  in an interview with the homeowner , she says she simply has to leave ; she ca n't remain in the area because the government is n't doing anything about the situation . 
  2 ) fighting between eritreans and sudanese one night ended with a conflagration in a migrant camp . 
  deep-seated cultural tensions between these groups could flare up at any time , and the larger the camps , the larger the potential spillover into the towns hosting them . 
  the `` migrants '' are n't a monolithic body ; we probably do n't understand the tensions between the different national groups , and so we wo n't be able to predict when these camps will break out into violent clashes . 
  3 ) the police fear for the worst this summer . 
  this wo n't get better any time soon . 
   of course the ideal situation is to deal with asylum claims at the border to the eu & then distribute them evenly within eu countries that is absolutely not the idea situation . 
  the ideal situation is closer to : 1 ) short term : refuse to accept a single migrant ( australia model ) , thus eliminating any incentive for travel to europe via boat and upending the illegal , dangerous people trafficking trade . 
  2 ) use a combination of carrot / stick incentives to solve the problems in eritrea that are causing thousands of people each month to flee to europe . 
  3 ) use aid packages and diplomatic means to restore stability to libya . 
  4 ) provide assistance to intranational african institutions to help them combat tribal warfare on the continent simply accepting an endless stream of migrants only helps those individuals ( and it will cause massive strain on services and infrastructure in europe ) . 
   it is france 's problem for now . 
  where do you think the migrants that have gathered at calais are headed ? 
  false choice fallacy . 
  there are more options than 1 ) accept them so they wo n't die and 2 ) return them to their certain deaths . 
  here 's just one of countless other options : 3 ) find an african country willing to accept them and offer that country the same financial incentives outlined in the european commission 's plan ( $ 6,000 per migrant ) . 
  simply ignoring the existence of border laws and the concept of nation states is n't a tenable , long-term solution . 
  it 's also not the most humanitarian solution , in the long term . 
   softdrugs are getting more and more criminialized ... can you elaborate ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  no argument from me that it 's problematic . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it happens . 
  [ ahmed aboutaleb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmed_aboutaleb ) , the mayor of rotterdam , still retains his ~ ~ turkish ~ ~ moroccan citizenship , as does former dutch mp [ nebahat albayrak ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nebahat_albayrak ) retain her turkish citizenship . 
  you 're drawing a specious conclusion . 
  take , for instance , the recent news of immigrant schoolchildren in the netherlands protesting the lack of white students at their schools ( [ link ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/dutch-immigrant-kids-street-demanding-white-classmates-071506783.html ) ) . 
  these schools are located centrally ( one is in the de pijp , which is one of the richest and most prestigious neighborhoods in all of amsterdam ) , and the students commute to them from across the city . 
  student of dutch heritage had been removed from the schools by their parents simply because foreign students , with worse knowledge of dutch language , reduced the quality of education for everyone . 
  it had nothing to do with general upward mobility ( `` everyone wants to leave '' ) , as you recklessly suggest . 
  these are real problems and they should be taken seriously , not dismissed pithily with superficial , feel-good theories . 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  if the purpose of traveling from a war zone in the middle east / north africa to europe is merely to reach safety , then that can be accomplished by fleeing to saudi arabia much more economically and with less risk -- not to mention the benefits of speaking the same language ( despite any differences in regional dialects , unless you 're implying that arabic is n't spoken in saudi arabia ) and worshipping within the same religion ( again , unless you 're implying that islam is n't the dominant religion in saudi arabia ? ), 
  you can try to deflect all you want , but evading the reality of the situation looks silly . 
  it 's cheaper , safer , and comes with less cultural friction for a refugee from the middle east / north africa to flee to saudi arabia than europe . 
  to claim otherwise is absurd . 
  huh ? 
  i did n't draw any broad conclusions ; i merely stated that my expectations , based on what i 'd read , were mistaken . 
  i was in malm\u00f6 a few weeks ago and , based on what i 'd read about the city , i was expecting the centre to look like a racially-divided warzone . 
  it was n't ; the old town is charming with a big square and lots of shops . 
  although i did see quite a few bored , foreign-looking people milling around the train station ( and i saw the same people there day after day ) , i did n't really notice anything that 'd cause alarm . 
  of course , i stayed in the centre and did n't venture into farther flung neighbourhoods , eg . 
  but i suppose this is part of the problem in sweden : the tensions are n't really visible until they boil over , because neighbourhoods are generally either `` swedish '' or `` immigrant '' . 
  perhaps if foreign people were more evenly distributed across the city , the general attitude toward immigration would be different . 
  you 're missing the big picture in all of your posts , which is that accepting hundreds of thousands of refugees across europe each year does n't actually solve the root problem , which is privation in africa . 
  without addressing that , the flow of refugees will never stop . 
  this is frustrating , but the coverage this issue has gotten on reddit is a bit misrepresentative of how seriously it is being taken , and for good reasons : 1 ) this is a fatuous , vacuous woman . 
  it 's no surprise that she made a fatuous , vacuous statement and that no one really cares enough to even address it . 
  2 ) goldsmith 's is n't anything close to a leading institution in the uk . 
  if the equivalent officer at oxford , cambridge , ucl , etc. 
  had said the same thing , there 'd be more reason for outrage . 
  3 ) no reasonable person would agree with this woman 's definition of racism , and very few share her angst against white men . 
  when silly people say silly things , the best response is n't to address their statements with the full weight and respect of reason ; it 's to ignore them . 
  i know a woman who works for the government in finland as part of the integration services for immigrants . 
  she said that teaching somalians ( who are the third largest immigrant group in finland , after estonians and russians ) finnish is nearly impossible for people over the age of about 30 because very few of the somali refugees that reach finland are literate in somali . 
  so to teach finnish , this woman actually had to learn somali so that she could teach somali immigrants their own language , through which they could be taught finnish . 
  this is the issue we 're dealing with . 
  `` teach them your language '' is actually a very , very large statement , and you 're dealing with it blithely and irresponsibly . 
  it is a lot . 
  estonia is a small country ( 1.3 mm inhabitants ) , with a very large unintegrated minority ( ethnic russians , which comprise about 25 % of the country 's population ) , and almost no social welfare support as a result of years of austerity reforms . 
  estonia has one refugee administration center that is already at capacity ; the country simply ca n't accommodate 1,000 people that will ( by law ! ), 
  be completely dependent on the state . 
  wow . 
  what percentage of a home 's value do people usually take out in debt to finance mortgages ? 
  what do you mean by `` wealth tax '' ? 
  a tax on liquid assets ? 
  one thing i found weird in turkey was that shisha caf\u00e9s do n't serve alcohol . 
  i lived in germany for a few years and the shisha caf\u00e9s there ( many of which are owned by turks ) are basically just bars . 
  i actually really , really enjoy a le coq , far more than eg . 
  karhu and even rivaling some nice imports from belgium and germany . 
  saku on the other hand is awful . 
  i do n't think this is the case -- returning a rejected asylum applicant is actually pretty tough , because the receiving country has to officially accept them . 
  the somali government has in many cases refused to accept rejected asylum applicants and immigrants that were to be deported after committing crimes . 
  it sounds like the norwegian government is simply trying to reach an agreement on a streamlined process for returning some people , not everyone . 
  the bill is symbolic : the state requires some level -- a very basic level -- of assimilation from residents in order to participate in society . 
  that the practical effect is minimal is beside the point ; the state has established a baseline behavioral standard and made it clear that simply having arrived in the country does n't grant one immunity from the social mores and norms that are established there . 
  it 's fun to watch , though . 
  can you distill your position down into one sentence ? 
  you 're all over the map , constantly deflecting and changing the point . 
  you initially stated that tech start-ups do n't work in germany because of labor regulations . 
  well , that 's verifiably false : look at berlin . 
  now you 're saying it 's the corporate welfare system which favors small business and a handful of very large corporations , but you also fail to take into account the fact that more than half of the lp contributions to german vc funds are from the state . 
  take a step back , re-assess your position , and state it clearly and succinctly . 
  i think it has less to do with this than the availability of risk tolerant capital . 
  you can see this in the number of european start-ups that move to the us after gaining initial traction ; they simply ca n't find funding ( on good terms ) in the eu . 
  you 've contradicted yourself multiple times in the span of 3-4 comments . 
  in london , avoid elephant and castle and tower hamlets . 
  these neighbourhoods are extremely dangerous and there 's nothing really to see in them , anyway . 
  i suppose this is true when tourists are interested in the `` beer steins and leiderhosen '' side of germany , but for anything else -- culture , nightlife , museums , caf\u00e9s , outdoor parks , etc. 
  -- berlin is one of the best cities in the world to visit . 
  she 's basically just trolling at this point , trying to see how far she can go without facing any consequences . 
  the next step after this would be to actually assault a white man . 
  that 's exactly my point , though : it 's more humanitarian in the long term ( for the reasons you point out ) and the short term ( because the people that are brought to europe end up spending months , if not years , in crowded refugee processing camps ) . 
  a ) small numbers ? 
  250k this year in germany is a small number ? 
  b ) helping the people crossing the mediterranean is de facto preferential treatment . 
  what about people from southeast asia ? 
  south america ? 
  saying , `` anyone that can make it as far as a rescue boat in the mediterranean '' gets to say seems arbitrary if your goal is to help every destitute person on the planet . 
  c ) we should save `` as many people as is reasonable '' -- who gets to define reasonable ? 
  you ? 
  why not me ?
