so posting one 's opinions or observations does not constitute pushing an agenda . 
  unless i do it . 
  got it . 
   it 's seems pretty simple ... 
  trying to influence people 's opinions about immigration . 
  trying to influence someone 's opinion about any topic is the entire point of posting about anything . 
  if that 's the case , then everyone on reddit is pushing an agenda , as are you ( trying to influence people 's opinions about single-use accounts ) . 
  that 's not actually what an agenda is , though -- it 's not an initiative to influence someone 's opinion about something . 
  an agenda is an initiative to effect change . 
  and you believe there to be an underlying intention or motive inherent in posting about immigration ? 
  what could that possibly be ? 
  it sounds like you 're presuming the existence of an agenda precisely because this post and posts that do n't cast a positive light on some ( but not all ) aspects of immigration contradict your own ideology . 
  perhaps you 're the one pushing an agenda , then . 
  what 's your definition of an agenda ? 
   incest is illegal for the same reason homosexuality was illegal in most of the world till recently . 
  what ? 
  incest is illegal because incestuous reproduction results in birth defects to a greater degree than non-incestuous reproduction does . 
  there 's no moral element to criminalizing incest . 
  false premise ; they are not . 
  you keep ducking and weaving . 
  an agenda is a policy prescription . 
  posting articles of interest is not the same as pushing an agenda . 
  the analysis comes in the comments section , not in the link ; the link is a prompt for a discussion . 
  you 're inferring an agenda from my posts -- that 's your own personal prerogative but it 's also extrapolating conclusions from a limited set of data that do n't support your assertions . 
  duck and weave all you want , you 're simply incorrect . 
  i do not . 
  i have a problem with unsystematic , short-sighted immigration policy that does n't benefit the host country and in fact results in 1 ) cultural tensions and 2 ) untenable demands on public infrastructure . 
  that 's not an agenda ; it 's a singular topic of interest . 
  i explained why i would n't want to share my opinion on immigration from my main account in a different thread : no matter how objective and analytical my posts , any criticism of open borders is considered to be racist by a large swath of europe . 
  and i explained why i do n't post my opinion about immigration from my main account , which , through enough internet sleuthing , could be traced back to me . 
  i 'm not pushing an agenda , which is defined thusly :  an underlying often ideological plan or program i 'm posting my opinion and sometimes articles that i find interesting related to a topic that i care deeply about . 
  but have i ever proposed a specific political programme ( or plan , see the definition ! ), 
  to deal with immigration ? 
  what agenda am i pushing ? 
  having an opinion is n't the same thing as pushing an agenda . 
  i 'm not talking about on reddit , i 'm talking about in the office / wherever . 
  because it 's still quite detrimental to one 's image to have an opinion about immigration that 's not wholly , fervently in support of quasi-open borders . 
   opportunism is taking advantage of the current situation i know what the word means . 
  he took advantage of completely inadequate border defenses in europe due to a surge in mediterranean crossings this year as well as a lack of a cohesive intra-national strategy in europe to reduce illegal immigration . 
   you claimed that because he broke laws he ca n't be a hero . 
  this is not true ( see example ) . 
  i did n't say he ca n't , by definition , be a hero because he broke a law . 
  i said that his actions in this scenario were not heroic ; he knowingly broke a law to better his own personal situation and that of his family without regard for how his actions will affect the people in the country to which he illegally immigrated . 
  that 's not heroism ; that 's opportunism and exploitation . 
  but i 'm willing to concede the point : the man in the article exhibited great bravery in exploiting the weakness of eu borders and breaking international laws , all for the sole purpose of enriching himself and his family . 
  no , that 's not what the article says . 
  his life was n't in danger in egypt , he was just unwelcome there ( or , at least , the author tried to convey that with one anecdote about a shopkeeper berating him ) . 
   the man risked his own life for the `` greater good '' ( the good of his family ) , which indeed qualifies him for being a hero . 
  no , the limited , constrained good of his family , with no thought paid to the good of the society to which he illegally immigrated . 
   is it wrong for him to want his sons to hava a better future than egypt can offer ? 
  of course not !, 
  but why does he have to break the law repeatedly ( if you read the article , he very knowingly breaks immigration law while traveling throughout europe to get to sweden ) to achieve that ? 
  many people legally immigrate to europe ; why not join their ranks ? 
   those sons will get an education and in the long term they will contribute greatly to sweden . 
  that 's not the point ( and neither is it a credible claim ; how could you possibly know that ? ) . 
  the point is that this man knowingly broke immigration laws , and traveled across a number of countries that could provide him safety , to resettle in a place in which he was not legally entitled to live . 
  borders exist and immigration laws exist ; this man is no hero for disregarding them , he 's an opportunist . 
  the language used by advocates of open borders continues to shock me . 
  `` hero '' , `` inspiring '' , etc. 
   but hashem was adamant : in febrile egypt , his three sons have no future . 
  in europe , they might win one . 
  this man concluded that his life would be better off in another country than in the country he initially fled to from syria . 
  is it heroic that he chose to break the law and move to another country -- one in which he does n't speak the language and to which he 'll very likely be a burden for years to come , possibly even permanently ? 
  that sounds like greed to me , or at the very least , opportunism . 
  the most offensive passage was this one :  and so everyone thinks -- until an aircraft flies low overhead , taking pictures as it goes . 
  the captain looks up . 
  that 's a greek reconnaissance plane , he says , not an italian one . 
  people turn their heads . 
  a greek plane ? 
  are they still in greek waters ? 
  it 's another cruel setback . 
  greek waters mean greek coastguards and a greek rescue mission , and no one wants to go to greece . 
  greece would be a disaster . 
  greece means walking through macedonia and serbia -- two countries that lie outside the eu -- to reach germany . 
   the passengers begin to shout . 
  they paid for italy , not for greece , and they want the engines re-started . 
  nothing doing , says the captain . 
  the coastguards have been called , and the die is cast . 
  but no one will stand for it , and eventually he backs down . 
  the captain fires up the engines , and the boat moves faster than ever towards italy . 
  hashem collapses , shattered , into a deep sleep -- not knowing whether or not they 'll reach italy . 
  they 're not pursuing safety ( after all , the protagonist of the story was safe in egypt ) . 
  they 're pursuing resettlement in a specific country , sweden . 
  they paid for transportation to that country ( to human traffickers ) , and so they feel entitled to it . 
  borders and immigration laws are meaningless to them ; they transacted , and they feel that they deserve what they paid for . 
   you can come up with all kinds of wild ideas about how you want to fix shitty foreign countries , but allowing immigration/refuge is by far the best and most realistic way to help people . 
  can you explain how you 've come to this conclusion ? 
  the `` 500mm vs. 350k '' argument is absolutely specious . 
  1 ) as you say , refugees and illegal immigrants are not spread evenly ; even if they were , they 'd relocate to cities / areas with large populations of their countrymen . 
  this is how immigration from the developing world works ; people are drawn to familiar communities . 
  even if migrants were spread evenly across europe , they 'd ultimately relocate to areas with large communities of their own nationals as soon as they could . 
  2 ) 350k is a yearly number ; that 's 1.05 mm every 3 years , or 0.2 % of the entire population of the eu . 
  that 's roughly 1 % every 15 years , counting only the migrants themselves . 
  1 % per 15 years is not insignificant . 
  and again , these are n't evenly distributed ; they go to a handful of cities . 
  so you 've got a group of people as large as 1 % of the entire eu moving into a small number of cities in the uk , germany , france , the netherlands , belgium , spain , and austria every 15 years . 
  that 's unsustainable . 
  this is a really heartbreaking video . 
  a couple of things i took away from it : 1 ) the situation in calais has more or less become untenable . 
  the video shows one migrant camp immediately next to a civilian 's home , around which a roughly 4m high fence has been erected .
