  thanks . 
  who does n't ? 
  we got france and spain to hop on the freedom boat pretty quickly . 
  also if you want to make us mad call us southern canada . 
  thanks for your response . 
  i did n't read much of it by the way , only the preamble . 
   in the name of the most holy trinity , from whom is all authority and to whom , as our final end , all actions both of men and states must be referred , we , the people of \u00c9ire , humbly acknowledging all our obligations to our divine lord , jesus christ , who sustained our fathers through centuries of trial , gratefully remembering their heroic and unremitting struggle to regain the rightful independence of our nation , and seeking to promote the common good , with due observance of prudence , justice and charity , so that the dignity and freedom of the individual may be assured , true social order attained , the unity of our country restored , and concord established with other nations , do hereby adopt , enact , and give to ourselves this constitution . 
  it seems like as the 1900s progressed there we less and less really religious people in europe . 
  the same thing happened we jews i think as well as their are large numbers of secular jews . 
  thanks for your ideas . 
  also , your are completely right about americans and religion . 
  again , i was just thinking , it does n't offend me or anything . 
  in god we trust was added in the 1950s because communist were all atheists ( in theory ) . 
  we have a motto e pluribus unum that dates back to the countries founding and is extremely well known . 
  as for creationism it is n't federally sanctioned at all . 
  sorry i know there is freedom of religion in ireland , but when i read the preamble of your constitution i was a bit taken aback by how much it talked about religion . 
  i thought france had a deep tradition of secularism though . 
  ireland does n't have the focus on separation of church and state that france and the usa has ( to my knowledge ) . 
  [ as for tisha b'av by law restaurants and entertainment venues must be closed or face a fine . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tisha_b%27av#in_israel ) again i 'm not trying to be hostile , just thinking a bit . 
  i think the fact that they were pagan is the best argument . 
  not that i know of . 
  i have never heard of that before . 
  i live in a city ( suburb ) with a large jewish population and for holidays like rosh hashanah they just do n't attend and are excused . 
  i know this is n't that big a deal . 
  i was just thinking about how secular countries acknowledge religious holidays and how it could be argued that could violate secularism . 
  it made me think of israel a bit because israel has an official religion and state holidays on religious holidays . 
  however in israel businesses are sometimes require to close like on tisha b'av . 
  lol europoors . 
  i know about christmas being an old holiday , that 's why am not very upset at all . 
  i never thought that it was having the church influencing government , i think that having a religious holiday could give some credence to the argument that other religions should have public holidays . 
  i think giving a holiday official recognition if the holiday is primarily religious by the state can be seen as breaking the separation of church . 
  it 's not like it 's a huge deal , just looking for other thoughts on the matter . 
  fair enough . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  in the us it would be a problem not to have it as so many people would want to take the day off . 
  the same is not a problem for hanukkah as it is mostly celebrated at night . 
  thank you . 
  i have a legitimate question and i am not trying to be mean . 
  how does having religiously based holidays like this in a secular country like france respect the separation of church and state ? 
  i wonder the same about the us and christmas ( federal holiday ) . 
   transylvania  romanian sorry i do n't recognize the treaty of trianon . 
  dat 's racist . 
  if they would realize that they would n't have voted brexit . 
  no problem . 
  are you serious ? 
  brazil and germany have federal states and they are countries . 
  the us federal government 's laws supercede any and all local laws and has large authority in most areas of governance . 
  states are not free to leave the federation and have no sovereignty of military . 
  good luck !, 
  good , i think language is the most important sign of assimilation . 
  being able to talk to dutch people should help muslims understand dutch culture and help dutch people feel like muslims are connected to them somehow . 
  how is knowledge of the native language ( dutch ) among 2nd generation muslims ? 
  if the goal of the law is to reduce muslim worship , which is what your comment implied , then it violates the foundation of the french republic . 
  the goal is not to destroy islam just islamists and jihadists . 
  as a jew i know most muslims would love my head on a pike , but i 'd rather sit with my muslim friend from jordan than the fascist catholic italians . 
  even if only one muslim is n't a radical , that does n't make it ok to violate his rights because he believes in a different prophet from christians . 
  that 's what i like about the us . 
  there is no such thing as a `` real '' americans ( minus natives ) . 
  everyone just bitches about the current immigrant group that has n't fully assimilated . 
  no one whines about italians , jews , germans , or irish people in the us anymore . 
  so in theory you should n't have dipshits whining about real americans . 
  * sigh *, 
  france has separation of church and state and can not favor or disfavor any religion . 
  that seems to be from france to vc . 
  the issue is foreign investment influencing ideology , giving money does n't influence french people . 
  i imagine they used first world countries to subsidize conversion missions in poor countries . 
  all humans outside of africa are minorities of the real ecology of the regions . 
  it 's almost like having a bunch of national laws instead of an eu wide response is n't working . 
  one thing i think is important , is to distinguish between migrants and refugees . 
  refugees can not return to their country with a serious threat of harm or death . 
  saying hungary will take no refugees when thousands of hungarians fled to austria after the failed 1956 revolution would be pathetic . 
  here in st. louis they burn gas stations . 
  more like goldstein . 
  vive la france !, 
  apologies , my french sucks . 
  we are brothers , neither of our revolutions could have happened without the other . 
  i live in a french city ( no one speaks french though ) and want to say to everyone in france ; happy bastille day !, 
  do n't insult people with down syndrome by comparing them to medinsky . 
  the us has a very positive view of jewish people and israel . 
  the us has a decent sized evangelical population that is usually hostile to all non-christian faiths , but it seems jews get a free pass . 
  the nation is very conscious of the holocaust . 
  i read number the stars in fifth grade and read night last year in high school . 
  there is historic tension between jews and black people , but it is much better than it used to be . 
  many jews were involved with the formation the naacp and the civil rights movement for instance . 
  even muslim americans are accepting of jews . 
  the first jewish presidential candidate bernie sanders won michigan 's muslim community 's vote by wide numbers . 
  there are of course skin heads , but the biggest group of critics of israel of the regressive left . 
  while many just make some criticism of israel that is grounded and hate hamas , some are uniformed on the subject . 
  just to be clear , even most liberals in the us support israel . 
  as for the language , she went to a scottish mission school and claims she just spoke english all the time . 
  we visited her aunt in paris who went to auschwitz and while we where there her aunt called her and asked if she wanted to talk in hungarian ( her aunt speaks with her son 's girfriend in hungarian a lot ) and my grandmother said she did n't speak a word . 
  what do you think of the us ? 
  my grandmother lived in the budapest ghetto and married an american gi and moved to america . 
  to this day she refuses offers to go back to hungary and claims she does not speak hungarian . 
  ( btw she moved to hawaii and is loving her life ) . 
  yeah as a jew , all these heathens need to accept the one true god ( tm ) . 
  i was talking about convention republicans , like john mccain and mitt romney . 
  i do not like much of their policy , but they both have are respectful and act with dignity . 
  both support nato and if anything want to be more assertive against putin 's aggression .
