  if the us had enough balls to stand up corporations as big as apple we 'd be in a much better place . 
  as long as the island is well supplied with humanitarian aid , i would adore this option . 
  however , given the instability in syria it seems like it would be costly as the war drags on . 
  i think it would be a great option as paper work for security could be done on the island and a more organized operation could be set up . 
  the problem is i do n't know which governments would be willing to pay for it . 
  i mean we killed muslims so i guess it was okay . 
   saddam has nukes and did 9/11, 
  french revolution ftw . 
  i agree , but one step at a time . 
  do n't see how it 's any different than christians and jews accepting gay or female priests . 
  the catholic church still does n't allow either last i checked . 
  this is a great thing . 
  do you really want our fucked up healthcare ? 
  look at the price of epipens in the us . 
   apple in pocket of us government that 's why they told the fbi to go fuck themselves i guess . 
   us in pocket of eu ? 
  i thought us dumb americans were the retards screwing things up without permission like iraq . 
  binary is much more effective than analog . 
  german efficientcy . 
  would freedom missiles help ? 
  a m16 ? 
  need some dead commies ? 
  good luck, 
  glad someone got some balls to tell corporations to pay their shares . 
  sorry about this , wish our government was n't filled with corporate dogs . 
  forgive my ignorance , but what is the current problem with the eurozone at the moment ? 
  did greece screw something up again ? 
  do n't shoot the messenger . 
  it was never legitimate to it 's neighbors that repeatedly invaded it . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm glad we finally have a state to defend us . 
  the nazis were amazing at propaganda . 
  i do n't think that the average german was evil , but blinded by prejudice . 
  you make a good point about information . 
  while jews were obviously being deported , they could have just been sent to internment camps like the japanese-americans instead of gassed . 
  jews have always had more acess to education . 
  this does not make us smarter . 
  it only allowd those among us that are smart to have more opportunities . 
  also , communism does have good points . 
  the problem comes when you make a corrupt bearuacracy instead of actual equality . 
  i 'm jewish and a several of my grandmother 's family were communists . 
  yeah , i belive king casimir the leader of poland in civ v gave jews full legal rights . 
  ah institutional racism . 
  the best kind of racism . 
  being able to sleep at night in the house of your murder neighbors family just makes me fucking sick . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm just very upset by people who claim the average person in the 1930s in europe did n't hate jews . 
  most people were more than happy to take their murdered neighbors belongings . 
  poland though as far as i am aware was one of the most tolerant countries for jews . 
  can i borrow you healthcare system please ? 
  as a jew whose grandmothers family lived in the budapest ghetto , no it is n't . 
  that 's about what i thought . 
  there was a not insignificant number of poles who sold out jews , but more that aided them . 
  thanks . 
  all we want is for europe to not get invaded by putin . 
  and for you to keep buying coca cola . 
   a truly sickening example of `` german engineering '' not the first either . 
  metal meaning cool or badass . 
  it comes from heavy metal music . 
  it 's american slang . 
  fair enough . 
  most australian are euro descended . 
  inb4 brits are europeans . 
  oh sorry i was on mobile and assume from the text you were european . 
  to be fair this city is an old one . 
  where do you live a former soviet or czechloslovak state ? 
  it was a dumb joke . 
  can i have your commie healthcare please ? 
  i knew that , fucking weird huh ? 
  fair enough . 
  it was just a thought , i do n't care very much one way or another . 
  i was just wondering about a very secular society like france having a public holiday on a religious one . 
  it 's not going the church on sunday , it 's the government acknowledging one religions holidays over others . 
  what you mean by the bible belt ? 
  i do n't like the religious beliefs in the south that make people hate homesexual people and try to ban abortion , but am not offended by people dressing up for church every sunday . 
  it 's not about private beliefs it 's about government actions . 
  englsih is hard . 
  pretty metal too . 
  good point . 
  the aztecs were pretty cool . 
  i said 250 years because my city st. louis , missouri is almost exactly 250 years old . 
  tfw your `` ancient '' history is 250 years ago . 
  edit : your, 
  because then humanity was redeemed of it 's i believe . 
  passover requires drinking wine . 
  good point , again that 's why i 'm not upset about it one way or another . 
  just interested at the thought . 
  it means the same thing in my case . 
  some days can be holidays and still require work ( halloween ) . 
  we call extended work breaks vacations in the states . 
  i meant i do n't thinks it 's a big deal with regards to church and state . 
  literally anything can offend you no matter where it is . 
  if germany invaded poland again that would offend me even though it 's in europe . 
  thanks for that . 
  good point . 
  i was just joking . 
  my aunt is from transylvania and she speaks hungarian . 
  how hungarian was transylvanian when the treaty was signed ? 
  were they small than a romanian majority ? 
  what about today ?
