can i apply for asylum if trump wins ? 
  did i misspell classes too ? 
  spelling is hard on my phone in between classes when spell-check does n't work half the time for no reason . 
  my point was germany has put itself on a rigteous path and will in all probability never go to war in europe to gain land . 
  it theoretically could happen , but is so improbable i think the idea is laughable . 
  that make made me think of irish americans . 
  `` not all white people have irish ancestory . 
  well most do ... and i 'm barely british ( all british isles not just gb ) at all and i 'm irish through my hungarian aunt somehow ... nevermind all white americans are probably irish . 
  theoretically a white american could contain not a single drop of irish blood , but theoretically germany could try to annex the sudenten land again . '', 
  the speed of light is n't infinity . 
  therefore all information takes time to travel . 
  do you even relativity ? 
  i have never heard the term bedfellows before , but it is nos my favorite word . 
  state control of media does weird things to history . 
  stealing the property of a small well off community is useful . 
  think about all the gold melted down from teeth ... 
  by what ? 
  the russian state media reports on the truth as figured out by minitru . 
  do n't generalize people into groups based on things other than actions of beliefs . 
  there is a huge different between saying fuck x group and fuck x group that do y. 
  two women won the prize not one . 
  we should look at a wine drinkers map of saudi arabia and iran . 
  the glasses is always half empty to people who have nothing to add to political discussion except criticism . 
  he falls into the category of insane people . 
  the marshall plan rebuilt europe 's economy from the ground up . 
  as for defence have you seen military spending by [ percent of gdp ? 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/06/25/the-biggest-military-budgets-as-a-percentage-of-gdp-infographic-2/#17a1a4584064 ) most european countries do n't meet the 2 % mark for defense spending . 
  we also have the world 's largest economy so we are also spending more . 
  i 'm not saying we do this out of the goodness of our hearts , but we do pay for the bulk of nato . 
  i mean the us provided for europe 's defense and economy after wwii and in many ways continues to do so to this day . 
  i heard a quote on reddit in response to trump saying nato is obsolete : that 's like saying because we 've had an umbrella for 75 years and have n't gotten wet the umbrella is obsolete . 
  as for the defense you are right . 
  europe has been in many ways subsidized by the usa . 
  for selfish reasons ( commies could n't buy coca cola ) but still . 
  i think countries should atleast spend 2.0 % of gdp like promised . 
  we spend more than that , but i 'm okay with that . 
  the problem is is when trump says things like that and then says and if they do n't pay up we wo n't help . 
  that will only destroy the point of nato . 
  article 5 is and will always be honored . 
  does nato or the eu make you feel secure ? 
  everyone in my coutry supports nato apart from insane people . 
  edit : grammar, 
  thank you . 
  munich betrayal of 1938 ? 
  i have deep sympathy for the revolutionaries . 
  my first cousin twice removed is in a very famous photograph of men standing on a tank holding the hungarian flag . 
  he seemed very hurt that america did n't help and accepted only 1/5 the refugees of switzerland where he stayed . 
  i would like to ask a question , though . 
  would you have had america intervene ? 
  it might have started wwiii . 
  eisenhower was very upset by stories of students in radio towers crying for help before being killed . 
  the us raised money for the refugees on the ed sullivan show ( the most universally watch show in us history ) with a young elvis presley . 
  i read a street in budapest was even named after elvis is his honor . 
  sorry for rambling . 
  thank you for learning english . 
  i know , but the consensus on this sub was anti-refugee . 
  i believe it needs to be . 
  without other countries supporting border countries like italy and greece those countries would fall further into debt . 
  yes , people were happy to praise him when he told the eu to go fuck itself over refugees . 
  god bless all y' all, 
  what court ? 
  does russia answer to anyone but putin ? 
  latin inquisitional yelling . 
  i meant right during brexit before the conventions . 
  if clinton is elected we will honor the paris agreement . 
  if trump wins all bets are off . 
  i thanked them because for once we ( usa ) were n't being the retarded ones . 
  he regularly threatens to sue newspapers and he wants to opens libel laws . 
  despite not having more than 2 parties the republicans got hijacked by populists in the usa too . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you for learning english !, 
  that 's only texas and some western states like wyoming, 
  sounds like the southern usa . 
  i was talking about older history . 
  you know , when the ottoman empire still existed . 
  right thing ? 
  as an american , i agree . 
  right-wing nutjobs ( fascists ) tend not to be too bright . 
  for jews like me the ottomans were much better . 
  i read the article . 
  i do not think roosevelt or the allies did enough to stop the deportations . 
  roosevelt may have been prejudiced as many were at the time , but i can not see him as a hateful man . 
  he seems to have wanted jews to assimilate into local cultures which is not that bad in my opinion ( i 'm a secular jew though so that may make my opinion less relevant . ), 
  the death of most jew in budapest , though i am was told by my grandmother 's cousin yesterday was at the hand of arrowcrossers who shot jews over duna . 
  1 i live in st. louis mo and am well aware of the ship . 
  2 [ i seems the general roosevelt knew what was going on , but was unable to do much , but was personally sympathetic to the jews . 
  ] ( https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/article.php?moduleid=10007411 ), 
  fdr ? 
  i recall him appealing to the regent of hungary to save his jewish subjects . 
  i 'm jewish and my grandmother 's family was sent to the budapest ghetto , so i 'm kinda sensitive to antisemitism . 
  insulting roma and muslims is not om either , but usually when i try to defend muslims on reddit i get downvoted . 
  i think that this is shameful . 
  i think the ban is schools is good as it prevents parents from forcing their beliefs onto their children , but parents are adults . 
  the only time it is coerced among adults is an abusive relationship or one without the woman having financial independce . 
  i think if kids are brought up in public schools in a secular environment they will choose to integrate as adults if they are not bullied or harassed . 
  if hungary could stop catering to anti-semites that 'd be great . 
  duck and cover was great as it was not hysterical and presented good advice in a calm manner . 
  sorry for my country 's idiots . 
  have you seen the top tax bracket go down for decades ? 
  i do n't know what my countryman is on about .
