  trump is a complete idiot , who is a danger to the entire world . 
  large portions the of the republican party while endorsing him openly despise him , and a decent minority are refusing to endorse him . 
  american here . 
  the us on both sides of the aisle strongly support the military amd the general policy of nato and global presence . 
  while some things are debated , the defence of e europe against russian agression is not one of them . 
  alsp , trump is a complete lunatic and no one can say what the hell he would do . 
  american here , russia will annex you over our cold dead body . 
  apparently not english though , am i right ? 
  not all muslims have the same leader . 
  if you belive in the 5 pillars you are muslim . 
  jesus christ , there is plenty to critize about islam , making shit up only furthers the west vs. islam narrative , when it is secularism and human rights vs totalitarism and fundamentalism . 
  christians here in america who belive that the bible is literally true scare me less than muslims who support gay marriage . 
  all abrahmic religions have creepy genocidal , sexist , and weird stuff in them , ignoring jihad in islam makes you no less of a muslim , than sinners in christianity who kill their neighbors who work on sunday . 
  saying you are n't a muslim unless you kill people only makes this worse . 
  yeah , well designed money just feels nice . 
  by the way what do you think of the us ' money ? 
  my dad 's family were jews in hungary . 
  miklos horthy the regent their said jews were n't real hungarians and made it nearly impossible for jews to get into university . 
  the us arguably should be doing more as the eastern bloc is much poorer than western europe , but it bugs me that you refuse even the notion of helping people . 
  that 's the problem . 
  you can have shitty mass produced trash or you can have really inefficient farming that produces really good food it seems . 
  hopefully gmos that are n't super shady take off . 
  europe is tiny . 
  people need to realize how short sighted overhunting is . 
  and yes i realize that poor rural farmers are upset by regulations , but it 's not like farms are n't subsidized . 
  i 'm kidding , but seriously organized religion ( wahhabisists and catholics ) is far too powerful . 
  eh , the fascists did n't seem to think so when they started gassing them . 
  if we want to stop terrorism we have to integrate people . 
  second generation immigrants are often face discrimination and that 's fuels resentment . 
  you can either have cheap labor and brown people or no brown people by stopping the war in syria or give people food and shelter so they dont want to go to europe . 
  people with nothing to lose will do crazy shit and people who feel like they are hated will become bitter . 
  the vatican should just annex poland and hungary at this point . 
  then why do n't we just gas the retards in our countries ? 
  for low born people . 
  w europe has some of the most developed countries in the world . 
  or stupid, 
  whats the difference between a region and an entity ? 
  huh , it 's a mostly autonomous region . 
  til . 
  sounds like they are doing a great job representing the motherland and her wonderful secret police !, 
  isnt the republic of srpska a failed state that tried to succeed from bosnia & hertzegovina ? 
  we ( society ) are rewarding mediocrity . 
  thanks . 
  i feel the same way about people like colin kaepernick who do n't just critize america because they want to make it better but have open distain for it which they are granted to under our constitution . 
  sometime i want to just tell at him because he staged a smart peaceful protest , but says america is evil . 
  if america is evil we would have killed disentors . 
  thanks for you information , i think i 'm figuring out who the assholes are . 
  i was just curious . 
  i did n't think they were treated badly . 
  the hungarians are super sour about not being a global power that gets everyone kissinng there ass . 
  i was just asking . 
  i figured they were given large allowed from what i read . 
  i just wanted a primary source ie someone who lives near there . 
  i would n't know anything about that ... 
  how do romanians feel about the rights of ethnic hungarians in transylvania ? 
  you should n't talk down to a group of people . 
  i 'm an american and would love this . 
  sorry , i did it from memory . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  tons of americans myself included screw this up every now and then . 
  english is hard . 
  source : native speaker, 
  this is amazing !, 
  as an interested american i could n't ask for more . 
  it was n't even entirely the nazis that made them leave . 
  after the war many europeans were hostile and sometimes violent to jews returning to their stolen homes . 
  pls send help, 
  make rome great again !, 
  try getting in a time machine and giving your pregnant mother alcohol . 
  that should help . 
  that 's pretty fucking metal . 
  germans have been some of the coolest people after wwii . 
  \\ - saudi prince, 
  everyone knows moscow will rule all of europa !, 
  at least i did n't hear someone prounce the s at the end . 
  everytime that happens i die on the inside . 
  you do n't pronounce the s in illinois . 
  however , since illanois does n't exist i 'll let slide . 
  * lowers pitchfork *, 
  knowing that other countries are screwed too makes me feel less bad . 
  thanks guys . 
  at least it does n't contribute to global warming directly . 
  i hope she can at least speak american . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  try / r/vexillology i think this was a contest a while back . 
  / r/flags _ irl, 
  sounds like my homeland . 
  impossible !, 
  all foreigners are bloody savages that eat each other and go topless . 
  khazastan can into europe . 
  you 're saying there are places other than the anglosphere !, 
  thanks for some knowledge . 
  minitru think this comment is double plus i good . 
  please report to miniluv . 
  that 's what we do every day of our life . 
  you assume doctors are n't full of shit , that financial reports are n't pulled out of thin air , and that historians did n't make up the republic of manchuria . 
   implying estonia exists, 
  he had it spelled embassador, 
  he was being sarcastic for humorous purposes . 
  yes .
