  they kept the czechoslovakian flag even though they promised not to . 
  they drink the most beer per capita in the world . 
  they have the world 's oldest synagogue in their capital prague . 
  they have 3 regions : bohemia and the other two ( is the eastern one silesia ? ) . 
  they speak a weird slavic language with lots of german influence from their time as part of the austria-hungarian empire . 
  kafka was a super important czech writer who lived in prague and wrote in german . 
  they ethnically cleansed germans after wwii . 
  edit : kafka is not german, 
  that does n't mean rape is n't a form of sexual intercourse . 
  frequency of something does n't change it . 
  i do n't think rape should be used to paint all sex as bad or taboo , but rape is sexual intercourse by definition . 
  rape is sexual intercourse . 
  however i agree with your conclusion . 
  i think the term rape victim is best . 
  the only time rape is fatal is if it is also a murder or the victim kills themself . 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  no but op seemed to be getting.pretty high and mighty over arabs, 
  truth is stranger than fiction, 
  iraq ? 
  because europe never had any poor abused domestic servants !, 
  he also left one his wives while she was dying of cancer . 
  google it . 
  my mom is a steortypical fat feminist although she has a law degree from university of minnesota and is n't a dipshit . 
  she was the one that worked and during her divorce she was the one that got screwed over . 
  it 's not like this is a completely gendered issue . 
  you should see newt gringrich 's wife http://images.gawker.com/18k1thoxqn2zgjpg/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636.jpg, 
  that 's byzantine you barbaric fuck, 
  i know your pain . 
  a vote a day keeps the fascists away, 
  you could have just wrote brexiteers . 
  i 'm saying it 's too late now . 
  i did n't bet on trump so now i have trump and no money . 
  unless you have a time machine i can borrow . 
  that 's a weird way to spell west virginia . 
  ( this is a petty joke ), 
  i do n't think it takes a rocket scientist to figure where he is from . 
  i know that 's why i 'm mad i did n't bet . 
  i campaigned for hillary and voted . 
  edit : i voted for hillary if that was n't clear, 
  as an american , i wanted to bet on trump because if trump won i won and if hillary won i won . 
  shh . 
  the french can hear you . 
  they are watching . 
  it 's his farewell address . 
  thank you . 
  i like learning about other countries . 
  they speak romanian and have two separatist states . 
  the thing that blows my mind about europe is how long people in small villages have had the same families live there . 
  i call it neo-fascism . 
  fascists tend to be really dumb and hypocritical . 
  i think i 've learned a lot about europe from browsing this subreddit . 
  although i realize the fact this sub is mostly in english means i am limited in which europeans post on here . 
  and he would stop having something to bitch about . 
  serious question : do women use these phrases too or do they have their own crude phrase expressing apathy ? 
  people on this sub are so nice, 
  source ? 
  all you did was contradict the article citing no evidence and explaining nothing . 
   facts that 's just like , your opinion man ... - neo-fascists, 
  is that a region of sweden ? 
  i live in the midwest . 
  unless corn is involved , i do n't think so . 
  [ mentioned in this video ] ( https://youtu.be/sax_pwxsh5m ), 
  i mean i do n't even speak turkish and live across an ocean . 
  it feels very hard to do anything when no one in your physical community is informed let alone cares . 
  rojava is surrounded by religous fanatics and bourgeoisie . 
  they wo n't last . 
  anarchy is inherently unstable with modern technology . 
  eh , i 'm iffy on communism . 
  the russians ruined communism by tainting it with authoritarianism that it has never recovered from . 
  what can us foreigners do ? 
  i mean what else can we do besides try not to cry ? 
  they can if they blow up the internet . 
  i 'd rather be a mod of / r/vexillology, 
  the north korean flag is really well designed . 
  i was just making a quip . 
  as far as i know norway didnt have any colonies ( it was a colony of denmark or sweden iirc ) . 
  besides you guys stood up to the nazis !, 
  ( colonialism ), 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  in the us there is a lot of ambiguity . 
  i live in kansas city . 
  funny thing is most of kansas city is in missouri , but there is a kansas city kansas . 
  on the other side of missouri there is st. louis , but most people live in st. louis county not the city . 
  all of north illinois is `` chicagoland '' . 
  anyway good to know french people are good at using geographic terms correctly . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  it 's like cook county and chicago . 
  what i meant to say is do people who live in \u00cele de france ever say they live paris ( even though it is incorrect ) and do people who live in paris say they live in \u00cele de france ( and not add more specificity ) ever ? 
  does anyone call it that instead of paris ? 
  yeah i do n't like how the parliament also has executive power . 
  can i has some of ur socialisms ? 
  advertisers are the idiots who decide what they want in a show and what not, 
  the pharmaceutical lobby is strong . 
  hillary clinton tried to get us universal health care in the 90s , but a ad blitz turned the tide of public opinion . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i was just saying the majority religion of your country . 
  thanks for the response . 
  germans seem like a very friendly bunch when it comes to accepting people who want to become germans . 
  hungary can not into indo-european language tree . 
  i do n't practice judaism .
