  [ here it is ] ( http://shrani.si/f/1h/xe/lhhm49g/1/its40000.png ), 
  says it 's from 23 . 
  november last year so a pretty impressive growth of new subscribers in the last 3 months and a half . 
   ask me about my hdi !, 
  is it high enough you 're able to lure our women there ? 
  damn we suck , no worries though we 'll just import some serb or macedonian to replace her for half the price . 
  take care there down under , argies are right next to you . 
  well there is more money made in drug dealing than making drugs . 
  not really , this myth that germany has a huge current account surplus mostly due to unbalanced trade with the rest of eurozone has become really ingrained but is n't really true . 
  here 's for example germany 's trade data for february 2014 :, 
  * total exports : 92.4 billion $ ( +4.6 % yoy ) / total imports : 76.1 billion $ ( +6.5 % yoy ), 
  * rest of euro area : 34.9 billion $ ( +3.7 % ) / 34.6 billion $ ( +8.4 % ), 
  * non-euro eu : 19.9 billion $ ( +12.4 % ) / 15.7 billion $ ( +10.4 % ), 
  * non-eu : 37.7 billion $ ( +1.8 % ) / 25.9 billion $ ( +2.0 % ), 
  yes it has only become so balanced lately after a period of recession in southern europe while german demand kept rising but blaming current account unbalances as the main cause of the euro crisis is very simplistic , for instance troubles in my country ( slovenia ) that was also amongst the worst hit have nothing to do with it but rather with internal stuff too complicated to explain in a reddit comment . 
  i clicked on china if the person looked like a poor east asian and japan if he seemed to be rich or at least middle-class . 
  did n't thought it would work but i managed to get to 9 that way . 
   in europe , the current crisis is both longer and worse than the great depression . 
  this is partly because of the severity of the euro crisis , and partly because the 1930s were n't as bad in europe as in the usa, 
  what the hell ? 
  great depression hit many european countries just as bad or even worse than the us ; banking system in central europe collapsed , unemployment reached around 30 % in germany and some other countries while spain was sliding into civil war . . , not to mention the famines through soviet union , but ok that is not really related . 
  save, 
  well i live near italy and know enough about the country to tell you those supporters of venetian independence are a joke that most people in the region do n't take seriously and have to real popular support . 
  anyway if some pro-russians want to spend their vacation in venice meeting with some local cranks they 're welcome to do so , but do n't expect most people will pay much attention to that . . 
  being racist and xenophobic does n't automatically exclude you from being leftist . 
  reddit is sometimes pretty similar to french national front or some east european left wing parties : econmically leftist , supporting welfare but accusing immigrants of taking advantage of it , having lots of anti-banker/anti-bussines elite sentiments , anti-gmo , anti-american , anti-muslim but not when it involves israel , somehow bigoted and last but not least generally having pretty low knowledge about the world outside their country . 
  russia is seriously becoming like a new much bigger and more powerful 90 's serbia , putin should be careful , his own propaganda may get out of hand and he might find himself in position of having to follow the public opinion instead of guiding it . 
  i think that kinda happened to milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  i find this description of russians as some proud rebellious freemen funny . 
  sure russia itself is trying to be a fiercely independent country that is n't told by others what to do , but the russians themselves have always been some of the biggest `` domesticated horses '' there are . 
  in how many other countries is there so much tendency to support or even worship various present and former autocrats , to not care about government abuse and restrictions of free speech , to dislike people that somewhat stand out or are different from an average person in the country , to concentrate on some imagined foreign enemies while being robbed by your own corrupt crony countrymen ... please russians have no right to call others puppets . 
  oh and they should finally realize that us does n't such a big influence in the world because of some conspiracy but because of numerous historic and present failures in the much of the rest of the world , there is no better enforcer of us and west-european power than some rabid anti-liberal democracy nationalists , communists , fascists , islamists ... in the rest of the world . 
   russia wanted to be part of the west on their own terms , that is to still be entitled to sphere of influence of its own, 
  nobody is entitled to anything , every country has the right to change its own allies . 
  it 's not others fault that it is n't much benificial to be under russian sphere of influence so many ex-eastern bloc counties want to distance themselves from it . 
  and france and germany do have spheres of influence of thieir own like french speaking africa and maghreb in france 's case or large part of europe for germany . 
  how 's the weather in middle england these days ? 
  you know i was about to upvote this submission but then i saw your name . 
  do n't you have anything better to do than just constantly posting articles that show ukraine in a bad light ? 
  i 'm sure there 's things to do in ni\u0161 or wherever you 're from . 
  not on his name but on his intention , as i said he regulary just posts articles that show ukraine in a bad light which seems just too obvious pushing of his own views and biases , i have no interest in supporting that . 
  you know it 's exactly that kind of thinking that makes us influential in eastern europe , people there do n't care about global geopolitics but about security of their own countries . 
  if western europe does n't want to strongly back them they 'll let the american republicans like mccain fill the void . 
  the fact that i 've noticed he 's a serb makes it even funnier , they really wo n't ever learn ... 
  hey could you add italian and spanish flairs , they 're still missing . 
  well at least the article is n't calling the west fascist for being intolerant of isis , you never know what kind of opinions can end up in guardian, 
  oh wow i 've checked this aaron kiely 's twitter account and he 's got hugo chavez as his background image , guy is like a stereotype of a special kind of leftist nutter . 
  for them its basically a name for people that are anti-russian , notice how they will quickly call ukrainian , estonian , latvian ... nationalists fascists but will never call say serbian nationalists as fascist even if they 're some extremist fucktards that were involved in ethnic cleansing of bosnia . 
  ... and communism , do n't forget communism, 
  no , little action figures of stepan bandera, 
  ... but north korea ofcourse is n't true totalitarian monarchy , as a supporter of true totalitarian monarchy \u00ae i do n't want that label to be used with this wreched north korean regime, 
  that is incorrect my good lad , nk could only be called a true totalitarian monarchy \u00ae if, 
  it would still be ruled with an iron fist by its rightful rulers from the house of yi of joseon dynasty and not by the godless communist usurper family , saying otherwise is an insult to the legitemate monarchs worldwide . 
  having a wholy state owned/state controlled economy is what most people firstly associate with communism and thats also what my first reply was aiming at not whether they 're following marx 's words or whatever on a page per page basis . 
  if we 're talking about things like general shortage of food and other basic goods it has a lot more to do with their economic system and policies than anything else , shooting and imprisoning thousands of government opponents and critics does n't automatically reduce food availibility in the country but nationalising land from farmers , setting unrealistic production quotas and even forcibly exporting food into cities does . 
  yea i 've seen some stories in english language media about how venice is seeking independence that made me facepalm . 
  lega nord/veneta is traditionally strong in veneto but it 's a regionalist/autonomist party not separatist and it 's most popular in rural inner areas not in the coastal venice . 
  i guess venice is just brought up because it 's the capital of the region and foreigners recognize its name unlike the name of italian regions . 
  how are you politically against esa ? , be happy that poland can now finally into space . 
  obligatory : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq_j2c6hrz0, 
  no man the russian economy will now finally be able to difersify , like by attracting adidas export clothing industry from china now that 1 yuan is so expensive it is worth 8 rubles instead of 5 like last year . 
  what ? 
  before the war krajina was an ethnically mixed area and it was the croats that firstly had to flee from it when serbian militants established control over it . 
  and while there were some killings commited after the croatian army retook the region the government wanted to avoid a mass exodus of the serbian population but the serb leadership had other plans and wanted to settle them in kosovo so it ordered that the whole population should evacuate . 
  hey i 'd love to join too , please . 
  i 'm pretty sure birmingham is larger, 
  de rossi is going to leave ? 
  he is n't that old yet . 
  stoke city, 
  they mosty are , but this match did n't decide about anything so it does n't matter if its played a day before . 
  ranocchia is worthy to be inter captain, 
  thanks to milan and mostly justified as their get sent off talents overcome any referee indecisiveness . 
  these things are too broad, 
  - lichtsteiner being a prick in the box, 
  - vidal makes a wonderful tackle, 
  - match gets an unlikely hero, 
  - barcelona hit the post, 
  - commentator mentions juventus were in serie b, 
  - also says juve were disgraced for match fixing, 
  de vrij and stootman show otherwise . 
  he 'll get away with it , there will be no real consequences , juve fans will still love him , ... sorry canada, 
  yup thats why even with all the shit man . 
  city is often getting as an oil pumped newly rich club i like them more than man . 
  united or arsenal for example . 
  their fans just seem more modest , respectful and chill that you ca n't really enjoy if they get knocked out by some smaller club like basel, 
  yeah he was impressive for genoa but he 's still just a one season wonder , those signings often do n't work very well . 
  also de rossi one against man united, 
  yup they had a good season , totti was scoring all the time , were flying high in cl ... and than just got hammered by you in the return leg so for me that game and goal really went into my memory . 
  another one similary useless was that volley from huntelaar against real madrid , complete stunner yet they were also down 6-0 . 
  do n't be silly there are superior and inferior dialects of every language . 
  you do know thats exactly why they signed him right ? 
  copa america is the poor man 's european championship, 
  yeah but at least you guys are n't literally poor, 
  he 's in uae, 
  i guess you do n't know much about eastern europe in the 90s , it likely cska sofia was one of those many things sold during that period under sketchy circumstances through that 's just my feeling . 
  as for italian and english clubs go they 've mostly been privately owned almost from the very begging . 
  well napoli also went completely bust but they managed to become a big club again so they could take some lessons from there . 
  i 'm sure its not the end of cska sofia , they only need to get some more competent owners with a plan how to get back up . 
  well you 'll be able to see that next year , frosinone is coming to san siro in real life, 
  i really do n't want anyone from the `` negative goal difference '' juve,
