  plus already the belief that the currency in which single units are worth more than in some other currency is stronger/better is just silly . 
  actually in 1950 1 # was worth about 3 $ and almost 12 german marks ( which were later in 1999 converted as 2dm = 1 $ ) . 
  but then higher inflation in next decades depleted it 's value . 
  looks too french , is that why they changed it ? 
  do n't worry people here will mostly act like slovenes do : hate and discriminate against all 3 bosnian ethnic groups in a completely equal way . 
  tell me serb did your people always look like the turks or only after they had some fun with your women . 
  too low ? 
  you alright mate , if you need to let off steam find some albanians or something ... 
  europe can not into snow , but kebabland can ? , what is this sorcery ? 
  also lopata seems like a pretty widespead word , slavic influence stong in romania !, 
  i have and i must be one of the few that read it with a lot of reserve and disagreement . 
  the author is a typical idealogue and just sees things from one perspective that fit her political views . 
  also calling pinochet neoliberal is like calling hitler a social-democrat because he supported increased government spending . . 
  what ? 
  what 's with the belief that too write such things you must be an evil man and not just someone who has made such opinions based on his research and experience ? 
  again as i said : even if you do n't agree with someone and believe his ideas are badly argumented , why the belief that he must be an evil man who only cares about the interests of few to write such things ? 
  too many times simple ad hominem attacks seem fully acceptable against people that support something not very popular on internet sites like this one and i hate it . 
  i do n't really understand the comic . 
  are they hating on spain ? 
  i do n't think there are any anti-spanish feelings in europe , maybe just a lack of respect for them and a belief they 're a nation of forest gump like well-meaning idiots that need constant help . 
  ah the author expained it . 
  must be the lack of sleep today as i swear i 'm not that slow-minded . 
  must say you 've set the standards high , breaking the 5 mil record will be a no easy task even for experinced kebeb removers like serbia . 
  ah not this presenting goldman sachs as the root of all evil again and everyone that worked there too . 
  draghi pretty much kept italy afloat during the peak of the crisis , if there would be a more hardcore ecb president ( like some german members  , italy would already need a bailout or default on its debt . 
  i 'm calling you a liar . 
  c'mon admit you made that up , it 's just a mix of sterotypical stuff very unlikely to happen all together an american would say to pretend he has a knowledge about what people in europe think . 
  also i do n't think a 35 + year old man would use the word lulworthy , try harder next time . 
  wow one of the most impressive comics i 've seen , love all the details in it . 
  and this kind of noisy americans really seem disturbingly common , did us get a bit too much italian immigrants in the past or why did they become like that ? 
  nationalism ,, 
  genociding other nations ,, 
  heavy smokers ,, 
  can not into eu, 
  you are just meant for each other , why do the serbs refuse to realize that and keep hating on you is beyond me, 
  i think chile is doing quite well , much better then the more leftist south american nations . 
  friedman was n't the one to come up with the coup 'd etat anyway . 
  it was almost always a term used for the least developed countries , maybe not in its original meaning but surely the popular meaning it got afterwards . 
  so its still a valid thing . 
  row , row , row boat , gently down stream , pain , anguish , rape , malnourish , potato only dream . 
  no he 's not . 
  i can tell a real austrian from the size of his habsburg jaw , alaba just does n't seem inbreed enough . 
  argentina is such a strange country , it manages to somehow fail again and again against all odds ( plenty of natural resources , founded and populated by european colonialists , no major wars/conflicts , ... ), 
  i think many people just think the transition should be better planned and done more gradually than it was , not that the power of the white rhodesian regime should be indefinitely maintained . 
  just giving the power to mugabe and hoping for the best was pretty much the worst solution the international community could come up with . 
  nah , most or even perhaps all europe is pretty much like that , it 's how we roll ... 
  you 're deluded , nobody wants you in the union any more then in the past , possibly even less now because of the re-islamization and all that . 
  also jealous of your economy ? 
  get a grip man , you likely drank too much tea . 
  i thought iran said he 's broke ( which is kinda true ) , the positioning there is a bit weird . 
  are you serious ? 
  wars were massively destructive far before napoleon , from the hundred years ' war or thirty years ' war in which many towns/villages were pillaged and destroyed to numerous peasant revolts , religious conflicts , famines and disease outbreaks . 
  the definition of instability you just wrote is perfectly describing a large part of european pre-industrial society . 
  i 'm not sure what your agenda is , but it sure like is n't willing to adjust to the historical reality . 
  it is true that many wars back then were just minor disputes over territory or other things and involved only small armies that did n't cause much destruction even if they could brew into something much larger , but this is something that has also existed in the modern age . 
  take for example the [ sino-indian war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-indian_war ) , [ indo-pakistani war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indo-pakistani_war_of_1971 ) or the [ yom kippur war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yom_kippur_war ) among others . 
  none of them were all-out total wars they could be but short conflicts close to the description of the officer 's wars you mentioned . 
  overall i do n't see things have changed that much , religious conflicts are still there but have luckily ( for us ) moved from europe to the middle east/africa and smaller national wars have become more rare because of variety of reasons but that 's about it . 
   nothing makes me identify with muslims or feel even the slightest sense of empathy or tolerance for their belief system, 
  and this is from your other post, 
   i 'll take a society that tolerates alcohol use over a society that tolerates divorce , contraception , recreational sex , abortion , homosexualism and atheism , thank you very much . 
  you clearly have moral beliefs closer to those that exist in muslim countries than the ones held by majority of europeans yet you 're somehow afraid of them and worried they 'll infest this continent with your own values . 
  if some completely unlikely scenario about which you fantasize really happens and religious/cultural conflict returns to europe i sure wo n't trust caricatures of hardcore right-wingers like you where their allegiances really lie . 
  and i sure damn hope you do n't call yourself a patriot or something if you ca n't accept the political wishes of the majority of your fellow countrymen and rather name that a `` illegitimate dictatorship of the stupid '' . 
  also how nicely that you completely changed the subject and ignored all the things about total war being the only possible way of war in the present times . 
  european checking in . 
  this is gon na be an easy victory for tina and another medal for the glorious slovene nation , 
  yes ! . 
  damn i was nervous in the last 30 sec . 
  tina is really incredible . 
  funny how i noticed the austrian television cut short the hockey match between austria-slovenia possibly because they were getting steamrolled just so they had to watch another defeat for them :p, 
  today was a good day, 
  i 've already heard that several times , why are americans so bothered with sponsor ads on football/soccer jerseys ? 
  they are n't even that noticeable , especially compared to say those on nascar cars that are really just all over the place . 
  i guess we all just prefer to what we 're used to . 
  `` russians '', 
   most winter sports are a tradition only in germanic countries . 
  they also have plenty of tradition in france , italy and many slavic countries . 
  aye , ante is pretty infamous for such courses but i kinda understand him . 
  ivica kosteli\u0107 strongly defended him on the croatian tv ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9tnc3mfwlu ) and it 's a real shame it 's not translated into english so others could understand his arguments . 
  basically he is saying the world cup slaloms have become a repetitive routine in which skiers just run down an easy course at full speed without having to put much effort . 
  that has undermined all the old reputation about the difficulty of the discipline and reduced the people 's interest about it . 
  so he wanted olympic slalom to be a real challenging event that would require the competitors to show all the technical skills they have . 
  actually this is a common thing that the course is set by a trainer of a specific team who 'd likely want to set it up so that it benefits his country 's competitors . 
  it all balances out in the long run and this time it was ante 's turn so there is n't something specially weird about that . 
  you forgot a typical israeli tourist :, 
   comes to an expensive hotel in a high-class car like mercedes, 
   tries to bargain the price down by a few euros . 
  you like them because you 're australian , for the more calm introverted european types they can be damn annoying ... :p, 
  i agree, 
  remove mailander remove mailander you are worst italianer . 
  you are idiot smell , haha go back to sicilia , to your precious sicilia counsins . 
  we will never forgive yue , 2005 final best day of my life , turin + munchen + wien + roma = kill mailand , turk lombard stink may live in zoo haha, 
  are you really from haiti ? 
  can you do any voodoo magic ? 
  no according to them we are probably alpine nazi serbs in denial . 
   i really do n't know which is worse . 
  russians . 
  * otherwise that long journey slavic ancestors made to come here would seem as stupid and pointless as old european immigration to indiana . 
  nice , i remember i made a screenshot when the sub hit 40.000 subscribers .
