hello , this is my first comic so be gentle on me , 
  as you might have heard nokia 's mobile division was bought by microsoft yesterday . 
  this caused lots of controversy in finland and throughout europe where nokia had many loyal customers in the past . 
  there is a belief that this was planned years ago and was executed the old fashioned trojan horse way , but i wont ' bore you with that so hitler can brief you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jswidx5dxm, 
  thanks , my next comic is going to feature sloveniaball and will hopefully be quite funny . 
  haha , this is genious . 
  got ta love these balkan comics . 
  ok so i decided to make a little comic about my country . 
  here are some of the explanations for it, 
  locals here love to pick mushrooms in the forests and they want to keep those to themselves so they sometimes make up news there are bears wandering around even in areas they are uncommon . 
  and you know how much city folk and the soft italians are afraid of the friggin ' bears !, 
  also czech people are known to go unprepared to the alps and then die off there in droves . 
  well at least that 's the stereotype . 
  slovenia really has one military ship , here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_patrol_boat_triglav . 
  that is one more than austria and hungary have , hehe . 
  until the property bubble burst , there have been many bosnian construction workers here that worked for low wages in almost slave like conditions . 
  we love basketball and there is a lot of excitment over the eurobasket slovenia is hosting right now . 
  perhaps because we are of relevant in it , 
  nice comic, 
  ah \u0161imuni\u0107 , the legend that got 3 yellow cards in one match , 
  ok i 've made it into more gibberish sounding . 
  tell me if it 's postable now, 
  ok so i decided to make a little comic about my country . 
  here are some of the explanations for it, 
  locals here love to pick mushrooms in the forests and they want to keep those to themselves so they sometimes make up news there are bears wandering around even in areas they are uncommon . 
  and you know how much city folk and the soft italians are afraid of the friggin ' bears !, 
  also czech people are known to go unprepared to the alps and then die off there in droves . 
  well at least that 's the stereotype . 
  slovenia really has one military ship , here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_patrol_boat_triglav . 
  that is one more than austria and hungary have , hehe . 
  until the property bubble burst , there have been many bosnian construction workers here that worked for low wages in almost slave like conditions . 
  we love basketball and there is a lot of excitment over the eurobasket slovenia is hosting right now . 
  perhaps because we are of relevant in it , 
  the gun on it works , that 's what 's important !, 
  alright my new comic . 
  in brief : the ecuador government told the international community ( which normally means western countries and east asia ) that if they collect enough money and give it to them , they wo n't allow drilling for oil in their natural reserve . 
  i thought that was pretty hilarious , i mean i love nature and would like if those forests stay protected but you ca n't do that by relying on good will of people around the world hoping they care more about your nature then you care yourself . 
  i know these things happen common but do you really think paying farmers not to grow certain crops is okay economics and not just a way with which many will game the system ? 
  plus ecuadorian president is playing the innocent victim without a choice while he is whoring himself out voluntarily . 
  money from natural resources or international aid has rarely enabled third world countries to get out of poverty while getting a government with responsible and pragmatic policies has ,, 
  i agree with you that there is a lot of money waste in eu spending and that eu institutions are definitely in need of reforms that would make them more democratic and efficient . 
  but i do n't like how the eu `` gravy train '' is often used as an argument for leaving or disbanding the union . 
  when uk was hit by the parliament expenses scandal some time ago i did n't hear any person proposing that his region should leave the uk , so they wo n't have to pay for the wasteful and corrupt london government . 
  why is that ? 
  well even with all the arguments that support either the pro or anti-eu stance , in the end it all boils down to the question of personal identity . 
  germans , french , dutch , italians , ... are n't less eurosceptic than british people because they 're more ignorant of eu 's shortcomings , they just have a stronger european identity so in those countries they mostly see commission or europarliament as things that need to be fixed and improved , not just simply abolished . 
  it 's similar to spain where lots of people think the madrid government is incompetent , yet only catalonia , the region with the strongest regional identity has a serious separatist movement , while other feel more spanish and want changes within the current country . 
  i respect how you feel about your personal identity and understand it , uk is a pretty unique county , but you also have to understand that many people are n't so strict about national independence and are in favour of more decisions made at a common european level . 
  it 's not about that eu is some powerful thing that stops wars with a push of a button , but what the policies that eu has established ( free travel , trade and the general interconnection between countries ) have done to the mentality of the people . 
  you might think of ww1 as some war between stupid kings and politicians they brought on europeans against their will , but in reality nationalism was so strong at that time people wanted to go to war , be the heroes of their country and help defeat the nation they hated themselves . 
  that 's a lot different than today when the height of this type of aggression is visiting the neighbouring nation , making a few jokes about the people there and complaining about the inferiority of their beer . 
  and if you think this is the case of 21 . century world in general you have n't much idea about the situation in the middle east or asia . 
  and nato was only able to stop the war in the balkans after many dozen of thousand of people were already killed so you can imagine what chance would it have to stop the war between germany and france if they decided to clash again before both countries destroy each other . 
  turkey is not european , they 're a middle-eastern country that has occupied a part of europe . 
  it is sad how homophobic the times is ; good thing there are still civil british newspapers that support the gay rights movement :p, 
  croatia do n't anger the master !, 
  now come with me , we can harvest the grapes together as you 've got still a lot to learn, 
  why are there never any danes in these comments that would defend their country against evil swedes ? 
  does dickrhino just ban any danish person that comes here ? 
  ( or have they really been all thrown in volcanoes ), 
  the alien will hear the dutchman speak . 
  his ears will take so much pain he will quickly escape earth never to seen again . 
  haha great serbia gone , now just belgrade pashalik that can not into see or world cup . 
  you worst turk in denial , so poor other kebab must pay your denbts http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/12/us-serbia-borrowing-idusbre98b14z20130912, 
  ah sorry serb , but if we want to be serfs under someone we 'll rather choose someone who can actually pay us something :p, 
  most horrible things that happened during world history were n't really caused by `` greed '' but more by people putting irrational feelings ahead of their real practical self-interests . 
  i mean i think we south-slavs are nice and friendly people but we are commonly sort of emotionally unstable and irrational which can often lead to problems . 
  also for many slovenes like me serbia just seems as a bit of an unknown faraway land while austria and northeast italy seem close and familiar . 
  there just is n't any real strong identity that could hold yugoslavia together . 
  poland will into space someday , she just has to deal with some ancient japanese queen goddess that is keeping her from leaving this planet first . 
  you know you can combine those two things and play chetniks and partisans with - airsoft guns ! . 
  trust me it 's a lot of fun , 
  through here in slovenia one side was playing germans instead of chetniks and was expected to yell around german phrases . 
  you could also make the image a bit bigger than 500x250 pixles, 
  because of this commercial  http://i.imgur.com/dz5aa.png, 
  bosnia 's scientific name is eu satellite ba b1992-01 \u0107evapi . 
  so it may be a part of eu in a certain way . 
  through we have n't much explored our new natural satellite and it still remains unknown if civilization exists there . 
  you give em a dolla , he 's gonn assume you got more !, 
  do n't worry mate , common feelings of negativism are in our european blood . 
  but next time that thing hits ya just wait until it passes instead of spreading the disease around , 
  wait i do n't get it , why is america sad and who took her sunglasses ? 
  [ it 's beautiful !, 
  so how many `` true '' spaniards even are there , it seems almost every region tries to have some special identity . 
  you probably need some civic patriotism cause becoming like balkans is a bad idea . 
  well denmark you never know when will some tank come along your way and you 'll have to explain to its commander how do you get to kopenhagen . 
  so its useful to know some german . 
  then there is also the weird [ english mamma boy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_milan ) that is causing problem in scotland right now, 
  wait what ? 
  that name for croats is known even in chile ? 
  thats cool . 
   but why are n't you in chile right now , do n't you have summer there right now , you should enjoy it instead of enduring this cold weather right here  and if you learn slovene you can also kinda understand croatian , serbian , bosnian and montenegrin !, 
  you 'll be a real multilingual genious then like all south slavs are , 
  well yes it 's a funny modern problem russian nationalists face , they want great russia that includes all the current and former possesions , yet to see that moscow , st. petersburg ... stay ethnically `` clean '' . 
  100 years ago they could have both as crappy transport made migrations within the country hard , but these days i 'd take some weird hardcore autocratic measures to prevent some of your citizens to freely migrate between regions . 
  ok i understand , but since english knows only one word for both things i think it 's still valid to call chechens russians just like south tyrolians are italians even if they 're not ethnically italian . 
  silly bulgar all proud right now while tommorow you 'll be like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ) , 
  i hope you 're not one of those grumpy negativistic `` i dont ' lack anything yet can not into happiness '' middle-class austrians yourself , i 've met quite a couple of them and gosh are they annoying in an overall beautiful country , 
  the economical illiteracy of some people can be really amusing . 
  for some commodities that 's true , but mostly because of higher vat and other specific reasons not because the exchange rate is `` incorrect '' .
