  except that trips agreement requires signatories to respect foreign ip . 
  besides reading further into it , and unless you can cite specific laws that override wto agreements the non-commercial sharing is still illegal in portugal , it 's just that a prosecutors [ expressed an opinion ] ( http://torrentfreak.com/file-sharing-for-personal-use-declared-legal-in-portugal-120927/ ) that went unchallenged . 
  either that or portugal is actively disregarding obligations to the agreement they signed . 
  edit : unless i 'm reading their ruling entirely wrong and they only wished to reaffirm that using bittorrent and similar protocols is legal . 
  see [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berne_three-step_test ) . 
  under this principle , sharing movies is not non-commercial use . 
  i 'd imagine the deal heavily favors portuguese . 
  and did americans really say they are alright with not respecting their rights when materials are shared for non-commercial purposes ? 
  us is n't obliged to make those distinctions when dealing with outside entities . 
  the flow of ip that falls into this ` non-commercial ' category ( movies , tv , music , software , etc ) is heavily skewed into one direction - most of it goes from us to portugal , not much of portuguese movies will reach american audiences , so it 's us who 's losing money but are at the same time still respecting portuguese ip . 
   stallman is consequential and thorough in his defense of what he preachs he 's widely recognized as a highly polarizing figure , that should tell you about how much his thoughts should be accepted as universal and quotable truth . 
   which is hardly the definition of `` retard '' [ foot cheese ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i25uevxrehq ) is only the tip of the iceberg . 
   only through a massive process of brainwashing `` i 'm going to divide work into two categories by an arbitrary parameter , by which one category of work will be declared not worthy of being paid for for no apparent reason . 
  let 's pick ` work that leaves physical material in different states ' as that parameter , for no apparent reason '' . 
  that 's the entirety of your argument . 
   what has been commonplace throughout all of history yea , rape and pillaging has been extremely commonplace throughout history too , does n't mean it 's right thing to do or that history should be our compass on which we should construct our moral arguments . 
   how can you call stealing the act by which you obtain something without depriving anyone else of it ? 
  you are stealing the investment that went into creation of that intellectual property . 
   voluntary and consented sharing of something amongst any number of individuals should never be a matter in which the state interferes however you do n't own ip , you own a license to a piece of ip that you agreed to before you purchased that license - it 's a form of contract . 
  a close analogy are bank loans - a bank loan is a contract that you agree to with a bank by which you receive a sum of money . 
  if you bail out of that contract ( by perhaps inventing an arbitrarily ridiculous reason in the same vein as you did with copyright ) then you are de facto robbing a bank and the role of the state is here the same . 
   natural liberty ? 
  pretty good indication of when a discussion has turned to shit . 
  if natural rights were real thing then they would be universally apparent . 
  so how come native americans living before columbus would n't recognize your right to own a car ? 
   in which way does not being able to name a new commercially distributed soda `` coke '' , harm my freedom as copyright enforcement does ? 
  wot ? 
  copyright enforcement harms you only as much as it punishes your immoral behavior , that is it does n't harm you . 
   state granted monopoly somehow i doubt you 'd enjoy living in a society where any kind of investments or contractual agreements were impossible to make because of people like you who felt they are n't to be obliged to honor them . 
   benefit business savvy creatives who do shit art/music lol yea only indies can do proper music ... go rant somewhere else, 
  both is theft of intellectual property , and these agreements work tit for tat . 
  us is n't somehow obliged to respect the convoluted nonsensical reasoning for the distinctions you want to introduce . 
  eh , stallman is a retard who is right sometimes but at other times he rants complete nonsense . 
  and yea , by quoting him you have n't proven why they are different or why us should take them differently . 
   trademarks and patents have nothing to do with copyright . 
  both are intellectual work . 
  except for music and video people invent convoluted schemes for why not paying for someone 's work is ok , but if somebody makes a physical object most people would object to the outright theft of the design . 
  i wonder if portugal would like it if us returned the favor and legalized wholesale unlicensed use of any ip portuguese companies have produced , starting with patents and industrial knowledge . 
   and ca n't even affect . 
  [ you \\* must \\* watch this interview . 
  pt1 ] ( http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/mon-september-16-2013/exclusive---robert-reich-extended-interview-pt--1 ) [ , pt2 ] ( http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/mon-september-16-2013/exclusive---robert-reich-extended-interview-pt--2 ) . 
  they did n't ? 
  it was snowden who revealed it , not some internal investigation . 
   or just do n't use the internet ...  since i 've stopped using the internet , i have much more time to tend to the garden then what the fuck are you doing here ? 
  besides , why stop at internet when you can live without electricity like a caveman . 
  i 'm geographically defected ( cs type ) so i 'm not really an expert . 
  in lower carniola ( southern slovenia ) , especially near the town called novo mesto there is what you could only describe as slum and you get something similar to what you got in romania or bulgaria . 
  the difference is only that there are less roma living here ( couple hundred ) so they do n't stand out as much . 
  however there are wild wild stories from people of novo mesto , i usually take them with a grain of salt ( to preserve my own sanity . . ) but they often come from otherwise very trustworthy people so there must be some shit going down . 
  the other group , i think in styria and carinthia ( northern slovenia ) it 's complete opposite and they even hate other roma from the south , they live in nice houses and are otherwise orderly . 
  you see them on tv only if there 's some cultural event about roma people or stuff like that . 
   they might also be unrepresentative of european gypsies probably . 
  in slovenia there are two ( geographically separated ) groups of roma , one is well integrated and while they keep their identity they do n't cause any problems and the other one lives in tents or villages that look like third world slums and they generally cause various kinds of trouble . 
  in the past a boat ticket to cross atlantic costed a small fortune and in modern times usa does n't let just anyone in so i 'd imagine it 's always been hard to get citizenship if you came out of a tent . 
  well fuck you too . 
  `` i reserve the right to regulate how you communicate '' . 
  fascist . 
   lead to a dictatorship ? 
  as a minarchist i do n't think governments should have the right to shit on laws however they please . 
  there should be a leash - adding rules to the internet , a medium that should be international and free , is not something individual countries should be allowed to touch . 
  in the narrowest sense this law is far from dictatorship , but broadly - dictatorship is about being able to set arbitrarily retarded laws and getting away with it . 
  [ and seawater . 
  ugh that annoys me so much . 
  oracle is n't destroying natural environment or other public good so stop nannying eu and let the free market decide . 
  i can still choose ibm/microsoft/foss . 
  besides with licenses being full of other arbitrary rules and being otherwise very contract-like it seems awful arbitrary to remove that arbitrary right from ip owners . 
  jebus knows eu has some extremely retarded laws , what with rampant protectionism and various guilds littering all over with ad hoc laws . 
  or maybe that 's just my ancap brainwashing acting out . 
   anti-second hand market policies is there any reasoning behind that or is it that you think it 's too greedy ( which i agree with , not that they should be punished for it , let the free market decide ) . 
  the way i see it is that one could very easily argue that games are like movie tickets - you ca n't resell a ticket after you 've watched the movie as that ticket is ` spent ' by then . 
  that being said , i fully expect microsoft to sell games for $ 60 and do that and i 'll stay on my steam and pay quarter of that price . 
  i just hate microsoft going in flames like that . 
   if 90 % of those in the falklands wanted to be argentinian they would be what would you say about american civil war ? 
  i think us was in the right to claim rebel states . 
  ( not that i 'm agreeing with the ` serbian side ' , why ca n't people just be nice ?? ), 
   now you 're thinking with powder \u2122, 
  i 'll switch from amazon.com to amazon.co.uk and amazon.de . 
  fairies . 
  i drink both , coffee for a quick start or after meal to compensate for food making me sleepy , tea to keep me going . 
   also , drinking tea from a glass . 
  have they no shame ?? 
  seriously , are you british nobility ? 
  maybe afghanistan was * exactly * like mali . 
  how smart of them that they 've notified the internet of the impending raid . 
   explains why creators still would be able to make money when we legalise all non-commercial file sharing . 
  he does n't give any kind of proof that the same amounts of money will be made , only that some money will be made , which is always true . 
  it 's all very hand-wavy . 
  if it worked for him that does n't mean when scaled an entire economy could work on that model . 
  it 's like viral marketing , it will work only first few times , then people get bored of or learn the trick i.e. 
  it works on smaller scale or under special conditions . 
  in any case , the model your website describes is already feasible in current system , so i do n't see why we would have to change the rules for everyone . 
   giving up on some democratic values what bout gaining some non-aggression values . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  they are new , apparently nobody explained them the customs . 
   what 's your point ? 
  that you are n't the authority on associations . 
  it 's a false comparison , red star was pretty much invention of russian revolution while the cross has a few hundred years of history going back to knights templar . 
   but nice sarcastic remark , you might get the hang of it without the use of exclamation marks one day . 
  just wanted to emulate your screaming , `` the daily mail '' understanding of what are `` common '' associations . 
   pretty acceptable to associate it it 's derived from templar cross and it predates nazis by several governments , but that 's fine .
