could n't agree more . 
  nobody would go to west because of their ` civil liberties ' you 'd see streams of people coming from united arab emirates , qatar and saudi arabia otherwise . 
  you are not the boss of me . 
   we have only been ` actively fighting ' them for a matter of weeks isis , formerly known as al-quaeda in iraq ( aqi ) , is 10 years old . 
  irc uk did join us in the invasion of iraq . . 
  from what i 've seen from vice 's videos fsa does n't really want foreign fighters . 
  wanted to thank you guys for inventing the burek , but wikipedia says that turkey was responsible for its invention . 
  so thank you turkey . 
  had to be said . 
  wikipedia also says that burek is popular in balkans and some countries with muslim population , which makes me wonder if there are equivalents in other european countries for this cheesy fast food delight . 
   let 's ask our polish , czech or baltic friends about how well it worked for them . 
  they were n't in nato in 1945 . 
   can putin take eu country if he threatens to use nukes ? 
  probably not . 
  nobody wants to explore that . 
  getting you into eu would get us closer to finding this out . 
   all the nations of the world need to work 24/7 to destroy this fucker and his nuclear arsenal immediately . 
  that 's pretty much impossible . 
  until americans get those airborne gigawatt lasers up , and even then it 's risky and apparently the program was cut . 
  it worked on soviets and they were far crazier than putin . 
  also that 's not appeasing , right now we are n't in the state of war , if ukraine joined we would be . 
  the solution is not to let ukraine receive armed protection , it 's to change russia from inside . 
  if it takes another 70 years then so be it , because i really like my ljubljana unirradiated . 
   and you are suggesting to deny all these people european choice yes . 
  we do n't like wars with nuclear states . 
  if ukraine joined eu/nato they would be de facto in the state of war with russia and nobody in europe would want to go off their couch to fight russians . 
  best you can hope is some high tech weaponry appears in your territory like like green men appeared in crimea , or russians unfuck themselves . 
   basically just negates any point that film was trying to make . 
  point is do n't drink and drive . . panzerkampfwagen . 
   but this is * now * a problem ? 
  al-qaeda 's strategy was to get the west bankrupted and collapsed like soviet union was collapsed in afghanistan . 
  they kinda miscalculated on how sustainable us military budget can be . 
  after they were done with 9/11 and got their war they were smart enough to not repeat it a hundred times because they actually did n't wan na die by forcing america to go into 19th century all out total war mode . 
  is is n't this smart . 
  they have no plan , they kill everyone by the thousands with no plans to hide it . 
  they will sure as fuck come back to europe and us if we do n't clip them there . 
  it 's entirely different than some foreigners joining us army or french foreign legion which more than respect various international laws . 
   in my understanding the only thing illegal would be supporting the terrorist group and not the displaying of the flag . 
  but the state could understand that as support . 
  itt : europe discovering the first amendment . . 
   try going fishing , hunting , hiking . 
  yes , because 5 % of people go fishing all phones should n't have touch screens . . wat.jpg . 
  also , you forget that it 's easier to make touch screens waterproof because old phones had movable buttons that ca n't be easily sealed . 
  i do n't think i would trust it . 
  somehow i 'd expect weird , peculiar things to occur from time to time , like executables showing up on / dev/sda2 that if you ran them would start symlinking some directories back to / dev/sda1 for some unknown reason . 
  cold war 1.1 update 1 . 
  but everyone knows cp kernel version inside is still mostly the same . 
  i remember in high school we went to a local museum where they had [ celtic artefacts ] ( http://www.delo.si/druzba/znanost/kelti-na-sedanjem-slovenskem-ozemlju.html ) that were dug locally . 
  it 's weird that you guys were once all over europe , so i thought / u/sodire maybe wanted to expand back into the old clay . 
  step aside austrian , you are blocking the view !, 
  but srsly , only applies to certain austrian-carinthia types . 
  reconquer continental territories lost to romans et al ? 
  i think it will go the same as the cyprus situation , where turkey occupies one half while republic of cyprus claims the whole island . 
  unless there are riots when people get enough of putin 's bullshit and he is deposed and territories returned . 
   he 's a full believer in homeopathic medicine . 
  that is news to me . 
  how to discredit the monarchy in one step . 
  edit : suddenly [ this guy ] ( http://college-social.com/content/uploads/sites/39/2014/04/gun.jpg ) looks more regal . 
  i 'm sure the founding fathers intended the government to be able to read digital equivalents of old concepts in bulk domestically and abroad if only they yell `` lol terrorists '' while doing it . 
  i did n't realize you can take a crap on the fourth amendment if you run the text through google translate a few times . . 
  a patriot ? 
  * some * say usg is in violation of the constitution , would n't be the first time either . 
   giving ip addresses to the chinese government of computers that were hacked by the nsa as a way of getting their favor when he arrived in hong kong source ? 
   traitors that 's debatable . 
  obviously obama should just launch every icbm in the air . 
  i think he 's making borscht . 
  i think we deserve another nobel peace prize for that . 
   they 're mostly college-age libertarians [ enlighten us , o wise one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxcwefn-yym#t=103 ) . 
   do n't know anything about how the world actually works it does n't fucking matter . 
  you fucks claim that because you somehow know how the world works you have the right to impose fascism on others , and then you fuck up that part too . 
  if janitors do n't want to unionize then they can all die for all i care . 
  see , libertarianismis is not about maximising greater good , foremost it 's a moral choice of not spreading aggression . 
  [ europe , quite so !, 
   maybe lol ** maybe ** somebody should off you , for being a fucking crony fascist . 
  while we are in the south - [ the yellow rose of texas ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=larglfevyqm ), 
  i quite like [ battle hymn of the republic ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmpo0csiims ) . 
  reply to [ devy0n ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1tvgiz/talk_about_cultural_difference_calendar_by_cft/cecjcbi ) . 
   so the fact that i like seeing young beautiful women naked in a professionally made calendar suddenly makes me an unprofessional mindless drone ? 
  i did n't say that , though i thought that people will make this mistake . 
  i 'm arguing that making naked calendar is roughly the same as wearing stitched/patched trousers . 
  would you open an account at a bank where the manager wore unkempt patched pants ? 
  now you might say that wearing patched trousers is not necessarily correlated with incompetency as human intelligence can be very specific , but i 'd argue that these blunders ( i.e. 
  patched trousers or naked calendars ) nonetheless posses non-zero weight when judging overall competency as these blunders demonstrated lack of thought and if that individual or organisation missed that obvious blunder then you ca n't be sure their services or products you will be reviving would n't be full of less than obvious blunders and deficiencies . 
  or in short - naked calendar does not demonstrate lack of competency indirectly , but it does demonstrate lack of professional carefulness . 
  how do you know ? 
  maybe you 're talking to the ceo of that banking software company . 
  the sun is targeting morons . 
  morons usually do n't buy banking software . 
   predominantly heterosexual males what they are essentially saying with that calendar is that their clientele are mindless drones who would accept such unprofessionalism . 
  they better have airtight marketing whose research found that their clientele really are morons . 
  by joke do you mean slavoj ? 
   do they honestly think dictatorship is a good thing ? 
  yea . 
  there 's no logic to it . 
  `` if you did n't speak too bad about him then the government left you alone . 
  he made some moderate progress - people did n't starve . '', 
   and not only on an individual level , but on a state level , think it is brilliant to honour dictators it 's not just sebia . 
  in ljubljana ( capital city of slovenia ) where i live they renamed a road after him in 2009 . 
  thankfully that was overturned , but still what the actual fuck . 
  because half of people in former yugoslavia still think he was a ` good ' dictator instead of murderous fuck , because after 60 's he was n't as bad as other eastern dictators , ostensibly to get loans from the west which was a part of the plan to splinter communist countries .
