  i still hide my kids , wives and husbands every time i see coldstream guards , because they wear red coats which is commonly associate with colonialism ( !! ), 
  so obviously they still have bloodlust for it . . 
  [ red star ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/mikoyan-gurevich_mig-35_maks%272007_pichugin.jpg ) is still fine though . 
  supposedly all such agreements are done like that and the reason is that it avoids pressure from corporations when the current proposals do n't grant them favors less that the amount maximally imaginable . 
  it confirms my current understanding . 
  i still do n't understand the outcry . 
  if you do n't like american produce then read the fucking label and do n't buy it , easy . 
  i have n't read on it . 
  is n't it supposed to remove some tariffs between the two markets ? 
  and if so not sure why people would oppose choice . 
  thanks < 3, 
  whoooosh, 
  i would n't leave a spaniard in waiting , you know how temperamental they are . 
  tell him that also . 
   one could make the argument good thing that * one * died long ago then , but whatevs . 
  edit : meh , i fucking agree . . 
  they shoud 've gotten like a month of community work ( for hooliganism , not blasphemy , though i do n't think they were charged with that ) . 
  my comment was more in the line of ` if you go on mount everest , do n't complain about frostbite ' . . 
   pussy riot case ffs the group got exactly what they sought . 
  you should n't be allowed to do whatever the fuck you want , even for an artistic performance of dubious value . 
   i want to hire them . 
  which costs couple 100k per song . 
  you do n't have that kind of money to spend on individual songs . 
   because that is just information . 
  and those are just words . 
  everyone knows that every through or intellectual work is isomorphic to [ natural numbers ] ( g\u00f6del numbering ) - or information . 
  does n't mean that the same rules that apply to small numbers should necessarily apply to ones with much bigger entropy . 
   even if this means ip producers get a smaller guarantee that they will get compensated ( which i do n't think it will mean ) . 
  it 's my belief that when nobody has to pay anything to get a copy the potential producers would stop producing because they would know the significant investment needed would not be compensated later through licensing deals . 
   as long as the main system for funding is copyright , they are n't going to show their full potential . 
  it 's like saying ` as long as bourgeois are oppressing proletariat the full potential of communism will not be shown ' . 
  there are a lot of parallels between those two totalitarian groups , maybe we should explore them . 
  you have some vague ideas , some sudo-science , no idea if it would work out , and you 're ready to change the system , possibly plunging it into another 50 years of grayness . 
  i 'm sorry , but i come from a european country that was until 90 's ruled by communists , and i 'm very weary of anyone claiming to know solutions coming with poorly defined reasoning and wanting to change the entire system . 
   people are in the mindset of the copyright payment system , when we switch this will change . 
  and in the communal world where all property ( not just intellectual one ) was shared things just fell apart for some reason . 
  guess communists were one step ahead of file-sharing types . 
   sharing and incentive are n't mutually exclusive . 
  for exhibitionist youtube-type of feces creations - no , for multi-million dollar investment - yes . 
   for some reason this is the important part to everyone . 
  it should n't be . 
  our civil rights and the preserwation of these is the important part . 
  i do n't care . 
  you want people to share stuff , so you want to increase personal liberties while i care about economy more ( i would prefer if people suffer if only i could see humankind flying in spaceships in next 40 years ) . 
  guess we have different priorities . 
  it 's my opinion that the economy would decline if your ideas were implemented , it 's up to you to convince me that this is not the case . 
   i am 95 % convinced that legalising i 'm only interested in a formal proof , and not in the slightest in ` gut feelings ' . 
   instead of those facilitating and publishing and marketing and all that maybe marketing people are actually producing value because the internet nullified most of the value the original product . 
  that is , the original product ( songs ) does n't feed the authors anymore ( because of p2p ) , the main products has become marketing . 
   would result in more incentive ( because more money ) i do n't know where from . 
  walk me through it , seriously . 
  if all ip protections were abolished , why would masses want to pay for anything if they could get it for free . 
   but that would mean they start paying more , it would seem . 
  not everything can be pirated and there are certain types of conveniences and general ease of mind when buying things . 
  again your conjecture is rather hand-wavy . 
  pirates paying more is probably a result of pirates being more tech-savvy , so there 's a hidden variable here . 
  i still do n't see how less protection would lead to more spending . 
   most pirates are not cheap leeches . 
  a few pirates download everything and pay nothing . 
  i call leeching ( in the p2p/torrent context ) ` pirating pirates ' and do n't recognize any further harm than the original pirating has already accomplished . 
   but the only way that music will be created is if the creators get paid , they are going to pay . 
  things are n't willed into existence . 
   i really like game of thrones , and the worst thing about watching it is that there is no way of giving money to the creators . 
  they want me to get a subscription , or possibly buy dvds or other stupid things like that . 
  i just want to give the hard working people some money . 
  i agree that the current forms of * legal * media distribution are totally and comprehensively fucked up . 
   almost all of it , yes , but you still need to use your hands . 
  which is n't the bottleneck , the work is 95 % intellectual . 
   they get a lot of the money , but the work they are doing is not needed . 
  so you think that there is a worldwide conspiracy , probably enforced by governments ( how else would it work ? ), 
  that are thwarting free market economics , one of whose basic tenets is cutting costs / cutting out middle men ? 
  surely a conspiracy of ` rothschild ' proportions ? 
   no rights are natural . 
  thus you should agree that there 's no a priori overriding reasoning why your desire to not pay for someone else 's intellectual work should take precedence as a government given right over desires of authors of intellectual products to receive compensation for their work ? 
   so you pay for a copy . 
  no , you pay for a license . 
  always has been that way . 
  if you paid for a copy then you could freely resell copies of it . 
  you are licensed to consume ( play , watch , read , etc ) a copy of that work . 
   when file sharing is illegal our rights are being threatened . 
  you already admitted that there are no natural rights , thus you have only the rights governments granted you . 
  thus you are then forced to argue why it is fair/moral/good for you to have an overriding right of sharing ip over a right of ip producers to get compensation . 
   people spend money on kickstarter and flattr . 
  people spent jackshit on both of those and both of those have yet to come with with results that can compete with the conventional forms of financing . 
  furthermore a model that produced a few small successes should n't be applied to a multi-trillion dollar economy without rigorously studying it first . 
   sharing information is a great thing . 
  having no incentive to produce intellectual work is n't so great . 
  again it 's up to you to make a rigorous proof of why in the world in which there is no ip protection the production of new intellectual work would not decrease . 
   we know that works sorta . 
  the flagship of foss - linux is produced by corporations most of which sell products that are not opensource ( ibm - all of their hardware , google - web search engine is proprietary ) . 
  redhad is an exception , but that 's because linux is so convoluted it needs support , or in other words - they are not fixing the system because they have an agenda of selling you support services . 
  perhaps in the future we should refer to them as ` the so called pirate party ' or ` the `` pirate '' party ' to avoid the confusion . 
   programming is working with your hands . 
  most decidedly is not . 
  unless you count in that the menial work like web development . 
  programming is intellectual work , the keyboard is only a conduit through which we transfer that intellectual work . 
   actually working on the actual music and software receive a bigger part of the money unions are not illegal . 
   a method where we do n't lose our rights self-given and not natural . 
   we force everyone to pay if they want a copy you do n't pay for a copy , you pay for a right to play a copy . 
  it 's a form of contract much in the same way a car loan is a form of a contract .
