  to get rid of them as they were not interested in moving on . 
  stop being a fake white knight and stop playing the racist card at everyone that has another opinion than you . 
  there 's a criminal tendency within big roma \\ sinti groups , but i think everybody knows that not everyone of them is a criminal !, 
  well he 's as far as i know a very well educated man and a former fsb agent , right ? 
  merkel grew up in east germany and therefore had to learn russian in school . 
  schroeder and putin were \\ are buddies and now schroeder is working for a russian oil company ... . . 
  so yeah , he got that going for himself ... ps : sorry if my english is broken but i got some crazy flu that interferes with my brain : /, 
  thanks , 
  yeah , we 're pretty uncomfortable with our history and that is good but i do n't take any blame for what happend even before my parents lived so all the nazi jokes do not affect me . 
  on the other hand , being called a nazi because i 'm a german citizen is kinda frustrating and i hope we can get over that in the next few years !, 
  btw do you know from what part in germany that girl in your class is from ? 
  when i was 12 , i did some kind of 2 week exchange program in south england . 
  english teenagers attacked us with fists \\ brooms and spit at us claiming we germans are nazis and not welcome there . 
  so i dunno , maybe it 's a bit of racism, 
  it 's fascinating how similar a lot of european languages are , but still it is hard to communicate with each other !, 
  cyganie sounds like zigeuner in german, 
  the chemicals that were sold to syria are not only existing to produce sarin !, 
  merkel fucked up and i 'm honestly ashamed that other countries have to deal with that now . 
  sorry guys !, 
  ah let 's be honest here , a majority wo n't earn jackshit the first few years . 
  i wish you the best with your studies !, 
  oh no worries , i know about that . 
  i do n't want to sneak into a society , i 'll earn it . 
  frenchmen , you wan na go this road ? 
  sweet , hungary is of best friend bavaria, 
  sweden , promised land !, 
  germany , austria and hungary is baaaaad , am scared of future, 
  what qualifications are needed ? 
  love cheeseburger and guns, 
  erm , shieeeet, 
  oh yeah , i forgot affirmative action . 
  funny how most minorities rot in their ghettos but one in 100 got to attend university . 
  get a grip dude, 
  no humour , only work . 
  when can i come over ? 
  bullshit and you know that, 
  so much bullshit you do n't get shit in the states , especially when you are n't an american . 
  get the fuck outta here, 
  fuck i hate my own country !, 
  does anyone accept me as an `` refugee '' ? 
  i 'm somewhat funny and can drink like a machine . 
  adopt a german , it is good karma, 
  actually most syrians are sunni , mate, 
  actually i 'd say the middle east needs to get its shit together . 
  what does the world expect europe to do ? 
  rent airplanes and fly everyone who feels like leaving right into europe ? 
  it is sad that so many people die while fleeing but they made that decision by themselves . 
  i would n't mind either tbh . 
  let 's make it happen , 
  let 's make that a threesome !, 
  general loneliness and a bit too much fucked up porn i 'd say, 
  she can be my baby mama, 
  gut !, 
  i 'd buy one !, 
  shit , that would be awesome !, 
  these are only numbers for daesh , i 'd love to see numbers for salafist groups and jan. 
  haha great :d, 
  actually it is `` das vaterland '' , 
  haha oh well , someone will be excited about this , 
  i think this picture was photoshopped, 
  while i thought about franconia when writing that flair , austria is ok too !, 
  my grandparents hosted two families from the czech republic and the kids of the family are still in contact with them . 
  whoopsie daisey , i was talking about that women from the article . 
  her job was deemed important enough to get her an official pr-account . 
  actually i think it is a good thing that this stuff gets posted , because what she is doing is also unacceptable !, 
  she is so far on the other side of the discussion that she starts to be racist too, 
  i only know about german media \\ politicians and behavior like that would ( rightfully ) mean political suicide and honestly i ca n't think about a case like that in the last few years . 
  while i do n't know if this hashtag is used mostly in a humorous way or not , i do n't think it is appropriate to use it with an official account . 
  edit : especially when your job description has the word diversity in it . 
  i hope you understand where i 'm coming from, 
  does it ? 
  if i as a white male would say stuff like `` kill all black males '' i 'd be fired the same day and possibly thrown into jail for inciting hate crimes . 
  dayum , imagine if it was the other way around . 
  radical elements ? 
  the most powerful groups in syria have been jihadist / salafists for 2 -3 years now . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that he somehow deserved to get murdered ? 
  good luck bro !, 
  that 's actually not true . 
  several police officers and soldiers were killed before assad sent his troops . 
  well , it seems like they did it because of their religion , so there are certainly things about islam that should be questioned and also criticized, 
  well black communities often do have problems with violence , drugs and crimes . 
  my first thought about the us having a different society was , that you guys do n't have a comparable `` safety net '' for poor and unemployment citizens . 
  if you have enough money to live comfortably , the states are probably the place to be . 
  if you are poor on the other hand , it is probably one of the worst places in the western world . 
  technically you 're also right , but a ma\u00df is usually only sold at kerwas \\ kirmes \\ oktoberfest . 
  when you buy a crate beer in bavaria , you 'll get 0.5 litre bottles . 
  3.5 litres of beer is n't that much when you drink all evening long i 'd say, 
  hmmmm we 're in dire need of lebensraum . 
  brb guys, 
  who , if not you guys , 
  sweet krokodile, 
  this is an english speaking sub , if you want to `` rant '' in german , you can probably do so at \\ r \\ de . 
  wff dude ?? 
  meh , could be worse i guess , 
  it certainly delivers the message !, 
  while personally i 'm not the biggest supporter of widespread immigration , i 'm not a fan of racism and i try to treat everyone good and just like i want to be treated, 
  made me laugh !, 
  thanks !, 
  anti-semitism in sweden ?
