  it is a shame that they destroyed themselves so badly . 
  oh rly , so who do you want me to vote for ? 
  yeah right , how could i forget our glorious sed times.die gr\u00fcnen ? 
  yeah awesome , a mix of hippies , leftist and claudia roth . 
  spd , used to be a pretty ok political party until they wanted to work together with die linke . 
  meh seehofer all over the damn place . 
  npd , mhh same thing as with the linke , only more moustache . 
  i do n't mind the afd even though i do n't necessarily share their opinion . 
  err what did i just watch ? 
  it 's a photoshop made by franconian comedian bembers i think , but was spread over social networks here in germany, 
  schland stroooonk !, 
  why the downvotes guys ? 
  if i break ( or enter ) someone 's garage at night ( especially in the states ) i have to deal with possible consequences . 
  that kid is by no means a hero so please stop portraying him that way . 
  for the record , i am sorry for his family as it is always shitty to loose your child , but he himself brought him in this unfortunate situation . 
  not yet ... , 
  i 'm not quite sure , but i think i 've read about that case in germany 's biggest tabloid a.k.a bild . 
  as far as i can remember they are religious nuts and do n't want their kids to be soiled with non christian beliefs ( take this with a grain of salt as i did not follow the story too much ) . 
  on why the states do n't want to anger germany i ca n't really give you the ultimate answer , but imagine if germany granted asylum to snowden . 
  yeah , that dutch dude in germany . 
  there are some good germans , there are some bad germans . 
  in the end they vote moderately and keep doing what they have been doing . 
  as long as it stays that way i wo n't argue . 
  please do n't stereotype all germans because of some controversial people , in the end most germans are quite nice ( as almost all americans i 've met in the past ) . 
  thanks a lot and take care . 
  greetings from bavaria, 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't support russia or their international goals and i do n't know a person that does , so it is kinda hard for me too !, 
  i can only speculate why some persons have that opinion . 
  i 'd like to highlight that about 60 percent where in favor of the sanctions against russia ( i hope i did n't get something wrong here  ) plus , the regular german could n't care less about ukraine ( i 'd say ) so they do n't see a reason to provoke a war . 
  furthermore anti euro parties are on the rise in a lot of european countries , so that does n't help neither !, 
  dw highlighted the word `` poll '' and when you click it , it redirects you to the article of t-online which is definitely not as good as bbc . 
  i do n't claim to be too informed of the ukrainian \\ crimean crisis as i have exams this week and only followed a bit here and there . 
  i think some fellow germans depend on the bild tabloid a bit to much and take everything as served . 
  you probably have the same kind of people in your home country where ever you 're from ( probably the states ? ) . 
  who does n't have double standards and one has to admit that the states are n't white knights either , 
  thanks , so now we know that one of the polls was made for the state owned tv channel zdf , but i do n't find any numbers on how many people were part of it \\ where were people asked plus further info . 
  unfortunately i ca n't really give you a clear answer why people voted that way , but my guesses are : germans do n't want ukraine to be part of the eu ( afraid of another greece , italy , spain , ireland ) or because of the major influence of right wing protesters during and after the riots in ukraine . 
  maybe they really think crimea should be a part of russia ( even though most of them do not even know where ukraine \\ crimea is located on a map ) or they do n't want to risk a conflict because of something that does not have an impact on their daily lifes !, 
  thanks for that link , even though i 'm a bit careful with that specific poll . 
  your article links to a page called t-online and i do n't trust them to much !, 
  the far right protesters in the ukraine may be a reason for this extreme stance of some germans , but i have n't met a german here in bavaria that favors russia . 
  to be honest , i have n't seen these polls myself , only read about them here on reddit , do you by any chance have a link for me ? 
  merkel is known to be us-friendly and afaik csu \\ cdu were pretty successful in the last votings . 
  i ca n't speak for all germans , but what i 've heard personally , americas foreign policy is n't to popular . 
  on the other hand one has to say that when obama was elected for the first time tens of thousands of germans went to his speech in berlin . 
  russia is in shambles and probably lost its status as a world power . 
  you 're right , they 're trying really hard to change that , but i do n't see a comeback in the near future . 
  economically i think the us is one of the most important trading partners of germany , this alone tells me that germany will ( and has done for the last years ) do everything to stay close partners with the us . 
  i think the us agencies are acting a bit paranoid here and are crossing lines here themselves . 
  it 's not like germany or other european countries would attack american bases , citizens or hand essential informations over to enemies . 
  some even say that german politicians are americas bitch and personally i agree with that . 
  i respect your opinion , but i do not share it , 
  all nice and good , but i 'd say that germany has been one of the closest partners of the us in europe and will continue to stay that way . 
  even though merkel was born in eastern germany i do n't think that she is tied closer to russia . 
  afaik there is no evidence that she played a bigger political role in the former communist party or system . 
  she 's also not in the spd or linke , but in the cdu !, 
  and they are not known to be tied to russia, 
  whoopsi , sorry i misunderstood your post !, 
  nonetheless i 'd love to hear these reasons why the us had to be suspicious about germany \\ its politicians !, 
  you may say because schr\u00f6der was close to russia , but it is not like the us stopped when merkel got chancellor , they did n't even stop until snowden leaked these informations !, 
  and further up was talked about germany not going to war at iraq , because of us anti-sentiment by schr\u00f6der . 
  afaik you stated that this was the reason for the us to spy on germany !, 
  thank god that a guy who has probably never worked or lived like a regular person and lives of the taxmoney paid by `` the british peasants '' tells us that we need to learn a thing or two from romania . 
  pathetic !, 
  oh and please do n't get me wrong fellow romanians that are reading this , i do n't think that romanians are better or worse than me , but it disgusts me that this inbred wanker that has never done something sucessful besides being born in a royal family has the urge to tell me how wrong we all are . 
  so you 're saying that iraq as a nation attacked the states ? 
  oh and let 's not forget about the dangerous wmds saddam had stored right ? 
  maybe we can give you some tips on how to deal with the bad moroccans in the netherlands \\ s, 
  yonkers , jersey city and ny !, 
  i expected it to tell me that i talk like a redneck :d damn german dialect !, 
  for real dude ? 
  the germans have n't done so because they ca n't . 
  there is no comparable possibility for german citizens to vote like that ( beside voting every 4 years ) . 
  i 'm a german too and i do n't see a reason why i should complain about the decision of the swiss population . 
  it is their country and it is their right to decide what happens in switzerland . 
  furthermore it is not like the 50 percent that voted in favor of this quota are nazis , they just want to regulate the growth of their nation and i do n't really see a big problem with that . 
  stop bitching about other peoples decision , we have enough problems in germany to talk about, 
  yeah , because all germans share your opinion and would n't vote for a similar quota . 
  maybe , but again i do n't see how both events are comparable . 
  so why exactly did they take his weapons ? 
  it seems like he had licenses for them ? 
  well not really . . 
  were n't the occupy finance district demonstrations in frankfurt ? 
  and for hamburg , i think there were some clashes between left wing protesters and police !, 
  but both of them were n't half as big as the protests at gezi park . 
  your reasoning makes sense but i 'm still astonished to see so many of them in one place . 
  never seen one in my life before , it is almost like a safari for me  . 
  even though i understand what you 're trying to say , but one should always think twice before saying something like this ( i do n't know if this is me being a white knight , but this phrase is part of a history where millions of innocent people were killed for no other reason as racial \\ religious background ) . 
  i do n't feel guilty of it , as my grandparents , my parents and i did n't participate but as a german citizen i 'll do my best to prevent it from happening again . 
  using `` arbeit macht frei '' seems a bit inappropriate . 
  also wth , why are there so many former euro school pupils in here ? 
  so what do you want to tell us ? 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  really ? 
  sorry i did n't really follow stuff about sochi . . 
  isis and jabhat al nusra are both branches of aq !, 
  haha sounds like the german version of new kids !, 
  baaaaam sooon feuaball jung\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4, 
  would n't `` obaaaaaaachd '' suit better in this case  , 
  no worries , just wanted to mention it ,
