  i do n't know but i do n't think so . 
  even though i think you 're right , i 'd like to remind you that this is an english speaking community !, 
  you 're absolutely right , even though we 'll probably face some problems in the near future because of that . 
  well that may be right , but how do you want people to accept immigrants , when their own salary is decreasing because of new workforce ? 
  i do n't think that helps uniting europe , instead it creates hate against immigrants . 
  local terror cells do n't need hundreds of man , furthermore wait 20-50 years and then let 's talk about it again . 
  yeah , because it is sooo hard to understand why he mentioned islam . 
  in this case it makes sense to mention religion as it does n't happen to often that christians go to syria and fight with their `` islamic friends '' especially isis \\ jabhat al nusra ( that both are branches of al quaida ) . 
  stop pretending that this is n't a problem, 
  and that is the problem . 
  i think what most people worry about is , that they can and probably will be replaced by someone that works for less money . 
  i.e how would you think about the situation , if a skilled and educated romanian \\ bulgarian \\ whatever nationality would `` take your job '' just because he does jt for half the price you 're asking for ? 
  i 'm not quite sure what my point of view on this topic is , as i can understand the fears of native workers . 
  cheaper than what you 'd have probably paid for a dutch guy, 
  did n't it say that he went underground in pakistan ? 
  i 'm sorry that this is happening in portugal , but that 's not happening in germany . 
  why should someone living a comfortable life of social security ? 
  you are responsible for your life , not the government . 
  i 'd love to see this arguments in an american thread, 
  because why not ? 
  for me citizenship is important , because it shows my loyalty to the place i live in and have the possibility to live my life like i want it to be . 
  i do n't think others have to do the same , but i would do it . 
  please do n't dramatize my statements . 
  i did not say that foreigners are outlawed from society . 
  i 'd try my best to be a part of a society and for me this means also getting a citizenship . 
  i do n't think so , the state pays your rent and heating and you get almost 400 bucks for doing nothing . 
  then you have possibilities to work small jobs and get even more . 
  i 've been affected by this for a short period of time and i do n't see why there are complains about it . 
  it is meant as a plan b if you failed , but in the end it 's up to you to fight your way back into workforce . 
  as i said , if a country offers me more than my old one , i 'd fully become a part of its society ( citizenship ) and would n't face these problems !, 
  as far as i know it is the same here . 
  and i think that 's the difference . 
  the social benefits in germany are quite high and you can live pretty good of them . 
  i see your arguments and believe it or not , i do share some points with you . 
  as i said before i 'd welcome a united states of europe , but in that case the countries involved need a in strength comparable economy as well as a comparable stage of education . 
  if you throw all european countries in one bag right now , chaos will evolve and you have an even bigger resentment of the idea than right now . 
  immigrants with a lower educational standard will be working in low paying jobs ( when they actually find a job ) . 
  this train of thoughts lets me personally question the opening of the borders for romanians \\ bulgarians at this time . 
  i do n't think that all romanians \\ bulgarians are uneducated but quite a few are and these people are more affected of `` scrounging benefits '' . 
  ( no job - no money - need of benefits ) . 
  furthermore i think , that `` get more babies '' is possible , if we encourage young families with ( financial ) help and a change in our economy . 
  i do n't say that immigration is bad , but trying to fix a problem with immigration can go wrong pretty quickly, 
  firstly thank you for taking the time . 
  i do n't know about the exact restrictions of foreigners living in germany , so i 'm not able to do a comparison , but it seems like one does not get most benefits that easily in portugal neither !, 
  what do you mean with `` most of these benefits are shit '' are they too low or something ? 
  oh and if you edit your posts , i probably wo n't see it , i 'm on mobile so if you want to add something i 'd like you to make a new post , 
  well if you think it is ridiculous , i ca n't change that , but that 's my opinion  by working and paying taxes you finance your society directly and indirectly . 
  best examples are streets and most public transportation services in cities , sure you have to buy a ticket , but the costs of public transportation are way higher than the revenue you get by selling the tickets . 
  and sure i work to have a higher standard of living but if i move to another country to earn more money it 's my own decision and i do not necessarily have the right to claim the same benefits there as a foreigner . 
  i 'm far away from being an expert on this topic but in my opinion germanys goal should n't be to attract foreign workforce but make it more interesting for german families to get children again . 
  our health care \\ pension system is not build to work with shrinking numbers of younger folks . 
  as i said before , i really do n't mind foreigners that have chosen germany as a place to live and work , but i still think , that if you want all the benefits of a country , you need to become a part of it ( citizenship ) . 
  that is actually quite interesting . 
  do you know the main criterias ? 
  and as far as i know it is quite easy for foreigners in germany to get social benefits ( i.e kindergeld \\ money if you have children ), 
  i did , the main reason for working in germany is probably a higher wage than what you get in your home country . 
  so you 're not in germany to help or finance society , but to earn more money and sustain a higher standard of living . 
  i hope this answers your question . 
  btw how is this topic handled in portugal ? 
  yep , that makes sense , i was already packing my suitcase :p, 
  i think i 've answered your questions before , but now it 's my turn to ask you some questions . 
  why are you working and living in germany ? 
  that may be true , but just because german politicians signed a paper that says so , it 's not my personal opinion . 
  you and i probably do n't have the power to change it into something we 'd prefer , but i see reddit as a platform where members can state their personal opinions and that 's all i do . 
  i do n't want to troll anybody here , just have a discussion and see what others think about this specific topic  . 
  regards, 
  sorry for the long response time , readit died on me  so i can only speak for myself , but if i 'd leave my home country at 25 to live and work in another one for the rest of my live , i 'd get a citizenship in my new country.my reasoning would be , that the country i moved to gave me possibilities that my original one could n't . 
  of course this is not the way everyone would do it , but that way i had no comparable problems like you . 
  germany and other countries have a lot to give , but when you benefit of it you also have to give something back to the society . 
  ps : i 'm sorry if i have different opinions than others on this subreddit , but instead of the downvotes i 'd like you to tell me about your opinion . 
  this could be a great discussion  regards, 
  or become a german citizen , pay taxes \\ get social benefits like all germans , have the right to vote and be happy . 
  if you work in germany to earn more money than in your home country , i do n't mind , but do not expect everyone else there to pay for you if you fail . 
  it is not like germany came to your place and forced you to move to germany , right ? 
  as stated above , if you 're not a german citizen you should not receive german benefits . 
  nobody is forced to work in germany . 
  i.e.germans that live abroad get their pensions paid by germany , not the countries they 're living in . 
  as long as we do n't have the united nations of europe ( and i 'd love that to happen with mainly midwest and northern countries ) i oppose multiple citizenships , if you want to have the benefits of a country , you 'll have to decide what citizenship you want to have . 
  it 's not the united states of europe.europe consists of countries that can mostly make its own decisions and therefore your nationality matters . 
  if you want to have the same safety net as a native german , then you have to get a german citizenship . 
  i do n't see a problem in this and in my opinion it should stay this way . 
  but he 's probably living in a wg right ? 
  i 've been told that berlin is quite pricey as the housing demand is huge !, 
  poland , here i come !, 
  no it is not fair for the german workforce that pay their taxes . 
  if you take a closer look on how `` lazy '' germans are respected within germany , you 'll see that these `` scroungers '' are not very popular in germany . 
  i do n't mind foreigners that come to germany if they 're interested in working and becoming a part of our society , but why should i pay for foreign benefit scroungers ? 
  as long as they do n't have the german citizenship , they should get social benefits from their home country . 
  why is the csu racist ? 
  and that 's a good thing ? 
  dude really ? 
  on the other hand you ca n't deny that some big clans exactly do , what people hate them for . 
  i live kinda close to the czech border and the autobahn so i personally had my fair share of gypsies and after years of them begging ( nowadays their small kids ) , stealing lots of shit and after saying that i do not have anything to give , they keyed my neighbors car thinking it was mine . 
  so of course i do understand , that people may not like them . 
  personally i do n't feel bad for the ones that act this way . 
  they are living their stereotype and are more or less the bottom of society , do you want to support them ? 
  i 'm not !!!, 
  the ones that actually try to be a part of society and do not try to scam \\ lie \\ steal should be supported !, 
  pink fluffy world where everybody is happy and can do the fuck he wants does not exist, 
  i 'll try to find a specific case where gypsies pit up there tents on a soccer pitch in germany and it took several weeks \\ months ??
