last time i checked , kobane had around 40000 inhabitants , not 200000, 
  funnily enough i 've seen quite a lot stores here in bavaria where they do n't sell energy drinks to people younger than 18 . 
  i thought it was mandatory ... 
  hey , i also like football but do n't have the urge to harm fans of the other team . 
  stop portraying football fans as idiots, 
  so where would i be able to leave to ? 
  i have n't been asked either . 
  why is that ? 
  yeah , i 'd really shed a tear if they would die there s \\, 
  can confirm that , old 3-series bmw are operated by turkish immigrants :d, 
  schweinebraten with franconian potato balls !, 
  try it , you 'll love it !, 
  free karma , because shitting on the afd party is the best next thing right now !, 
  sorry muricans , but i 'm with our european brothers !, 
  it is sunny here , so do n't worry !, 
  good news , this is a picture from right now !, 
  thanks mate , so i arrived safely and it did not really rain today !, 
  fuck , i 'll drive to croatia tomorrow : / will it get better soon , this is my only real vacation this year : /, 
  already done my duty this year !, 
  lots of dead fish in the lake itself , what was up with that ? 
  i would n't mind a bavarian-austrian country if we can keep our autobahn without a speed limit !, 
  let 's change the borders in germany too :p, 
  what bits of franconia are we talking about ? 
  did n't expect anything else to be honest . . 
  des is a kinderspiel , di denna grad ned mid uns rechna , die russn machan a goudn job !, 
  des freid mi dasmer uns do verstenga !, 
  ha des verstehn di sauprei\u00dfn do net :d, 
  this is r \\ eurooooope, 
  did n't they just change the flags ? 
  that 's a hard choice to make as i like both kentucky and wisconsin . 
  savages !, 
  that is a good question : as someone living in bavaria i 'd have to say austria , as they 're like brothers to us . 
  as a german i ca n't really choose between denmark \\ netherland !, 
  you guys are awesome and i really like you and your countries !, 
  maybe someone took a shit , did not wash his hands and gave the priest a handshake ? 
  i think contact with infected persons is quite dangerous, 
  just did a little google search and found some quite interesting things !, 
  tbh , i 've never heard of that before !, 
  well , politicians are humans , so you 'll probably find corrupt ones in every party you 're going to look at, 
  ups , i thought you were talking about merkel , my bad !, 
  well yeah , i 'm not surprised , they take care of their amigos , 
  i 'm not a big fan of merkel \\ csu , but i think it would n't be different with spd \\ greens . 
  this just seems plain wrong ... 
  i really like austria . 
  friendly people , good food , beautiful cities \\ countryside . 
  that 's not even comparable . 
  is never received anything like a fucking buk system or regular manpads . 
  all the tanks and humvees that got captured in iraq are afaik the stripped versions . 
  i 'm a happy owner of a nokia lumia 920 !, 
  great smartphone and something different than android \\ ios . 
  10 \\ 10 , would buy again !, 
  not exactly what op is asking for , but i 'm always cheering for european teams when they 're not playing against us . 
  it is great fun and makes the world cup more exciting for me , 
  isis is just the progress from isi which has been around for quite some time . 
  they profited in terms of influence and man power , but the whole structure has been around for serveral years !, 
  plus a lot of isis fighters started with other groups such as fsa , jan , if , and others . 
  that 's not true i think !, 
  isis saw their chance in building a caliphate as syrias leader was and still is weakened . 
  they do n't care about the people that died , they only try to fulfill their goal, 
  yeah , just as welcoming as jewish settlers . 
  thanks for the laugh mate !, 
  yeah , soldiers in the foreign legion loot stuff ans cut heads of knives . 
  alrighty right, 
  as long as they do n't come back ... 
  to be honest , i like american tourists . 
  they are very friendly people that are excited to see as much as possible during their stay . 
  personally i made a game for when being alone in my city centre called `` spot the americans '' , but most things that identify americans as americans are only seen on older americans . 
  ( white ) sneakers , sporty clothes in general , sunglasses , baseball hats are always a good indicator  . 
  i hope you 'll have a good time here and do n't worry , i also dress like a lazy slob , 
  traitor!we germans supported you guys !, 
  i brought shame over my family and fellow germans . . :p, 
  sure , but most are happy to play for their country in world cups . 
  there are 3-4 excellent players in the german team with migration background that refuse to sing the national anthem before a game . 
  sure this is probably not a big deal for most , but personally i 'd prefer other players that may not be as good as these 4 players , but are happy and proud to represent germany as a team on a international stage . 
  my original post was talking about your wish that \u00f6zil should play for turkey . 
  i respect him for being a great soccer player , but i dislike his decisions . 
  all mesut cares about is money . 
  i would n't mind if he was playing for turkey . 
  my fridge has been emptied and filled only with beer !, 
  bring it on schland !, 
  i dun goofed , sorry my mistake , of course i meant fn !, 
  there are certainly problems in kreuzberg and other places in berlin with immigrants or not ? 
  i do n't see it as a great example for immigration . 
  not when they destroy their passports or when their home countries do n't agree . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're punished with downvotes . 
  it seems like people on this sub seem to forget what the purpose of downvotes should be . 
  even though i share your opinion , why do n't we try to be a better person and keep this ` discussion ' friendly . . 
  why is it worrisome ? 
  i certainly do n't share the same mindset with ukip , but when so many people vote for them ( especially in all age brackets ) it shows that quite a few people see problems with the existing policies . 
  as long as more moderate parties try to understand these opinions and work on a solution that helps to solve these problems , i ca n't \\ wo n't complain !, 
  how do you know that ? 
  right know you 're the only one that is spewing hate and generalizations . 
  tragic that she lost her unborn child.maybe i am biased but here in germany it is like a unspoken rule , that when right wingers protest , left wingers will be there too and mostly shit 's going down . 
  so if i know that i 'm pregnant , i 'd rather stay away from the place or actually be in a safe distance . 
  more labeled as fascists by the left . 
  it is tragic , but it is like your instant political death if someone pushes you into the right sector . 
  of course the afd is a bit more ` pro german ' but i appreciate it . 
  it is time that we stop hiding behind our past and do n't have to feel sorry for being born in a country with this horrible history . 
  how great , a page made by the pirates . 
  it 's funny how they only stay in the public eye , when they talk about other parties .
