look here : https://liveuamap.com/ a lot of new things happening every day . 
  of course , when ukrainian army makes advance , the mysterious `` humanitarian '' convoy appears . . 
  same as saying that czech republic , hungary and other countries were under austria-hungary . 
  does that mean that austria can annex those countries , since they were `` part of it '' for a long time ? 
  what do you mean , `` lacking credible source '' ? 
  there is even a video with him saying , that he will give the resignation to the president on 12th april . 
   people tend to forget that ~ ~ eu ~ ~ russian influence started this whole mess for ukraine . 
  poroshenko was elected in june 2014 , and `` dnr '' was established before in april 2014 , so nothing could be done there . 
  plus annexation of crimea and inexperienced army at that time meant a lot of work for the new government . 
  russia should 've closed the borders with ukraine , making it impossible for `` vacationers '' with their humanitarian aid in form of tanks and ammunition reaching `` dnr '' . 
  if russia would n't involve in this conflict on the side of those terrorists , then i think this situation could be solved in months . 
  who actually holds the responsibility ? 
  if not russia , then who ? 
  oh yes , tell me more about `` us backed '' maidan and fascist illegal regime in ukraine . . 
  i was in montenegro , mainly near kotor and budva , and it was very beautiful !, 
  i recommend to others to visit this country . 
  interesting . . 
  these news are month-old , and nobody even noticed it before . 
  reminded me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjkfnpgs_xm, 
  hey , thanks . 
  did n't need upvotes , but at least it will be seen . 
  a little extract of those emails [ here ] ( https://informnapalm.org/en/surkovleaks-part2/ ) . 
  i think the mentality is from the period of cold war , when the two superpowers , us and soviet union , were preparing for nuclear war . 
  fortunately , nobody attacked , and after few years soviet union fell apart . 
  but even after that , the nostalgia and need to protect russian interests stayed in many nationalists until today , fearing that the us can attack soon . 
  they feel encircled again like during cold war , and even worse , as many ex-soviet countries joined nato . 
  this sometimes goes well into their propaganda machine , where they say that nato is forcing others to join against russia , and creating pro-western coups in their neighbouring countries . 
  everything combined makes ` west bad , we good ! ', 
  i know that not everybody in russia has this view , but after talking with several russians , it seems that the majority is afraid of the war . 
  you would be surprised how many russians think that they are surrounded by bad nato , that is preparing to invade russia . 
  this is incredible . . 
  thanks . 
  saving this for later when i need good coffee in prague . 
  poor montenegro . . no result for it . 
  i just read somewhere that mp ivan vinnik said that the sanctions are still working . 
  other than that i ca n't find much about it . 
  damn you , i will never look at latvian flag seriously again because of this . 
  yeah , he did . 
  it 's the magic of his soup and donuts he gives out at every metro station . . 
  sorry , but that 's really dumb . 
  that would be same as saying throwing rocks or eggs is n't an attack . 
  first he said there were no russian soldiers in crimea . 
  months later after the situation calmed , he said there were russian soldiers . 
  i am going to guess this will be no different . 
  maybe in 5 years he will tell us the truth . 
  do you seriously believe that the revolution was funded by usa ? 
  what would they achieve by that ? 
   civil war oh , another one . 
   `` slava ukraini '' , which sounds awfully close to ahem sieg heil . 
  may i ask you what do you smoke ? 
  seems like interesting stuff according to what you wrote . 
  ah , our konvi\u010dka . . wonder what he will come up with next time . 
  it looks very nice . 
  nazi regime ? 
  so we went from fascist , to banderas , and finally to nazis ? 
  what another nickname will you make out of your head ? 
  although i agree with you that if there was n't any revolution , ukraine still would have crimea and donbas , and life would go on as usual , but i think that maidan would happen either way , sooner or later , as people seemed to be unhappy with yanukovich rule and the direction ukraine was heading . 
  in my opinion the war and everything else that happened last two years is a big lesson to the country . 
  ukraine modernized its soviet era-like military , police , and creation of nabu happened , as you mentioned . 
  if it was worth it , i do n't know . 
  maybe it is too early to judge . 
  belarus is also important to russia like ukraine and other neighbours , so if belarus wants freedom , i am afraid it will feel the same pain as ukraine . . 
  i guess there 's no other way . 
  what mistakes ? 
  wanted to post the link here , but facebook links are not allowed here . . is this it ? 
   ... experts told sputnik . 
  stopped reading from there , sorry , pal . 
  remind me again , who started calling `` nazis , banderas , fascists . . ! '', 
  first ? 
  then i am sorry . 
  sounded like another person , who saw incorrect headline saying that the czech republic is changing name . 
  i see it already . . 
  if there would be a us missile defence built here , i think we would see a lot of our citizens with russian flags protesting against the `` us occupation '' of our country . 
  so the government shat in their pants , and said no . 
  more like germoney * quiet greek laughter in the background *, 
  will this finally end ? 
  you can call the country two ways , either czech republic or czechia . 
  there was no change of name . 
  same as saying germany and federal republic of germany . 
  edit : or slovak republic and slovakia . 
  i might be a mushroom , but to be honest , i do n't think that we can say that it is the same level , since being a mushroom is not a real possibility . 
  but paid russian people celebrating `` dnr '' day is a very big possibility . 
  but who knows ? 
  i am sure there are also some busses from russia with people who want to make little money just for a little vacation . 
  after several delays , i thought it would never happen . 
  do n't they have more important things to fix , and not spending money that could 've gone to nhs ? 
  * cough *, 
  hey , that actually is n't bad . 
  now that we have quite solid background , all we have to do is stars . 
  but the area is big , so we will have to do it precisely , so it wo n't look like a retarded flag . 
  i know , i know , but there are n't enough people for us to expand the flag before another void appears on it . 
  if we could persuade the hard-working germans though ... 
  i made on / r/european _ flag how the flag should look like . 
  how big ? 
  i think the people from blue team will colour it back to blue . 
  i do n't think we will be able to make stars in time before other users draw other images on the blue colour . 
  how big the area has to be before we make the stars ? 
   to protest against the `` genocide of polish people '' hmm , few years ago nobody was protesting , but just now they wanted to start a protest ? 
  very nice , thanks for writing this . 
  could n't find anything from international sources , but [ here ] ( https://www.unian.info/politics/1840636-identity-of-russian-ex-mps-assassin-revealed-sbu-confirms-him-as-former-guardsman.html ) is the ukrainian source .
