  he is [ here ] ( http://wanted.mvs.gov.ua/searchperson/details/?id=121246606 ) on the wanted page . 
  this trend must finally come to an end . 
  this guy freaks me out . 
   hungarian flag  username czech_your_republic confused . 
  do n't forget to apply [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bsffwjr.png ) too . 
  i wonder what will happen to ladislav ka\u0161uka . 
  he seemed to be pretty important to this , but as i am seeing that no other major news agencies are releasing these news , i guess nothing will happen . 
   ( it sounded to me like the speakers were an american and brit ) well , the company that made it is american . 
   peprally is the studio of brooklyn based director , designer , and illustrator , erica gorochow . 
  funny how people go full rage mode , yet this kind of law is quite normal in other countries . 
  cute little bell they have there . 
  yet only few of them recognize it as genocide . 
  it is quite a shame . 
  yeah , i did . 
  but i do n't remember which station it was . 
  i also remember seeing him and krn\u00e1\u010dov\u00e1 on starom\u00e1k giving out soups . 
  thanks for reminding me that i will see babi\u0161 and others from his ano giving out donuts in metro again ... 
  i do n't think he likes it . 
  he is going to replace the legendary boat with [ this one ] ( https://twitter.com/prezidentmluvci/status/707256469813645312/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) . 
  do n't worry my friend , in return they ca n't taste our glorious eastern european food !, 
  / no sarcasm, 
  funny thing is that companies say that they send us different products because they have to * adapt * to our eastern european taste . 
   the european commission , however , responded to the findings by saying that the accusations were baseless , and stating that multinational companies were free to adapt their products to different markets . 
  i am very pro-eu , but this really angers me . 
  how exactly did ukraine steal crimea ? 
  russian soldiers in crimea did n't consider themselves as invaders , but peacekeepers . 
  if one ukrainian soldier decided to shoot them , russia would have casus belli on ukraine for attacking a peacekeeper . 
  edit : plus the ukrainian government was immobilised after maidan , so there was nobody to give a command to shoot . 
   ukraine did n't lift a finger to defend it . 
  sure , let those ukrainians fire a shot to provoke war with russia . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  quote from gallup website , that made the survey . 
   the proportion of residents of ukraine -- a potential nato member state until a few years ago -- who view nato as a threat has increased in recent years after years of steady decline between 2008 and 2014 . 
  in 2014 , after nato sanctioned russia after it annexed crimea , ukrainians for the first time were more likely to see nato as protection ( 36 % ) than a threat ( 20 % ) . 
  however , the percentage viewing it as a threat shot back up to 35 % in 2016 as the ukrainian population has grown tired of the ongoing conflict between its military and russian-backed separatists , as well as a poor economy and rising crime rates . 
  without a clear end in sight to the conflict , ukrainians may be losing confidence in nato 's ability to help them in this crisis . 
  `` the_controversial '' ? 
  what ? 
  and also there was/is us navy , which is really close to russia 's naval base in annexed crimea . 
  make istanbul ... continental again ? 
  it seems very nice on paper , but it would be such a mess if this becomes a reality . 
  tldr : they love their neighbours more now . 
  this is great . 
  really did n't expect him to say this . 
  if m\u00e9xico can into europe , why not our canadian friends ? 
  you know what would be the best thing to do ? 
  give crimea back to greeks or turks , who had the peninsula way earlier than you . 
  i would love to have stations designed by those students . 
  they look too cold to me , but they are still really nice . 
  this is some great copypasta material . 
   i would personally argue to give away donetsk and crimea officially since there is no other solution to this conflict except attacking russia . 
  i do n't think it will be this easy . 
  first , nobody knows if russia will try to create another frozen conflict in different pro-russian areas ( i.e. 
  second , the government will continue stealing money from people even after giving away the land . 
  it is a really difficult situation , but i think that the political scene in ukraine needs to be better first before resolving this conflict . 
  the problem is that it might take 20 or even more years before most of the corruption and all goes away . 
  interesting . 
  hyundai was forcing their cars to us through ads and childish jokes about \u0160koda to become a new top selling car brand here . 
  yet \u0160koda is still at the top . 
   why are russiand angry about this ? 
  because those pesky amerikanski want to invade us and destroy us !, 
  if you will have some time after visiting kotor , i also recommend you to visit budva . 
  the old town of the city is really beautiful . 
  not bad , but i prefer kotor much more . 
  did n't they also say that they want to cut dependence on american cpus , but nothing really happened ? 
  expecting the same here . 
  do n't understand why you were downvoted . 
  some stats from wiki : hussites during 1421-1424 : in bohemia and moravia there were 14 monasteries of st. benedict order , 18 provosts ( places of senior officials of churches ) , during which 673 monks died . 
  18 premonstratensian monasteries , 575 monks died . 
  33 cistercian monasteries , 3884 monks died . 
  40 augustinian monasteries , 450 monks died . 
  and the list goes on . 
  [ still gives me chills ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elskcac9wsi ) . 
  okay, 
  you forgot / s. 
  oh , i miss little caesars so much !, 
  shame that their pizza started to be shit and they had to close down in prague . 
  it 's really beautiful . 
  thank you !, 
  what do you dislike about living there ? 
  i thought it was a great place to live . 
  how are you ? 
  although nothing will change soon , i am happy that this issue is talked about more and not ignored . 
   `` if these member states decide to change position we are ready to work with them to address their concerns '' , if they did n't listen to our concerns before , how can we trust them that they will listen now ? 
  okay , thanks for explanation . 
  really ? 
  never seen any . 
  anyways , refer to the comment from savdiv above . 
   however , it is n't recognized by any other churches . 
  why is that ? 
  when will this bs stop ? 
  no may running across the field . 
  the hsr and ssr ended so quickly that they did n't even have time to create their own flag . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfedy2u6sts&amp;t=23s ) cool advert from eva and va\u0161ek . 
  eastern europe , best europe . 
  crazy . 
  i am grateful that i was n't born in that time . 
  umm ... 
  i do n't think anybody would talk about their worries for their country on the phone , especially in phone call-monitored country like turkey . 
  got ta be slow .
