  the mispronunciation ` park & recreations ' really gets on my nerves, 
  arriving in a foreign country . 
  travelling is absolutely amazing , and i do n't get to do it often enough ( but i 've seen a good share of the world ) , yet i 'll always remember stepping off of a plane for the first time in a new continent . 
  this was in regard to his lifestyle , not his political career . 
  there are several good biographical accounts of hitler ( such as alan bullock 's ) which detail his life behind the rallies , speeches , and nsdap . 
  nonetheless , he had superb oratorical skills and was influential , but do n't forget that these were skills worked to perfection by hitler and g\u00f6bbels over the 12-13 years before the nazis came to power in ' 33 . 
  yup , has potential for the most irritating voice yet, 
  `` release the kraken '' clattenberg , superb . 
  i feel the video for mein herz brennt ( the orphanage one , not the fishnets-till one ) has a much creepier feel to it than mein teil 's . 
  same here !, 
  but only with the left side of my mouth , the right side makes a terrible off-bass note, 
  i can : do the donald duck voice , click like a dolphin ( someone else on here mentioned this too !, 
  ) , do a variety of accents , and bend all my fingers back ~ 100 degrees, 
  get into uni and qualify as a nurse * , eventually move to europe ( maybe denmark/germany ? ), 
  and qualify as a practitioner in something really cool . 
  then die in a skydiving accident at 75 . 
  * also , i 'm a guy, 
  welcome to england !, 
  where roundabouts are abundant , and we all hate them , but silently appreciate their usefulness . 
  not so much mispronunciation , but when people use ` perspective ' instead of ` prospective ' ; that shit is fucking nuts to the wall irritating . 
  wahey , i live in cornwall !, 
  but i 'm not cornish :(, 
  on behalf of the lethargic anti-scrollers , nice one !, 
  definitely a good creepy-ish film , not a complete edge of your set thriller , but nonetheless well shot and acted . 
  you have to admit though , some linguist , somewhere , is sat on a couch-sized pile of money from the producers of that god awful film , and chuckling at how well he screwed them over . 
  for example , where i currently live they call any foreigner ( even within the country ) emmitts , and in my family 's older generation they call taxis horncars ( still trying to figure that one out !, 
  perhaps soil his character in a rather unsightly manner ? 
  over the internet , * nonetheless * . 
  quite the spectacle old chap , good show i say , good show !, 
  appropriate r&m reference !, 
  zardoz ( starring sean connery in an unflattering red mankini-thing ) is kind of about killing hippies , but more so a sci-fi movie about the extermination of a futuristic bohemian race of people . 
  bit of an odd film and not really horror , but you have to watch it regardless !, 
  only a sith mixes with absolut . 
  it 's fascinating to hear another story like this , my grandpa rudi was also take as a pow during his time in the africa corps , and sent to england where he met my future grandma in the yorkshire/lancashire area . 
  sadly he passed away when i was 5-6 , but apparently he had quite a few tales to tell about farm work up north as well as the ( surprisingly positive ) relations he and his comrades had with the british 8th army . 
  wish i could 've known him better . 
  you may enjoy stalingrad , it 's a 1992 war film told entirely from the pov of a german squad/platoon ( ca n't remember the exact terminology ) and their hopeless fight in the city . 
  it 's brutal , charming , depressing , and most of all insightful . 
  i highly recommend it if you want to see a german ( non-fanatic/non-ss ) perspective . 
  also , a video game would be superb , i would certainly play that as well . 
  no problem !, 
  hope you enjoy . 
  now you mention that , i might do so as well ( fortunate enough to own the 2004 uncut edition ! ), 
  thank you for providing info + link regarding this , it 's cleared up my confusion . 
  also , a brief question , from my few visits to germany i 've noticed that zug also means a train ? 
  while i do n't speak a great deal of german , i do have a slight accent ( familial trait ) and feel learning the language would benefit me , and seeing the distinctions between the different meanings for words is very interesting to me also . 
  edit : mis-spelled word, 
  also ( and i have learnt this through my work with a deceased persons removal team and with a coroner ) a body left in still water will eventually deteriorate to the point where , unexpectedly , trying to move them by the arm/leg can result in the entire skin casing of that limb sliding off - and the individual ( yup , c'est moi ) toppling backwards into the scummy , bloody lake . 
  helter skelter ( 50g ) - discovered masturbation, 
  kind of biased on the funeral side ( to a degree ) but my most recent job - i now work in a care home , beginning nursing training - involved removing deceased persons from their place of death , as well as working alongside the coroner for our county, 
  recently deceased persons are generally very warm and their skin is pliable dependent on age ( i.e. 
  older people have saggier skin ) , and often do not smell bad up to around the 6-12 hour mark where they may ave voided their bowels . 
  persons deceased between 2 and 7 days typically bloat a bit , and go a reddish bruised colour where they have rested and an otherwise very pale tone of natural skin where the bloodflow has descended from . 
  persons at this stage smell worse on average than the initial decomposition stage ( the voided bowels ) . 
  beyond this , it depends entirely on several factors :, 
  \u2022 has the person been found after more than one week past their death ? 
  \u2022 have they been embalmed ? 
  \u2022 did they die in a humid or cool room , or outside ? 
  embalmed persons will lose the ` death smell ' to a degree , better so than those either untenable end or exposed to the elements . 
  the only way i can really describe the indescribable smell of death , is that it resembles those powdered latex gloves you wear for food preparation ( up to two weeks of death if embalmed/unexposed ) . 
  however : if the deceased has been exposed to a warmer climate , or mud or water , for example , the smell can vary depending on the contents of their bowels , the environment around them ( is it watery , boggy , peaty ) and most generically will smell like a mixture of shit and bong water . 
  hope this has been informative ( if a bit subjective due to my involvement with death in a work capacity ) . 
  edit : bad formatting, 
  ahh , the edgy preteen/teenage cousin . 
  a shamefully abundant commodity . 
  on another quick note , re : video games , if you have n't before consider playing red orchestra 2 . 
  you can play as the wehrmacht in it , however it 's not quite a game with a full backstory for the germans you are playing as , more of a shoot 'em ` up fps type deal . 
  bruising to the upper left arm and visible around the head , combined with severe burns to the hand , forearm , and orbital anatomy suggests this could have been either an industrial accident , torture , or most likely a car crash that went really fucking awfully . 
  of course , as for the exposed rib cage and lack of thoracic organs , that would most likely be the work of the mortician during the autopsy . 
  edit : ducking autocorrect . 
  `` summer in the city '' - the lovin ' spoonful, 
  `` everybody 's talkin ' '' - harry nilsson, 
  `` hazy jane ii '' - nick drake, 
  i can bend my fingers back more than 90 degrees , without any pain or discomfort , and have yet to meet anybody else who can do this . 
  also , i can make a dolphin noise with my tongue , and only one ex-girlfriend was the only other person i know able to do this . 
  is tasty . 
  do n't forget power mad , such a sick intro, 
  were you ... 
  too hot to handle ? 
  nice try , cops !, 
  you 'll ^ never ^ take ^ me ^ alive ... 
  the reason i quit my most recent job . 
  i worked for the regional coroner where i live ( alongside working in a funeral home , which is where i discovered the coroner job ) . 
  we were called at around 5pm , which is a pretty good time as it 's not too dark , not quit dinner time , and lunch has digested well ( keep that in mind ) . 
  the deceased had been found in the cabin of their boat - a fairly small sized fishing one , i do n't know the terminology , it was about 25-30 foot as i recall . 
  they 'd collapsed from a stroke , conked out and never woke up which is all well and good . . 
  except that their boat had become partly flooded . 
  and this was a week after they 'd died . 
  doing the job we must , we prepared a body bag and all the typical items for this removal , and headed into the cabin to position the deceased so that they could be placed easily into the bag . 
  however , we 'd not seen the state of the person yet , which i can now only describe to reddit as a green , wrinkled , semi-skeletal ( fish bites ) shit . 
  it does no honour to the person 's life , but damn . 
  anywho , after much fumbling about we managed to turn the deceased around and my partner went outside to grab the bag . 
  stepping back into the boat , he managed to place too much of his weight over the right-hand deck and * whoosh * the boat fucking tips sideways ... 
  3 hours later , having got home 2 hours previously , i 'm stood eyes tight shut facing the shower head , unable to comprehend the amount of seawater , shit , possibly blood , and definitely ` goop ' ( other fsos or coroner removal teams will understand that ) that has seeped into all of my facial orifices . 
  edit : autocorrect troubles . 
  notarized !, 
  as a current inhabitant of cornwall , but by no means true local , that would be quite a sight :d, 
  til : there are more true cornish/non-local inhabitants of cornwall ( like me ) on reddit than i thought . 
  it was quite nice to see ( as a half german , half englander living in england ) all the britons in our local supporting germany in the match  half the time i see a lot of people in england backing america , australia , etc. 
  because they 're ` part of the empire ' , but to be in a room of non-germans supporting de was fantastic and a nice sight ,
