  bourneville represent !, 
  he fought for the japanese imperial army or navy ( ca n't remember ) , was then captured by the russians and pressed into service to the red army . 
  then , on the eastern front he was captured by the wehrmacht and pressed into the heer . 
  he was then captured by the allies following d-day , and sent to the us where he lived until the 90s or something when he died . 
  there was a til about him roughly one month ago . 
  that 's cool man . 
  yeah it is , very fascinating . 
  sadly , as / u/grimreaper023 stated as well , there was n't any particular pedastal they put yang on so he would 've been just \u00fcber-cannon fodder to the nazis . 
  interestingly however , is that yang was placed into an ` eastern battalion ' consisting of pows if the wehrmacht - so likely yang would have fought with other asian , czech , and polish soldiers on d-day ; this suggests that they still may have been seen as untermensch collectively , but given an individual identity as a battalion . 
  ps : yang is indeed korean as you stated re : his name . 
  japan controlled korea during the second world war . 
  *** pop ***, 
  `` death , therefore , the most awful of evils , is nothing to us , seeing that when we are , death is not come , and when death is come , we are not . '', 
  as i 've never been married and do n't have children , i would have to say the third christmas spent at my papa 's after my parents divorced . 
  everything about that day was special ; the food tasted fantastic , we had the most awesomely decorated tree , there were dozens and dozens of presents for both of us and relatives that were staying . 
  and it kind-of snowed for a few hours . 
  perfect . 
  these truly are the best hours , i do 7.30 to 2.30 , and getting home then having a second shower and getting on with my day almost does n't feel like i 'm working !, 
  even though i work in back-breaking healthcare :(, 
  fucking mary berry has gone too far this time ... 
  library sciences sounds like an interesting if perhaps peculiar subject , could you expand more on the content of the course ? 
  how was the pilot generally recieved by the audience there ? 
  that 's awesome that tim backed your corner , and the dance must 've been pretty unexpectedly cool . 
  but yeah to hell with the audience for booing purely b/c of bad speakers . 
  thank you for the insight , and while i 'm going to pursue nursing as my university course and career , i 've had a really keen interest in military history - especially spending hours looking through archives , diaries , etc. 
  available online . 
  something along the lines of a museum library for that section of historical research would be a great second career choice , so i thank you again for explaining in better detail the role of a librarian . 
  thank you very much !, 
   all the best for your master 's too !, 
  hi there ,, 
  i left sixth form college two months ago and entered into a full-time job as a healthcare assistant ( hca ) in the uk ( so things may be slightly different if you 're us ) , but i hope that these answers from somebody of a similar age will help you ( i 'm 19 ) :, 
  1 ) in the care home i work at ( aiding elderly clients with dementia , physical disabilities , etc. ), 
  there has been a large demand for male hcas of which i am the second at the home . 
  hospitals here in the uk are by no means short of male staff because there is n't a direct gender preference here , but some of the hospitals i have visited here love the idea of another young man joining the nursing profession - for many male pt 's , sometimes it can be more comforting to have personal care administered by another man , for example . 
  2 ) here in the uk we have an access course which is linked to universities , which is essentially an optional pre-requisite to a nursing course at university . 
  i opted to work in care rather than take the course , because certain universities prefer that , but either are good benefits for potential nurses . 
  work gives you more ground experience , and as far as i know , the access course aligns students with how the nhs nurses work and gives them a better understanding of nursing rather than just care . 
  3 ) caring in general can take a large toll on your mental and occasionally physical wellbeing - but only if you are n't prepared to accept the challenges ahead with determination and enthusiasm . 
  coping mechanisms are something you could consider reading up about , as all carers have their own way to handles stress ( smoking , coffee , venting to other carers/nurses , etc. ), 
  but some are more beneficial as you should be aware ( as an ex-smoker , i would n't advise using it to cope unless you already smoke ) . 
  4 ) other info : be prepared to see a hell of a lot of human bodily fluids and solids - caring is not always a pretty job !, 
  but do n't let that put you off : always focus on the pt you are caring for , and know that you 're helping them with every thing you do - be it cleaning pressure sores , changing incontinence pads , or assisting them with food and fluid intake . 
  overall , sorry for the long message , but i hope you take away something from this and please message me if you 'd like to talk further about nursing and caring . 
  while i 'm not a qualified nurse nor claim to be , it is an ambition of mine just like you , and i 'm partway to achieving that goal and would be more than happy to feedback and help you with anything !, 
  good luck !, 
  you 're welcome , enjoy nursing !, 
  thank you for asking . 
  my role in our inter-disciplinary is to assist the residents at our care home with mobility , personal care such as washing and dressing , assisting with controlling their dietary intake , feeding incapacitated residents , and helping our nursing team with temperature measurements , weight gain/loss charts , and just general obs on the residents . 
  many of our residents have dementia and mobility problems , so i 'm on the team that handles hoisting , slings , slide sheets etc. 
  because i 'm one of few members of staff over the recommended safe handling height ( i 'm bordering 6 ' 2 '' ) for our company , so i am called on a lot to help staff all over the care complex with that - also , as one of three male members of care staff ( mostly men work in housekeeping here ) we get called on a lot to do 1 to 1 care with male residents who do n't prefer the female nurses caring for them . 
  you may have heard of hcas being called ` auxiliary nurses ' but i 'm guessing that applies more to level 2 and 3 hcas , perticulary those in hospitals . 
  i 'm only level 1 , so i also help the housekeeping staff with cleaning when all the residents on my ward are awake , cleaned , dressed , fed , resting , and there 's time to kill . 
  thank you very much  it is rewarding work , and it 's great to see all our residents have the best life they can . 
  i 'm very happy to hear that your grandma is being looked after well , i 'm sure the team are committed to making everything in her life as great as possible !, 
  just doing the best i can , with an outstanding care team and a wonderful , and indeed sometimes sadly forgotten , generation , 
  this friday it will have been three months i 've been working in healthcare . 
  before this job , i worked at a funeral home for two years , and picked up a part-time contract working for the coroner in april 2013 ( picking up deceased persons from socs , unexpected deaths , hospital wards ) which is where i found lots of helpful contacts to help me achieve me dream of becoming a nurse , and the care home i work at now we used to remove one to two deceased residents from about once every two months ( it 's a large complex with about 50 clients on average ) . 
  it was definitely an ` it was meant to be moment ' , particularly how things developed and as you say how i was able to network , 
  as someone new to healthcare but well experienced in funerals and coroners removals from my previous job , bariatric home care patients keep the worst homes ever . 
  if they are n't hoarders of either rubbish bags or books and car-boot junk , then you can be fairly sure there will be food and animals ( both living and also deceased ) in every nook and cranny . 
  holy fuck are they ( the deceased patient ) hard to move . 
  imagine standard difficulties with mobility scenarios requiring hoist + sling in a care setting ... and remove the hoist + sling from the equation . 
  seriously . 
  certainly . 
  the drastic difference in uniforms of the heer and waffen ss ( in combat , anyway ) shows how the ss had to effectively employed camouflage as an integral part of their duties and role in the eastern and western fronts . 
  nonetheless , i believe there would have been designated roles within any second world war army that required camp - such as the sas , sniping units in the finnish/russian/german armies . 
  do n't quote me on that though , just an assumption at the relevance of camouflage for the period . 
  you did the right thing , family may come before almost everything else , but never the law . 
  never mind what your friends say, 
  it 's not just me !, 
  tried watching that as a boy at night , freaked me the hell out , so i watched it with my dad in the daytime about a year later - finally enjoyed the rest of the film . 
  well , ` enjoyed ' , but i was only 9, 
  european here ... 
  i was so confused at your meaning of ` thick ' at first , it means stupid as fuck around these parts !, 
  read somewhere ( probably the tgirls subreddit ) that the large hetero interest in transgendered women stems from the combination of boobs , dicks , and female faces/voices being a cornicopia of turn-ons for straight men, 
  even if you get cremated , you 're more than likely going to have a post mortem/autopsy ( fuck eu and us differences ) , and you 'll be cut open , organs removed , replaced in a bag , and sewn up . 
  burial or cremation choice does n't affect the coroner 's decisions . 
  food , some tools , a 4-pack , and my wallet and phone to free up pocket space . 
  using indication lights, 
  that 's a fair point , geographical/cultural differences do play a part . 
  here in england , if the death is unexpected then a pm is always carried out , and even if old age might seem like a reasonable cause of death the coroner can turn around and say they suspect there may have been underlying illnesses not previously detected, 
  definitely yes . 
  i 'd love to meet nick offerman , in part because i 've been to america only once and he seems to embody the awesome all-american stereotype in a non-offensive way , and in part also because woodwork is fucking cool , pick up some pro-tips there . 
  no qualms about not telling anyone , because what could be better than sharing a secret with a famous person ? 
  i build 1/35 model kits , both metal and plastic , because it relaxes me and also love the smell of that revell liquid glue . 
  find a craft store in your town or city , you may be able to pick up 1/72 ( small ) scale kits from there , such as airfix or revell . 
  work your way up with learning the art of painting , airbrushing , diorama creation , etc. , and you 'll find the larger scale 1/35 models ( i recommend tamiya and dragon ) really enjoyable to spend more than a dedicated week or two on . 
  haha , well there 's your first problem . 
  do you still have an interest in model making ? 
  it 's extremely therapeutic i find, 
  reminds me of this scene from jurassic park , does n't sound quite like the one you 're thinking of though, 
  that what i was thinking of , thank you for being not lazy like me !, 
  and were the scourge of the entire world cup , unsurprisingly, 
  saw something on qi ( british tv programme ) a while ago , and they explained that to get rid of that pain you should push your fingers between your shaft and sack , and pretty much wiggle them around a bit ( ? ), 
  bit vague , but i 'll try and find the link for you !, 
  edit : could n't find the link , but basically you need to stimulate the neck of your bladder connected to your shaft , something something pee and semen trapped in the dick . 
  grunge fan here , surprisingly few people here ( uk , admittedly ) have heard of [ mudhoney ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbabmzet4uw ) before , except the other guitarist in our band , which is nice because we get to play the song i just linked and fool people into thinking we wrote - but then letting them know after , 
  how very uninterested in your day and life everyone else is ( uk ), 
  sounds ideal , i 'm still attached to my ` burns , but if you guys can provide blades that 're easier on the chin and lip than * insert leading brand here , who am i kidding * , then i 'm in . 
  why is n't it fun , then ?
