  if you have n't already , check out the film crash . 
  it follows the same structure ( do n't worry , the simpsons were n't the only ones ! ), 
  and is a very popular but quite rare plot line . 
  crash follows several people 's lives ( about 8 i think ) and has an absolutely superb cast !, 
  on mobile so ca n't link :( but it 'll be on imdb, 
  awh damn , same !, 
  sweet little girl + heroic action + major plot twist = perfect scene . 
  went back to berlin in the february half term of 2011 , it snowed a little bit in pankow , yet there was not a single rainy day . 
  freezing as hell , but the currywurst tasted even better because of it . 
  definitely go for it op , you 'll have a lot of the city to yourself to explore as it was n't that bustling when we went - might be a tad different , but i doubt it ( ? 
  olympiat\u00fcrm , der aldstadt , schloss nyphemburg , and the augustiner bierkeller are all a must for m\u00fcnchen !, 
  haha , i do try . 
  why not , it is one of the finest countries after all !, 
  for the weather , if you begin visiting when it is colder , i am sure you will soon get used to and be able to bear the colder climates of the north - it took me a good few years , and i was born and brought up in magdeburg until i was almost 5 !, 
  it is certainly worth putting up with the weather for the things you enjoy , particularly as you have been so kind about us germans , and the food and history . 
  look past the suit wearing populus , and you will find some terrific people ( ! ), 
  ah i see , i suppose it is our individual experiences of the more northern territories that define us !, 
  but you have a point , we visited stuttie and then munich last christmas for family , it 's a very relaxed attitude in comparison to the n.e. 
  was it a french language film ? 
  because there was a film about a woman encountering different people , and it ended with similar fashion . 
  that 's a damn fine analogy of it, 
  this is true , as i recall there are no actual nerves in brain tissue . 
  even cutting through the arachnoid covering the brain for brain surgery does n't hurt . . 
  but the whole getting to the brain bit does . 
  this is why all patients are kept alive and asked questions such as what is the alphabet , what is the time on this clock , etc. 
  my stepdad did this job for a while before he trained as a paramedic , apparently it 's a very tense job if something goes wrong and the patient suddenly gets a bit ... unresponsive ? 
  ahh , that most valuable of lpts !, 
  if i remember correctly , they are captured cannons from the franco-prussian war , which ended 2 or more years before the tower was built following a prussian victory, 
  while i could n't find out that * exactly * , the first major brain surgery ( neurosurgery ) was performed in 1878 by dr william mcewan . 
  he removed a tumour ( a meningioma ) from the arachnoid cap ( or meninges ) that i described above , and the patient recovered successfully and only died 10 years later . 
  while the source [ macewen 's biographer , canale , 1996 ] does not seem to explicitly state any use or disregard for anasthetic , he did use them for his work with surgical removal of the lungs and related tuberculosis/endotracheal thingamajigs , so it ca n't be ascertained . 
  however , he did employ trepanning to gain access to the meningioma , so that may give some insight as trepanning was not typically combined with anasthetics for intracranial surgery ( i believe ) . 
  ( now former ) coroner 's office employee here . 
  that would be a mixture of both , and well as urine , due to the fact that when people suffer internal haemmorage following an od they tend to expel the fluids and solids from most or all sphincters etc. 
  most likely , the guy in this post would have been tucked up in bed , suffered the haemmorage , which as you can see in pic . 
  17 the fluids etc slid off to the left and pooled a bit on the bed , and subsequently died . 
  at least it was n't as messy as some other deaths . 
  believe me , they can get very messy . 
  second this , i 'm re-learning my native german and having a go at picking up italian . 
  and it 's been made to be interesting as well as beneficial !, 
  it was all pretty much filler laws to keep people happy e.g. 
  he managed to make it look like unemployment had dropped drastically ( but he 'd dicked the number around by having ~ 4 million deported or killed prior to the final solution ) , he promised a lot of things like the volkswagen which never actually rolled off the production line for public consumers , and just generally used his limited pragmatic skills to appease a whole bunch of people who in the end mostly came to realise they 'd been fucked over by a back stabbing egomaniac . 
  who also killed hitler , so +1 . 
  my eyes start to unfocus a lot and it 's always by about the 9th or 10th drink if it 's just beer , and then i take a good ol glass of water and sit down for a bit , then when i can see properly i 'm sort of drunk but will go and find food immediately after !, 
  so pretty much like all of us redditors , really ? 
  indeed , here is a more complete definition for those interested in the concept ( that i completely ripped from google ) :, 
  the realisation that every random passerby is living a life as complex and vivid as your own , populated with friends , experiences , dreams . 
  remember : `` calls girls ?!, 
  they 're only hookers when they 're dead ! '', 
  living in cornwall for a number of years now , i 've picked up a bit !, 
  nothing spectacular , but here goes :, 
  5 = pymp, 
  6 = wehj, 
  8 = seth, 
  9 = nowj, 
  also : pellgowser means telephone , mitten da means good day , aberfal means falmouth ( where i live ) , and the motto of cornwall 's council is onen hag oll ( one and all ), 
  hope this is interesting to some people , it was for me , learning as a non-local and only half-brit !, 
  haha , that it does . 
  bonus points : always ask people how they are , which in cornish is pronounced `` allycumpooster '' ( oll yn kompoestser ? 
  = all in order ? ), 
  this is awesome , nice to see the similarities between celtic/gaelic languages , 
  only shootin ' staaaaars break the mooooooold !, 
  came here to submit masterton , nice one . 
  devils of d-day is a favourite of mine , 
  reading the necronomicon compilation book ( hell of a slough to get through , 1/4 in ! ), 
  but i 'm largely impressed by how good his shorter stories are with regard to the acclaimed longer tales , they build up a lot of suspense in the same vein as atmom etc. , especially the outsider and cats of ulthar, 
  like most shops etc. , i imagine the woman could be banned from the store , but probably not op 's decision : / she sounds like a real cunt, 
  that massage thing looks like a medieval torture device , what is it might i ask ? 
  not since watching world 's greatest dad , anyway, 
  is it worth the travelling distance to get to hawaii ? 
  i 'm not a huge fan of warm countries , but it 'd be , by the sounds of it i.e. 
  the hype about hawaii , an experience to go there . 
  also , would i be disappointed or pleasantly surprised , as someone who prefers to visist places like sweden and germany . 
  thank you !, 
  oh damn , time to shine !, 
  i 'm half-german , and have a slightly different copy of this that has been in my family since my grandad 's generation , and a newer printed edition ( which i personally own ) . 
  i 'll post some pics of my favourite ( `` favourite '' , haha , the ones that piqued my interest most as a kid ) stories from it if reddit is interested ? 
  it 's super late where i am , but i 'll upload a few pics tomorrow and post them back here asap ( i 'm terrible with imgur , linking , etc , bear with me ) , 
  thank you for saying all this . 
  as an 18 year old almost 19 , and moving out of home to live by myself for a year with my first full-time job ( although i 've had part-time work before ) and heading towards university next year , i am almost terrified !, 
  learning how to cope with the important things like keep clothes washed , ironed , etc. 
  is pretty daunting , but then i remember that i 've got to start travelling the country i live in by myself soon as well . 
  but if life gets better and better , then i can hopefully look back on all of this as a huge experience booster . 
  thank you again !, 
  here you are as promised , several of the more ... interesting stories in this book . 
  [ girl who burns to death ] ( http://imgur.com/ncw8hce ), 
  [ sehr racist story ... did n't upload the rest to avoid spreading backward discrimination ] ( http://imgur.com/qys9kbn ), 
  [ thumb cutting guy !, 
  [ proof of that story everybody 's oma told them ] ( http://imgur.com/9uspy06 ), 
  you can pick up a good pair of sennheiser 201 's ( my personal favourites , on my third pair after general wear-tear on one and a friend losing the other ) for only 18 english pounds , whih i think is between 25-30 dollars ? 
  so definitely worth the small price for sennheiser 's more reliable headphones , 
  love it when another chris cunningham fan pops up ( also yes , aphex twin ) . 
  this would fit perfectly with a sort of lovecraftian story , maybe as a central plot point ? 
  unsettling things like this are fantastic, 
  i was almost gon na / r/tipofmytongue this , thank you for the repost , 
  riverside by america ; it was the first summer i ever smoked weed and damn did my close-knit group of friends and i have fun . 
  we always cranked out different vinyls , but nothing beat this blasting out, 
  united kingdom , try proper fish and chips in the west-country !, 
  also my native germany , it has to be street currywurst mit fritten und mayo - especially in munich, 
  pate and grated cheese toastie , with scrambled egg covered in ketchup or mayo , and fried mushrooms,
