  just going off from personal experience here , i was brought up in germany to english-german parents , and learnt german first . 
  we moved back to england for my father 's job , where i had to learn english to fit into the school system when i was 6 . 
  since then , i 've only recently stated speaking german on a regular basis in the last two years ( finished college , meeting relatives more often , want to move back to schland in a couple years ) . 
  i find it fairly easy to handle pronunciation because i 've always had a little bit of accent , but i 'm always getting words mixed up and the grammar too , because i 've been so immersed in english for almost 14 years . 
  but i count myself as bilingual ( trilingual , counting the french i learned in secondary and primary school - but i 'm terrible at french grammar too ) . 
  thank you for answering man , sorry for the hate this question led on to you , that was a helpful insight . 
  six feet under . 
  amazing series , did n't drag out for too long , had a fantastic cast , the storyline dipped in season 3 but rose again for the last two , and it 's all-round funny/weird/depressing / enjoyable . 
  united states of whatever , so old but still so annoyingly funny, 
  weird shit really does happen around every corner . 
  visited ny two summers ago , that empire state building shooting incident happened while we were there , and saw the newsreel of it somewhere on times square . 
  walked a bit further down , and sure enough we could n't get all the way down as it had been closed off ( if i recall correctly ) . 
  also , people are lovely about 90 % of the time there , spoke to black gospel families , businessmen , chinese shopkeepers , and they all welcomed us equally and warmly . 
  in germany/uk where i have lived/live , you do n't really get the same reception that often , i.e. 
  nobody is interested in your life . 
  i 'm an only child , and have annoyingly been asked this more than once , but for reddit 's sake i 'll answer . 
  this surprises people - for whatever reason - but i genuinely never had any kind of ` friend ' or ` companion ' growing up , just me and my imagination and my interest in films and history , and the wonderful parents i was raised by ( and later on , step-parents as well ) . 
  lidl 's microwave chicken tikka curry, 
  and mini chicago town pepperoni pizzas, 
  what 's your job ? 
  bought the goty edition of acii a year after it 's release , and then got brotherhood for christmas after i 'd finished ii . 
  apart from feeling underwhelmed by the first installment and ac : r , loved the series ever since . 
  ca n't wait to get both rogue and unity this year, 
  i 've checked the five unis i 'm applying to , and only two ask specifically for a science a-level - the others just require 2 to 3 a-levels at a * to c with a potential fourth qualification or work experience . 
  thank you for the advice there , it woul be worth my while asking about my current care role . 
  one of the nurses here has said i wo n't get in without the access course , whereas another believes the work i 'm doing now and my previous work ( as it required hospital shifts ) will help balance out the low maths gcse and e in psychology for a rounded , but not 100 % perfect , application . 
  yeah the access course seems to be a bit hit or miss where i currently live , some people who 've taken it said it was too much hard effort that could 've been spent learning on the job , but others have assured me it 's beneficial if challenging at times re : the large amount of coursework ? 
  but the amount taken up in the actually bsc/bn makes me think the access course might benefit me in preparing myself for the essays etc. 
  thank you very much !, 
  you 've been a great help , 
  hi fellow funeral operative/director !, 
  my mum used to part-own a funeral home until recently , where i also worked part time , and the classic from our flower supplier/postman/whoever was `` bit of a dead-end job , is n't it ? 
  to hell with those people, 
  this has been on my mind for a while so thank you for putting up this question !, 
  i 'd love to live there , as i speak german and some french , and have lived on the continent for a few years before my parents moved us back to the uk , mostly because i miss munich , the scenery of the alps , and love tyrol region - living in switzerland would put me slap bang in the middle . 
  however i 'm a bit put off , as from reading guides for new residents to suisse , there are several factors that seem a bit odd to me about life there :, 
  cost of living is apparently through the roof, 
  there are some crazy regulations about housing apparently , and taxation i believe ? 
  according to some expats i 've spoken to through penpal style online meets , there 's also a problem with getting things delivered online such as electrical and house goods ? 
  however , if i moved there it would be before i had children - i 'd love to have my kids brought up being able to speak english german and french as it 's a privilege i had and my parents did ( though my french is rusty , i 'm sure i 'd be put in place by my kids ! ), 
  also there does seem to be a relaxed attitude to a lot of things re : safety , but in a good way , such as there being a low crime rate so a high feeling of safety and a slight less worry about kids being out/robbery/etc . 
  overall it seems like a lovely country , and i would definitely visit there for a couple of weeks before i moved there . 
  at the minute , what my life goals are . 
  i 've had to repeat to so many family members and friends i 've reconnected with that it 's become almost the only source of conversation i 've had . 
  i get asked if i 'm related to daniel radcliffe ( of harry potter fame ) when people check my id/i meet new people , and because i identify better with the german baasch side of my family than the english radcliffe side , it 's a source of almost embaressment to just go ` no ' and shuffle away nervously, 
  for the record :, 
   qualify as a nurse ,, 
   move to switzerland denmark or germany ,, 
   retire early as possible ,, 
   die happy . 
  no more !, 
  please !, 
  the soundtrack to stalingrad absolutely finished off an already amazing film in my opinion - even the foley noises created during the sewer and factory scenes made for a very chilling atmosphere . 
  brilliant film all round . 
  a user on this subreddit posted some hand-drawn comics not long ago involving the kenways , and ` haytham no ! ', 
  was pretty much the main punchline . 
  \u2022 bottle caps - primarily beer but also things like orangina ( plenty of repeats ), 
  \u2022 books on the second world war , specifically the german army and british secret intelligence, 
  \u2022 vinyl, 
  \u2022 scars - an occupational hazard, 
  \u2022 i also make and keep unprinted plastic models of all sorts , mostly 1/72 , which also leads to further scars when i 'm careless, 
  wow that 's boring . 
  appearance . 
  like fucking hell , i have two pairs of jeans , two pairs of shoes , a couple shirts , loads of tshirts , two jackets , and an abudance of socks n boxers , what more do i need ? 
  yet i see people my age ( 19 ) and younger wearing a completely different outfit for every day of the month - and not cheap stuff at that either . 
  what the hell is everyone 's obsession with this material one-upmanship ? 
  i find it un-necessary and a waste of money . 
  just a quick question , what does ` standing relations ' entail ? 
  i assume it 's not effective enough to persuade the countries with standing relations with the plo to recognise the state of palestine ? 
  seems odd to me . 
  i 'm in a bit of a similar situation to you - i 'm a hca at a dementia unit ( and recently promoted team leader ) but want to go into nursing asap - and have felt that way sometimes also , however i 've recently become interested in or nursing . 
  so the only advice i can really give , from my own experience on my nvq , access course , and from what our nurses have told me , is that nursing is an extremely rewarding profession financially and that you can travel anywhere with it - but there are many more options than just being a ` runner ' for patients ( as it were ) if that does n't appeal to you , and you can further your professional development over time to an area that interests you more ( be it radiography , cath lab , etc. ), 
  to get into a more rounded , and rewarding , nursing career . 
  sorry for the wall of text , hope this has helped you in some way . 
  would like to add : branston diced pickle and wotsits sandwich - heavenly . 
  they are , truly , a king amongst cheese puffs . 
  / u/vio _ is correct ; the typical temperature for a cremation of somebody around hitler 's size and weight ( given he was fairly average on both factors ) is ~ 1000 degrees centigrade . 
  being burned via gasoline ignition and dumped into a pit would n't have proved satisfactory to ensure hitler and eva 's remains were not available for manipulation - therefore , a disinterment , secondary cremation , and then secondary scattering in the biederitz would ensure the remains were reduced to the typical sandy consistency of cremated remains that we expect today . 
  thanks man , glad to hear from someone who 's been through this !, 
  i will for sure , just need that determination up - something i 'm gon na work on, 
  aye , revelations . 
  if i 'm correct it 's where the pashak armour was unlocked . 
  i was a coroner 's officer & funeral operative for 3 years , i am now a healthcare worker for those with dementia ( 1 year of experience ) . 
  i think a shorter story was perhaps better , i felt that rogue really nicely tied up everything to do with the altair/ezio/connor / edward story - particularly the loose ends from aciii . 
  yes , it would 've been nice to explore a few more foreign cities like we did in lisbon , but ultimately i 'm now enjoying all the side activities just as much as i did the main campaign ( and god knows there 's a lot of side activities to get through ! ) . 
  overall , rogue feels like a worthy sendoff for an entire generation ( both of games and the consoles ) before unity and beyond on next-gen . 
  late to the party but hey : sadly this is not my story , but my close friend at sixth form went to a talk held at our nearest university by lionel shriver ( the ` we need to talk about kevin ' author ) for aspiring creative writing students . 
  man oh man , the embarrassment he relayed to me the day after - only he and our lecturer turned up , alongside the uni lecturer and a student ambassador who were hosting ms. shriver , despite our whole class meant to be going ( i was working a late shift and could n't go , assumed there would be other people ) . 
  what was meant to be a 90 minute talk about how to write creative pieces , how to aspire , and how to succeed , turned into a 15 minute rant by shriver about how ` the class had failed to recognise her importance ' and ` this is why there are so few good writers today ' . 
  seriously , although i ca n't account for all of this first-hand , lionel shriver got no mercy to give . 
  i 'm 20 , and only four months away from starting my adult nursing course at university . 
  it 's my life-long dream , and one i intend to follow through with , i 've prepared used plenty with work and work experience over the last five years - care work , funeral home work , et cetera . 
  - and i 'm very excited to start the rest of my life with my fianc\u00e9 who is pursuing a similar goal , she 's interested into midwifery . 
  thank god for epp 's, 
  no , nothing beats chomping through a well prepared sarnie, 
  `` bless you '' for the first two sneezes , then if they go for a third this turns into `` jesus ! '' . 
  anything higher is just obscenity . 
  ` ein lied ' is perfect in terms of till 's poetic craftsmanship , in my opinion . 
  musically , it resonates with a poetic structure too which is also quite pleasing, 
  model making , collecting vinyl , playing guitar , my pet chinchillas,
