  and you may find yourself living in a shotgun shack, 
  and you may find yourself in another part of the world, 
  and you may ask yourself :, 
  well , how did i get here ? 
  there are numerous potential events that could 've lit the powder keg that was europe in 1914 . 
  ca n't link to any right now , but here 's a list of the more prominent factors :, 
  1 ) the eastern question ( the balkan wars between 1912-13 ) . 
  2 ) the entente ( alliance ) system . 
  3 ) german aggression . 
  4 ) the arms race ( part of german aggression , but involved britain too , you may have heard of the dreadnought-class warships that evolved around this time . 
  if not , think 1910s state-of-the-art battleships ) . 
  sorry for the lazy reply and lack of detail , i 'm at an [ 8 ] but the first world war was my favourite subject in a-level history . 
  hope this gives you a rough idea that there were more factors that could have ignited the war , if a bit delayed beyond ferdinand 's assassination . 
  piggy-backing on this , fellow brit here , if you want to come visit cornwall the best times of year are september and march !, 
  the tourists have either just left or are about to arrive , and the weather is usually at its hottest ( at least in falmouth , the lizard , etc. , where i currently live ) . 
  also we visited dorchester not long ago , and visited a really fascinating chocolate factory there !, 
  holy shit , that swipe of the text was brilliant, 
  cheers mate , will definitely check out the horrors !, 
  have heard of the jesus and mary chain , but only really listened to psychocandy, 
  falmouth 's own harbour lights sells all the kids ' meals in little buckets , and gives away free spades !, 
  it 's fantastic , you can see pictures of it all here on their homepage :, 
  hahaha , cheers !, 
  i have n't the slightest clue about gifs , editing , or anything , this is all a mystery to me and will continue to be, 
  i 'm a fan of primus , but i 've never heard of tool before . 
  thank you for the links !, 
  already liking forty six and two , cracking bass on there , very crimson-esque . 
  thank you again , plenty of tracks here to keep me hooked, 
  aye , there 's nothing quite like eating fish that 's been caught ~ 15 miles offshore and chips that have come from a field in the north of the county . 
  you must come back down for another helping !, 
  cheers mate , i 'll give them a try !, 
  some of my favourite tracks . 
  favourite album would have to be their self titled, 
  loving it , brilliant stuff . 
  thank you man, 
  sprouts ... and apple crumble/pie/strudel, 
  a very specific hatred , but god damn i 've tried sprouts with pine nuts , bacon , all sorts . 
  just disgusting . 
  also i 'll eat any other kind of pie , strudel , or crumble , but i 'll take death over cooked apple any given day . 
  portugal is visited in ac rogue . 
  not sure about spain ? 
  i 'm not op , but seriously ? 
  you 've never heard of a cremulator ? 
  that 's how ashes become ashes , in the way we see them in urns etc. , the larger bones ( femur , pelvis , skull , etc. ), 
  are placed into a cremulator because - for reasons that should be obvious - presenting your late loved one 's half burnt skull is n't the most dignified of practices . 
  for further information , here 's a demonstration of a cremulator in action : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gkdreocbk7q, 
  and here 's the wiki page on the cremulator 's definition : https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/cremulator, 
  haha , it 's alright man , just surprised me, 
  hi there ,, 
  i 'm currently studying my adult nursing course , and i am a healthcare assistant working in the united kingdom for a caring agency ( or ` staffing solutions ' company , as they like to be called ) and i have previously worked for a private company with multiple homes of residency for dementia and vulnerable adults , and also part-time dealing with deceased persons for my county 's coroner , particularly the elderly and those in private homes . 
  i have never had any allegations of misconduct , abuse , or maltreatment made against me ( thankfully , i would feel awful if i was wrongly accused ) but i have heard of and do personally know other hcas who sadly have been through similar scenarios . 
  only one was a valid accusation , involving theft of personal possessions and currency , but the three others i know were incorrect accusations . 
  two were backed up by video evidence , in homes that allowed cctv/relative supplied cameras , and the third took time to be resolved , but the main thing all four of these scenarios involved was good and thorough use of communication . 
  the correct channels were used in all cases : managers , staff nurses , social services , the police , the care quality commission , all of these parties were involved with every case as some level or another . 
  of course , this can be defeating , time-consuming , upsetting , you name it , if you know you are in the right but falsely accused of abuse etc. 
  but if you know you are in the right , please be honest with everybody senior to you - as well as those in the same level of employment as you i.e. 
  those who are also carers at nvq level 1 , 2 , 3 , etc. 
  this will help you out more than you might be aware . 
  they are , more often than not , all there to help you and help the patient , as well as their relatives , so if you know you are not guilty of an accusation , and especially if there is evidence to validate this , then use everything at your disposal . 
  it may not be pretty , but you stand a better chance of proving yourself innocent and keeping a valuable , highly-sought profession , than lose everything because you 're afraid one wrong accusation could undo everything you 've worked towards when , in fact , you know this is not something worth going up over . 
  best of luck , from one carer to another . 
  last night i went out to see a late showing of godzilla with some mates . 
  we were pretty hungry and thirsty after working long day shifts , and so decided to grab some cinema food before the film . 
  i have minor acid reflux , but take meds to keep it under control and can eat whatever now - however , the fatal trifecta of nachos , spicy peppers , and cider ( if you 're uk based , you may be aware of ` rattler ' - crazy stuff w/o moderation ) hit me bad . 
  most of the way through the film i 'm fine , but after seeing one too many explosions , my stomach begins to give way ... and i puke on the couple in front of us at the cinema ( it was dark , i made a sneaky dash out the door , hopefully the infra-red camera wo n't be able to make me out ! ), 
  jump forward 16 hours later , and i have not just a blinding hangover , but a literal ring of fire . 
  never again . 
  edit : missed out some words . 
  i have just over a year to go until i start university ( for an adult nursing bn/bsc ) and decided that after a year 's experience with a coroner and funeral home , and another year working with secondary school children , i would apply to a care home to gain further experience before my nursing qualification starts . 
  however , while i was lucky enough to bag the job pretty much in the interview , almost nothing has gone right since . 
  i was asked to come in twice to hand in the same documents for the same background check , which i have only found out today a month and a half later they forgot to give me the form that goes with the documents . 
  then human resources calls me asking me to chase up the background check ( umm , how the fuck can i do this ? 
  that is n't my fault ) . 
  they proceed to forget about that and send me a nice letter formally offering me the job ( it 's my first full time one as well , which makes it all the more desirable ) and gave dates for the induction training . 
  but once more something comes up . 
  i had to sit my final leaver 's exam at my college on the third day of training , and despite the fact that it would 've taken and hour and half out of my time , digging into the first hour of the day 's training , they fucking cancel it because i 'd miss a fucking hour of training . 
  and now here i am , two months since the interview , trying to get hold of the background check document , waiting to hear when the next induction week will be ( hopefully early july , hopefully ) , getting shit from hr for no reason , and slowly digging into the money from my last job 's paychecks to buy food and beer because there is literally nothing else to do but eat and get drunk . 
  is it really this hard to get a job ? 
  i 've had three before and all took just under a month from interview to first day . 
  at least if i do n't start until a few months away , i 'll be at university doing what i love , right ? 
  i 'm very eager to get into uni to follow my longtime goal of qualifying as a nurse and yet , despite having what i 'm told is enough relevant care experience and good qualification grades ( not specific to nursing though ) , i do n't think i could get into uni straightaway without doing the supposedly awful access course . 
  here 's my ` cv ' as it were :, 
  work experience : 1 year as a hca1 in a dementia care unit ( my current job ) , 2 years as a funeral services operative and coroner 's office asst. 
  a-levels : english language a , history b , psychology e, 
  gcses : eng lang a , eng lit a * , combined science b , maths c , history b , media a , drama a , btec in physical education , btec in sport theory , rs a , ict diploma c. 
  is this enough for my ucas application to be considered more than worthwhile ? 
  or would i need to go back into education/take the access course , to gain greater educational nursing training beforehand ? 
  thank you for your time , 
  hi / r/socialskills , i 'm a 19 yo guy living in the uk , with a full-time job , and i 've been living independently for the last 5 months . 
  and i apologise that this may be long-winded , there 's a tl ; dr below . 
  recently i 've noticed myself becoming exceptionally awkward around people when invited to the pub/friend 's birthdays/events etc. 
  - before , when i had a full-time job but was still living with my parents , i had the best social life i could 've imagined for myself : a close-knit group of 6 or so friends , a wonderful girlfriend , plenty of people from college and school i knew well , different social circles i was a part of , and so on . 
  but now ... things are different . 
  have things changed because i 'm adjusting to life having to support myself ? 
  maybe , i 'm not sure . 
  my job does take up a good chunk of my week ( ~ 40hrs , 5 days a week ) . 
  some of my friends have gone off to university which i do n't plan on until next year as a deferred entry . 
  what can i do to put myself back where i was before ? 
  any suggestions would be helpful - i 'm hopelessly lost . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** i used to have a fantastic social life , now i 'm a complete hermit . 
  help !,
