we 're just shy is all ... and apparently all racists ... 
  but then that also brings up the issue of trust , who the hell would want to invest in a country that does n't take up its fair share of debt ? 
  it would look extremely bad on scotland on the world stage . 
  i thought we were already doing that ? 
  how about we work on european stability first before we work on africa, 
  send them our terrible boy bands [ britani brigade bangladeshi bad boys ] ( http://english.alarabiya.net/en/perspective/features/2014/08/25/grinning-britons-caught-on-tape-leaving-uk-to-join-isis.html ), 
  that moment when you realise that if scotland stays and the uk leaves the eu , edinburgh wont be in the eu but if scotland leaves then edinburgh wont be in the eu , atleast for a couple years in which the banks would have moved by then . 
   ireland flag  countrymen lol, 
  i thought sweden was just one big insane asylum ? 
  jk jk your meatballs are like crack to me, 
  it 's not fucking racism its the fact ** they 're literally having gang wars ** even if they were french or in fact lets go with ` white ' we still wouldnt want them . 
  it 's only racist if you make it racist and you sir are making it about racism . 
  wot ya fookin lookin at ya cunt, 
  its okay 90 % of reddit does that anyway . 
  / u/masterofwhisperers why do you have a seperate account purely defending our brothers across the pond ? 
  i would not have a problem with that but you 're going about it in a very cuntish way , you 're taking the views of a small handful of wankers and throwing them in with the banter crowd . 
  while you 're going about changing your attitude get yourself a new copypasta . 
  its not anti- ` murica its just a bit of banter like when we call the cunts , i mean french frog eaters and they call us roast beef ( i forgot what you call us in devil tounge , rosbif or something like that ? ), 
  to hell with your free tuition fees !, 
  what are you ? 
  some sort of commie ? 
  scotland only made that to attack the queens most beloved country eng-ger-land !, 
  eng-ger-land !, 
  eng-ger-land !, 
  ^ i 'm ^ not ^ bitter ^ honest even wales get a better deal goddamit, 
   not being english anymore mate you 've just opened pandora 's box by calling the scots english . 
  ^ i ^ pray ^ for ^ your ^ safety, 
  fuck off , you 're staying with us and coming on a crazy adventure rife with xenophobia where we can set sail on our soon too be ready hms screwyoufrance , roll up to the belgium coastline and launch payloads containing cd 's that only play god save the queen into brussels to show them damn eurocrat 's what for . 
  why have you made two very recent accounts with the sole purpose of bashing the uk in this thread ? 
  do you get told bedtime storys about scary ukip voters who will come and preach hate at you unless you agree with everything our lord and saviour mr farage preaches ? 
   51 %  most of europe lol, 
  this guy posted this in / r/unitedkingdom and is basically getting butthurt at everything that isnt this guys opinion , he does n't live in europe let alone the uk yet pretends he knows whats best for us . 
  i for one would love to stay in the europe however i 'm fine with the current setup , i 'm not an advocate of federalization however i will not oppose it . 
  from the other thread :  most of europe can already speak english and educated government officials are even more likely to speak english . 
  machine translation is also progressing rapidly and traditional translation can also make governing in different languages possible . 
  yes the well educated government can speak english however saying that most of europe can speak english is down right ignorant . 
  damn bulmanians not coming over here and stealing our jobs !, 
  if the public shouts loud enough every party will eventually have to tackle the issue ... 
   so apparently immigrants are okay as long as they are britons stamping over other countries well of course it 's okay , it 's a british past time !, 
  you should downvote me it might loosen you up a little , get rid of some of that anger over a 10 year old joke which is unfortunately still spouted at us by our media . 
  but no seriously that was the viewpoint but now they are generally liked , they intergrated nicely and just get on with life so the job stealing crown has been passed on to the romanians and everyone is still getting worked up on muslims . 
  the united kingdoms ^ ^ hehehehehehe, 
  if they do n't like him then they 're free to come over to jolly ol' england where our politicians are ... actually nevermind tis ' a silly place . 
  god damn single mothers have been smuggling our internet out !, 
  we 're getting a bit uppity now , so where 's a nice place to invade this time of year ? 
  somewhere warm and less wet preferably . 
  the french are starting to agree with us and you know it 's bad when they side with * us * . 
  the uk probably wo n't veto scotland but spain on the other hand does n't want catalonia to get any ideas . 
   rivalries turned into harmless ` banter ' england and france playing the long `` we hate you more than you hate us '' banter game . 
  us brits in recent years have been brought with the `` something for nothing '' mentality . 
  meaning lil ` shits think they should get free money and watch jeremy kyle all day . 
  however ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) i do n't believe others have had such luxury and have been brought up with a correct working ethnic . 
  case closed guys , we can all go home . 
  just not france because if you do we 're not letting your tainted body back in :p, 
  from your other comments i take it that you 're not a big fan of britain . 
  some of those pictures had no or very few romanians in that 's proof if any that they have successfully invaded europe and in response i think we should move to romania because it looks quite nice . 
  did you not see that last picture ? 
  with a smile like that i do n't think he care 's what the rest of the world thinks . 
  he has his dream lift , he 's won , all hail best korea . 
  as a human being i must say that this sucks but as an englishman ... har har take that frenchies !, 
  but still , could of been worse eh ? 
  ^ ^ looking ^ ^ at ^ ^ you ^ ^ greece, 
  i do n't blame them , its not like france and england have had the best relationship in the world ... 
  you fookin wot m8 ? 
  i think he 's saying things like that because of ukip and he 's trying to pander their supporters . 
  probably because all we hear about the e.u is how they keep imposing laws onto us and how they wont let us deport people but the media hardly mention the upsides to being in the e.u. 
  do not come here tis ' a silly place . 
   despite it being on the news constantly i only see mention of the eu when they talk about the upcoming referendum . 
  you 're attached to northern ireland which is in the uk in which england is also in , that basically makes you english . 
  might as well start singing god save the queen while you 're here . 
   according to rifkin , the `` european dream '' is one in which individuals find security not through individual accumulation of wealth , but through connectivity , sustainable development , and respect for human rights . 
  sounds quite lovely . 
  there 's a european dream ? 
  / r/nottheonion this is ridiculous it 's a british past time to get drunk from dawn to ... well dawn on holiday and ruin every one else 's time , we ca n't reclaim the empire so this is next best thing !, 
  i feel bad for having a light hearted chuckle at that . 
  :( pip pip good show lads remember remember the 15th of october time to leave these rapscalians england prevails, 
  i do n't know free movement does have downsides but i do enjoy hopping over the channel and travelling europe for a weekend because hey i can . 
  the eu bailed greece out and put in place measures to help ensure they dont fuck up massively again so the eu is broken ? 
  hmm . 
  the eu is great , trade agreements and free movement !, 
  brilliant !, 
  we 'd lose so much more if we left the eu . 
  all that needs to happen is to let individual countries set their own laws ( to an acceptable point ) brussels forcing new laws in member countries is where the problem lies . 
  sort of like what is happening in england ; `` david cameron is percieved as a cunt and so is ed milliband except we 'll forget that for a second because his dad was attacked and nick clegg is a lying arse who cant keep promises , oh hey ukip is sounding pretty cool '' well that 's basically all i hear when people talk politics , well people do n't talk about ukip but they are growing and the majority * are * thinking the same whether we like it or not . 
  does this mean that when i have to choose a language from a drop down menu the flag next to english will be the english/british flag ? 
  that would make me so happy . 
  i do n't think that 's possible . 
  britain can into warmth now ? 
  this is a bad idea but i think the echr need to realize that when someone supports acts of terrorism or in fact carries it out they have given up their rights . 
  you have taken human life unfairly and before their time why should you be treated with any kindness . 
   forcing long-term unemployed people to work for free . 
  not really they 're working for their money , like a job , but a poorly paid one . 
  one cup of tea lasts about 5 minutes . 
  me and my friends just made a new amercian friend and she was instantly surprised on how much we throw insults at one another . 
  this must be irelands new passive-aggressive way of 1 upping the uk :p, 
  english complain about the french , french complain about the english . 
  god help the population of the surviving country if either one of these were wiped off the map . 
  i guess the way to increase the uk 's happiness rating is to broadcast ed milliband being punched in the face . 
  where the hell are you drinking ? 
  # 3.30 for a pint here m8 that way people can order more drinks which lets you stockpile the glasses for the honorary pub brawl .
