is there any chance , that your virtual ram is disabled ? 
  also , you should show exact error message . 
  or maybe that error is related to video ram ? 
  try to increase virtual memory . 
  that error is on specific game only , or on all games ? 
  i think it should be similiar on all os . 
  first you should make sure its not disabled at all . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm glad it helped . 
  4521 - deadcore, 
  just some crazy guess , but maybe after swap games start to use integrated video , because some uefi settings related to video adapter changed ? 
  if games identify your video card , then its probably something other , that cause problems . 
  well you can boot into bios to be sure . 
  it should be somewhere in advanced tab . 
  first , try to unplug all usb devices . 
  thank you, 
  no comments, 
  paint.net can open this file type . 
  ca n't say anything about other editors . 
  mass effect 2, 
  just a small potato : o, 
  rocket league, 
  you could check your hdd activity , maybe some programs constantly do something in background . 
  cities skylines, 
  4236 - mirrors edge, 
  supreme commander 2, 
  didi you reinstalled os ? 
  if no , then did you removed all drivers related to old mainboard ? 
  42 - trine 2, 
  625 - mirrors edge, 
  probably mafia 1, 
  thank you, 
  256 - lara croft and the guardian of light, 
  i think geforce 310m is to weak for this game . 
  i think lego games can be played coop on same pc, 
  1025 - lara croft and the guardian of light, 
  keep it clean to prevent high temperatures . 
  me , me , me ... 
  i want it !, 
  i do n't use proxy . 
  well i 'm using mobile internet and starting to think its something related to my isp . 
  few days ago , i also tried on my mobile phone ( same operator ) to login via web page , but it also have n't worked , but today it seems started to work on my mobile phone . 
  but on my computer it still does n't work . 
  my origin started to without doing anything . 
  now i can login both via origin client , and web login seems to work also . 
  i think i did n't changed anything , and it started to work by itself . 
  29 - total war : napoleon collection, 
  my one of favourites games is probably mafia 1 . 
  put consoles on the floor, 
  i 'm in . 
  probably your gpu is dying . 
  or if that did n't happened with older drivers its also possible , that drivers cause that . 
  probably yes . 
  once i could n't start steam too . 
  if i remember computer restart helped . 
  killing via task manager may help also . 
  some time ago i read about kingston ssds having some problems with performance after some time , but do n't know if its related . 
  edit, 
  that speed means up to 450mb/s , but it doesnt mean constant speed . 
  have you tested speed before ? 
  i do n't see any reasons , why you could n't use it like regular pc . 
  to my knowledge it just regular computer . 
  of course there may be some problems adding additional ssd , because of not enough space in some cases , but i 'm not sure about that . 
  trine series games support up to 3 players . 
  im joining for rainbow six siege, 
  some extra guilt : those games were from first tier humble bundle , so that was probably 1 $, 
  thank you for giveaway, 
  for me it looks like there is problem with saving cookies . 
  check test drive unlimited 2 and ~ ~ burnout paradise ~ ~ . 
  i think both have free roam . 
  i havent played it , i just mentioned it , because i read that it has free roam . 
  have you tried pressing wifi key on keyboard to which enable/disable wifi adapter ? 
  i read , that some people forgot that and searching for problems which is caused by disabled wifi adapter . 
  also you can check if adapter is enabled in bios . 
  salve ;, 
  unless you keep your pc in direct sunlight , otherwise i do n't see how that could help . 
  maybe portal series and the talos principle, 
  i do n't remember how long is portal 2 main story , but i think there is more than enough players created levels in workshop . 
  check notebook manufacturer 's website . 
  all needed drivers should be there . 
  i think i have similiar with my notebook and windows 8.1 . 
  sometimes , after awaking from sleep , computer seems awaken , but after about 3 seconds , it returns to sleep and i have to awaken it second time . 
  after second time it stays awaken . 
  there is some kind of advanced options in realtek manager , maybe this may help : http://www.sevenforums.com/sound-audio/280951-realtek-disable-jack-detection.html, 
  also you could try some different way by using some kind audio jack splitter and by using both devices at the same time , however i have n't used such thing personally , so i have no idea about quality . 
  maybe your mouse is faulty , have you tried other mouse or that mouse on other computer ? 
  it looks like ad . 
  maybe ad provider has been hacked or something . 
  right click on friend 's name and press join or invite, 
  i would like dirt rally . 
  thank you for giveaway . 
  entering 2034, 
  in my opinion there is no harm , because all cooling vents are usually on the sides and on the bottom . 
  i have no idea , what tolerance screens have against heat . 
  are you working alone on this game ? 
  what game engine are you using ? 
  game art looks nice . 
  keep it up and do n't lose your motivation . 
  i always wanted to do some game developing but i 'm really lazy and lose motivation as soon as i start ( :, 
  i think starting steam in offline mode , lets you play not updated games .
