  it 's cool to be square in here . 
  everyone who wanted democracy moved to other countries , while private businesses were being destroyed with corruption and raiding . 
  the result ? 
  death of the middle class . 
  hordes upon hordes of uneducated white trash . 
  all they want is to prove that they are superior to anyone else . 
  you know why i 'm on reddit ? 
  because i 'm sick of those people . 
  i apologize -- it 's not nice to call them out , and i 'll probably make an impression of a hateful person , but it 's true . 
  i 'm sick of that disgusting homophobic crowd who live by laws of jail inmates . 
  i 'm sick of that brash behavior from people born with a single purpose in life to be the biggest assholes possible to everyone . 
  i never even reply to russians on the internet anymore , it 's pointless . 
  it 's like arguing with a monkey -- you 'll just get shit thrown at you . 
  they are like savages -- and you 've seen our dashcam videos , people climbing god knows what , 37 million dollar watches on politicians . 
  the worst of reddit does n't even compare with those people . 
  but the biggest testament to their arrogance is that many of them firmly believe the propaganda . 
  you have to be completely stupid and kicked in the head to do this . 
  but they do . 
  and until they do , you 'll likely wo n't have many friends from russia . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  i see it as clear as you do : you meet those people with a greeting and a smile , but all you get is a suspicious evil look . 
  and i understand what you feel . 
  not all russians are like that , but most are . 
  the environment here is incredibly hostile towards nice and educated people . 
  but the best people i know come from st. petersburg . 
  probably the most progressive city in russia . 
  try people from there -- they are not that far from europeans . 
  best of luck . 
   just some fun stuff . 
  ussr/russia has occupied estonia more than once . 
  so one time when they came here , they burned all the estonian books . 
  then they printed out their own to replace the burned books and claimed that before they came here , we had no culture , nothing in writing . 
  under this statement they basically tried to destroy our culture ( and largely succeeded ) . 
  unfortunately i have no links . 
  ah , i wish you had any links ... but this is ... this is just below what you 'd expect , even from ussr . 
  of all things , i hate fabrications of history the most . 
  but that is just beyond that . 
  to destroy people 's culture and claim they did n't have it is what i 'd expect from some dark sci-fi . 
   russians here did not watch the estonian news , despite there being a russian version on estonian tv every day . 
  they watched the russian goverment produced stuff . 
  and those swine have a nerve to protest ? ... i think there 's no cure for being russian . 
  pardon me , but stuff like this just enrages me . 
  either you learn to live like a citizen of a civilized country , or go back to your shithole motherland . 
  `` reconsider the the apology '' reminded me of george constanza taking back the tip from a waiter . 
  it 's the same degree of awkward . 
  you know , there was a great quote from one russian writer : `` taking back crimea was considered by russian government to be a an internal affair . 
  because everything happening in russia and in the world has been an internal affair for russia , since stalin . '', 
  i admit i have n't laughed at something political for a long time . 
  but this is spot-on . 
  you know , russia does n't act like a civilized country . 
  it acts like mafia , like a criminal mob . 
  apparently , everything it does is not to be judged or interrupted by anyone else . 
  it 's somehow a law that once you 're russian , you can be targeted by fsb or whatever in any country , and that country must just take it as it is . 
  russia continues to act like it 's the only country in the world which has to be considered with . 
  yes , i noticed that too . 
  i think poles are an incredible nation really -- very optimistic and friendly . 
  i still have great memories from my trip to poland . 
  never did i feel a hint of any hostility from people at all . 
  thank you . 
  i really wanted to learn about the soviet occupation of baltic states from facts , not from propaganda . 
  these events are continued to be denied by russian government . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll be sure to read these , saving for later , because it 's already night here . 
  these topics are taboo in russia . 
  the important part about the russian relationship with baltic countries is that today russia does n't even view itself as guilty of anything . 
  look at germany : everyone is cool with it today . 
  it has apologized , perhaps some would say that it was even more than necessary . 
  nobody in their mind will blame germany for wwii today -- in worst case they will blame nazis and hitler . 
  but russia ridiculed any attempts by baltic countries to receive any compensations for what happened to them , or at least just simple acknowledgement of what happened . 
  it did n't change much from soviet times at all . 
  i just meant to say that it 's very said and unnatural state of events . 
   i dont have a problem with people writing `` to berlin '' on their cars , whatever . 
  what i find less funny is this in the current days . 
  i do n't follow russian news because they are 90 % propaganda . 
  but when i do , i still regret it , because things like that happen more often then you might know . 
  russia has gone out of its way in the recent years to embarrass itself in any way possible , but this ? ... sometimes i just wish it all was just a bad dream . 
  we just ca n't have so many inbred people in one country ... or can we ? 
   fun fact : you probably know this picture - this was actually a very early retouch job , in the original version , the right soldier was wearing a second , looted watch did n't know that . 
  the irony . 
  i bet you 100 euros that if approached about it , russian politicians would say that 2 watches were needed for monitoring both moscow and berlin time . 
   my government has done lots of shit things as well . 
  maybe , but i 'm yet to hear about anyone from mi8 going to russia to ` silence ' a russian citizen because he was dangerous to the crown . 
  and yeah , i 'm basically asking for the criticism of my country , so it 'd be very dumb of me to get angry at people . 
  your comments are very interesting , thank you . 
  well , glad to know ussr did n't get its hands at least somewhere . 
  i really wish russia just stayed within its 17 million square kilometres of land and tried to actually solve its own domestic problems for once . 
  this was honestly the kind of post i was hoping to see . 
  thank you very much . 
  poland has suffered so much from russia , that i doubt my country will * ever * have enough shame to face it all . 
  as you noted , it started long before xxth century . 
  you know , there 's a joke : '' -- what was your sweetest revenge ? 
  -- i lived incredibly well '' . 
  of course i do n't say that poland is in any way having it easy -- but on my trip to the country , i saw that it was far better there than in russia . 
  the irony : years of hyper-profits from oil trade , and my country still is poor and full of inbred people . 
  it 's 2015 , and we are still playing ussr . 
  did n't know at all about the population transfers . 
  that 's the kind of things i wanted to learn about . 
  thank you again for making this comment . 
  thank you , did n't know about that . 
  yeah , i get that people in uk , for example , probably were n't really bullied by ussr in any way .
