thanks !, 
  well , definitely there are many nice russians who have a lot of common sense . 
  they would n't be out of place in eastern europe . 
  the problem is , they are very silent about it . 
  i think they have been forced to be very silent , while the trash was taught to be very vocal . 
  it 's been like this historically from ussr times -- you risked your life and social position for expressing any disagreement , but you could pave your road in society praising the regime , and no one would say anything about you . 
  i 've met plenty russians which are actually kind and smart , but they almost never discuss politics and know how to keep their mouth shut . 
  also , they usually have few friends . 
  trust me , i do n't believe for a second that putin has an approval rating this high . 
  his regime has deliberately destroyed any other democratic party in the country . 
  his party is voted for because otherwise , people have two alternatives : kprf ( communists , want the country to go back to being ussr ) and ldpr ( ties to football fans and neo-nazis , its leader is a troll ) . 
  they are allowed to compete as long as they do n't criticize putin . 
  democrats have been denied to be candidates in elections under false premises , and have faced enormous obstacles in their way . 
  the reality is that most people are sick to death of corruption , misery , and rotten economics , and they wish they had a good president and government who formed strong ties to the west . 
  truly , there is plenty of white trash in this country , who care only about alchohol and cigarette prices and think russia is the center of the earth . 
  but if russia was to hold fair elections with media not being controlled by state , putin would wind up in jail with all his friends . 
  russians are not just stupid or unable to work by any means . 
  many russian programmers made it in the west and other countries , for example . 
  if the country was in the right hands , i believe we 'd see another russia -- a liberal state with developed economics , rich resources and huge potential . 
  but instead we will likely forever be losers , unable to face the fact that we destroy ourselves and others with our ideology and disregard for people 's lives , because for a positive shift to happen , not only the government , but the people have to change drastically . 
  we should realize that if we do n't put our shit together , we 'll forever lose our ties to the west and become a third-world dictatorship . 
  we need to compare ourselves to europe and see that we have been wrong , and communism simply does n't work , but hard work , free market , free speech and capitalism does . 
  currently , we continue to build a hell for ourselves , and do n't want anyone to stop us . 
  as for tsarist russia , it was incredibly racist and nationalist . 
  antisemitism still runs in people 's blood , along with almost primal hatred for most neighbor nations . 
  granted , it was before xxth century and the rise of humanism -- i have no illusion about it . 
  yet i ca n't help but feel that for centuries they 've taken eastern europe as some slaves they 've been entitled to , and did n't feel any shame about it . 
  uprisings in these countries were seen as things as annoying as clogged sewage , and the army was sent to deal with them without any concern . 
  last note : unfortunately , as painful as it is for me to say , you 'll probably meet mostly bad russian people . 
  i 'm not even talking about political views -- i 'm talking about simply being kind to others . 
  better russians understood long ago that it 's impossible to live in their homeland and moved wherever they could . 
  or they stay , work from 9 to 5 , and save money to get out of the country or at least build their own little `` refuge '' . 
  russian intelligentsia was continuously being wiped out throughout the xxth century . 
  those more or less smart people who remained came through living hell -- army , jails , gulag , relocations , and such . 
  all while if you were poor , dumb , and praised communists , the road to higher echelons of power was open to you . 
  that way , ussr carefully nurtured arrogance and stupidity in people , knowingly or not . 
  so the modern day people of russia are the result of that unnatural selection . 
  there are still good people among them , but just be prepared for the worst in most cases . 
  i had no idea ... thank you for sharing this . 
  thank you very , very much for putting all this effort into making this comment . 
  i have n't read a better-written summary of what happened in estonia in my life . 
  i 've heard of estonian people who said that they 'd rather be conquered by nazis ; this explains it all . 
  i admit i knew little about the history of estonia . 
  your comment shed a new light on it for me , better than a textbook would . 
  truly , it was a fault of bolsheviks . 
  but they have also bred the new soviet man , who fully supported their policies , and only cared about the vodka prices . 
  now this type of people continues to support putin . 
  communism was not a regime , but a decease , killing millions and raising the generations of brainwashed people . 
  i still hear some hostility towards estonians in russia . 
  finland is the country russian government pretends does n't exist . 
  because next to it , it 's plain as day that russia is just a failure . 
  lo and behold : finland , a country horribly oppressed and invaded for centuries , lives much better than its oppressor , and is one of the most progressive states in the world . 
  finnish gdp was 67 % higher than that of russia -- the country is literally 50 times smaller , for crying out loud !, 
  if it 's not a testament to fins ' greatness , i do n't know what is . 
  reading this really made me feel sorry ... you know , i have n't met many moldovans in my life . 
  russians have bad stereotypes of them , but they contradict completely with what i saw with my own eyes . 
  moldovans were really beautiful , friendly , nice people . 
  i just ca n't wrap my mind around how ussr was so keen on destroying cultures . 
  this is a crime against humanity no one talks about . 
  people with their own rich culture were deliberately made to look inferior to russians . 
  how full of yourself you have to be claim your culture is the only real one , and everything else is disposable ? 
  all in all , in ussr 's eyes , there was no value in human life . 
  all it really cared for was to bring the plague of of its regime to as many countries as possible , and eradicate any resistance and identities . 
  anyone who says anything against moldovans is a bigot in my eyes . 
  looks like you were right . 
  i was wrong after all . 
  well , at least i 've learned something . 
  i think it 's too late to fix my post , but i 'll do that anyway . 
  actually , thanks for the tip . 
  i did n't know about / r/askhistorians . 
  but i also was n't against seeing people 's subjective opinions , if they posted them . 
  i just try to see russia without rose-tinted glasses . 
  i simply apply the same standards to it as to us or uk . 
  why should we make an exception for russia ? 
  what makes it so much better than others that it ca n't be held responsible for anything it does ? 
  you have a point , and i knew a comment like this would come up . 
  i was actually thinking about this . 
  but can you imagine fbi sending a killer to assassinate snowden ? 
  or uk blatantly sending army to ireland to `` protect british citizens '' , holding a shady referendum there , and calling it its own ? 
  or even sending troops there in trucks disguised as red cross , orchestrating the separation of people 's republic of dublin ? 
  you know , that 's the difference : if there 's a jar of cookies on the table , us or uk might sneakily pick one or two from it . 
  if approached about it , they will apologize , say they were really hungry and wo n't do that anymore . 
  russia will eat all of the cookies , take the jar , and will blackmail and torture anyone who saw anything . 
  a whole wikia could be made about the subject ... 
  i 'll be sure to read these , thank you . 
  thank you for making this timeline . 
  because -- as horrifying as that sounds -- i was starting to feel * lost * in all the crimes ussr has committed to poland . 
  it 's not funny , but really sad . 
  i knew that would rustle some people 's jimmies . 
  did n't read , not interested . 
  i like how the top pro-russia comment is from a chinese guy -- how unexpected , really !, 
  thank you -- i was completely unaware about what happened to your nation . 
  racist views in russia do n't allow information like this to surface often . 
  as for chechens ... it was just scary . 
  famous russian journalist anna politkovskaya was killed because she told too much about it . 
  innocent people dying , being tortured . 
  i was shocked when i was reading what she wrote . 
  nowadays , chechnya is a horrifying police state . 
  i wish it all did n't happen . 
  that is very true .
