  i think with all the talk about the west wiping out other cultures , too few people talk about russia wiping out european cultures , and this is a far more real problem than some would care to admit . 
  it was very close to what nazis were doing . 
  that is horrifying , but no one wants to see it for what it was . 
  russian policies in eastern europe and baltic were downright fascist and colonialist . 
  the difference is , germany has apologized . 
  russia did n't even bother mentioning an event so `` small '' , in its mind . 
  not really . 
  putin basically tries to resurrect the general ussr attitude towards everything : hatred to us , denial of previous crimes , etc. 
  it 's one thing if everybody said `` sorry , we swear we wo n't do that anymore '' . 
  it 's another thing when you continue despicable activities in former ussr states and tell everybody they have to deal with it . 
  this way , we could just rename our country every time we annoy everybody to the limit . 
  `` coming 2016 : tracksuitland ( we claim no responsibility for the past events ) '' . 
  not really 300 years old ... i understand the `` standards '' were quite low back then of course . 
  i was thinking more in the lines of katyn , bronze night and xxth century in general . 
  and you know , somehow uk remembers and admits it has owned colonies . 
  in us people remember the slavery and the war against native americans . 
  but russia tries to appear infallible of anything . 
  i just apply the same standards to it as to the rest of the world . 
  it 's a generalization though . 
  and i get it that if a attacked b , a might teach people it was justified defense , and b might claim it was planned genocide . 
  but if we take a listen to both perspectives , we can compile a more factual picture ; both sides might have arguments they hide and focus on . 
  when people present reliable evidence , backed by wikipedia articles and scientific studies , they are helping us evaluate facts for ourselves , without the interference of government , society and whatnot . 
  luckily , this thread has a lot of factual information . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i 'll be sure to read what you shared . 
  that 's exactly what i wanted to learn from actual people . 
  and yeah , i agree with your point of view . 
  sooner or later , common sense will prevail . 
  thanks . 
  well , i think this sub is n't really that anti-russian -- just pro-common sense . 
  truly horrifying , heh . 
  interesting !, 
  never expected anyone to say this . 
  sometimes people forget that nazi regime was a tragedy for german people too . 
  i think that people from the white rose were real heroes . 
  i just wanted to let people know that i 'm open-minded about it ... i expected a very strong backlash , because honestly , most russians like to talk shit about europe on the internet . 
  turned out the responses were far friendlier than i expected . 
  so i did n't really need to sound that self-deprecating . 
  i was thinking that it might be a very touchy topic , and if i was n't careful enough , it 'd be like rubbing salt into a wound . 
  also , i rarely if ever read comments in this sub , so i probably sound too nice and all . 
  well , better too nice than too rude i guess . 
  i am not hurt by it because i understand that russians are all different . 
  there were people like sakharov , and there are people like , i do n't know , putin . 
  if you think i 'm too self-deprecating , just say it to my face , cyka . 
  just kidding . 
  oh please , stop it . 
  what makes you think i 'm such an asshole ? 
  it 's not fun to ask people a question like mine for fun . 
  that would be just low . 
  i understand the subscription to political subs might have made you doubt the sincerity of posts like mine . 
  i am just glad people told me the part of the russian history like it should have been told . 
  if you think that it makes me go `` ololol i 've trolled yurop '' , while laughing hysterically with dorito crumbs dropping from my neckbeard , you 're wrong . 
  i do n't even eat doritos . 
  nope . 
  i never post on / r/europe . 
  oh well , i had one post before , but that was a long time ago . 
  i do n't want to tell my real account . 
  russian government monitors some parts of reddit . 
  i 've seen plenty kremlin shills there and i do n't want them to chase me and downvote brigade me . 
  and if i share it with anyone privately , i fear it 'll be disclosed here immediately . 
  but i guess you will be greatly disappointed anyway because it 's not anything interesting , really . 
  plus , i 'm not that political ... for real . 
  i did n't want to clutter my main account with politics-related stuff . 
  i already got banned from / r/pyongyang . 
  i 'm not . 
  i spoke from my personal perspective ... if i was trolling , that would be really , really rude . 
  i go on reddit to enjoy a conversation with nice people -- i am not that vile . 
  i 've been carrying the idea for this post for months . 
  finally , i decided i really needed to know what i wanted . 
  i understand it might sound weird . 
  but this is how i felt all my life . 
  oh really ? 
  i want to maintain a certain degree of anonymity , so it 's hard to give you proofs in easy ways . 
  but i 'll tell you here , that i 've lived in russia all my life , i hate this country , and do n't want to live there anymore . 
  oh well , solzhenitsyn straight up denied it -- it 's mentioned on wikipedia . 
  i am prone to mistakes -- i am speaking from my general understanding , what i 've heard on tv over the years ( back when i was actually watching it ) . 
  it 's all just my perspective , please do n't ruin this for everyone . 
  i am sorry you might be offended . 
  i only wanted to know more about these events . 
  we are being told putin has 86 % approval in moscow according to social studies . 
  this means people approve of what he did in crimea . 
  many think he is the savior of russia , and that ukraine and georgia are trying to join the evil us . 
  plenty deny 9/11 , believe in world zionist government , hate jews , say that us wants to eradicate the russians who are apparently the only sane nation left . 
  in other words , russian people are not very different from their government right now . 
  thank you for your kind words !, 
  ( sorry for a late reply -- was at work ) . 
  you see , russian population is n't homogenous . 
  i was raised by parents and teachers in the times of yeltsin . 
  those times are marked with crime going through the roof , some very questionable reforms , etc. 
  but for one thing , for the first time in the xxth century , people could have seen democracy and freedom of speech with their own eyes . 
  i was lucky enough to grow with exposure to these ideas . 
  but yeltsin could n't last long . 
  and what we got was a kgb guy . 
  who took us back to ussr , but kept market economy . 
  the fragile young sprout of democracy was once again eaten by the weed of censorship , propaganda , and state interference . 
  and suddenly , i realized that there are n't that many of us . 
  in the '90s , everyone shouted about democracy being the best thing ever . 
  but when i grew up , it turned out that i was a minority . 
  but there 's more . 
  there 's been an ongoing onslaught of arrogant assholes ( pardon my french ) in russia .
