  lol . 
  if you read the article you sent me , you 'd read that they were bringing nazi 's from the nazi era to court . 
  can you show me any `` real nazis '' , meaning , nsdap members that were active after ww2 ? 
   you sweet summer child why do you leftist loonie types all use the same expressions from / r/shitredditsays  but tbf that is what germans of that generation did say happened . 
  they are right, 
   actual nazis those stopped existing after germany surrendered also having certain political views doesnt make you look threathening, 
  idk , i saw a video of them dressed in black clothes , hoodies and shawls in front of their face and all , carrying torches . 
  they looked more threatening than a neonazi rally, 
  i suppose that 's one way to look at it , but not everybody will find it a legitimate change and agree with it . 
  a slow change from within is different from a rapid change caused by foreigners, 
  funny how you destroy the property of people you claim to represent, 
  that guy is a hero lol . 
  i once saw he went to an anime convention lmao . 
   i ca n't imagine what we would do without you . 
  torch `` the working class '' cars ? 
  what does it matter that it is n't static though ? 
  ca n't you protect what is yours when it can change slowly over time ? 
  that 's stupid, 
  i 'm not sure what would fuck up turkey more , erdogan or anarchist communism . 
  seems kinda gross, 
  does n't that thing get baked ? 
  i know those kind of people , you can find them here in the netherlands too . 
  they 're usually cringy anime weeboo types . 
  they often switch to english among themselves because they can `` express themselves better in english '' . 
  in reality the reason they sometimes ca n't find the dutch word they 're looking for is because they completely surround themselves with english all day . 
  their english is also always bad with poor grammar and a small vocabulary , half their sentences consisting of fillers such as `` like '' , `` literally '' etc. 
  time to abolish swedish, 
  how about a more breton speaking brittany ? 
  ugh why did n't they just use stone instead of concrete . 
  do n't you learn dutch now in schools in nord pas de calais ? 
  where did your great-great-grandfather live ? 
  i wonder how far south/west the dutch language extended back then . 
  you are right that learning the local language here is n't important , or more accurately , not vital . 
  you however would n't be a full part of society since you 'd still be cut off from dutch conversations in the pub , at birthdays etc. 
  dutch people wo n't always accommodate you by switching to english . 
  you would only have an advantage over locals for jobs like a touring operator or something similar . 
  anything else ? 
  good luck not knowing dutch . 
  same here . 
  a pretty rediculous answer, 
  lol i actually wanted to write that at the end of my post but scrapped it as it seemed too bitter . 
   apart from german , italian , french , spanish , polish and portuguese that seems oddly random and specific . 
   any language that is not used for anything else than friend , family and colleagues and where foreign films/books are not translated ... 
  in the netherlands dutch is the only language of society , as in , the workplace , education , etc. 
  if you would speak english here as a dutch person people would find you very strange . 
  english films and books are translated . 
  like i said i dont know any european national language that is only used for chatting and replaced by english in any other setting  these languages are clearly not endangered but they are no longer self-sufficient and the citizens arguably need english more than their own native language to live in the country . 
  ... what ? 
  have you ever visited any country besides germany/italy/france / spain/poland/portugal ? 
  even in the netherlands many people ( usually lower educated ) are practically monolingual . 
  you do n't need english at all . 
   while in the netherlands your typical grandma could speak a perfect english this is simply not true . 
  my grandparents generation only know a few words here and there but can barely form an english sentence . 
  my parents generation can communicate but are far from fluent . 
  it seems like you do n't really know what youre talking about . 
  pretty much only by ultra-orthodox, 
  do you speak alsatian yourself ? 
  fun fact , brussels was a completely dutch speaking city in the heart of flanders , until belgium became independent and it 's francophile government banned dutch . 
   at least french will not become a picturesque local language that is never spoken outside of the daily life like some european languages are . 
  such as ? 
  honest question since i do n't know of any such national language ( except irish and maltese ) . 
  how many languages does italy have that are truly unintelligible with standard italian ? 
  german , sardinian , arberesh and griko ? 
  i do n't think wehrmacht nostalgia is too bad . 
  after all the wehrmacht was the non-politic conscription army and the war is already 72 years ago . 
  germans need to move on at some point . 
  would you say the negativity of german society towards soldiers pushes the soldiers into wehrmacht admiration and far-right political views ? 
  perhaps people willing to serve already are more likely to have such views to start with ? 
   that does not help to fight people who dream from times when german soldiers were respected . 
  the most recent times being . . the nazi period ? 
  there is no european culture , just national cultures, 
  are you literally saying being unemployed is worse than being killed by jihadists ? 
  actually putin and russia are frequently bashed on / pol / , putin worship seems more like a / r/the _ donald thing, 
  if you knew how to read , you 'd know that he is talking about moscow , not russia in general . 
  why do n't they have 6 kids ? 
  that 's how black and muslim immigrants do it here lol, 
  did n't he pay underage belly dancers/escorts ? 
  did n't erdogan say he got called an armenian as a kid ? 
  i think that armenian as a swear word was around way before nagorno karabakh, 
  erdogans wife and the woman next to her look extremely uncomfortable lol . 
  ca n't blame them to be honest , that transgender looks like marilyn manson, 
  what kind of separatists are there in france ? 
  basque ? 
  afrikaans sounds like a southern dutch dialect spoken by a disabled person ( because there is no verb conjugation ) . 
  why do i always see complains about the nhs , what is the deal with it ? 
  i 'd murder that guy, 
  can we please have a thread without mentioning trump, 
  we were independent for centuries before our current kingdom was made by the brits and germans, 
  refugees from trabzon during ottoman times , they fled after the ottoman-russian wars, 
  if it is only called a muslim ban by name but it is n't in practice , it 's not a muslim ban . 
  see , a travel ban , not a muslim ban . 
  syrian christians are banned too . 
   muslim ban you mean a list of hostile or unstable countries made by the obama administration . 
  people from saudi arabia , turkey , indonesia etc are free to come and go . 
  why does n't america reinvent it 's political system ? 
  obviously the two party system creates many problems and nearly always forces people to choose the `` lesser evil '', 
  it still has to, 
  where do you live/which language did you grow up speaking ? 
  why were you and your father forced ? 
  breton is n't a dialect , it is a fully independent language not even part of the romance family .
