africa will increase from 1 billion to 4 billion this century . 
  if any place should decrease in population , its there . 
  yes , they get sent to youth jail , at least here . 
  so you disapprove of that ? 
  so in your view , you can go outside raping people and avoiding jail as long as you are a minor ? 
  yes but when that finally happens they 'll be around 2 million people and a majority in many areas , but nobody seems to mind , instead they are bothered by hardworking polish plumbers and mechanics , quite bizarre if you ask me . 
  then how did the pakistani population of britain go from 119,000 in 1971 to 1,174,983 in 2011 ? 
  its even a 400,000 increase compared to 2001 . 
  there are many rape scandals with pakistanis in the uk , not with poles . 
  i do n't understand how the british do n't see that the immigration problem is a problem from within , these days . 
  but pakistanis and nigerians still come freely through your commonwealth . 
  but i thought you wanted less immigrants , not more ? 
  so educated europeans must be banned entry , but any other country in the world is fine ? 
  which requirements ? 
  being literate , skilled and educated seems less likely for africans . 
  so you 'd rather have 150,000 africans than 150,000 europeans ? 
  how do you have internet ? 
  they are a menace to society because of their behavior , not poverty . 
  ive never heard of this , do you have more information ? 
  where do you live now ? 
  churchill ? 
  azerbeidzjan is shia though . 
   in the very western part by the ocean do you speak breton ? 
  does your surrounding speak it ? 
  the last part is german yes . 
  it looks like it has n't changed that much . 
  i suppose the biggest difference is in technical and scientific vocabulary . 
  thanks for the information , 
  that was informative , thanks . 
  the standard dutch language was developed in a similar way . 
  i 've read that the estonian language written by the germans did n't use estonian grammar , but german grammar , is this true ? 
  i thought the standard estonian language borrowed a lot of estonian dialectical words , south estonian words and finnish words to replace german words . 
  can you tell me more about this ? 
  how different is estonian of today to the estonian before the standard was created ? 
  can you elaborate on how it helped the estonian language ? 
  that 's interesting seeing how puristic icelandic is . 
  did the developers of the standard language never try to reverse it ? 
  what does he want to replace it with ? 
  i see aromanian uses `` ie '' . 
  you can now, 
  may i piss on your grave then when you 're dead , since there 's no `` you '' anymore ? 
  why do you live there ? 
  do you have citizenship because of your ancestry ? 
  is the language at least becoming more `` cool '' ? 
  france got rid of dialects by creating a shame culture surrounding them so that people would feel backwards speaking them . 
  so is alsatian/german becoming more popular amongst the youth and gaining more status as an identity symbol and such ? 
  i believe the department of lorraine included in the german empire was moselle , what about them , are they poor too ? 
  i see you are alsatian . 
  do you speak german ? 
  are you young or old ? 
  how many young people speak it ? 
  is there more attention for the language now like in brittany and the basque country ? 
  france has been splitting up alsace-lorraine and eradicating the german language ever since ww2 . 
  well we have some recent problems here with a tradition called zwarte piet . 
  blacks from the caribbean and surinamese blacks try to get it banned ( although theyre a small minority and most blacks do n't care at all ) which causes a backlash from native dutch people who say that they should go back to where they came from . 
  i guess people who are n't dutch should n't have anything to say about the indigenous culture and customs . 
  if you have anything against that , i advice you to ask the native americans what happened to their cultures . 
  do you really think whites in europe started seeing themselves white because of blacks in america ? 
  that 's rediculous . 
  racial awareness has been a thing for ages , even in ancient egypt . 
  no they 're not dutch , they do n't even see themselves as dutch in an ethnic way . 
  you 're looking at it from an america-centric view and portraying it over the rest of the world . 
  what do europeans have to do with americans and their slaves, 
   pfft if we were talking 150 years ago you 'd be nothing but some large brow polack who farms the dirt with your fingers , could n't possibly compare to proper folks of english decent . 
  racist, 
  that is n't snow ... 
  could it be because speakers of standard basque are l2 speakers and thus do n't speak it natively ? 
  standard breton sounds very much like french because most people are l2 speakers , but elderly rural speakers sound more celtic . 
  that must be awkward, 
  nobody uses it though, 
  how do n't you understand your own language ? 
  no bosnian slav, 
  that 200,000-something number for turks sounds like they counted settlers as well . 
   not to mention that in their mind the west will be the illiberal place that bans them from going to the beach ... great , i hope they 'll go back to some more liberal places then, 
  its just precautionary . 
  why does n't turkey scrap its army ? 
  where did he call brits subhuman ? 
  damn tricked dutch guys . 
  do you speak breton yourself ? 
  imagine an ethnic albanian elected as mayor of belgrade , and who then starts tweeting in albanian . 
  your country has a lot of problems . 
  demographically you might be taken over by ethnic albanians soon ( future ethnic conflict/seperatism ? 
  ) , your country has a lot of corruption issues , there is the name problem with greece ( which greece is right about , i have to say ) . 
  it would n't be a positive thing for the other countries in the eu . 
  what 's the difference between a citadel and a cetate and cet\u0103\u021buie ? 
  that 's not true . 
  they moved out of poland when they could , because of communism . 
  the communists were against zionism so they certainly would n't expel jews so that they can migrate to israel . 
  yes that 's true . 
  but the 10 % remainder went to israel and america or assimilated . 
  they still had 300,000 jews after the war , many emigrated as well . 
   ( nb : you are not corsican if both your parents arnt corsicans ... you didnt know that ? 
  ooooh too bad ) can this sentence be even more salty ? 
  what are you on ? 
  i do n't understand the point of your post . 
  are you asking me whether parisians should n't be called parisians when not both their parents are parisian , like in corsica ? 
  i do n't care what people there call eachother and do n't understand your argument . 
   `` the people '' lol . 
  are you calling them sub-humans ? 
   then the people want equality .
