  except ireland 's economy was n't based on organised crime . 
  they 're all here taking our jobs, 
  who cares what you think, 
  they will never be swedes, 
  yup , it only goes one way . . 
  are you moving to italy as well or will you move to a different country using your italian passport ? 
  pierogo make slav strong, 
  no , but i see the same thing when irish people talk on other subs or on social media . 
  even when i go to / r/ireland itself it 's all i read . 
  `` we need to let it die '' , `` we should n't waste our time on it '' etc. 
  well apparently irish people do n't care if they 're fine to speak english , many actively hating and hoping their `` native '' language dies . 
  languages being forbidden by occupants has happened in ukraine , poland , lithuania , estonia , latvia , moldova , kosovo , slovakia etc. 
  ireland is nothing special . 
  if the irish were n't so undeveloped you 'd have established your own empire . 
  it 's just how things went . 
  almost every country of current eastern europe was occupied till the 19th or 20th century by empires , but all of them retained their language . 
  the czechs nearly lost theirs but revived it . 
  only the irish let their language die because it 's `` useless '' and then blame the imperial nation of the language death . 
  you are just lazy crybabies . 
  what a way to play a victim . 
  i am dutch , not english . 
  if you people stuck the energy of being so butthurt about the english into saving your language , it would already make a big difference . 
  however nearly all irish i speak with say `` i already speak english , irish is useless , chinese is more useful '' . 
  quite bizarre . 
  so you are n't a native speaker of any language ? 
  and if irish is your `` native '' language , why do n't you show off your skill . 
  needing to learn it in school already means it is n't your native language . 
  it is not indigenous to ireland , but it is the native language of most of the irish people . 
  if you are n't a native english speaker , you must 've been brought up speaking irish . 
  yes , you can be a native german but not a native speaker ( emigrated as a child , deaf , etc ) . 
  irish is the indigenous language of the irish people , english is the native language of most irish people . 
  calling him a native german is controversial to say the least ... 
  native = / = indigenous, 
  pomerania and east prussia are quite visible . 
  then why is cyprus in the eu ? 
  how about danish and nynorsk ? 
  yea , when i listen to old gaeltacht speakers they roll their r 's . 
  are n't there programs for russians in ukraine and kazakhstan ? 
  because german is a native minority language , as the poles ethnically cleansed most of the indigenous german population . 
  any examples of this soviet moldovan monstrosity ? 
  by germany 's money . 
  immigration, 
  they all call themselves moroccans too ... 
  seeing your flair , did you migrate to turkey from the former soviet union ? 
  nice, 
  two causes of this are the norman invasion and the inkhorn debate . 
  another would be that english never had a language academy like most other nation states had , to regulate spelling and purity . 
  being a drunk idiot tourist = calling for the extermination of other people . 
  okay . 
  you say you agree with not using violence , then say you support beating `` nazis '' ( aka a drunk tourist ) only a few sentences later . 
  the smug circle jerking germans are the worst, 
  georgians and armenians are orthodox christians , why is the negative percentage so high ? 
  interesting how she dates a muslim but hates islam , seems a bit illogical . 
  is he azerbaijani ( looking at the surname ) ? 
  how come a military training mentally disturbs them ? 
  how is it even possible that you do n't pay your employees for 18 months ? 
  except that it is n't . 
  every western country has communist parties, 
  why would they get arrested for that , is n't it a patriotic motto ? 
  communism is anti democratic too but still allowed in every western country . 
  opressed russian minority discovered, 
  you 're screwed, 
  in which ways did bulgarian change ? 
  and which time period do you mean with old bulgarian ? 
  i wonder how warsaw would 've looked without the uprising, 
  really , how many dutch-germans are there for example ? 
  you imported more than 1 million syrians just last year already, 
  that is scarily high, 
  the latin script is n't a good fit for many languages . 
  also one of the reasons why turkish switched is because of the arabic script being unfir for turkish phonetics . 
  no they are not , you might be confused with kazakh . 
  he does n't look like he 'd be a member of hdp lol, 
  what were they thinking sending it to russia ? 
  same as spain . 
  why ? 
  they are germans , where else should they go ? 
  so all south ossetians are colonists ? 
  i 've never heard about china doing this , links ? 
  no you, 
  i know right , i never understood that . 
  they always hate on poles and romanians while the truly problematic pakistanis are never hated on, 
  do you have a comparison of the original borders with the recent creeping borders ? 
  even if we dissolve our countries , the eu would n't do anything, 
  the op said 1 billion people will migrate because of climate change , where do you read about african demographic patterns ? 
  my country was said to already be flooded by now because of climate change , nothing is happening . 
  there wo n't be a billion refugees lol . 
  sawing off a magazine ? 
  how do you shoot then ? 
  it probably is to be honest, 
  slavery was mostly found in the west coast and ended 150 years ago , you 're highly overestimating it and projecting it over the entire continent . 
  why do irish keep emigrating ? 
  so they had to sacrifice themselves while being just on a peace mission ? 
  not to forget they requested air support and got none . 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  how exactly did they repopulate the vilnius region with lithuanians ? 
  was it as organized and planned as in poland with the western territories ? 
  also i remember lithuania took klaipeda , but then nazi germany took it back , did the soviets expell the lithuanians from klaipeda ? 
  did n't that guy refuse the soviet offer of annexing kaliningrad to lithuania ? 
  if you went with the nazi offer , you probably would n't have vilnius today as a punishment , like the soviets reverted the hungarian annexation of transylvania for example . 
   are you telling me because there was no nsdap after ww2 there were no nazis around yep .
