  i knew you all lived in sewers, 
  yea we do . 
  do you speak breton yourself ? 
  ive noticed how influenced by french the pronunciation of younger speakers is , it 's pretty sad . 
  we should call it a czech camp , since it 's in czech territory , right ? 
  is that what weakened scottish gaelic so much ? 
  also did the scots do this or the english ? 
  what are the highland clearances ? 
  do you speak circassian ? 
  is the language being kept alive or is it dying because of russian and turkish/arabic in the diaspora ? 
  do you actually live in circassia or are you diaspora ? 
  good to see my investments are working out, 
  how could they make you pay for something that is in your country ? 
  the forgotten genocide, 
  yea , greek cities seem like jungles of concrete multi story buildings . 
  or atleast athens and thessaloniki do , but that 's where 90 % of greeks live lol . 
  holy fuck reading this pissed me off way more than it should . 
  people celebrating death of the elderly , hoping more will die , saying the referendum should be held in the winter so hopefully old people would slip and break bones , people being downvoted for simply saying the referendum is still valid when a voter dies afterwards and people saying it is n't being upvoted . 
  absolutely pathetic . 
  it does n't matter if you 're 90 years old , if you 're against the tolerant left they 'll still wish and cheer for your death . 
  one even managed to say this : `` hey , do n't betray and condemn an entire generation next time and maybe i 'd have more sympathy '' . 
  how ironic . 
  poles really seem to like pictures of their cities , skyscrapercity also is most visited from poland . 
  why is that do you think ? 
  he probably said `` spraken '' because `` sprachen '' means languages in german . 
  that sounds hilarious . 
  do you know of any documentary , maybe in romanian ? 
  is n't it basically a cheap rip-off of an f-16 ( using israeli technology from the iai lavi ) ? 
  how come some areas still have a significant german minority ( 10 % ) after the expulsions ? 
  are they germans returning to their former lands , or czechs with mixed ancestry that were n't expelled now identifying as germans ? 
  i love czech streets, 
  because they teach them medieval poems instead of teaching them to actually speak . 
  funny to see that most people with such names were born in the north where all the refugees were settled . 
  are there any differences left between southern greeks and northern `` repatriated '' greeks ? 
  also , how many greeks came from the former soviet union in the 90s ? 
  are they well integrated ? 
  and then the russians settled the region after they beat the tatars : /, 
  i read that yes , but were n't they encouraged to change their names to `` proper '' greek forms ? 
  it 's also interesting how those anatolian christians were hellenized by adopting spoken greek and changing their surnames from for example hadjnikolaoglu to nikolaidis . 
  perhaps , but as you can see my original comment is downvoted already , so it shows . 
  damn , im on my way, 
  it was indian caste culture that made them escape from india and caused them to dwell around until today . 
  maybe look at yourself first . 
  they 're not that bad to be honest . 
  why is it worrying . 
  young people here interact a lot more with immigrants than old people , because of school and such . 
  i guess that causes different opinions between the young and the old . 
  does n't the ruch slunsk ( i believe they 're called ) want autonomy ? 
  also i 've seen videos from silesian football supporters shout german ( nazi ? ), 
  songs so there 's that . 
  yes that 's true . 
  some regions like upper silesia and masuria already had native poles living in it and they were n't expelled ( although later many started to identify as germans because of harsh polonization measures and they emigrated ), 
  because of the silesian people ? 
  underrated, 
  no potato , no will to live, 
  i wish every artifact was returned but it 's very difficult since there was no greek state to claim ownership over the monuments back then . 
  is there more than the elgin marbles ? 
  it 's possible but hard to prove . 
  thanks mate , yours did too, 
  do n't forget , that shit like his is somehow a valuable contribution to the thread that does n't get downvoted to -50 . 
  meanwhile `` hahah butthurt / r/teh _ dlonadl posters incoming xddd '' gets upvoted with +50 though . 
  i suppose this is a very informative comment that contributes a lot to the thread ? 
  half this thread is downvoted into oblivion , just another day of americans from / r/all trying to reinforce their echo chamber . 
  stettin is on the german side of the oder though . 
  the answer is that the soviets wanted to give poland total control over the access to the oder . 
  do n't forget kant , kaliningrads greatest historical figure !, 
  do gheg speakers learn to write gheg currently or not at all ? 
  do they only write in standard albanian on the internet or do they write as they speak ( i suppose without following any rules or spelling ) ? 
  do you think the albanian standard language should be changed ? 
  afaik there are ( counting kosovo ) way more gheg speakers than speakers of tosk albanian while the written language is based on tosk, 
  did n't expect that from your country to be honest, 
  where does the word perker come from ? 
  uncle mehmet sounds hilarious, 
  it 's not like you leftists do n't dismiss unfavourable statistics like statistics on immigrant rape , theft and violence as `` racist '' , anyways . 
  polish death camps ? 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  those unfilled holes and giant wastes of space are one of the worst aspects of commie architecture . 
  warsaw has many examples . 
  it was rebuilt , not completely from scratch though, 
  '' '' '' `` rescue '' '' '' boats on gps ferrying migrants to sicily, 
  in czech g became h , like in ukrainian . 
  same reason in czech it 's praha for prague . 
  former loyalty , to be precise . 
  really made me feel, 
  yes . 
  it 's nice to see many polish cities finally recovering from communist neglect after ww2 . 
  i guess it shows poland is developing well . 
  do you speak breton ? 
  not really `` old '' . 
  it was reconstructed only recently . 
  those tig ole bitties ; o, 
  i once saw an irish news website in this script , but i ca n't find it anymore ever since . 
  do you have any idea ? 
  irish looks a lot clearer in the irish alphabet . 
  afaik they used dots above mutated letters instead of writing an h behind them . 
  because it 's actually called rijsel . 
  which country is that ? 
  they did alright until russia invaded, 
  it wont do anything though . 
  russians see themselves being hated as something to be proud about since it means they are `` strong '' .
