  it is required to speak french in the political institutions of the republic is this equality , or forced uniformity ? 
  not all of the people in france are french , or langue d'oil speakers . 
  why do basque , dutch , german , catalan , breton and corsican speakers need to speak french in their own territories ? 
   what does the nationalists want ? 
  to use their culture to exclude the non corsican if the majority is in favor of this , it is their right . 
   using cultural arguments for wrong purpose what kind of cultural arguments and what is the wrong purpose ? 
   you want victimisation , what you have there is a kind of local trumpism . 
  i do n't think corsicans want to be victims , they just do n't like being controlled from a far away central power . 
  it 's an island thing . 
  look at ireland , the uk with the brexit , iceland . 
   the republic is one . 
  ... according to the republic . 
  but what about the wish of the people ? 
  do you mean your yurts ? 
  oh alright . 
  the french love banning and suppressing other languages while pushing for their own language rights everywhere they go . 
  lol , you ca n't ramble some random shite and then call others stupid when they ask you what you 're talking about, 
  okay so what is boston and lutton culture and how did the eu destroy it, 
  it is , they are the native people . 
  they did n't choose to be ruled by france . 
  i thought french was forbidden under german rule , was n't it ? 
  it is their own island , why do they need to speak a language imposed by paris on their own island ? 
  what would they say, 
  which town is that ? 
  it 's time for the greater germanic union , led by ... germany !, 
  seems like the majority of voters . 
  thank the british l\u00fcgenpresse for that, 
  he is german though , more or less, 
  it is n't an empire anyways, 
  like in northern ireland ? 
  i think he said something about allah telling him things and talking with him , but as far as i know islam teaches that muhammad is the last messenger of god, 
  what about g\u00fclen ? 
  is he popular ? 
  did n't he claim to be a prophet ? 
  immigration, 
  send your crusaders, 
  not really , we just think its ignorant and dumb, 
  that can be , but why are we pouring much more into poland than into the poorest country , bulgaria ? 
  also there is a lot of corruption , we do n't like our hard earned money disappearing into the pockets of thugs . 
  the eu however has n't been very proactive in combating corruption . 
  this is why we voted against ukraine . 
  but why do we need to spend anything ? 
  our own elderly people get showered once a week and lay in their own piss and shit for hours , we could do a lot for our own people with that 120 mil . 
  nobody here has ever asked if we want the eu . 
  frisia is a part of our country , while we have no obligations towards poland . 
  they will pay it back ... right ? 
  yea . 
  i worked at the supermarket and the english mother only speaks english to everybody including her kids , who only speak english as well ( they 're still young but it ca n't be good for their future school development ) . 
  you can live like that , but you will definetly remain an outsider and miss out with many things . 
  also , `` holland '' is really an internationalism . 
  we never call ourselves like that unless with football tournaments , when it 's like a nickname for our country that the whole world knows . 
  it 's perhaps comparable to calling all of the uk `` england '' . 
  there 's an english family living in my ( dutch ) village and they just speak english to everybody and do n't bother to learn dutch at all , it 's pretty stupid and arrogant and seems to be quite common with anglophones . 
  romanian is a pretty language . 
  if you know some italian or maybe french it would probably help . 
  are you learning the language ? 
  buryatia and maybe tuva, 
  he looks so average like that , like a guy in the bus or train, 
  i noticed this letter lately . 
  it 's used in places where other slavic languages simply use l , but the sound in polish seems to have become a w. i figured they created the letter \u0141 to show the etymology of the word and keep the appearance of the word close with other slavic languages , is this true ? 
  life seemed a lot simpler back then , i envy those times, 
  i love how they talk in old dutch videos . 
  they pronounce r 's like a tap r or a french rolling r at all times . 
  in modern day dutch , we pronounce the r at the end of the word as an english r , but at that time this was seen as informal and low-class . 
  do people in old polish videos always pronounce things differently or say different words ? 
  i love videos like this, 
  i am not sorry though . 
  it were different times with different views on human rights etc , i am not going to judge my ancestors for being a product of their time . 
  when will we do something about the eternal anglo ? 
  look at those beady eyes . 
  its a miracle !, 
  you had one vote ... . 
  why are we occasionally hating ourselves for what `` we '' did to the native americans , but when our own people become a minority it 's okay since we are all humans anyways and the earth belongs to everyone ? 
  lol . 
  yes , america definitely got very developed after exterminating the native population . 
  got more examples ? 
  well for catalonia , basque country and galicia it 's pretty easy . 
  spain is n't a nation state . 
  these regions did n't become their own nation states and in their eyes they are occupied by the spanish state . 
  also during franco 's era minority languages were forbidden in schools and public life . 
  in the case of wales and ireland , they are heavily anglicized and do n't have 1 single language because that 's not very practical considering a large amount of their population does n't speak their own language . 
  you should read a bit about romantic nationalism , which was very popular in the 19th and 20th century . 
  usually the history of a people would be glorified and nationalists were aiming to create a single unified state for their people ( usually borders did n't match ethnolinguistic lines ) . 
  i know but our entire history was build around this religion , and all of a sudden its gone within 50 years . 
  i am sure old christian proverbs and songs that are centuries old will be lost , somethings will dissapear . 
  it was necessary for the creation of nation states , based on the 1 nation with 1 language and 1 state-model . 
  although i find atheism the way forward , i still feel quite sad about losing such a big part of our culture and history . 
  why does britain need to bear responsibility for weapons they sold to customers , why are n't the customers responsible ? 
  this savior complex is really annoying . 
  mhm yea ... 
  damn kremlin , they ruined the kremlin, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5fvtygdfd4 golden dawn is remembering them too lol, 
  i could believe in christianity easier if it did n't have the holy trinity theory . 
  do you have more information about this ? 
  except cossacks have russian government support, 
   it 's really shocking to me that people who despise turkey so much also dislike israel it 's because turks are capable of building a country and not being eternal victims , so we can criticize and hate them without being `` heartless '' . 
  for some reason the liberal mindset promotes the preservation of all native peoples around the world ( except ourselves of course ) so anti-israel propaganda is pretty common, 
  brutal occupation of erd\u00e9ly , never forget !, 
  you need to go back, 
  a language is a dialect with an army and a navy,
