  and i think the 3 baltic countries all made a politically homogeneous entity during the interbellum . 
  always up for the banter m8 . 
  did your mother suck my bbc ( big balkan cock ) last night or what ? 
  eastern europe is really a political term . 
  just like the balkans , which greece is almost never considered a part of , despite being literally the center of the balkan peninsula , and sharing almost the same culture , lifestyle , even cuisine with its balkan neighbors . 
  yes . 
  but slovakia is in reality a pretty normal and civilized country , literally mitteleuropa , i think that scene was filmed in some gypsy ghetto . 
  also a meme . 
  in soviet ww3 plans it was austria ( ironically a neutral country ) , italy , denmark and brd that would have gotten nuked , uk and france would n't be touched . 
  balts are the butthurt champions of europe , even worse than croats , albanians or serbs . 
   we were actually pretty anti-russian even in communist times . 
  which ironically made you the worst of all warsaw pact countries :d even soviet moldova was a paradise compared to 80s romania which had a total of 4 hours of tv time a day . 
  it 's a pre ww2 thing really , given how similar at least two of the countries are , their similar history and political alignments . 
  ukraine is literally more `` eastern europe '' ( from stereotypes , see eurotrip ) than eastern europe itself . 
   baltics  northern europe : ddddddddd, 
  food is generally bad in most of eastern and northern europe . 
  guy on the the right looks straight out of das boot . 
  also fun fact , rugen once had one of the biggest and most important old slavic temples in the world on cape arkona . 
  that 's a pretty bad exchange rate . 
  yugoslavs got by for a week of highlife living with a few jeans and some other stuff , but that was moscow . 
  belarus , ukraine , moldova , georgia , armenia , azerbaijan should also be in this map considering they 're the legal successors of their respective ssr 's . 
  belarus , ukraine , moldova , georgia , armenia , azerbaijan should also be in this map considering they 're the legal successors of their respective ssr 's . 
  there 's no european federation yet . 
  in normal countries rapists and child molesters always get special treatment by fellow prisoners . 
  in pakistan it 's apparently normal to rape the daughter of a guy who raped yours in return . 
  britain still has various islands around the world . 
   mirpuri is n't kashmir supposed to be one of the more civilized parts of the raj , where many brahmins came from ? 
  britain is by far the worst western country . 
  in croatia this was a normal thing too ( smuggling stuff from hungary ) in the 90s , even early 2000s . 
  that 's true , but we also had a strong partisan movement thus ending the war on the winning side . 
  first victim of hitlers aggression : dd, 
  the baltics were actually liberated by the nazis from soviet occupation , according to our baltic posters . 
  what 's the british monarchy even doing in 2017 ? 
  i hope corbyn wins and this atavism finally gets abolished . 
  now compare that to literally every other resistance movement , even laughable ones like the dutch or belgian . 
  even france probably contributed less to the nazi war effort compared to czechia . 
  m8 , socialists advocated for it before thatcher was born, 
  yeah , thanks to sas : ddd, 
  all those things except the first are true though , even if ceausescu war horrible even by other communist countries ' standards ( but you ca n't blame the ussr for that because he was a strong and independent romanian national-communist who did n't need no russians ), 
  russia is an imperialist power , as bad as the eu or the west in general . 
  both are responsible for uncountable crimes against humanity and holding the human race back by zoological anti-socialism . 
  to paraphrase the great v.i.lenin :  in order for capitalism to generate greater profits than the home market can yield , the merging of banks and industrial cartels produces finance capitalism -- the exportation and investment of capital to countries with underdeveloped economies . 
  in turn , such financial behaviour leads to the division of the world among monopolist business companies and the great powers . 
  moreover , in the course of colonizing undeveloped countries , business and government eventually will engage in geopolitical conflict over the economic exploitation of large portions of the geographic world and its populaces . 
  therefore , imperialism is the highest ( advanced ) stage of capitalism , requiring monopolies ( of labour and natural-resource exploitation ) and the exportation of finance capital ( rather than goods ) to sustain colonialism , which is an integral function of said economic model . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] furthermore , in the capitalist homeland , the super-profits yielded by the colonial exploitation of a people and their economy permit businessmen to bribe native politicians , labour leaders and the labour aristocracy ( upper stratum of the working class ) to politically thwart worker revolt ( labour strike ) . 
  european socialist federation or bust, 
  and despite all this the czechs had by far the weakest anti-nazi resistance movement in europe, 
  croatian humor everyone, 
  tri godini i devet dana kak nisam ebana : dddd i love chalga because of no pade\u017ei ( cases ) , sounds even funnier than it should, 
   old  2005 lel do you even valdes or mira i milko https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfzilqhfg6u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlkx9t8gs-c, 
  lmao, 
  kurds have deserved their country more than all arabs put together , who shat on arab nationallyism , baathism , nasser and modernity in favor of wahhabism and medieval barbarity , for the most part . 
  only syria , lebanon and maybe iraq are holding , but bare . 
  not really , it 's made to make people ( who wan na know about it ) aware of our history . 
  there are many more irrelevant and what 's worse unfunny shitposts on the frontpage . 
   being proud of ignorance, 
  there 's not just growing evidence , but a known fact . 
  they did the same in 1992 . 
  just kavkaz things really . 
  not something you can blame the russians for though . 
  seeing how balts on reddit ( which is on average more democratic , antifascist and/or leftist than most places on the internet ) seemingly all defend those parades for various collaborationist legions i 'm not so sure about it . 
  in reality some pro-business capitalist parties as well as rightist ones also support the end of sanctions , given the importance of german oil and gas and other trade with rf . 
  the opposition and its leaders are in their essence anti-people , imperialist puppets , however some normal and honest protesters have been duped and thus joined them because of hard economic conditions , which were caused mainly by capitalist-imperialist sabotage . 
  the us imperialism was and is responsible for literally hundreds of thousands of murdered people in latin america , and destruction of dozens of democratic governments there . 
  they 're doing all they can to destroy the bolivarian revolution too , but it 's not going according to their plans . 
  what the government in venezuela is actually doing is saving people 's democracy , and not destroying it like some think . 
  not less european than serbs . 
  venezuelan `` opposition '' burning a pro-chavista alive http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/venezuela-opposition-protesters-burn-motorcyclist-alive-at-barricade-20170629-0014.html, 
  not a disgrace , but a shining example of a true leftist politician that 's not a classcuck . 
  glory to corbyn , long live venezuela , death to imperialism . 
  labor party in britain is finally starting to go back to its roots , and cucks ca n't do anything about it but stay butthurt . 
  you 're like a reverse-caricature of vatnik proofsters . 
  the title of the thread is truly r/europe tier . 
  also the georgians attacked russian peacekeepers ( whose presence there they themselves agreed to , lmao ) thus provoking a reaction from the north . 
  except that did n't really happen in the ussr . 
  russians were a big minority only in estonia and latvia , some in moldova and of course belarus , ukraine , kazakhstan ( but they lived in those places before in big numbers ) . 
  rest of ssr 's did n't have big slavic minorities . 
  conclusion , it was due to people normally immigrating , inside their own union of republics seeking better living standards . 
  as for the `` they were about to become a minority in a country mostly populated by russians '' i think that 's bullshit too , since the number of russian increased from 29 to 34 % in 30 years . 
  might as well talk about the english who are going to become a minority in their own country and polified , considering the rise of polish people there in the last 10 years . 
  may i remind you that latvia is dying out and depopulating at an extreme pace , while before independence it was growing , ethnic latvians too . 
  also  latvians have always been the largest ethnic group in latvia during the past century , but minority peoples have always been numerous . 
  before ww ii the proportion of non-latvians was approximately 25 % , the russians being the largest minority ( app . 
  10 % ) , followed by jews ( approx . 
  5 % ) , germans and poles ( 2 -- 3 % ) . 
  your mum sure does like it though . 
  because it is impossible even today , and back then ua was more strongly in the russian camp , even after that colored revolution in 2004 . 
  the war in eastern ukraine is a russian invasion for sure , but ua and rf will almost certainly never really go to a full scale war . 
  bite me, 
  that 's just because the mainstream center right parties are already extremely nationalist , just like here . 
  filofascists in croatia mostly vote for the biggest party ( hdz , supposedly a rightist christian democratic party , in reality something much worse ) . 
  i 'm pro soviet if you really wan na know , not pro russian as such , i even got banned on r/russia . 
  riga is the capital people drink a lot , also high in suicide has lots of russians people speak a very conservative and interesting i-e language sprats lilya 4-ever extremely butthurt over ussr in general ss parades , nationalism, 
  if the eu were smart they 'd hand all of those scumbags to assad 's ( iraqi ones are n't as brutal or experienced ) services , and pay for it too . 
  there are no fundamental contradictions and conflicts of interest between russian and european capitalism ( imperialism ) as it was between 1917 and 1991 , save for the issue of traditional russian spheres of influence that went pro-eu , but that 's not the main thing here . 
  in reality russian capitalism is so tied to the `` western world '' that it 's impossible to separate russia from it . 
  why is this important ? 
  because west and russia will never go to war , and thus this newly built paranoia that 's so characteristic for russia ( but also for some countries in nato ) these years only serves the ruling class in rallying the people around themselves or new military-industrial complex contracts . 
  geography , for starters .
