   in may , when german defeat was obvious and imminent and you ran away from german and ustase armies like rats from a sinking ship . 
  nope . 
  croats started massively joining novj in 1943 . 
   before that there can be no talk of any two croatian states . 
  all right . 
   and after that the state was in no way independent to talk about `` croatian '' army , only of yugoslav one that army was both croatian , serbian , slovenian etc. 
  we certainly can consider it , since if croatia is the legal successor of democratic federal croatia as part of yugoslavia , then surely we can consider it a croatian army as well . 
  i consider the jna as a croatian army too , until 1990 . 
  no , zavnoh in 1943 created a croatian state , which modern republic is a direct , legal successor of . 
   no they did n't . 
  there was an army of croats which were the ustase and the `` yugoslav army '' commonly known as the partisans . 
  it was a national liberation army of all peoples and nations of federal yugoslavia of which croatia was an integral part , with own state organs ( zavnoh ) . 
   in which croats where a tiny minority . 
  even in croatia itself , up until 1943 , in the heartland of the croats , the partisan units there were made of 60 % serbs , 20 % croats . 
  for clarification , we represented 30 % of the population of croatia , and yet 60 % of the partisans in croatia . 
  dubios claims . 
  i 'm not sure about the numbers , because i could find a mass of conflicting info . 
  for sure the serbs probably had the majority till 1943 , but croats were never a `` tiny minority '' in it . 
   as i said , no international ruling/court/organization judged croats for commiting a genocide in ww ii . 
  and never will , because no one can or will blame the entire croat people for usta\u0161e crimes . 
  perhaps there 's no court ruling about it because it was never even brought into question whether it was genocide or not , unlike srebrenica . 
  but clearly there 's a wide consensus on it being a genocide , unlike with srebrenica . 
  but as for the organizations that recognize usta\u0161e genocide : united states holocaust memorial museum . 
  combat genocide association and others . 
  it 's widely accepted as a genocide . 
   you are advocating that whether something is a genocide should be decided by popular vote , which is disgusting , because opinions change . 
  nope . 
  but by scholars , institutions and such . 
  and the un recognized the armenian genocide . 
  as far as i understand . 
  in 1985 , the united nations sub-commission on prevention of discrimination and protection of minorities received a report from special rapporteur and sub-commission member benjamin whitaker ( united kingdom ) entitled revised and updated report on the question of the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide ( commonly known as the whitaker report ) , in which the ottoman systematic massacre of armenians during the world war i was cited as meeting the criteria for the un definition of genocide and as one of the genocides of the 20th century . 
  [ 6 ] his report was received and noted by a resolution at the 38th session of the sub-commission in 1985 . 
  ( e/cn .4 / sub .2 / 1985/6 , july 2 , 1985 ), 
   by which international ruling/court/organization was it declared as a genocide ? 
  literally dozens of them . 
  see for yourself , it 's even on the list of genocides on wiki for starters . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_the_independent_state_of_croatia  when it 's srebrenica it 's serbian/serbs fault when it 's this , it 's not the croats , but ustase . 
  never said this . 
  srebrenica genocide ruling does n't blame the serbian people as a whole , only elements in vrs . 
  that you want to identify with those subhumans is your problem . 
  also serbs in bosnia only had one army , croats had two during ww2 ( and only one was internationally recognized by the allies from 1943 ) so there 's that as well . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  no court or anything else really has judged croats committed genocide in la\u0161va valley , unlike with other genocides such as the armenian one . 
  that 's almost nitpicking here . 
  there 's a wide international consensus on the issue , by various relevant bodies . 
   oh you , did , that 's not even a question . 
  usta\u0161e did , no question about it . 
  i do n't know anyone who denies that . 
  also it 's not forgotten , and never was buried , that 's a serbian nationalist meme . 
  usta\u0161e crimes were well taught , written , researched and talked about . 
   and retroactive application of law is prohibited i 'm pretty sure all relevant international bodies recognize the armenian genocide as genocide . 
  it 's not a genocide because no relevant international or other justicial body classified it as such unlike with srebrenica . 
  genocide is a legal category , it 's not up to arbitrary judging . 
  i 'm pretty sure stalinism targeted people from literally every ethnic group in the ussr . 
  otherwise there were national operations against certain peoples , most notably poles , chechens , crimea tatars, 
  : dddddddd, 
  no it was n't . 
  this is n't 4chan btw . 
  would be a typically polish thing to do , fuck with and mock international law definitions , own dignity , self image and victims just out of butthurt spite . 
  no one else officially recognizes any killings of poles in ussr territory as genocide , and in fact even poland did n't recognize it until last year , and i 'm not talking about the nkvd operation even . 
  nope . 
  that 's the definition of genocide in modern law . 
  that 's nonsense , there was no genocide of poles in the ussr . 
  even poland recognized the wolyn massacress as genocide only last year . 
  genocide has a very specific meaning , read about the bosnian war/srebrenica controversies . 
  that nkvd operation was ethnic cleansing and maybe some massacres . 
  yes , the handschar division . 
  interesting thing , i think it was the only ss division that rebelled against the nazis when it was in training in france . 
  later they participated in various anti-partisan operations . 
  they tried doing the same here but tito had the balls to tell stalin to gtfo . 
  romania did n't , because it declared war on the ussr in the first place and thus got occupied despite changing sides : dd, 
   also , i think that soviet mismanagement of the economies did much more to screw up eastern europe than us aid did to improve western europe . 
  it was n't that much money relative to decades of economic activity . 
  also a meme . 
  those countries had some of the world 's highest growth rates till the late 60s . 
  that 's a meme . 
  marshall plan never would have worked in the eastern block anyway . 
  even for yugoslavia it mostly meant food and similar aid and weaponry mostly . 
  according to croatian laws you ca n't swim beyond them . 
  source : listened to reports about lu\u010dka kapetanija ( sea authority ) action on radio yesterday, 
   the mohammedan religion too would have been much more compatible to us than christianity . 
  why did it have to be christianity with its meekness and flabbiness ? 
  vienna is literally one of the best cities in europe by objective criteria . 
   do you know many capitals who are near the sea ? . 
  london , manchester , rome , amsterdam , stockholm , helsinki ( ok this one is n't really that nice ) , riga , tallinn , copenhagen , oslo , dublin also there 's this thing called living there , not just visiting . 
  coulda , shoulda , but it wo n't , not in a long while . 
  refugees/migrants , for starters . 
   just about any other goods they produce . 
  which is what ? 
   if african agriculture increased its productivity to european levels , which it will never , especially because of what i said before . 
  eu is ruining half of africa 's domestic agriculture with export of insanely cheap subsidized stuff . 
  how is bulgaria in red together with venezuela or pakistan , wtf, 
  athens is probably the worst eu capital , such urban sprawl , no planning , lack of green or everything is really fucking horrible . 
  i think they also practice the famous afghan `` bacha bazi '' or boy-fucking . 
  pakistan as a `` nation '' was a mistake in the first place . 
  in pakistan it 's normal to rape the daughter of a guy who raped yours in return . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2017/07/27/asia/pakistan-revenge-rape/index.html thing is , we do n't really need those people in europe . 
  if there 's a need for cheap workforce import ukrainians or russians . 
  luxembourg , even more so liechtenstein and such similar countries that literally exist only for tax-evasion should be liquidated . 
  i meant lithuania and latvia because they 're similar language-wise .
