  4chan is that way . 
  this is top tier journalism right there . 
  the image in the article and thumbnail is actually a monument to fallen soviet soldiers , you can clearly see 1941-1945 and a classic soldier monument statue and it says '' \u0432\u0435\u0447\u043d\u0430\u044f \u043f\u0430\u043c\u044f\u0442\u044c \u043f\u0430\u0432\u0448\u0438\u043c \u0441\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0442\u0441\u043a\u0438\u043c \u0432\u043e\u0438\u043d\u0430\u043c\u0438 '' - `` memory eternal to the fallen soviet soldiers . 
  sorry , but in this case it was russia that went absolutely asshurt about montenegro , banning their officials from travelling there , deporting some too , suddenly finding out their wine is shit etc. 
  typical russian foreign policy . 
  nato is an imperialist organization made to fight people 's democracy throughout the world that never had a point beside that and serving the military-industrial complex of its biggest members , and furthermore is responsible for millions of innocent deaths throughout the world . 
  far from being a factor of peace and security in europe , it 's a factor of war and aggression , warmongering and constant tensions , mostly thanks to the us . 
  before someone says russia and whatnot , a far more useful counterforce to that would be a united eu army . 
  now bring in them downvotes . 
  what happened to people who actually took those war-loans ? 
  did austria ( republic ) answer for them ? 
  i know in yugoslavia some people still got k.u.k. 
  army pensions from austria till the 30s . 
  i never posted about estonia in particular as far as i remember , but the baltics are notorious throughout europe , as croatia used to be ( and often rightfully ) . 
  foreigners , yes . 
  but if you were a citizen of sr croatia and/or born here , you automatically became a citizen of croatia , as it should be . 
   croatia threw out most of serbs in the country . 
  that 's debatable and not as simple , but all serbs and citizens of sr croatia automatically had cro . 
  citizenship in 1991 , it was never an issue . 
  serbs who escaped in 1995 or were thrown out as you say also have a right to it and use it as well . 
  i 'm also talking about other comments here in the thread . 
  and normally if you are born somewhere or find yourself in a new country ( all who lived in the latvian ssr were obviously soviet citizens and overnight a minority becomes non-citizens in their own country , that sounds democratic to you ? ), 
  you get citizenship automatically . 
  i do n't know a single country that did all this aside from the baltics , for example many kosovo albanians who found themselves living in serbia overnight did n't know serbian yet were citizens just like any other . 
  same with romanian hungarians . 
  hell maybe half of ukraine to this day still does n't know ukrainian and in 1991 even fewer did , even ukrainians themselves . 
   serbia ( politicians ) never forgave us for not wanting to be yugoslavians ... dimitrov and tito already had plans in place for a balkan federation , but stalin prevented that . 
  i am usually against imperialist adventures a la libya , iraq ... but it would do the world good if western countries and iran came together and destroy that literal nest of evil and barbarism in the gulf . 
  seeing what the houthi 's are doing to them a proper army would wipe the floor with them in a few days , despite their expensive toys . 
  i thought the baltic racism and russophobia was just a kremlin propaganda meme , but i can see it 's actually for real . 
  and that 's all coming from baltic redditors ( who tend to be more progressive ) . 
  disgrace for europe for sure . 
  finnish depression and suicide is a semi-meme , not much higher than in france for example , in reality it 's the hungarians ( and they have plenty of sun ) and lithuanians who have much worse suicide rates . 
   overall , you seem to be pretty supportive of soviet invasion and occupation , as if you 're trying to justify it somehow . 
  invasion ? 
  you literally changed sides , and then fought alongside the soviets against your ex-allies . 
  it 's simple , romania declared war against the ussr and thus got occupied later in order to ensure war reparations payments according to peace agreements . 
  they did the same in austria for example . 
  as for the behavior of the soviet army they did such things everywhere , but romanians ( unlike say czechs or poles ) really have no moral high ground here considering they did the same , and worse , in the ussr before that . 
   it is pretty simple : we did not want to be part of the war , but we were dragged into it by the soviet union lol . 
  literally cognitive dissonance , i 'm not even going to participate in this anymore . 
   but , at the end of the day , the soviet union occupied us for 15 years and we had one of the toughest communist regimes for 50 . 
  blood was spilled to get rid of it . 
  that 's correct , but , the regime became north korea tier and especially `` tough '' not because of the soviets , because ceausescu was anti-soviet and independent minded . 
  under literal soviet occupation romania was n't much worse than all the others in the e. block . 
  no other country in the eastern block had such a hard time , but you can only blame yourselves for that , not the soviets . 
  hungarians and czechs were literally occupied as well but did n't have `` ceausescu 's '' . 
   what the soviet union did to us , to the moldovans , to the people living in those areas ... plain horror . 
  moldova was the absolute asshole of europe and romania ( well it sort of still is ) but when the soviets took over it was an illiterate , starving black hole with one actual town . 
  they left it as a relatively modern place . 
  moldovan ssr was one of the most developed republics , and nowadays they 're far behind 1991 . 
   moldova , at the very least , is a mess . 
  see above . 
  it 's a mess because of what they did post-independence . 
  most people there are nostalgic for the ussr because they lived better then . 
   but believe me ... knowing what the soviets have done ? 
  we have payed more than enough . 
   they have dragged us down so much . 
  romania was the 2nd or 3rd most undeveloped country in europe before ww2 , alongside albania and yugoslavia . 
  well in 1990 it was probably at the same place . 
  and what have soviets done to romania that surpasses what they did to poland for example ? 
  come on . 
   they are the ones who provoked all that . 
  that 's why i mentioned stalingrad . 
  finns had it even worse ( since they actually fought back unlike romanians ) and in 1941 became co-belligerent with the axis ( while romania became a full axis member , then basically a puppet ) and fought to regain their lands , but did n't go further from their pre-1939 borders . 
  romanians on the other hand first let hungary and germany take over probably the best part of their country , and then joined them in war against the ussr . 
   yeah , no . 
  oh yeah , which one has it more then ? 
  literally holocaust revisionism . 
  talking about history , lol . 
  romania declared war against `` russia '' in 1941 and not the other way around . 
  and before you start with muh bessarabia , what were romanians doing in sevastopol , stalingrad and other places ? 
  of all eastern european countries that russia took over or wronged in some way , romanians have by far the least right to be sore . 
   as a member of the axis , romania joined the invasion of the soviet union on 22 june 1941 , providing equipment and oil to nazi germany as well as committing more troops to the eastern front than all the other allies of germany combined . 
  romanian forces played a large role during fighting in ukraine , bessarabia , stalingrad , and elsewhere . 
  romanian troops were responsible for the persecution and massacre of up to 260,000 jews in romanian-controlled territories , though most jews living within romania survived the harsh conditions . 
   some lithuanians , encouraged by vague german promises of lithuanian autonomy , [ 84 ] cooperated with nazi operations against poles during the german occupation . 
  in autumn 1943 the home army opened retaliatory operations against the nazis ' lithuanian supporters , mainly the lithuanian schutzmannschaft battalions , the lithuanian territorial defense force , and the lithuanian secret police , [ 85 ] and killed hundreds of mostly lithuanian policemen and other collaborators during the first half of 1944 . 
  in response , the lithuanian police , who had already murdered hundreds of polish civilians since 1941 ( see `` ponary massacre '' ) , [ 86 ] intensified their operations against the poles . 
   in april 1944 the home army in the vilnius region attempted to open negotiations with povilas plechavi\u010dius , commander of the lithuanian territorial defense force , proposing a nonaggression pact and cooperation against nazi germany . 
  [ 87 ] the lithuanian side refused and demanded that the poles either leave the vilnius region ( disputed between poles and lithuanians ) or subordinate themselves to the lithuanians ' struggle against the soviets . 
  [ 87 ] in the may 1944 battle of murowana oszmianka , the home army dealt a substantial blow to the lithuanian nazi auxiliaries of the lithuanian territorial defense force . 
  [ 88 ] [ 89 ] this resulted in a low-level civil war between anti-nazi poles and pro-nazi lithuanians , encouraged by the german authorities , [ 85 ] culminating in june 1944 massacres of polish and lithuanian civilians , respectively , in the villages of gliti\u0161k\u0117s ( glinciszki ) and dubingiai ( dubinki ) . 
  [ 86 ] i 'll let everyone make their own conclusions from this . 
   well technically during ww2 everyone who opposed soviets was a nazi collaborator . 
  armia krajowa never collaborated with the nazis , and they were maybe the strongest resistance movement . 
  that 's quite a caricature . 
  in german it 's also weissrussland or literally whiterussia . 
  same here with bjelorusija . 
  mind you that croatia is considered a relative `` success '' in the transition to capitalism out of the ex-yu countries , aside slovenia of course . 
  : dddd, 
  i sometimes do in fact . 
  we have 1 and 2 lipa coins , they 're worth about 1/8 of a cent , not used often . 
  5 and 10 lipa coins are used regularly though , though in shops they 'll `` forgive '' you if you do n't have it , on the other hand they often wo n't give you the change back either . 
  how can russia still supply and rotate its military in transnistria without ukraine and/or moldova allowing it . 
  why would nato have to fight russians for some lugansk and donetsk when ukrainians themselves ( from a man-pool of some 40 mil . ), 
  did n't manage to mobilize even 150k people , after several rounds of mobilization for the defense of their own country ? 
  mind you , croatia had 130k , in active units only , in 1995 and we had and have about 4 million people . 
  i 've never heard of croatian conc . 
  camps for serbs ( but croats did have those for bosniaks , heliodrom etc.
