  like zhirinovsky or kadyrov who can fuck the whole world from the back ( \u0440\u0430\u043a\u043e\u043c \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u044c ) ? 
   \u0416\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043e\u0442\u0432\u0435\u0442\u0430 , \u0433\u0430\u0434\u044b wait for the response/payback , bastards someone 's butthurt : dddd, 
  because article 5 does n't work that way . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how can romania deny the plane when it should n't enter romanian airspace at all , flying from moscow . 
  makes sense only if ukraine denied it too . 
  watch durak ( the fool ) , it 's similar in topic but a better movie . 
  actually it was even worse in the 90s under yeltsin . 
  but you 're right in general . 
  noticed how the village sign for letea/leta is in cyrillic as well , i guess there are old believer russians living there . 
  anyway it looks poor but cozy , although there 's probably mosquitos in the summer . 
  no , but non-muslims tend to not join isis ( and various other nusras etc. 
  http://infographic.statista.com/normal/chartoftheday_4024_belgium_is_the_eu_capital_for_foreign_fighters_n.jpg considering bih is only 50 % muslim while kosovo is around 90 % , i 'd say you 're europe 's champions in terrorism , alongside russia ( chechenya ) . 
   they ended the war actually the whole international community ( including fry ) helped end the war , but nato did n't react militarily until 1995 , and that was n't the decisive factor in forcing the serbs there to peace . 
  butthurt posters get triggered by any mention of the ussr so much they just break and stop working and thus end up in literal nazi apologism . 
  good for all others to see what they 're really like . 
  kosovo and bosnia , croatia were different cases . 
  and as far as i know nato did n't do shit ( almost ) during the 4 year war in bosnia , nor did they move a finger for croatia . 
  skopje was rebuilt by some of the world 's best architects at the time , it was really something , new modern skopje . 
  then they shit it up in the 2010s , literally inventing history and architectural style , turning it into a kitsch worthy of disneyland . 
  look up skopje 2014, 
  wait till you read about anarchist ministers in the spanish government . 
  i 'd buy this because of the meme , but the cheapest is 30 kn here ( 4 euros ) . 
  i was joking . 
  it 's known that germany has maybe the lowest food prices in the eu . 
  thus germans spent much less of their incomes on food compared to ee . 
   your score : 70 % ( 28 points out of 40 ), 
  cause qatar is supposed to be the main supplier of lng gas . 
  bulgaria was one of the better-off communist countries , now it 's the worst one ( in the eu ) . 
  implying greece and orthodox of the balkans would n't open a second front for the liberation of constantinople / tsargrad lmao . 
  plus the international alt-right brigades . 
  on the contrary , you obviously need people ( educated or not for growth ) . 
  even croatia , traditionally and still with high unemployment has problems finding workforce already and it 's gon na get worse in the future threatening the entire pension and health system and the country in general , and czechia ca n't find enough people to work even with ukrainians migrating en masse . 
  free market will fix it . 
  it do n't really mean much , better look at living standards . 
  czechia is at 2/3 of germany 's gdp per capita ppp , but their salaries and purchasing power are in reality much lower . 
   thea idea was that freedom of movement would lead to wage equity between countries in the long run . 
  no it was n't lol . 
  idea was getting cheap workforce , often educated as well . 
  i 'm not saying sa , uae do n't support terrorists as well . 
   so frozen conflict is more like , we can wait and attack at the right moment if there is need in this . 
  not with never having mobilized more than 150k people even during the worst moments . 
  we had 140k under arms for oluja/storm alone in 1995 , plus more in reserve , and croatia has about 4 million people . 
  on the other hand donbass too had less soldiers than the krajina which in 1995 had at best 400k people . 
  lmao . 
  soviet-western european oil/gas business is a big thing since the 70s . 
  that 's exactly what european leaders and those making policies do n't want - an unstable russia gone full rogue failed-state . 
  and by diversifying you mean buying gas from literal terrorist-supporting qatar instead ? . 
  because the new pipeline is in german economic interest , duh , and it 's not about feels and souls : dd  intellectuals such as thomas mann dabbled in vague notions about affinities between the russian and german `` souls '' , implying that they are culturally deeper than the rationalist civilizations of `` the west '' . 
  and as far as i know italy and hungary are nowadays ( also greece of course ) the most pro-russia countries in the eu . 
  with occasional artillery duels barely worth mentioning ( hence me saying `` in the main '' ) , rarely some tank action with 2-3 vehicles . 
  lots of forces there on both sides are militias without discipline anyway . 
   anyway , this war has only 2 possible endings : either ukraine loses it , or it becomes too expensive for russia . 
  there 's the transnistria and nagorno-karabakh scenario too . 
  anyway according to minsk treaties donbass is supposed to eventually be peacefully reintegrated into ukraine , but then there 's the crimean question . 
   5 years ago everyone was 100 % sure that any war between the two countries is simply unimaginable . 
  not really . 
  especially not after georgia . 
  also there 's no official state of war between the two countries and with that came some other circumstances , unlike in georgia 's case . 
  no one serious or knowledgeable about the conflict ( ie . 
  most people even here on reddit ) ever actually believed in that possibility , first of all ukrainians themselves did n't , judging by their actions and the extent of their mobilizations . 
  it 's a low intensity conflict with at best 20k people on each side actually sitting in the trenches , and even when it was at its worst it was nothing compared to operations in ex-yu , or even chechnya . 
  a full scale war between the two countries is simply unimaginable . 
  both sides abide to it in the main , that 's the point . 
  are you not aware that both russia and ukraine signed the minsk treaties and ceasefires , and that the war is in a cold phase with an occasional artillery duel or two ? 
  russians will just send more to their own rebels in donbass . 
  result ? 
  not like both sides lack weapons as it as anyway . 
  compared to czech ones sure , but ours are n't really disgusting , just not very good . 
  heard it has something to do with water here . 
  inb4 croatian hipsters getting triggered over industrial lager . 
  even if all the other ones are really much better than favorit . 
  russia invaded romania , now that 's r/europe tier history : ddd in reality it was romania that invaded russia , all the way to stalingrad . 
  romania was the biggest hitler 's ally in europe . 
  i fish in a river ( sava ) that goes through two capitals , a nuclear power station and lots of industry . 
  fish are perfectly edible ( albeit western europeans do n't feel like that about catfish or carp ) , we even had them tested and it was ok albeit not perfect obviously . 
  in smaller rivers you can even find river crabs and trout . 
   they are still taught soviet '' history '' and a lot of indoctrination is done as in the good old days . 
  this region was part of ussr from the '20s , so it was the lab where moscow built its antiromanian propaganda and the claims romanian and moldavian are different language , romanians and moldavians have no mutual past , etc. 
  and most moldovans still feel that way , despite their language not even having its own wiki . 
  either they are the most retarded of all europeans or there 's something to this . 
  yugoslavism never worked , soviet indoctrination as you put it never worked in the baltics , or the caucasus or central asia , yet moldovans are the only ones `` brainwashed '' . 
  it was surprising to me to find out that moldovans do n't really like romanians , and all in all the two countries do n't really have much in common , as absurd as it may sound . 
  the moment you cross the prut ( a border crossing that 's extremely hostile and bothersome , there 's surprisingly little cooperation in all spheres between ro and md ) there 's russian on tv and almost all radio songs are in russian too . 
  exactly why they had and have a sort of a peculiar national identity , stronger than in some central asian ethnic states even . 
  also there 's the issue of moldova in general being the most soviet-nostalgic of all ex-ussr countries , and the majority of people there feeling positive about the ussr and its heritage . 
   they think of themselves as the last soviet territory . 
  that 's a meme from vice-watching people who do n't really know what they 're talking about . 
  their national `` ideology '' nowadays is based more on orthodoxy . 
   major bs . 
  precisely because russia was afraid rm will want to unite with romania as before ww2 and exist its sphere of influence , russia organized , financed and used the russian army there to take that region from moldova separatism in pmr started in 1989 already as a reaction to happenings in moldova . 
  people there legitimately did n't want to live in romania . 
  and funny thing , ukrainian nationalists from oun fought on the side of transnistria back then . 
  ukraine and donbass are a totally different case in a different time and context . 
   besides , russia considers itself as the rightful descedent of the ussr . 
  it 's a successor state of the ussr , considered as such by the whole world and un . 
   by the way , it was eltsin of russia that signed the ceasefire and peace settlement with rm . 
  russia signed ceasefires from armenia to tajikistan to afghanistan even . 
  would probably get sold and/or stolen immediately . 
  i rarely chuckle at a r/europe joke but lel .
