why would moldavians hate croatia and why would wallachians like russia ? 
  seems random tbh . 
  most of them emigrated in the late 19th/early 20th century after some wine disease destroyed pretty much entire dalmatia and back then argentina and such were popular immigration destinations . 
  why are the baltics so worried about russian aggression now when the ussr let them go without any major fighting ( aside from a few massacres and killings by spetznaz , quite unlike a full scale war such as the one that happened in yugoslavia ) or even serious support of separatism of the russian minority ? 
  especially since they 're nato members . 
  the world would n't have done much had moscow sent tanks there again in 1989-1990-91 . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself with this revisionism . 
  jasenovac and others were deathcamps , that 's a fact and not a myth . 
  maybe the number of victims there was exaggerated but does n't change the reality of usta\u0161e genocide that happened . 
  i wanted to avoid whataboutism . 
  sr croatia legalized it before some others . 
  not to defend anything but it happens everywhere else in ex-communist europe , croatia is n't even close to countries like hungary , slovakia , the baltics when it comes to all that shit . 
  they 'll probably have to do something like this , or have a permanent frozen conflict a la transnistria . 
  ua is hoping for a victory a la oluja croatia did in 1995 . 
  their problem is the fact that they ca n't mobilize even 200k people in a ca . 
  40 million country , while croatia had 130k ready in 1995 ( 4 million country ) . 
  it sort of seems that ukrainians do n't really want to fight that much . 
  they ca n't take over donbass with 70k people , the rebels themselves probably have 40-50 , and that 's without russians who will surely come to their aid in case of anything serious . 
  so this war can probably only be solved politically . 
  could n't resist after seeing a guy defend war crimes and a military ( in reality more like paramilitary thugs ) looting and shelling their own civilian people . 
  romanian army is like genghis khan , wherever they come , there 's no metal things left anymore it seems . 
  yeah , let 's just all switch to some butthurt estonian 's view of things instead of the one europe is based on , and that is the atlantic chapter , the un , the victory of the antifascist coalition . 
  i do n't really speak german but  seit 2015 ist der 8 . 
  right , it 's not a holiday but an official day of remembrance , still . 
  because they both considered the soviets their allies in the fight against a greater evil and the biggest threat to human kinds ( to paraphrase both ) . 
  instead , you say `` perhaps it was perhaps it was n't '' . 
  literal revisionism . 
  poles had close to none collaboration with the nazis during ww2 but a very strong resistance movement ( including a polish army in the ussr and a pro-soviet a. ludowa ) at home , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  tag der befreiung is literally what german wiki calls the victory in europe day and it is an official holiday in some german states . 
  yep , that 's thinly veiled racist butthurt . 
  romania 's independent-minded anti-soviet national communism under ceausescu was even worse and crazier that that in other block countries ( save for albania ) . 
  and yet it saved civilization from an even bigger evil . 
  next you 're gon na say churchill and roosevelt were soviet apologists as well . 
  and nazi germany was going to make estonia ( or whatever ) into an independent country ? 
  top kek . 
  it did n't even get slovakia or vichy france status . 
  who in the red army was n't a conscript ? 
  see , that exact thing is luckily still unacceptable in most of europe . 
  because it was a german satellite state but not a full puppet , at least from what i know . 
  that 's greater power politics for you . 
  same happened to greek communists in 1949 . 
  yet warsaw was liberated and polish army entered even berlin itself in the end . 
  fascist croatia ( ndh ) was by far the worst nazi puppet ever created and baltic/ukrainian nazi 's etc. 
  crimes pale in comparison to what it did . 
  yet the foundation of modern croatia is the one created by partisans , who most croats sided with and thanks to whom we ended on the winning side in ww2 . 
  why estonians seeminly rather prefer justifying the pro-nazi collaborationists instead of remembering estonians who fought for the red army , that i really do n't know . 
  romanians and bulgarians changed sides . 
  still they were formally occupied by the soviets till the 50s and treated as defeated sides . 
  i do n't know if you have historical revisionists arguing against michael 's coup in 1944 there , but i see people arguing in favor of basically pro-nazi militias and units in certain countries fighting for their occupiers and against the allies despite being literal german colonies , not even semi-independent axis member countries like royal romania . 
  precisely because it was germany who was doing the occuping in europe , while the baltics got occupied by them ( after the soviets did a year before that , true , i 'm not defending that ) and yet many balts evidently thought it was more worth fighting alongside the murderous nazi regime against the allies ( mind you ) than on the side of the antifascist coalition , or at least staying neutral-passive like the czechs did . 
  now , ok , that 's history , but instead of condemning it i see people justifying such behaviour in 2016 . 
   muh stalinism  we fought for nazis because of stalin abloo bloo well then why did n't poles fight for nazis despite stalin literally declaring war on poland in 1939 ? 
  see , you 're despicable in your apologism . 
  butthurt detectors are off the chart . 
  more apologism . 
  we hear the same from pro-usta\u0161e here . 
  the reason we croats are not as butthurt as you balts is because we also had a strong partisan movement , and which is the basis of modern democratic croatia . 
  unfortunately that 's under attack here as well . 
  where am i being a soviet apologist ? 
  i think the ussr was bad , but saying that it was worse or the same as fascist occupation , as you do , is something unaccepptable by modern civilizational standards . 
  well see you 're just being a nazi apologist and historical revisionist there . 
  i sort of doubt it . 
  at least on the official level . 
  no one is removing soviet memorials in berlin ( the defeated country mind you ) , in fact merkel goes there every year . 
  that 's funny because i 'm not really pro-russian myself ( in fact i got banned there , kek ) , but that does n't mean i will disrespect the sacrifice and the biggest favour that country even did to humanity and europe . 
  i still do n't think those facts justify saying that the baltics were n't liberated from fascism in 44-45 . 
  like like hypothetical allied postwar crimes in germany ( though some still happened ) or soviet rapes do n't annulate the fact of the liberation of germany from fascism . 
  anyway , ask the germans themselves what do they think about it and where merkel goes to put flowers on may 9th . 
  of all those ( non-soviet ) cities cited here only warsaw ( that is to say the poles ) fought fiercely against the nazis and behaved honorably and with dignity , the rest were either axis members , pro-nazi or passive-collaborant ( the czechs ) . 
  because if you do n't get it that fascism was the worst enemy of humanity ( even if the soviets killed more people in estonia , to an extent because of the fact that estonians were evidently more willing to fight as terrorist `` forest '' bands against soviet power even into the 50s , while not doing much against the german occupiers ) then i really wo n't bother , you 're free to think as you please . 
  luckily the mainstream sentiment in western europe is far from that . 
  also there were no `` western '' yet allies at that point , there were allies that is the united nations , including the ussr . 
  read up on the basis of modern postwar world . 
  25 years of failure . 
  ukraine is now absolutely the worst and biggest failed state in europe , even worse than moldova maybe . 
  in many ways they 're behind their 1990 standards , gdp and salaries are africa-tier . 
  it was doing really bad even before the russian invasion . 
  with all due respect but this country has nothing to do in the eu . 
  1/10 not even mad . 
  i agree the balkans are generally quite butthurt but baltics still take the lead . 
  baltics are the european capital of butthurt . 
  instead of allowing erdogan to extort us with refugees for 4 billion euros we should give the money to assad instead , finance a big camp for all such jihadists there and let the syrian military intelligence take care of them . 
  problems solved . 
  geee whiz , i did n't know moldova and ukraine had such bad bad communism , even worse than russia, 
   cboze kek, 
  it took spain less than 10 years from being a literal fascist dictatorship to becoming a full eu member democracy . 
  yes but it would only take political changes , otherwise it 's not that bad compared to some eu members . 
  belarus is not worse off than bulgaria or romania economically , by hdi , etc. , they just have to work more on human rights , free speech , democracy in general . 
  they could get in far more easily than say ukraine . 
  source : been there it 's not really that cheap , aside from transportation/taxis/museum fees and such/cigarettes and strong alcohol . 
  in fact prices in supermarkets are similar to those in croatia . 
  bars and restaurants and such are definitely cheaper , beer is around 1 euro in most places . 
  food is typical eastern european , plus balkan influence ( sarma , mici ) therefore not bad but nothing to rave on about . 
  food market ( piata centrala ) can be literally third world tier with grandmas selling cheese and dead chickens right on the ground . 
  though you can find some decent spots there as well , it 's nothing we do n't have in croatia so it 's not really surprising to me . 
  could be interesting if you do n't have those in your own country . 
  wine is definitely overrated , but not bad in general and cheap . 
  women are on average decidedly not beautiful , i guess all the better looking ones went abroad . 
  all in all , worth visiting once to see what it looks like , but it 's hardly gon na become a tourist hotspot . 
  ever .
