  who the fuck still steals phones , unless it 's top-tier iphone 7s or something off which you can still make a profit worth the risk of being found due to all those features and stuff ? 
  t. call of duty historian, 
   if nato have n't gone yugoslavia on serbia , serbia might still be this ultra weird semi criminal state isolated from rest of the europe . 
  not really . 
  5th of october ( the sort of a first `` maidan '' ever ) happened not because of nato bombing but despite it . 
  it 's stupid to compare the development of internet in romania or bulgaria ( which evolved from illegal local networks between blocks for sharing pirate games and stuff which were later bought by legit operators , something that would have been impossible even in croatia in the 90s ) and most of the eu . 
  many serbian criminals , including some war criminals , had croatian passports during the 90s , and were always less corrupt than you . 
   and in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war ( s ) as well , and latvians at least were over-represented among the bolshevik forces . 
  learn to read . 
  i meant in 1991-1992 obviously . 
  and in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war ( s ) as well , and latvians at least were over-represented among the bolshevik forces . 
  russia/ussr did not wage a war against baltic independence , that 's my point , there were only sporadic massacres by the kgb and police , not full-scale military campaigns . 
  it is a post-communist country that was becoming independent in 1991-1992 , so in this context ex-yugoslavia , moldova , azerbaijan , armenia , georgia and maybe some others ( which all had wars ) are quite relevant . 
  and yet from what i heard at least they 're becoming more and more assimilated , learning the language etc. 
  my point is that the ussr could have fought to keep the baltics ( especially since there are many ethnic russians there ) yet they became independent without major fighting , unlike croatia . 
  also , crimea has always been an issue , ever since the ussr fell apart . 
  donbass was n't and wo n't be annexed . 
  croatia alone lost some 15k people in a year of war in 1991-1992 . 
  there are individual massacres where 500 + people were killed . 
  so yeah compared to that it 's not much . 
  anyone thinking narva or some other place could go the way of donbass one day is just delusional . 
  russia/ussr let the baltic countries become independent in 1991/2 without any war or major conflicts unlike what happened here ( i think less than 100 people died all in all in those spetznaz actions there ) . 
  seriously believing that russia would attack those countries which are nato members , in 2016 , for no obvious gain , is straight up schizophrenia . 
  bulgaria has s-300 and mig-29s, 
  crna gora however literally means black mountain ie montenegro . 
   muh foreigners ( ie . 
  vatican , germany and the us after them ) made us go for greater serbia , start more than one war and ruin any sort of a united yugoslavian entity even though it was precisely the west that supported a unified yugoslavia from 1948 when stalin threatened it all the way to 1991 and the sanu memorandum and yogurt revolutions started way before the ussr falling apart t. malagurski, 
  there was no russian empire in 1918 anymore . 
  kek 'd, 
  i would like to visit georgia but the cheapest flight from zagreb is about 500 euros . 
  even from vienna it 's 300 + . 
  eastern `` turkey '' aka kurdistan has been oppressed and repressed for decades . 
  it was basically an italian design . 
  maybe by american criteria it was shit ( it probably was ) but it really was n't that bad a car . 
  it 's funny how ( eastern ) germans made by far the worst car of all eastern block countries . 
  so serbs were majority for half the time , and the other half croats had the majority and far greater numbers . 
  in serbian minds this may mean that serbs had the majority throughout the war , but in reality it 's different . 
  i do n't think my parents , or even most croatians my age would know what `` anime '' was . 
  i 'm banned on r/russia : ddd they 're mostly active on runet , and comments sections on various news sites in english etc. 
  internet . 
  what b8 ? 
  are you saying we are n't more european by pretty much every measure than kosovo ? 
  give me a break . 
  i never said ua was n't european , it 's just that that 's more african than european by most standards really . 
  big difference . 
   by that measure , ireland only `` became '' europe in the last several decades , us yugos were somehow `` more '' european than a lot of the warsaw pact and so on . 
  i agree with both really . 
  i wish reddit had emojis . 
  you must think you 're pretty smart . 
  there 's other objective criteria ( like hdi for example , well to be honest in that regards ukraine 's a bit better , but moldova is indeed closer to africa than europe , lots of folks there literally live on subsistence agriculture ) . 
   you are a troll in general i 'd be a troll if i did n't actually believe in what i 'm saying . 
  so you 're wrong . 
  i 'm no putin bot btw nor even pro-russian , but i 'm as a socialist allergic to zoological anticommunism from posters from certain countries here . 
  russia is more european than ukraine by almost all objective criteria , while ukraine is in fact more african than europan by the same objective criteria . 
  let the butthurt and downvotes flow . 
  a rare example of an actually funny such thread . 
  does n't mean i ca n't say that partisans were also a croatian army , since they themselves said and say it . 
  serbs were the majority only till 1943 , and the worst battles came in that year and later anyway . 
  it 's still a serbian army . 
  plus english does n't even know this stylistic and/or semantic distinction . 
  hrvatska vojska and vojska srbije are translated as croatian / serbian army . 
  so vojska srbije is n't serbian army ? 
  : dddddddd also 77 % is according to s. goldstein . 
  what 's it say under partizan ? 
  it was n't a genocide . 
  period . 
  the nkvd operation is almost never referred to as a genocide . 
  there was a good article about it but i ca n't find it . 
  basically they come up with outrageous propositions in the parliament all the time and then ur comes as a savior and a voice of reason . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatia%e2%80%93serbia_genocide_case according to actual experts , not wikipedia copy pasters it was n't . 
  we 're not talking murder , massacres , ethnic cleansing here , but genocide . 
  it 's a very specific thing . 
  yet no one considers them as such , except poland , and only in the case of wolyn , the nkvd actions they themselves recognized as genocide only recently . 
  fair enough . 
  btw i know what i means , i just did n't know this . 
  anyway . 
  still , those partisans considered themselves as a croatian army and today 's veterans often still do . 
  it 's a political question after all , but also not pure ideology based on nothing and no facts . 
  so i 'll keep saying that partisans were also a croatian army . 
  bravo , you can copy paste wikipedia summaries . 
  in modern , actual law practice , usage and meaning it 's not that simple , see my example . 
   so no , not croatian . 
  it was croatian as well . 
  started by , wait for it , kph . 
   it was sort of . 
  croatian banovina was a much better deal than you got from the nazis and you were still butthurt about it . 
  not a federal republic but you sort of have a point . 
   tito and fnrj/sfrj accepted the king and made a treaty which put the communist in power and as the government . 
  debatable whether it 's a successor state or . 
  i 'm sure the communists did n't consider it as such . 
   in 1944 , after pressure from the british prime minister winston churchill , the king recognized the government of democratic federal yugoslavia as the legitimate government . 
  this was established on 2 november following the signing of the treaty of vis by ivan \u0160uba\u0161i\u0107 ( on behalf of the kingdom ) and josip broz tito ( on behalf of the yugoslav partisans ) . 
   then until 1943 you must also accept chetniks as croatian army too . 
  i do n't , because croatian partisans appeared in 1941 and because croatia was n't a federal republic in kingdom or yugoslavia nor is the fnrj successor of the kingdom . 
  here comes the moron who does n't know what genocide means . 
  give me one scientific source that uses `` genocide of polish people living in soviet union '' . 
  wolyn was n't a genocide , this was n't either . 
  serbian krajina expelled tens of thousands of croats and killed thousands yet that also was n't a genocide . 
   wrong . 
  it happened in 1944 i stand corrected .
