  geography for starters . 
  ukraine had no less than 7 mobilization waves . 
  it 's an absolute disgrace for you as a nation of 35 or some million that you ca n't mobilize even 100k soldiers . 
  croatia easily had 200 in 1995 . 
  yeah , i 'm sure 5k russian troops there could march all the way to chisinau , like in 1992 . 
   a rational evaluation of what a small nation without allies could have reasonably done against an invading enemy . 
  see : poland ( not a small country but still ) , albania , greece , yugoslavia czechs and slovaks in particular behaved shamefully during the ww2 . 
  yeah , but what about polish death camps ? 
  you 're the troll . 
  red army was indeed shit organization-wise and poorly led till 1942 or even 1943 , but it was never primitive or badly equipped ( in fact its weapons were as a rule comparable or even superior to german ones , except for the airplanes early in the war ) . 
  also the cannon fodder thing is a myth too , in the end the losses ratio for soviets vs axis was under 2-1 . 
  same for the memes about more population ( by 1941 the ussr had lost half of its european territory and population , which was n't that might bigger than the greater reich 's in the first place , not even counting axis puppets ) . 
  soviet union outproduced germany by far in pretty much every category regarding military equipment , which was also in general as good as the german one . 
  you 're spouting typical outdated propaganda that 's been widely disproved especially in the last two decades . 
  not really , it 's an ideological thing , choosing the side if you wish . 
  true , but croatia ( since modern rc is a direct successor of democratic federal croatia ) was n't created until 29/11/1943 or 8-9th of may 1944 anyway . 
  also has to do with the capitulation of italy when dalmatia found itself liberated ( for a short while ) with plenty of weapons lying around , as well as hss politics becoming more directly pro-partisan . 
  well they tried to exterminate them , as you said . 
  nazi collaborationists were the biggest ( i do n't like this word but ca n't think of any better here ) cucks . 
  useless speculation . 
  in any case i 'm done with arguing with you people , because it 's pointless and getting boring . 
  enough 's been said for everyone to make their own conclusions . 
   lithuania , latvia and estonia were to be deprived of their statehood , while their territories were to be included in the area of german settlement . 
  this meant that latvia and especially lithuania would be covered by the deportation plans , though in a somewhat milder form than the expulsion of slavs to western siberia . 
  while the baltic nations like estonians would be spared from repressions and physical liquidation ( that the jews and the poles were experiencing ) , in the long term the nazi planners did not foresee their existence as independent entitites and they would be deported as well , with eventual denationalisation ; initial designs were for latvia , lithuania and estonia to be germanized within 25 years , however heinrich himmler revised them to 20 years . 
  well the banderists are a minority , but a loud one , enough to give a bad rep to their country . 
  lmao . 
  this is 4chan tier retardation . 
  i 'm only replying because of others here who might not have known this . 
  in fact it was the other way around : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost and ethnic estonian population grew during soviet times . 
  it 's quite well known that belarus suffered the most human casualties . 
  as for ukraine , that 's their own problem , because their `` pr '' recently seem to have shifted towards praising nazi quislings and murderers ie . 
  banderists instead of the millions of ukrainians who died fighting against fascism . 
  we had a similar period in the 90s where partisans were aggressively slandered and rejected , their monuments destroyed and fascist traitors becoming popular again , and thus got a really bad pr with the world . 
  watched it on national tv some time ago , i think it 's relatively known too , but i di n't really like it much . 
   i just wish our antifascists were n't bloody commies . 
  that just speaks for our `` democratic bourgeois '' forces , whose leader 's great idea during ww2 was to sit under the table while the big guys are fighting . 
  they also sat in london in a government whose official minister of armed forces killed people and collaborated with the nazis back home ( dra\u017ea ) . 
  no one could lead the fight but the communists . 
   it 's kinda harder to cheer for the `` correct '' side when this same side did its own terrible things , both during the war and in the long time after it . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  so you do n't cheer for the united nations because of dresden or hiroshima ? 
  there were good and there were bay guys , that 's the kind of war it was . 
   and we were n't liberated by the soviets , that did n't work out so well for the rest of the east . 
  soviets helped a lot during the belgrade offensive , it 's just that we had a home-grown partisan movement and therefore were n't just puppets of stalin . 
   ah , where was that ? 
  well , your country haha . 
  not recognizing that the soviets saved europe from fascism , or not even recognizing the losses they sacrificed for it , is pure butthurt and straight out historical revisionism . 
  that 's why estonians celebrate their ss collaborators and terrorists but foam at the mouth when you mention the soviets . 
  luckily , that 's not the norm in the west . 
  no , because croatia had its partisans and fought against fascism thus ending the war on the victorious side . 
  but also we had a croatian fascist puppet state that was one of the worst , committing terrible crimes , and some butthurted fascists who ca n't get over losing the war are now trying to relativize , justify and whitewash it all while shitting on the antifascist partisans . 
  not really . 
  every highschooler knows that the soviet union contributed the most ( and suffered some of the worst casualties , only poland and yugoslavia came close in europe ) to the defeat of fascism in ww2 . 
  thing is in popular culture it 's not that represented because russian movies about ww2 suck ( except for brest fortress ) and are not known in the west , and the soviet ones that were known back in the days are now mostly forgotten , except maybe come and see . 
  because it does and people recognize and remember in the west too ( even in defeated germany ) , well aside from a few butthurtistans whose only role in the ww2 was being nazi collaborationists . 
  they were n't . 
  aggressors of the ww2 : germany , italy , japan and their puppets . 
  as a matter of fact various post war peace treaties with defeated fascist nations used the exact term `` aggressor nations '' , and the ussr was n't among them . 
  those are facts . 
  so no , the ussr was n't ' an aggressor country during ww2 , despite the invasion of finland and poland and occupation of the baltics ( which the un never even recognized but did n't change a thing about soviet status in the united nations ) and bessarabia . 
  but they were n't . 
  soviets invaded poland more than two weeks after the german invasion , when poland was already finished . 
  you seem to be having a problem with the `` simultaneous '' part . 
  a simultaneous military action that you talk about was for example the invasion of yugoslavia in april 1941 when italy , germany , hungary and bulgaria attacked at the same time . 
  also it 's not about apologism , since i wishe the soviets never did that . 
  i never said the soviets did n't invade poland , i just said that it was n't a simultaneous military action with germany because it was n't . 
  see the position of polish forces on september the 17th . 
  they were done for . 
  the only option left for the polish before the soviets struck was creating a romanian bridgehead that totally depended on romanian goodwill , which was unlikely for many other reasons . 
  greek military is by far the strongest one on the balkans . 
  except they did n't invade it jointly , and the allies obviously never went to war with the ussr , but fought together with it against fascism . 
  learn history from books , not hearts of iron . 
  it was n't . 
  it was a member of the antifascist coalition and the united nations . 
  it was ( whatever the finnish daily mail comments section is called ) tier idiocy and ignorance , and it was on reddit . 
  nonsense . 
  when the soviet army crossed the border poland was already pretty much defeated , it certainly was n't a simultaneous military action . 
  on russian wiki it says it was a soviet provocation , so there 's that . 
  zvezda is military channel , it 's pretty much vatnik central . 
  which is ? 
  that we should come with a number straight out the ass ( better yet round it up so it 's easy to remember ? 
  how do you even calculate the victims of stalinist repression , would you count the holodomor in it too ? 
  if you did , you still do n't know the exact number of victims , since the estimates vary widely . 
  there are many other such cases . 
  the great terror lasted from 1937 to 1938 , thus previous victims and those that came later do n't count here . 
   i do n't think you can put the blame solely on stalin for this , looking at trotsky , it 's evident that he would have done what stalin did lol . 
  reddit history pro of the month ladies and gentlemen . 
  there are places in moldova proper like b\u0103l\u021bi where everyone speaks russian as well . 
  old church slavonic was the official liturgical language of the romanian orthodox church until the 19th century . 
  it 's literally a matter of spending a few hours to learn to read it properly ( cursive is a bit trickier but it 's not essential ) and it 's an official script of the eu . 
  in my opinion you ca n't call yourself an educated and cultured european if you do n't know both cyrillic and greek scripts . 
   russian is provided with the status of a `` language of inter-ethnic communication '' , and since soviet times remains widely used on many levels of the society and the state . 
  according to the above-mentioned national political conception , russian-romanian bilingualism is characteristic for moldova . 
  [ 6 ] russian was granted official status in gagauzia , a region in the south of the country inhabited mostly by ethnic gagauz , and in the breakaway region of transnistria in the east of the country . 
  380,796 people ( 11.25 % ) identify russian as their native language , and some 540,990 ( 16 % ) speak it as first language in daily use . 
  it is the first language for 93.2 % of ethnic russians , and a primary language for 4.9 % of moldovans , 50.0 % of ukrainians , 27.4 % of gagauz , 35.4 % of bulgarians , and 54.1 % of other ethnic minorities . 
  russian is widely spoken and taught in moldova . 
  as well as the caucasus and central asia . 
  i meant collective nato confrontation with russia .
