  why would you do this , just lie on the internet when everyone can check it out easily ? 
   since 1951 the learning of the russian language as the foreign language was obligatory , because of the leading role of the soviet union in the eastern bloc . 
  also available were english and french , but only as an additional elective foreign language ( universities required two foreign languages ) . 
  the russian lessons focused on the cyrillic script , the writing , the reading and the grammar of the russian language . 
  to be able to have a substantial conversation was not an aim , but to be able to use professional and technical russian literature . 
  the speaking skills should reach a level of sufficient fluency to have a small conversation with a local . 
  there were only few opportunities for student exchanges and to experience the pleasure of communicating in the other 's language . 
  appreciated by parents were the so-called head marks ( kopfnoten ) which assessed behavior , industriousness , order , and cooperation . 
  these were combined with a short teacher 's essay about the student 's character , success or progress , advice for future improvements - here and there from a socialistic point of view . 
  9gag is that way, 
  actually her russian is quite bad , and putin 's german is n't that good either as far as i can tell . 
  great . 
  what about gomulka ? 
  kind of doubt it , but if you say so . 
  i know from anecdotal evidence though that knowledge of russian was n't widespread in poland , \u010cssr , even bulgaria , so ddr citizens ( even scientists ) being good with it would surprise me a lot , since even slavs have a hard time actually being fluent in russian . 
  what a reddit-tier butthurted post . 
  lukashenko never was and is n't a communist leader , he came to power in 1994 . 
  before he was some kolkhoz manager or something . 
  also in my comment you 're replying to i said `` spoke '' implying pre-1989 times . 
  heartwarming to see someone actually make a custom flair for me out of pure butthurt . 
  yeah ? 
  i bet you sure know all about it . 
  which e. european communist leaders ( not to mention anyone else ) spoke fluent russian ? 
  i really doubt most of them spoke or knew russian . 
  russian language knowledge was n't even that widespread in slavic eastern block countries . 
  anyway , what would be the true hidden jewels of europe ? 
  i 'd guess georgia or armenia , they have nice nature , culture and tradition , good food and stuff to see . 
  butthurt thread of the week . 
  imagine the butthurt though . 
  well some ( serbian for example ) can be perfectly written in both . 
  actually when the soviets first standardized those central asian turkic languages they first used a latin script , and only later switched to cyrillic in the 30s-40s . 
  who gave the most foreign aid to serbia , first is facts , second is what people think who gave the most . 
   only serbians were sentenced at the ` court ' . 
  that 's a meme , and false too . 
   cyrillic language, 
  you sound like you 're 14 yo . 
  does n't explain the big difference between various countries , some of which are similarly failed states with lowest living standards in europe - moldova and ukraine . 
  armenia did n't even have an actual economy before the soviets . 
  as i said there are no nazi monuments in europe ( because they rightfully got destroyed , if they managed to build any ) , so this whole `` discussion '' is completely pointless . 
  also comparing nazis and soviets and other soviet-influenced members of the antifascist coalition and the antifascist resistance is a whole new level of either stupidity or maliciousness . 
  nice godwin 's law here . 
  and far as i know there are no nazi monuments standing anywhere in europe , only wehrmacht memorials . 
  regardless , removing soviet monuments ( or at least those dedicated to the soviet army ) is vandalism against history . 
   you might have been holding a russian flag ( on russia day !, 
  ) , you might have been chanting `` russia without putin '' , or you might just have been watching , or even -- in one case -- explaining to an interviewer why you supported putin ... nothing protected you . 
  for those to want to see some brainwashed putin-bot ( basically he 's talking he 's all for putin , strong russia , against the opposition etc. ), 
  getting a surprise at those recent anti-corruption protests , watch this around 1 minute . 
  top lel . 
  as far as i know albania did n't even open the negotiations . 
  literal autism - the post . 
  actually they cut their defense budget by quite a lot this year . 
  there 's a nice saying in russian ( and croatian too ) : \u0443 \u0441\u043e\u0441\u0435\u0434\u0430 \u043a\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430 \u0437\u0434\u043e\u0445\u043b\u0430 . 
  great article , a good perspective for westerners who usually do n't `` get '' russia , which admittedly ai n't easy to do given just how schizophrenic that society 's become . 
  it 's called overcompensating . 
  low effort trolling . 
  actually it 's harmful not because of radioactivity but because it 's a toxic metal . 
  chill out bro . 
  you mentioned your nationality first for some reason , i do n't really care about it . 
  plus it 's just half-banter m8 x-ddd . 
  whoever wants can check for himself , that bulgaria has made the least progress of all ( eu ) ex-communist nations , that 's a fact . 
  and people live if only marginally better than back then , it 's hard to quantify exactly , but certainly most people 's lives did n't improve much compared to rest of the eastern block . 
  i would n't be surprised if most people voted to join russia if only because pensions and state salaries are 2-3 times higher in russia compared to ukraine . 
  at least it 's above `` tracking rainer '' from 2015 . http://kotaku.com/pro-tip-dont-copy-battlefield-3-stingers-1719695507, 
  yeah , an empty link shut me right up 8 = = = = = = = = ddddd but i understand your butthurt now since you said you 're polish : ddddddddddddd, 
  meant the same too . 
  at least in zagreb we do n't have those built anymore , as far as i know . 
  i do n't think they build those anymore , not in old style for sure . 
  we wuz rich and shiet , damn turks and russians ruined us, 
  going to paralia for 200 euro holidays ( while bringing your own tomato and pashteta ) is a testament of people living much better ? 
  lol . 
  and i 've been to sofia , never seen a sadder , grayer and a more depressing town in the whole of balkans , i guess it looked like shit even during communism when most of it was new and relatively maintained . 
   i can stay in the park till late with a can of beer and a bunch of friends singing and laughing , whereas my parents lived in a society where this was strictly forbidden and punished as anti-social funny thing , a well known yugonostalgic meme is `` that back then you could drink and sleep on a park bench and no one would touch you '' . 
  nowadays you can still do it but formally it 's against the law and you can pay a 40 euro fine , not only for drinking but for sleeping on a park bench as well . 
  but it 's usually not enforced by the police . 
  well bulgaria has always been a shithole , both in communist times and nowadays too it 's still the worst shithole in the eu , but unlike absolute hellholes that was romania or poland in 1990 bulgaria made the least progress , and it was ahead of both of them during last years of communism . 
  bust most bulgarians do n't . 
  poles or romanians can unironically talk that their lives got better , but bulgaria is a vivid example of a failed transition to capitalism . 
  exactly . 
  modern `` capitalist '' blocks are almost always much worse in that regard . 
  in croatia , and i think most other countries , you can ( and do ) have for example an unemployed alcoholic , a pensioner , a doctor and a student and an office worker living on the same floor in the same commieblock . 
  if you let it turn into ghettos a la paris banlieus then you 'll get slums . 
  well considering the housing shortage and outrageous rent prices not only in western but in eastern europe as well , i would n't mind more of those being built . 
  usually they came with some sense of urban planning , parks , facilities etc. 
  better to live in functional `` commieblock '' neighborhoods than america-style endless suburbia with literally nothing there . 
  too bad you 're too bad . 
  i 'm pro-commie , but not pro-russia in general . 
  i do n't like vatniks . 
  for example i celebrated 9th of may unironically , but do n't agree with what russians turned it into nowadays . 
  germans ( ironically ) , the french , italian , spanish people all generally see the red army as a liberating force and respect their monuments and memorial days and ceremonies . 
  it 's usually only some butthurt balts and somewhat less frequently poles who shit on them all the time . 
  not at all actually , i 'm even banned on russia subreddit for mocking vatnikism . 
   they lagged behind the west sure , but a lot of progress was done , especially till the 80s . 
  yeah , but `` a lot of the eastern block '' was n't even literate or was at best semi-literate ( meaning people there did n't really have much education ) . 
  butthurt detected . 
  ussr was a part of the allies . 
  also during d-day , aside from the soviets of course and the operation bagration that started later in june and broke the spine of the germany army , the polish and yugoslavian resistance in particular also undertook serious operations and reached hundreds of thousands in strength . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allies_of_world_war_ii https://k60.kn3.net/taringa/2/3/4/8/7/3/spike_master/908.jpg, 
  czechia at least has an argument because it was actually a modern industrial country , but a lot of the eastern block were semi-literate peasant shitholes before the war . 
  `` halting progress '' when it was during that time that most of those countries actually entered the 20st century . 
  they lagged behind the west sure , but a lot of progress was done , especially till the 80s .
