  even now a lot of tourists who do come there come for transnistria . 
  these people make at best 150 euros a month , and besides normal working in shit conditions ( i 'd assume ) now they also have to go and make some , frankly , butthurt commercials . 
  like they ( or norwegians or everyday people anywhere else for that matter ) give a shit about russia and europe mutual sanctions . 
  plus moldova is quite pro-russian anyway . 
  wow it 's not 10 % but 5 % . 
  sorry for not following the latest in greek election results . 
  but regardless , kke has loads of young people in its ranks , regardless of your butthurt about it . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  kke has consistently cca . 
  10 % of votes , and tonnes of young people on its rallies . 
  it 's samogon time again . 
  or `` window washer '' / `` tincture for nervousness '' ( ie . 
  alcohol but not sold as such , like spice that 's `` air refreshener '' ) , i hear that 's becoming popular in ru now . 
  the main and official language of the kuk army was german . 
  it 's funny how romania still has by far the worst reputation of all the eu countries . 
  i was there for a short while , in tiraspol . 
  tbh it looked better than chisinau , and even the people were nicer . 
  there 's not really a bad vibe to the city , at least from my point of view . 
  seems like a nice , peaceful place for a family life . 
  talked to a few of the people there too , they were all turbo pro-putin vatniks though . 
  all in all it 's not worse than moldova or ukraine . 
  i guess it will become significantly better again when/if russian money starts rolling more again when the oil price rises . 
  so there 's that . 
  no problems at their border either , unlike on the moldavian-romanian one , that was a fucking chore . 
  coastal croatia is far more `` culturally latin '' than romania , despite people there being slavic croats who speak croatian ( with many italian loanwords though , especially in older times ) . 
  romanians speaka latin language , but that 's all there is to it . 
  even the language in romanian orthodox church was old slavonic till the 19th century ( we `` switched '' to latin in the middle ages ) . 
  romania and especially bulgaria are , i 'd say , first of all definitely oriental . 
  been to both i like both countries , but that 's how it feels . 
  that 's because bulgaria is n't really slavic and romania is n't latin . 
  save for the language in both cases . 
  kosovo is an oasis of democracy and civilization compared to chechnya , dagestan and such . 
  english language does n't have a distinction between ethnic russians ( \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 ) and citizens of russian federation ( \u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f\u043d\u0435 ) . 
  how was buying those things more justifiable for croatia instead of buying modern jets ( before the pz . 
  haubitze we had 122 mm soviet gvozdika 's which while inferior served their purpose and worked , unlike our fighter aviation of a few mig21 's that are falling apart ) . 
  same as with patria 's ( which had some corruption scandals going on as well ) instead of written-off bmp 's . 
  i was in lvov which has a reputation for being anti-russian and just took care to say `` dobroho dnya , djakuju '' and other basic words instead of spasibo , but otherwise spoke in russian . 
  did n't have any problems . 
   like us with russians . 
  kek . 
  if you really want to go this way small croatia ( 4 million people ) had 130k active frontline soldiers for operation storm against serbs in krajina ( who mobilized some 60k people too from a base of a mere half a million people there , more than the whole donbass army which had a manpool of around 4 million people ) in 1995 and finished with them in 3 days . 
  ukraine 's been fighting in donbass against separatists and at best 20-30k russian soldiers , and never had more than 150k people in its armed forces . 
  out of 40 million , after several mobilizations . 
  not even in the same league as croatia . 
   muh cultural marxism back to / pol /, 
  they also went to lengths to move a few churches as well , despite destroying many . 
  agree though , the operation could have easily cost as much as this whole generic `` khruschevka '' . 
  which is total bullshit and said no one ever . 
  the bolsheviks called for the preservation of the best of the bourgeois ( and previous ) culture . 
  the soviets destroyed only one very notable church in moscow . 
  and in fact the ugly , cheap , brutalistic looks came to existence only in the 50s and 60s in communist and capitalist countries ( uk or france where it all originated anyway ) alike , motivated by the need for many new flats , quickly . 
  there was no ideological rationale for eastern block cities looking the way that they do and did , same for banlieus . 
  also the pre-stalin soviet architecture was avangardistic and modern , while the stalinist one was neo-classicists , kitschy , ornated and overall tried to imitate older styles . 
  never seen any romanian wine here . 
  we do have a few low-tier `` bostavan '' moldovan ones but they 're shit because made according to soviet tastes in wine ( added sugar + sulphites ) therefore too sweet and on top of it surprisingly expensive . 
  literally tens of thousands of italians served with yugoslav partisans , including fighting in some of the harshest battles like the syrmian front in western serbia where they served alongside soviets as well . 
   according to tito , the national composition of the partisan army in may 1944 was 44 % serb , 30 % croat , 10 % slovene , 5 % montenegrin , 2.5 % macedonian , and 2.5 % bosnian muslim . 
  [ 50 ] italians and hungarians were also in the army : 20,000 italian fighters were in 9th corps ( yugoslav partisans ) , partisan battalion pino budicin , division garibaldi and division italia later . 
  [ 51 ] according to the encyclopedia of the holocaust of the united states holocaust memorial museum  italian troops captured by the germans were given a choice to keep fighting with the germans . 
  about 94,000 italians accepted and the remaining 710,000 were designated italian military internees and were transported as slave labour to germany . 
  some italian troops that evaded german capture in the balkans joined the yugoslav ( about 40,000 soldiers ) and greek resistance ( about 20,000 ) . 
  [ 88 ] the same happened in albania . 
  many of today 's successful companies here were created during those times . 
  also yugoslavia had a more market-oriented economy , and things worked differently than in other socialist countries . 
  many companies were , and some still are extremely competitive . 
  one croatian company is among world leaders in making electrical transformers for example . 
  it was the 4th strongest military in europe in 1945 because the yugoslav army ( partisans ) had a million people under arms then . 
  otherwise jna was by the 80s technologically behind even bulgaria ( which had more mig-29s and s-300 ) and comparable to romania . 
  hell , it used shermans , some other american ww2 tds and t-34 even in 1991 . 
  jna as a whole was far from capable , as it showed in 1991 . 
  i 'd say the gdr 's nva was tiers above it . 
  butthurt thread of the week . 
  the irony here is that ceausescu was explicitly and strongly anti-soviet . 
  so authentic romanian national communism was even worse than communism in full-on soviet puppet states , like czechoslovakia after 1968 . 
  bulgarians fooled under the flag of `` slav brotherhood '' ? 
  first stereotype a serb for example would have of bulgarians is one of a `` knife in the back '' . 
  when bulgaria was defeated after ww2 it became the most loyal soviet puppet in e. europe , to the point of t. zhivkov asking khruschev to let bulgaria join the ussr . 
  for most of its history though bulgaria was aligned with germany and turkey against the `` west '' ie . 
  entente and russia , did n't help you become any more `` western '' though seeing bulgaria is still the most backwards and `` oriental '' of all eu countries . 
  romania definitely turned fascist after the hungarians took transilvania , but had strong fascist movements throughout the 30s . 
  so you blaming the soviets for this too is just ridiculous . 
  also the soviet crimes in bessarabia pale in comparison to romanian war crimes in transnistria and ukraine especially against the jews , the brutality of which sometimes shocked even the germans ( as did , not bene , the crimes of croatian usta\u0161e ) . 
  different cases . 
  also czechoslovakia was never formally occupied ( and it was n't communist even until 1948 ) by the ussr until 1968 , unlike romania , bulgaria , hungary which were considered enemy nations in the peace negotiations afterwards . 
  besides it was all arranged in yalta , years after barbarossa started . 
  that 's funny because from what i heard iliescu ( who spoke russian and went to schools there ) and the romanian revolution in 1989 was supported by the soviets against ceausescu who was the most anti-soviet of all warpac countries ' leaders . 
  also romania would n't have been occupied had they not invaded the ussr alongside germany with a million troops , pushing all the way to stalingrad . 
  even finland ended the war in 1944 without being occupied by the soviets . 
  and their karelia may be seen as an analogue to bessarabia which the romanians had a legitimate claim on , but they went on much further unlike finland and were unlike finland not a co-belliegerent of germany but a full on ally , or better yet a puppet . 
  and you 'd probably end up like your ancestors near stalingrad after attacking and fighting for foreign lands all the while your `` allies '' are taking a third of your country from you , then lose half your army for nothing and finally switch sides . 
  i do n't know how it works , but here too most cafes are full during working hours . 
  such is life in south-eastern europe . 
  the shittier your country is , the more shadow economy you have . 
  does n't make gdp statistics any less valid . 
  in the poorest parts of the balkans ( bosnia , kosovo which have 40 % unemployment or something ) people do n't do anything but sit in cafes all day long . 
  those are still far ahead of ukraine which is literally africa-tier by many criteria , especially corruption . 
   that manyamiroque, 
  i 'm sure no one regards czechs , slovenians , maybe us croats too as russian subhumans . 
  lay off the kiselev and boyarka a bit , manya . 
  no , but i 'd understand if someone wanted to steal it if he could make some profit that 's more than a 100 eur without risking years in jail .
