  they had a war and split from georgia ( which itself was in civil war ) in the early 90s , and it all has more to do with caucasus national tensions and conflicts which that place is infamous for than russia . 
  no point being sarcastic , they were actual peace keepers there in georgia . 
  if georgians had n't attacked them maybe russia would n't have reacted the way it did . 
  it was n't created by russia ( which did n't even exist back then ) but by people living there who did n't want to become a part of romania , because in those times there was a great possibility of rm-ro unification . 
  also there were big soviet military bases there and huge ammo stockpiles , so the soviet and later russian army stayed to guard them ( as it did in the baltics and elsewhere , but in moldova they stayed to this day and got involved in the defense of pmr against moldavian forces ) . 
  to be fair pmr is not a dictatorship neither is it communist ( `` communists '' are actually stronger in moldova proper than in transnistria ) . 
  it 's a corrupt hellhole failed state but so are their neighbors . 
  u mad bro ? 
  old one looks more soulful tbh . 
  how is greece not balkans lol, 
  there is for the most part , aside from minor artillery duels and some shootouts . 
  a good part of ukrainian and donbass forces are various militias who ca n't control themselves . 
   they ca n't be peacefully integrated since the rebels in donbass have no reason for peaceful integration minsk agreements basically say that donbass will be peacefully integrated with ukraine in the future . 
  signed by both ukraine , donbass rebels and russia . 
  nice advocating ethnic cleansing . 
  if they did that russia would be seriously pissed off , so that 's not an option . 
  in reality a good part of ukraine is still pro-russian , and not just donbass , meaning they have to be peacefully integrated like we did with eastern slavonia in 1998 . 
  wo n't be solved by banning the language that is still used by perhaps most ukrainians , and it 's not just a pro forma question either , since ukrainian and russian are n't really that mutually intelligible and a good part of ukrainians ( whether ethnic or minorities ) do n't speak ukrainian . 
  they do n't really need american ( or any other ) weapons though since they have enough . 
  they need training and will to fight , a competent and non-corrupt army infiltrated by russian spies . 
  anyway , there 's also the minsk treaty that de facto freezes the conflict which wo n't be solved by force . 
  something like croatia did with oluja in 1995 ie . 
  taking its legitimate territory under legitimate jurisdiction . 
  well now in ukraine 's case the crimea would be bit of a problem , but donbass is a different story . 
  abkhazia and ossetia have really more to do with some kavkaz tribal feuds than russia , well in any case they had a war with georgia in 1992-3 or something , and the conflict went frozen until 2008 . 
  georgia , just like moldova with gagauzia , also has a frozen separatist-issue ( that never went hot though as far as i know anyway ) with adjaria since the 90s . 
  that , massive russian infiltration in the security-defense apparatus , lack of integrated forces ( official ua army and various militias do n't really like each other , there were cases of ua army selling info about militia positions to the rebels/russians ) , general unwillingness to fight ( ukraine as a country has less mobilized men than croatia had in 1995 ) a lack of fighting spirit and obviously russian intervention are one of the reasons ukraine will most likely never be able to win the war in the east . 
  some ukrainian ammo-warehouse that exploded recently ( happens often ) , probably so the higher ups could cover up the theft ( including selling it to their enemies in donbass ) of ammo and stuff . 
  sounds like bullshit tbh . 
  doubt it could ever be more affordable than the boats , add to it different track gauge and general instability and safety issues in many of those countries . 
  plus uzbekistan is more isolated than north korea , almost impossible to get a visa there . 
  now imagine a train having to cross a few such borders ( some of which are de facto closed anyway , so is the india-pakistan railway ) . 
   and i repeat , estonians are not balts . 
  you certainly are a butthurt bunch , that puts you together with the rest if nothing else x-ddd, 
  i 'm telling you most e. european countries had similar terrorists , including croatia , but you wo n't see anyone defending them , especially not here on reddit . 
  chisinau is probably more pro-russian than ukraine nowadays , i think moldova is the actually the most pro-russian of all ex-ussr countries except belarus . 
  also there 's the obvious fact of pmr not sharing a border with russia , and rm also does n't use force against pmr . 
  those two cases are all frozen ( well ukraine not so much ) conflicts in ex-ussr areas , but all those are not the same and alike , rather specific issues and cases ( whether it be transnistria , donbass , nagorno karabakh or s. ossetia-abkhazia ) . 
  transnistria conflict started before russia even existed as a country . 
  it was a different time , and it 's not really smart to compare it to the ukraine crisis for many reasons . 
  different times and circumstances . 
  according to some polls only 40 % of romanians ( and barely 20 % of germans and 30 % french ) would be willing to fight for their own country . 
  i 'm sure europeans wo n't be really willing to go to war over estonia , but then again we have professional armies and not conscript ones . 
  but on the other hand the paranoia over russia and the baltics is also just butthurt paranoia , and not a real issue . 
  ukraine conflict is a relatively minor one and entire ukraine did n't manage to mobilize 150k soldiers ( less than what croatia had in 1995 , and that 's without forced mobilizations ) , a country of c. 35 million people . 
  donbass rebels are bit more motivated but still obviously not that passionate over defending their `` republics '' . 
  not even gon na comment further on this , it 's pointless . 
  good thing such opinions exist mostly in the baltics and much elsewhere , at least as far as eu is concerned . 
  the butthurt games, 
  yes we do . 
  but we ( and serbs , montenegrins ) are unique regarding that . 
  but when you try latinizing macedonian and bulgarian you already run into serious problems . 
  maybe , i do n't know . 
  it 's just known here from serbian popular culture/memory . 
  also what about `` my '' side ? 
  luckily croats never had much to do with bulgarians . 
   i wonder what you 're trying to get at with blaming the baltics for nazi sympathy !, 
  did n't really say that . 
  you ca n't even argument without twisting words and lying . 
  also , literal quotes from balts here :  the men in the local ss-units also wanted freedom as they fought against the greater evil - the soviet union . 
   it 's not true - we are proud of them as well and for a good reason . 
  these fascism labels are just a typical example of soviet/russian propaganda . 
   the men in the local ss-units also wanted freedom as they fought against the greater evil - the soviet union . 
  that 's literal nazi apologism everywhere outside the baltics . 
  as said , he only later became one . 
  plenty such cases in yugoslavia !, 
  sad !, 
  also i do n't know about `` opposite stuff '' since as far as i know partisans ( or even \u010detniks ) never went into bulgaria proper . 
  bulgaria herself lost almost nothing during ww2 , only c. 20k people ( of which 18 were military ) . 
  http://znaci.net/damjan/pojam.php?br=1343 those are official yugoslavian partisan ( nob ) documents about bulgarian crimes against yugoslavs ( mainly serbs in eastern serbia ) . 
  i 'm sure you can get the gist of it even without google translate . 
  do n't know much that 's in english . 
  i know in general that bulgarians were considered really horrible . 
  there 's also a book ( based on real life ) by dobrica \u0106osi\u0107 ( he later became a serbian nationalist and a \u010detnik ) called `` daleko je sunce '' that tells of his real-life experience when he was in partisans , bulgarians were described as even worse than germans . 
  does n't excuse anything though . 
  soviet occupation of germany was less brutal than the bulgarian occupation of east serbia and macedonia , the soviets usually stopped at rapes and stealing , but bulgarians were notorious for things like bayonetting children during anti-partisan operations and all in all being extremely brutal and in ( sub ) human . 
  bulgaria committed horrible war crimes in serbia , macedonia ( and i think greece as well ) during ww2 ( as well as ww1 , but those are not as well documented ) . 
  according to popular memory they were one of the worst . 
  hope you 'll like french and german super-subsidized goods too : ddd, 
  they 're probably the poorest and most corrupt country in europe , alongside moldova ( do n't know exactly which one is worse right now ) . 
  they were literally ex-nazis who continued killing even after the war , making them ordinary terrorists . 
  no propaganda here . 
  you being proud of them just makes you an embarrassment . 
   unlike estonia and latvia where the germans conscripted the local population into military formations within waffen-ss , lithuania never had its own waffen-ss division . 
  in 1944 the nazi authorities had created an ill-equipped but 20,000-strong `` lithuanian territorial defense force '' under general povilas plechavi\u010dius to combat soviet partisans led by antanas snie\u010dkus . 
  the germans , however , quickly came to see this force as a nationalist threat to their occupation regime . 
  the senior staff were arrested on may 15 , 1944 , with general plechavi\u010dius being deported to the concentration camp in salaspils , latvia . 
  however , approximately half of the remaining forces formed guerrilla units and dissolved into the countryside in preparation for partisan operations against the red army as the eastern front approached . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] the guerrilla operations in estonia and latvia had some basis in adolf hitler 's authorization of a full withdrawal from estonia in mid-september 1944 -- he allowed any soldiers of his estonian forces , primarily the 20th waffen-ss division ( 1st estonian ) , who wished to stay and defend their homes to do so [ citation needed ] -- and in the fate of army group courland , among the last of hitler 's forces to surrender after it became trapped in the courland pocket on the courland peninsula in 1945 . 
  many estonian and latvian soldiers , and a few germans , evaded capture and fought as forest brothers in the countryside for years after the war . 
  others , such as alfons rebane and alfr\u0113ds rieksti\u0146\u0161 escaped to the united kingdom and sweden and participated in allied intelligence operations in aid of the forest brothers . 
  i thought balts being nazi apologists was just a russian propaganda meme , but seeing how many of you people think here ( on a pro-democratic subreddit and a platform that in general tends to be liberal to left-of-center most of the time ) i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  you 're twisting my words . 
  they invaded finland only to achieve their territorial goals from the negotiations ( mainly moving the border further from their big city ) , and had the finns accepted the terms they would have been compensated with more territory . 
  well good to hear that . 
  i guess lithuanians then feel warmer about them , judging from the article and reddit comments here . 
  well neum literally breaks croatia in two . 
  if you ask me we could give them the southernmost part in exchange for neum , would be fair . 
   i really doubt finland had capacity to invade ussr , though i 'm more than happy to see finnish soldiers fighting off soviet invaders and protecting their homeland from the aggressor even when insanely out numbered . 
  in retrospect it was a stupid move from the soviets because it rallied the entire finnish nation against the ussr , despite many people there being pro-socialist before 1939 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spirit_of_the_winter_war  maybe if you 're sovietphile that thinks estonia or finland could possibly invade ussr .
