  it was enough that they let germans use their bases . 
  anyway they could have easily joined the german attack in 1941 , who knows . 
  hungary and slovakia joined the war despite not having anything to do with the ussr . 
  also finland contributed much to the german war effort , though they did n't attack further from their 1939 borders . 
   but that link says that ussr actively tried to get a coalition to attack the nazis prior to ww2 it did . 
  western powers were n't really interested , and poland refused to let soviet armies cross her territory . 
  who 's to blame for this and who put the ussr in such a position sabotaging a europe-wide coalition against fascism ( that later happened anyway ) ? 
  make your own conclusions . 
  that said i do n't support the decision to sign the infamous molotov-ribbentrop pact , but let 's not act like the ussr is the sole one to blame here . 
   unironically using `` the icebreaker '' as an argument lmao . 
  there 's no controversy about the soviets having offensive plans against everyone , that 's what armies do . 
  usa had well-worked out offensive plans against canada and the uk , just to name their allies ( and vice versa ) . 
  in reality the ussr was deadly afraid of hitler especially after 1938 , doing everything it could to delay the start of the war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_color-coded_war_plans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defence_scheme_no._1, 
  that 's after western powers refused all proposed defense pacts alongside the ussr against hitler . 
  they did the same with \u010chetniks , ukrainian banderists , hell even italian fascists post 1943 sometimes , obviously they all had somewhat different interests ( but the main thing , and something they all agreed on , was that fighting democracy and antifascism was the first priority and everything else came later ) . 
  does n't make them any less of collaborators . 
  ex-nazi collaborationist terrorists ( ie . 
  probably most of them ) were n't and could n't be pro democracy . 
  only pro-democratic resistance worth mentioning in ww2 europe was in poland , and the albanian , french , italian , yugoslav ones were led by the communists anyway . 
  except that the resistance was a pro-democracy , antifascist ( ie . 
  values the modern world is based on , if only on paper ) movement . 
  it 's insulting to even compare the two . 
  also the vichy was n't even legitimate according to the french . 
   did they ally with nazi or not is irrelevant . 
  lol . 
  forest brothers were just one of many various anti-communist guerrilla bands that operated throughout eastern europe ( mostly ex-nazis ) and in yugoslavia spread terror all the way till the 50s . 
  russian official in question just called them criminals , i do n't see what the issue is here , since that 's what they were , being terrorist , murderers and saboteurs . 
   unlike estonia and latvia where the germans conscripted the local population into military formations within waffen-ss , lithuania never had its own waffen-ss division . 
  in 1944 the nazi authorities had created an ill-equipped but 20,000-strong `` lithuanian territorial defense force '' under general povilas plechavi\u010dius to combat soviet partisans led by antanas snie\u010dkus . 
  the germans , however , quickly came to see this force as a nationalist threat to their occupation regime . 
  the senior staff were arrested on may 15 , 1944 , with general plechavi\u010dius being deported to the concentration camp in salaspils , latvia . 
  however , approximately half of the remaining forces formed guerrilla units and dissolved into the countryside in preparation for partisan operations against the red army as the eastern front approached . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ]  the guerrilla operations in estonia and latvia had some basis in adolf hitler 's authorization of a full withdrawal from estonia in mid-september 1944 -- he allowed any soldiers of his estonian forces , primarily the 20th waffen-ss division ( 1st estonian ) , who wished to stay and defend their homes to do so -- and in the fate of army group courland , among the last of hitler 's forces to surrender after it became trapped in the courland pocket on the courland peninsula in 1945 . 
  many estonian and latvian soldiers , and a few germans , evaded capture and fought as forest brothers in the countryside for years after the war . 
  others , such as alfons rebane and alfr\u0113ds rieksti\u0146\u0161 escaped to the united kingdom and sweden and participated in allied intelligence operations in aid of the forest brothers . 
  it was an epic butt-kicking by the armenians btw . 
  except that \u010cetniks were really shitty warriors , loosing every battle against partisans , and then sucking hard during the 90s in croatia and bosnia . 
  armenians kicked the shit out of azerbaijanis who outnumbered them and had better weaponry . 
  the 're not , we drive pretty much similar cars , and have pretty much similar living standards ( with czechs taking a lead in the last few years ) . 
  also they drove \u0160koda 's mostly , which were superior to zastava 's of the time that most of yugoslavians drove . 
  almost every \u0160koda was superior to a fi\u0107o , stojadin or a yugo . 
  their living standards and first of all purchasing power in actual hard currency sucked hard compared to ours ( but you and i are croats , meaning we do n't usually take into consideration 2 mil . 
  ap kosovo that was a third world-tier shithole when talking about yugoslav times , and bosnia was n't that well-off either in yugoslavia ) , but in major economic indicators they were ahead of us , especially czechoslovakia . 
  their populace was better educated , lived in better homes , and their industry was more developed . 
  \u010cssr ( half the yugoslavian population ) was a major industrial powerhouse , and still is actually . 
  as far as i know the 80s crisis had to do with foreign debt first of all , and not with samoupravljanje and cooperation with the ussr . 
  and from what i know yugoslavia had good economic relations with the ussr since after khruschev took power there in the mid 50s . 
  not really . 
  during markovi\u0107 's reforms , for a while , yugoslavs had really good wages in actual convertible hard currency . 
  also i do n't think yugoslavs ( even less so slovenes ) had c. 100 dm wages at any time during yugoslavia considering the purchasing power , if only anecdotal for starters ( since i do n't have any concrete data ) . 
  my dad could buy an apple 2 ( well he had to smuggle it from munich to avoid taxes ) with a few monthly salaries , and he was n't some manager or anything . 
  i hate the fact that eu and nato are related in so many ways and on so many levels . 
  even our ex-ministry was called the ministry of euro-atlantic integration . 
  what the fuck does an european union have to do with nato , america , canada , turkey ? 
  lol . 
  serbians are fiercely anti nato , considering nato bombed them in 1999 . 
  that 's also a meme . 
  our living standards and wages were much better , we could buy jeans , italian whatnot from trieste or import used mercedeses from germany , but by most basic economic-development standards ( starting with literacy to % of homes with water toilets , to facts and figures regarding the economy in general ) we were behind czechoslovakia , e. germany etc. 
  in 1990 my dad had a salary of some 1500 dm , while romanians had maybe 50 at best and the average east german had the same 1500 dm ( brd already at the time , also it 's a guess but it ca n't be far ) , true that did n't last for long . 
  nonsense , samoupravljanje was the point of yugoslav socialism since the early 50 's . 
  in reality most ex-yu countries sans slovenia and croatia ( and that not by much ) are behind romania-bulgaria levels of development . 
  czsl . 
  had border forts that impressed hitler who commented how hard it would have been to overcome them , and a well equipped army with tanks rivaling german ones at the time . 
  it could have put up a serious defense . 
  and that 's after eurofighter typhoon ( largest operator being the uk with 160 and germany with 140 , italy and spain with 80 each and austria with some 15 , then comes saudi arabia with 80 and some other gulf countries ) being built in ... 500 examples by now , after decades of research and billions spent . 
  meanwhile croatia 's buying israeli/american f-16 's ( because they 're much cheaper of course , but that brings me to ) - why does n't the eu subsidy european defense industry ? 
  poland , as well as her french and british `` allies '' actually refused the defense pact with the ussr against hitler  papers which were kept secret for almost 70 years show that the soviet union proposed sending a powerful military force in an effort to entice britain and france into an anti-nazi alliance . 
  such an agreement could have changed the course of 20th century history , preventing hitler 's pact with stalin which gave him free rein to go to war with germany 's other neighbours . 
   the offer of a military force to help contain hitler was made by a senior soviet military delegation at a kremlin meeting with senior british and french officers , two weeks before war broke out in 1939 . 
  the new documents , copies of which have been seen by the sunday telegraph , show the vast numbers of infantry , artillery and airborne forces which stalin 's generals said could be dispatched , if polish objections to the red army crossing its territory could first be overcome . 
  but the british and french side - briefed by their governments to talk , but not authorised to commit to binding deals - did not respond to the soviet offer , made on august 15 , 1939 . 
  instead , stalin turned to germany , signing the notorious non-aggression treaty with hitler barely a week later . 
  you intervened but on isis side . 
  i 'd actually assume that the major part of their great patriotic war history is truthful and reliable due to just how important that war was and is for them . 
  for the same reason i would n't doubt yugoslav era books about fascist massacres against civilians . 
  what did turks do while isis were destroying rojava ? 
  they watched and traded with them , essentially keeping an open border for terrorists , but shooting at kurdish and other civilians who wanted to escape to turkey . 
  what did they do during the fight for kobane , except sitting on their asses literally meters from isis , and firing a mortar or two occasionally but ... against pkk/ypg and others fighting isis . 
  who saved kobane if not the pkk ( and american airforce ) ? 
  obama had to press turkey to allow pkk/ypg reinforcements to kobane , but turks are quite open in that they 'd have preferred it falling to isis instead . 
  in my book that 's literal supporting of terrorism , while kurds on the other hand are the best fighters against isis and other terrorists in the middle east . 
  seeing that absolutely made me lose any respect for turkey . 
  their economy is really dependent on cheap russian energy . 
  impressive levels of paranoid `` proofstering '' right there , usually you see this mostly among russians . 
  difference is the ukrainian nazis who committed those crimes are now again celebrated in ukraine , hell a literal butcher like shukhevich recently got a street in kiev named after him . 
  as for srebrenica , as someone else said , half the people who actually got sentenced for the genocide there are now walking free ( and many of those guilty never even saw the court ) , and karad\u017ei\u0107 , mladi\u0107 etc. 
  are also hailed in republika srpska . 
  pkk is actually fighting terrorism unlike the turkish government who supports it . 
  everyone understand this outside turkey . 
  supposedly russians and others hold belarussian food and good in high regards because it 's made according to old soviet gost standards while nowadays stuff made in russia is much worse , like fake cheese etc. 
  especially after the sanctions . 
  same here - bjelorusija or white russia . 
  if i 'm not mistaken old slavs used colors to designate sides of the world . 
  sorry you have to see this . 
  there 's no eu ( or any sort of ) future for ukraine with bandera , ss galichina , shukhevich and such . 
   but they never tried to destroy our culture or people like the ones in russia or russian satellite states that 's / pol / tier idiocy . 
  russian culture as such was mostly formed during the soviet era , which is n't surprising . 
  russia before the revolution was such a massively illiterate , backwards , primitive , shithole that it took the bolsheviks to actually bring it up into the 20th century . 
  if by russian culture you mean pogroms , byzantine-style corrupt church , degenerated nobles and whatnot then good thing the bolsheviks took care of it .
