  ok yeh that makes sense . 
  i do n't know why that was n't obvious to me really . 
  i do n't really think praying in public is forcing religion onto other people anymore than me asking a waiter what is vegetarian is forcing my ethics onto people . 
  handing round a petition to raise support for the opening of a prayer room also does n't seem much like forcing to me . 
  that is a very thick line you 're drawing . 
  that 's funny actually because the one muslim friend i have happens to be from malmo , he has never mentioned the hand grenades though somehow . 
  oh ok well yeh me too then . 
  i guess some of the comments in here coloured my perception of your comment . 
  i do n't think she is refusing to assimilate by saying that she does n't wish to be forced to follow danish culture though . 
  it is n't saying that there is no part of danish culture that she wishes to adopt . 
  do n't know if you can see my flair , but the uk . 
  more specifically south west england ( very rural ) . 
  fucking hell i hate this sub so much sometimes . 
  this whole comment section was so depressing . 
  i really would rather people kept as much of their culture as they could when settling in my country , it makes the place mor vibrant and interesting . 
  quite , i do n't want to have to leave the uk just because i would love to change a lot about it 's politics and culture . 
  you have n't ? 
  at both the primary schools i attended we said prayers and sang hymns during assembly , and secondary school muslims were free to use a prayer rooms at any time other than during lessons . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with that really , our society should make reasonable accomadations were possible . 
  clearly accomodations are more reasonable if a lot of people would stand to benefit . 
  we already have access to our own nukes ... 
  there are several out at sea right now . 
  was that person scottish ot welsh ? 
  they seem to take it more seriously than us . 
  that is n't the story british people are told, 
  i feel like we have a more diverse music scene than most countries , i 'm not all that surprised really . 
  we just call that a road beer . 
  are n't those examples of actions and actor correct ? 
  or have i become americanised ? 
  ah i understand your point now . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't see how i am talking bs , i have n't even said very much . 
  i definitely did n't say it would make anyone rich , nor did i say current spending was enough . 
  in fact i said spending should be increased . 
  i feel you are being dishonest with your ' 1 % spread out over the eu ' line as well . 
  the eu budget is not solely funded by the uks contribution , which seems to be closer to 2 % of its budget than 1 % . 
  the uks budget is also quite large as a percentage of gdp ; for comparison purposes the percentage of the budget that goes to the department for communitities and local government plus that that goes to the department of business , innovation , and skills is around 6 % of the budget , and only a fraction of that goes to regional development within the uk . 
  it would n't be an unrealistic estimate to conclude that the uk spends roughly a third of what it spends on its own regional development on european regional development . 
  furthermore there are many net contributors to the eu , not just the uk , and the eu also raises funds from tariffs and vat . 
  a large amount of the eu budget is put towards regional development , over a third , which means a total of around 48bn euros per year . 
  as an example the czech republic recieved over 4.4 bn euros from the eu in 2014 which amount to 2.5 % of its gdp ( i could n't find figures for czech government spending but one would assume that makes the eu contribution well over 5 % of its budget ) . 
  in 2014 the eu spent 668m euros in estonia , which amounts to 8.3 % of estonias budget that year . 
  while more needs to be done you ca n't say that is insignificant . 
  those were n't one uninterrupted series of events though , it was a period of decline and stagnation over several decades that was punctuated by periods of growth . 
  i do n't really see how it could be argued as reverting to developing country status . 
  the 50s and particularly the 60s are generally regarded as an economic boom , it is only really the 70s where we struggled iirc . 
  not as much as ireland apparently . 
  what would make gni ( ppp ) more representative than gdp ( ppp ) , it was my understanding that gni included things such as foreign investments that i would assume would skew it towards the rich ? 
  she ca n't stay for ever . 
   people were even speculating the uk might return to the status of a developing country before its impressive growth period starting from the early 1980s , today the uk is one of the wealthiest countries in europe . 
  were they ? 
  i have n't heard that before . 
   is n't very wealthy , they 're 35k gdp ppp that is n't very wealthy ? 
  the uk is ~ 39k iirc and so is france . 
  does the man want to break up the eu ? 
  there is one reason and one reason only that the telegraph is reporting this story ; it is not going to play well with middle england at all . 
  i mean this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regional_policy_of_the_european_union  you 're pretty dumb . 
  play nice . 
  i have a feeling you would n't be so salty if i had a different flair . 
  i kind of feel like you missed my point . 
  i 'm not saying we would use nuclear weapons against a nuclear armed state i am saying that possessing nuclear weapons prevents us from being coerced by a nuclear armed state . 
   are you then going to use a nuclear weapon ? 
  no as i said imagine that we wished to use convential forces to defend a non-nuclear ally from a nuclear enemy . 
   the problem with this logic is that russia knows that the uk would never risk nuclear war ... because they probably know the leadership is not crazy . 
  in limited conflicts as long as there are clear and believable limits to the conflict then i think it is possible . 
  as an example russia 's use of plausible deniabillity and clear limits of its aims allowed it to use conventional ( if asymmetric ) warfare against ukraine despite treaty obligations that should have afforded ukraine nuclear protection from the uk and us . 
  if it is true that conventional war would be impossible between nuclear armed states as you imply then it is still beneficial for the uk to be a nuclear state as the mere placement of british troops in eastern europe would prevent a russian attack , which as can be seen by ukraine would not be the case for a non-nuclear state . 
   yes it would . 
  not having nuclear weapons does n't change that , russia is not going to risk nuclear war because every country in the world knows that allowing a nuclear attack to go unpunished would irreparably change the world for the worse . 
  no country in the world is willing to do that . 
  russia could threaten use of nuclear weapons against the uk in the case of british intervention , if the u.s and france wished to avoid conflict with russia they would likely exert pressure on the uk not to intervene . 
  if the uk were to intervene despite this pressure they could quickly find the u.s and france distancing themselves from the uks actions . 
  also even if it is established that so long as there are friendly nuclear weapons then friendly non-nuclear states can not be coerced by unfriendly nuclear states then that still means nuclear weapons are neccessary . 
  if nuclear weapons are neccessary i do n't think any state should be looking to offload their responsibillity onto friendly states . 
   you ca n't really believe that they 'd use them . 
  the chance that they could would be enough to cause instabillity and apply pressure on the uk . 
  furthermore i do believe that there are conceivable circumstances in which a nuclear state would use nuclear weapons against a non-nuclear state . 
   mad still exists . 
  so long as friendly nuclear weapons exist yes . 
  as long as the eu continues and increases it 's wealth transfer programs then the gap should certainly close . 
  holy shit how did that happen ? 
   if you would watch that video you would know why their will never be a nuclear war . 
  between two nuclear armed states . 
  i would say that is what makes nuclear weapons highly desirable . 
  suppose we did n't have nuclear weapons and russia pushed through ukraine into an eu state . 
  suppose that neither the u.s nor france wanted to risk war with russia but that the u.k wished to intervene millitarily to push russia out . 
  without a nuclear deterrant we would be completely unable to do so , russia would just threaten use of nuclear weapons against us . 
   is n't sinking but if anything is rising . 
  that is n't at all the case , he has n't sunk but he 's barely able to tread water and remains unelectable to large swathes of the population . 
  he has really taken pressure off of the tories and allowed them to indulge in some of their more right wing fantasies like privatisation of the nhs . 
  yes , it is only really made possible by ( relatively ) modern communication technologies . 
  feudal systems were not nationalistic in the way we would understand it today . 
  obviously it 's a fairly complex topic but just to provide some kind of context : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism#history, 
  i genuinely think that the uks lack of involvement in the eu causes many of the eus problems . 
  i think if the uk played a proactive role it could act as a balance to germany , it would spread the risk a little bit and provide an effective ` opposition ' that could prevent people who feel hopeless in the face of german orthodoxy from becoming alienated as they would have an outlet . 
  in many areas the british agenda would align well with eastern european states that seem to feel underrepresented generally . 
  it would also lend diplomatic and millitary credibillity to the eu . 
  i also think it is important that the european establishment take a step back from their current headlong rush towards further integration and look at the bigger picture . 
  i am a federalist but clearly the time is not now , there needs to be a regrouping and a consolidation of progress already made . 
  finally i think there needs to be a stronger emotional argument for europe , a european identity , and the shared culture we all have .
