  presumably they are not facist or racist ? 
  to be fair these require distinctly more thought . 
  even the germans that do politics are scientists ... 
  i do not see how this is arrogance ... 
  why does he have to pick one ? 
  its like saying can you please tell me what genocide by moscow and if there was one was it in ukraine exclusively . 
  while ukraine is probably different i would say that the austrians welcomed the naziss in with open arms in ww2 and so did some czechs, 
  i have literally no idea whether this makes any difference at all , but i would be curious to know whether you come from the west or east of ukraine as divided by the above picture . 
  i 'm curious as to why you would not prefer this outcome ? 
  also how did the modern part of ukraine end up with ` russian ' people and land to begin with ? 
  i do n't know specifically about germany but the uk is very like he claims . 
  we have around 20 national newspapers that are privately owned ; by about 4 groups . 
  all of these newspapers have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo and you will not see much radical opinion in any of them , the possibillity of an alternative to the labour/conservative/liberal democrat system is completely alien to the national consciousness for precisely this reason . 
  not to mention the huge power and influence of the bbc which is heavily biased towards the government of the uk ( slightly more to labour than conservatives but biased towards the main parties and the ` normal ' way of doing things in general ) . 
  on their other accounts there is both a fee and interest though . 
  i think he was refering to the people rather than the infrastructure ... 
  how are you meant to swing your sword ? 
  no no no . 
  have n't you realised yet ? 
  america will come back to us !, 
  presumably they are healthier if they are younger , at least in reproductive terms . 
  i 'm in :-), 
  that was a good song , and in the context of the song he is not advocating rape , the idea that even the most blind fan would be inspired to rape because of this song is stupid . 
  its just a good track to listen to in the gym . 
  which song did he say that in ? 
  i 've listened to a lot of his music and have n't heard that line . 
  the special relationship is first and foremost an intelligence based relationship , its not going anywhere . 
  even if he is trying to administer an old face slapping why should we give a fuck ? 
  interesting , i will be sure to it in mind !, 
  i was told this by my friend who is from the republic . 
  no it was called the british isles before any of the current countries even existed , it is a geographical rather than political term . 
  in the same way that great britain simply refers to the largest of the british isles . 
  really the nationality of the inhabitants of the uk should not be called british as all inhabitants of the british isles are britons . 
  i 'm pretty sure londonderry is the county and derry is the city . 
  oh wow , pat on the back to me then . 
  i 'm not sure it was supposed to ... just what i thought it looked like . 
  by flowerish thing i think you mean placenta ? 
  ah yes i meant west not east , thanks , 
  why does norway have territorial ( or eez ) waters to the north/north east of the uk ? 
  which means the average wine drinker drinks more than that , given that the average citizen includes children , tee totalers and people who do n't like wine . 
  i was kind of amazed how low you guys are actually , you do n't even drink twice the wine we do , france is falling apart man, 
  that must have been on offer ? 
  usually when i buy beer you can get around 12 bottles for # 10 i reckon , which i do n't think is very cheap . 
  also i was watching ` fake britain ' the other day ( god knows why ) and they featured a bargain booze franchise that was selling fake vodka made of methanol , so not sure i 'm going to buy any more booze from them, 
  really ? 
  our beer is fucking expensive, 
  thank you that makes sense , 
  anybody want to eli5 post-glacial uplift ? 
  ah yes i was n't defending this particular case of government favouritism , which does seem to be run of the mill corruption from my limited knowledge . 
  i 'm not sure i would characterise that as corrupt so much as mismanaged but yes that is true , unfortunately that is the way a lot of big business operates in most countries in the world , including the uk and i 'm sure the u.s too . 
  not necessarily , they could believe that bringing in that particular investment is enough of a benefit to the country to outweigh the cost of changing the law . 
   if you throw two dice a big number of times the average is 6 , but in any cast it will be from 2 to 12 . 
  i mean ... it 's actually 7, 
  yes and it is now too , it is now even more of an export world champion and that means that leaving the euro would damage germany , it would of course still be fine and a major exporter but it would be less fine and less of an exporter . 
  also the fact that germany exports manufactured , usually capital , goods instead of luxury goods does not somehow make germany better . 
   germany is usually selling quality over quantity that 's why i picked the u.s to compare germany to , frankly there are plenty of western countries that can match the quality of germany . 
  particularly if the rest of europe were devalued and the dm increased in value . 
  increasing the value of their currency whatever it ends up being called will damage their economy , of course they will be fine , but certainly worse off . 
  so what do you sell ? 
  manufactured goods that could be bought just as cheaply from the u.s if not for the weak euro ? 
  you do ? 
  you realise that would be a huge blow to your trade balance ? 
  as long as tax revenue increased more than spending that is still austerity . 
  its pretty fundamental in a modern democracy that ethnic minorities are protected from the mob rule of absolute majorities . 
  also , it is one of the strategically positioned military bases in the world , we would be stupid to give it up . 
  no what replaced it was that international borders would remain as they existed , as determined by the history of warfare up to that point . 
  i 'm not saying england and the uk should be synonymous , obviously they should not , i 'm saying that i think the general public in other countries largely does n't know the difference, 
  this was asked of the general public , it 's both . 
  perhaps your google profile suggests that you have an addictive personality or bad impulse control ? 
  from an outsiders perspective it seems like italy 's internal divisions are what really prevents it asserting itself on the world stage . 
  austerity reduced unemployment ? 
  where abouts do you live ? 
  there are lots in the south west , i thought it was more a rural thing in general . 
  last time they had a whole continent to themselves they could n't cross 20 miles of water ... 
  indiegogo seems to have gone down , anyone know what happened ? 
  that would be fine , that would happen if greece defaulted , i 'm pretty sure nobody wanted greece to default though did they ? 
  they are n't taxed in ireland ? 
  where the hell are they taxed then ? 
   run it further into the ground ( but some say that 's syriza 's plan all along , i do n't know ) . 
  just wondering what people think syriza or the people that run it would possibly get out of that ? 
  what jewish nation ? 
  european jews lived in european nations for hundreds of years , many muslims have only married other muslims for hundreds of years , the muslim nation was far more recent that the jewish nation until the creation of israel, 
  jewish people are only ethnically jewish because we decided that was convenient for our categorisation purposes , i see no difference between that and muslims . 
  i do n't know where you felt that i implied that but no of course i do n't think that , i just do n't think there is any practical difference between how muslims of multiple nationalities are treated now and treating all black people of multiple nationalities the same because they are black . 
  they are n't being killed , they were killed 6 months ago , since then there has been an avalanche of cartoons of muhammed and no further deaths . 
  he is n't a cartoonist , this is n't a cartoon , and frankly i do n't buy the mr wilders has draw this as anything other than an attempt to pull the spotlight back onto him at a time when anti-muslim sentiment is finally settling down again . 
  i 'm just curious , would you say that using jewish stereotypes against jews is n't racist ? 
  there is a major problem with how we define religion in the west in my opinion ; because of our christian past we see it as something that is entered into and left at will , whereas for most people in the world it is the culture they have been born into , and even if they no longer believe in it 's scriptures they ca n't leave without cutting off ties to their family and community . 
  my girlfriend is hindu and frequently gets abuse shouted at her for being `` muslim '', 
  we should , i just wish it would n't make the news . 
  seriously what the fuck is the point of all this , we normally like to pride ourselves on being rational human beings . 
  they are n't even cartoons , there is n't even a pretence of satire , it 's just some arsehole trying to make the news . 
  well i think if a british person falls in love and marries someone who is n't british then being able to bring that person to live in their home country , where they grew up , where they might have family , should be pretty high up on the priorities of who should be allowed to cross the imaginary line . 
  sorry that 's just not true anymore , i 'm in favour of high immigration but the conservatives have tightened non-eu immigration to insanely small levels to the point spouses are struggling to get in, 
  i have been wondering about that , is that actually the reason there are all those immigrants at calais trying desperately to get onto the lorries ? 
  surely it would be easier to just learn french , france is n't that bad !, 
  no , but those in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  that from someone with a canadian flair ? 
  really ? 
  and in fact the world , and a major step towards the abolition of protectionism worldwide .
