cos americans are so stupid !, 
  i mean that 's obviously why their country is the only world superpower and most of the last 80 years of innovation has come from the u.s !, 
  who me ?? 
  far from it . 
  i was n't saying that nato are glorified crooks they certainly are n't in my mind , i am just saying that it is n't morality that has kept them from running a proxy war in ukraine . 
  to be honest i suspect they have begun to since russian troops crossed the border and we 'll begin to see evidence of it soon . 
  i highly suspect there are special forces from the u.s and u.k on the ground in ukraine . 
  seemingly they care about britains military prestige , or at least many of the people from that background that i know do but perhaps they are n't representative . 
  plus the uk is always game for fighting russia , especially when they have invaded crimea . 
  yeh this would gather a lot of support over here in britain , especially in the white british working class where he needs it most, 
  to be honest i do n't think that is the reason . 
  to be fair to germany just think back to the last two times they did use it . 
  was n't me i 've only just seen the reply : - s, 
  do n't worry about it , personally i think the eu ( or at least the concept of a european union with britain part of it ) is great and i really hate how eurosceptic my countrymen are , but yeh i do n't get to here much about the eu apart from made up daily mail bullshit unless i look for it . 
  although you said earlier that it is 10 years old so that might have something to do with it too ( i would have been 11 ) . 
  in terms of internet service provision such as emails and cloud storage no i agree , i just meant that china is not a great alternative to be left with . 
  not if the competition is based on trustworthiness, 
  what 's the safe harbour agreement ? 
  i do n't really understand how email protocol works but would n't an email get stored by some kind of service provider as it is traveling through the web so to speak ? 
  i mean even if the recipient also had their own server surely my isp or some intermediary would record it ? 
  are n't all email services stored in the cloud ? 
  how the hell did the russian troops even get there ? 
  i think bernie actually got fined $ 100m as opposed to in euros because the court wanted to announce a 3 digit number rather than a 2 digit one . 
  whiles i sympathise with that if you are raised in england it is pretty much impossible to learn a second language , i studies german and french as soon as i was able to in school and continued until i got to college . 
  at college i had to specialise into 4 subjects so to choose a language would have really limited me unless i wanted to study a language a university . 
  i have n't been able to travel to europe much and when i have everyone just talks to me in english . 
  long story short i have n't spoken a word of either language for years and it would take so much effort to on my part that frankly i need to spend my time on more useful things , while i could perhaps have held a basic conversation in german at the end of secondary school i would struggle to ask for directions now . 
  also which language would i learn ? 
  french ? 
  german ? 
  spanish ? 
  the benefits of learning any of those languages is not that high in a european context , if i learn spanish then i will be able to talk to more people in spain and possibly portugal , i will still have more success talking to french , german , and other europeans in english and the same applies if i were to learn french or german . 
  in the uk it is pretty much unfeasible to learn a language fluently unless you travel to that country yearly or more regularly , or you are specifically interested in linguistics . 
  even if you are really interested in linguistics , you go through the education system all the way up to getting a degree in your chosen language , there will still be loads of bilingual children who can speak just as good english as you and are better in that foreign language and many many of the people from that country will be fluent in english , so if you intend on being a translator you will still not be as good as your competition . 
  also i imagine that even if a frenchman could speak perfect english he would swear up and down that he could n't . 
  my irish friend says there are still some on islands in the west , but that 's really all i have to go on . 
   and they will be lucky if they still exist as a country soon what do you see happening to them ? 
  your re-action seems a bit petty for the greatest western civilisation in the world and a state much larger , more influential , richer and more powerful than they are . 
  the problem is that many people do n't get to a-level or do n't take history at a-level if they do . 
  the reason why i think it should have more emphasis is because it seems to still define a lot of our international relationships , also the world wars are ridiculously over taught in my opinion . 
  i feel like history up to leaving age should be mostly british history . 
  haha thanks , its ok though part of me is afraid he 's right ( well apart from the ugly bit i mean come on ) . 
  ah yes actually we did learn about slavery i remember that now . 
  i did n't do modern history a-level just a history as about revolution , which tangentially touched on the empire in the american revolution but not much . 
  unfortunately much of the country do n't make it to a-level and most of the ones who do do n't take history . 
  still i 'm glad its on the syllabus somewhere . 
  why wo n't they i was under the impression that they had wanted to join the eu ? 
  ouch . 
  but we like you denmark \u2639 . 
  we are n't \u2639 ? 
  we promise we 're working towards it . 
  i think you 're right about us not being aware , it is not in our educational curriculum at all which is i think disgraceful , in fact i do n't remember ever being taught anything about the british empire in history lessons . 
  i only have any knowledge of the irish war for independence after an extensive wikipedia session . 
  its ok , we love you too . 
  my holiday to malta is still my favourite ever valetta and medina are beautiful . 
  i definitely agree that the fyrom official line is obviously insane . 
  my question to you is what do you feel should be done about it ? 
  i 'm british so i 'll be the first to admit that i know very little about the situation , but to me it just seems better to let them call themselves macedonia , integrate them into the eu , and then after a few years in the eu with free movement of goods and people it will be pretty difficult for the administration to keep up with this bullshit and they 'll have to do some form of back track . 
  this may be nosey , but how do you have proof ? 
  do n't worry we all do . 
  they certainly allow left wingers to take power , even if it does n't mean this will be the result . 
  any chance of a progressive executive would be better than none . 
  damn google translate is good these days !, 
  avaaz is great , i sign a lot of their petitions . 
  when did they run their net neutrality campaign ? 
  i think i must have missed it . 
  any chance it in ongoing ? 
  if not we should start another one on this sub !, 
  i read that , i hear spetsnaz . 
  the islands of britain and ireland plus the surrounding islands are still the british isles , this has nothing to do with citizens of the uk ` owning ' anything . 
  i am sorry to offend , i did indeed mean the ethnic germans of the sudeten land , does them living in czechoslovakia not make them czech nationals even if they were ethnically german ? 
  i was only meaning to draw parallels with the possibility of ethnically russian ukrainian nationals . 
  yes both the centre left and centre right do , while the bbc is clearly not the mouthpeice of any of the big 3 it does support these governments in general and the current system of government above others . 
  in other words , the bbc does n't care much whether labour , the conservatives or the liberal democrats win , as long as one of those three win . 
  i would agree that more freedom makes a better country , and i would also agree that the uk is more free than russia . 
  however i do not think the difference is as large as we assume ( as we are influenced by our patriotic media , british sense of superiority and lingering mistrust of russia ) . 
  but yes you can definitely do that and true you will not disapear which is very good . 
  edit : my point was that being better than russia does n't mean that the situation we have is good . 
  true but then they were germans in the same way that op claims that eastern ukrainians are actually russians . 
  i 'm not sure if it was irony but yes i was just joking about german stereotypes ( that you guys are all scientists and engineers ) . 
  i knew what you meant though , no disrespect intended, 
  ah i understand thank you for the clarification , 
  i was not saying that the uk is as bad as russia , just that he is right that :  every damn thing you see/read/hear is affected by what government wants you to think . 
  in russia . 
  in ukraine . 
  in united states . 
  in germany . 
  everywhere . 
  at least in my experience of what its like to live in the uk , the bbc and news international/bskyb essentially indoctrinate the population of the uk . 
  although granted journalists do not die . 
  yes the specific example you cited was precisely why i said that you would not see much radical opinion . 
  good on the guardian for doing its job , but the guardian is very cautious about being overly radical in order to protect itself . 
  on top of this it is one small voice in the sea of noise of the uk media , and is hammered economically by the more powerful media groups . 
  also the response to this largest leak was that police entered the guardian hq and seized journalist 's hard-drives ; hardly freedom of speech . 
  i have not heard of the murder of the journalist for reporting the size of a politicians house , that would seem stupid even for an immoral organisation . 
  could you provide me a link or some information to learn more ? 
  furthermore i have read articles on rt , which although obviously biased towards the russian world view have been critical of putin and his government . 
  edit : formatting and spelling , i have brought shame to my country :(, 
  thank you that was an interesting post i do n't know how i missed . 
  you talk about the ` far-right ' parties , but sound positive about their acceptance .
