  thanks , 
  i can see why you used it , it makes sense in that context , unfortunately a lot of crazy people have used it to defend their crazy ideas so when you use it people might think you 're crazy too . 
  if i were to re-write what you wrote to have less crazy in it i would probably talk about the things he said rather than the people he was talking to . 
  i would probably say `` nah it wo n't happen , it 's just rhetoric . '', 
  that would get across the same thing you were trying to get across . 
  your english is incredibly good though , i would have assumed you were a native speaker if not for your flair , and that is probably why / u/cblackout judged what you had written as if you were aware of the tone of the word . 
  hope that was helpful and not just a confusing wall of rambling :p . and for what it 's worth there are plenty of europeans who wish their governments would not punish the greeks so much , frankly i wish the eu would help syrzia rebuild greece . 
  i mean sheeple has connotations of loony conspiracy theorists , i do n't think / u/cblackout had any issue with you criticising your government . 
  danke f\u00fcr die sch\u00f6ne foto ( would you believe i got the top grade for my gcse ( exam we take at 16 ) german exam ? 
  no i understand that you were n't being dismissive , sorry that i did n't reply to your original reply to me but frankly i got quite lost quite quickly when people started talking about continuous tenses . 
  i just remember that i found german tenses pretty confusing whereas english ( somewhat obviously ) seems logical to me . 
  any chance you have a table like that for german or dutch ? 
  no that 's exactly what i meant ... / u/piwikiwi is presumably a native dutch speaker and i was saying bear in mind that the way you see which language is easier is going to depend on your native language . 
  do n't feel so bad about your ` missed opportunity ' to learn german at gcse . 
  i lived languages at that age and i put so much effort in the 5 years i could study them for . 
  i got an a * in german and a b in french . 
  can i speak either of them 6 years later ? 
  can i fuck . 
  my level of french never got close to passable in those 5 years and while my german did reach the point that i could probably have holidayed in germany without speaking any english it has deteriorated to the point i could probably guess the meaning of a few signs , and i can ask for a beer . 
  the fact is the english foreign language education system is appallingly bad , it would not have helped you , there is no way for an english person to learn a foreign language to a decent level without spending considerable time in that country or able to speak to a native . 
  i tried desperately to maintain my german after i left school , but i did n't know any german speakers , could n't visit a german speaking country , and even my a * german was n't remotely good enough to read german children 's books , newspapers or websites . 
  you did n't miss out on anything . 
  like the taxi driver from rush hour ? 
  its funny you say that , i certainly found german tenses more difficult when i was learning it, 
  you know i think i prefer sleeping arrows , we should change to that, 
  i think these days we are worse than you guys , sad to say . 
  reggie yates is making a documentary series on extremism in russia and in the second episode they cover homosexuality , not sure how easy it is for you guys to watch bbc stuff but it is on iplayer . 
  when i got uni ( i 'm in the uk ) there were two guys in my halls , one looked white and was british but had an iraqi name and it turned out an iraqi grandfather , the other was from sweden and looked completely iraqi , we became friends and they got to talking about iraqi culture and turns out the are from the same tribe !, 
  had never met nor heard of each other before , both families left iraq for europe in different generations , looked as different as can be . 
  i wish my countrymen felt like this instead of being so obsessed with ' a strong and stable government ' . 
  i have no doubt that they have , but i suspect that they have also changed since the 1940s and even more so since the 1990s . 
  i was n't basing my belief in fond recollections of empire , more in facts and figures related to military spending and resources , in military technology , in geography , and in recent combat experience of our militaries . 
  perhaps you do n't but i think a lot of europe thinks you should , i think a lot of europe themselves do feel threatened and wonder why the leading european power is so reluctant to acknowledge their concerns , and i think that a lot of europe wonders why you are also reluctant to lead a response using soft power that europe can unite behind rather than doing what some would see as shirking international responsibility and leaving europe to rely on the us 's more confrontational approach . 
  what is ? 
  i certainly think that the combined forces of eu member countries could easily hold off russia . 
  the problem is that it allows russia to move into a more threatening position against us and shows that we might be vulnerable to threats of force . 
  to prevent a country attempting to change international borders through force on the very borders of europe ? 
  seems quite logical to me . 
  roller skates, 
  i thought you guys were having the vote ? 
  rts last poll put it at 96 % yes . 
   guernsey , juernsey and isle of man etc. 
  are of what they 're because of tax avoidance/evasion . 
  that is n't remotely true at all . 
  common agricultural policy, 
  i know loads of people who own guns , but then i come from somerset . 
  almost every weekend you can hear gunshots, 
   more divided view than the others do you not think that we percieve it that way because we are british ? 
  some of us are sorry :(, 
  this is such fucking bullshit , sure they voted in an islamist but he was n't doing that badly by the egyptian people , cant have islamists winning elections though so we better get their military to violently overthrow the worlds newest democracy and repress its people . 
  we should be ashamed of what we have done to egypt . 
  exeter is in the heart of the uks cider country , be sure to have some local cider ( if its fizzy you 're doing it wrong ) . 
  the firehouse is a good pub in exeter with a great selection of local ciders ( if a bit cramped ) . 
  if you 're after an ale and you see otter for sale then get yourself a pint my favourite ale . 
  that 's funny i was taught that the french essentially designed it that way because they did n't want it to be like our parliament . 
  the french lower house is stunning , it looks enormous too . 
  i looked at the bottom and it said 577 or something but it looks more like 1000 people sat in there . 
  i think the article ends on an over-optimistic note , but it is good news none the less, 
  is n't he dutch ? 
  help countries like the uk ? 
   self taught through an interest honestly that includes most people i know , and it is taught in schools ( although not to a very high standard ) . 
  but yes eu politics government is not widely known about even among people who are interested in politics . 
  it is at least superficially taught in citizenship , although probably not as well as it should be . 
  i know it just seems unnecessary , the way it is written makes it sound like they essentially knew the dog would be killed , so i 'm not sure what the point was . 
  but it 's of course probably more complicated than that and i 'm probably wrong . 
  i know this was a serious operation , but did they really need to send a poor dog in as a sacrifice ? 
  so sad \u2639, 
  yeah , stupid swedes !, 
  why grenades sweden ? 
   even russia did well despite that a bunch of their athletes were banned . 
  tbf they evened that out in the judging pretty well . 
  i do n't believe there is n't a contingency plan , the civil service will have prepared something . 
  saudi arabia has roughly 1/4 of the worlds proven oil reserves , most of which is close to the surface and cheap to extract . 
  current estimates are that we will have to leave 85 % of known reserves in the ground to meet global warming targets . 
  now i think there is a good chance we will mis global warming targets , but even if we only leave 75 % in the ground saudi arabia could provide all of that much more cheaply than anywhere else . 
  saudia arabias known oil reserves are greater than the predicted total remaining demand for oil , i would not bet on oil prices ever increasing beyond 60/70 $ . 
  if saudi arabia were to exhaust their oil reserves and there was still widespread demand for oil we have much bigger problems . 
  i sort of doubt that , while the uk offered the us advantages in the eu over and above that offered by ireland i do n't see how that would be true of an independent scotland . 
  scotland 's independence would just lead to the further weakening of the western world and an american ally . 
  furthermore i believe the u.s currently has nuclear weapons either stored or serviced in scotland and this would definitely not remain the case after scottish independence . 
  you should be able to yes, 
  wtf has that guy been smoking . 
  i 100 % expected to come into the comments and find this was satire . 
  is this really not satire ? 
  i 'm not sure i can accept this as something factual . 
  northern ireland join roi ? 
  wales seek independence ? 
  wtf are you on about . 
  do n't really follow italian politics but renzi seemed like one of the most sane and rational statesmen left in europe . 
  ok but why not upvote it ? 
  it 's amazing really that europe remained so disunited in recent centuries when you see the extent of the roman empire 2000 years ago . 
  that almost sounds like a threat . . ? 
  the only evidence for that narrative has been a comment by a redditor , there 's no evidence that that is true at all . 
  unfortunately i expect it wo n't last . 
  that vast majority of people voting to leave are not sharing the same viewpoint of britain first . 
  that might have something to do with it in my case as well , it is quite a conservative area . 
  i think most european states do do n't they ? 
  maybe not france . 
  england even has an established state religion . 
  am i missing something ( i could very well be i had to rely on google translate ) or do those articles suggest organised crime being behind the attacks rather than any kind of multi-culturalism .
