  seems such a shame that all of those pieces are lost . 
  then again , this is street art , so it 's lifespan is limited anyway . 
  my page : http://my.leukaemiafoundation.org.au/personalpage.aspx?registrationid=451484&amp;langpref=en-ca&amp;referrer=direct%2fnone, 
  my teams page : http://my.leukaemiafoundation.org.au/teampage.aspx?referrer=direct%2fnone&amp;teamid=71438, 
  if you make a donation and happen to be in the area on the day ( march 16th ) , i 'll let you cut off a dread personally !, 
  thanks mate !, 
  awesome work by the way . 
  this is my first year doing it . 
  in fact its the first time i 've had any form of haircut.for over 7 years . 
  that sounds awesome . 
  currently stopped just before moorabbin . 
  at least there 's some entertainment . 
  some crazy guy is threatening queue jumpers that they will `` cop one in the gob '' . 
  ah frankston line , you never fail to deliver ... oh wait . 
  both directions ... 
  yep . 
  still at the base of the ramp . 
  not sure , i ended up walking the 3km to work after moving about 10 meters in half an hour . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i look at the trains and see how they have had to clean nearly every surface because some borderline illiterate neanderthal decided to use the only bit of his writing ability to scribble something resembling words , and call it self expression . 
  i think the punishment for this should be to have their junk spray painted with the very paint they use to ` express themselves ' . 
  might make them think twice . 
  it is people that do shit like this that taint the excellent street art culture we have here in melbourne . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  sex , drugs and larrikinism . 
  sounds like a night out in this area back in the day would have been marvelously fun . 
  clearly a few peoples sarcasm detectors are playing up with this one ... 
  not so great when i was there on friday though . 
  that wind !, 
  from the website :, 
  major delays anticipated - please allow extra travel time or use alternative transport . 
  from the website : citybound buses have commenced operation from carrum . 
  we will have frankston-bound buses in operation shortly . 
  the affected train will be able to move shortly . 
  more to come . 
  trains have resumed citybound from carrum . 
  while i do see the talent that this guy has , my seething hatred i have for this song makes it hard for me to be objective . 
  i 've never liked the song ; it is so slow and methodical that when i listen to it my brain sort of starts to predict the next chord before it actually plays . 
  there is n't a single surprise in it . 
  thanks mate . 
  ill be sure to get there nice and early . 
  i found it very confusing the first time i found myself in karingal . 
  its already disorienting enough to be that close to frankston , and with the weird layout of that centre , i thought i had perhaps gotten a contact high from some junkie . 
  what i like most about this man is his skilful use of swearwords to emphasise message . 
  although littered with profanity , his points are still communicated clearly and eloquently . 
  i think we can all learn a lesson from this gentleman . 
  my office has a machine almost identical to this one , but the steam wand is different ( skinnier ) . 
  the thing is probably about 20 years old . 
  do you have any tips on getting good art ? 
  usually , we end up with something blobby and random , and have to make up an interpretation of what we created . 
  thanks !, 
  i saw your links just after posting my comment . 
  its a machine with so many little quirks , your site is invaluable to those of us that have had to teach ourselves . 
  thank you for this awesome resource !, 
  its that last paragraph that let me know it was fake . 
  all circlejerking aside , i ca n't be the only one who is horrified of spiders but has a strange interest in them . 
  get your hands off my spider facts . 
  since updating to 8.1 i 've noticed a very annoying behavior , and i 'm wondering if its just how i 'm using it , or if anyone else has noticed this . 
  i will quite often want to listen to a specific song and then just have things go into random shuffle node after that . 
  what i would do is select the song from the ` songs ' section , and in the previous version it would shuffle my whole collection . 
  now what it does ( if i select the song 1,000,000 by nine inch nails for example ) is only shuffle the first 50 songs from my collection alphabetically , so it ends up playing all of my number songs and ` a ' songs , and a handful of ` b ' songs . 
  if i want a proper shuffle , i have to select the shuffle button , interrupting the current song . 
  also , is it just me or is the ` add to now playing ' feature completely broken ? 
  it seems to do absolutely nothing now . 
  first world problems to be sure , but annoying nonetheless . 
  tl ; dr : functionality related to shuffle is broken in a number of ways . 
  by hitting shuffle , i meant the new button on the next screen if you swipe across to the right from the now playing screen . 
  previously , it reshuffled everything from my whole collection when i selected a song if i was already in shuffle mode . 
  now , it only shuffles from the 100 or so songs from around that song i selected . 
  i was also terrified of that scene as a kid . 
  the funny thing is , i had completely forgotten about it , and when i re-watched the film recently and that scene came on , it all came flooding bad and i got a real twinge of fear for a few seconds . 
  such a weird experience that i 've never had with any other film . 
  still , a + + + film would be traumatized again . 
  and yet it still has more personality and soul than it does now . 
  it always feels like a ghost town when i 've been there . 
  i think the problem is how open it is . 
  the cbd is great due to how dense and intimate it feels , whereas all of the open spaces in docklands feel almost alienating , as though people do n't belong there . 
  a microsoft employee purporting to be the guy who made that animation said that its practically an inside joke at this point . 
  i do find it mildly infuriating though whenever i have to wait for an update to install . 
  if i ever saw john so i i reckon ill get an uncontrollable urge to grab him in a headlock and give him a noogie . 
  i can just imagine him giggling and saying ` stop it ' with a bit grin on his face . 
  he 's just so adorable . 
  i think i need to go and re assess a few thing about myself . 
  not really . 
  its been half an hour now and my train has gone as far as carrum from kananook . 
  reminds me of how steve wozniak carried a fake workplace id with the title `` laser safety officer '' , with a picture of him wearing an eye patch . 
  awesome . 
  i like moneys . 
  sounds like a plan . 
  you 're a monster !, 
  while it does sound slightly awkward how you have it , i believe it is grammatically correct . 
  i think if you wrote `` hash browns with ketchup are '' it would flow more nicely . 
  i think this subreddit is becoming a parody of itself . 
  it 's ... beautiful . 
  are donut holes really a thing ? 
  for some reason this reminds me of the seinfeld episode where they sell the muffin tops . 
  are there bags and bags of donuts just sitting in an alley out the back ? 
  was there a requirement to have a humanoid form ? 
  because it seems like something that ran on tank treads or wheels with a number of different arms would be far more efficient . 
  i suppose something like that would n't be able to do the ride in the jeep part , but if the robot can drive a decent distance , why would that be a requirement ?
