  i suspect that nobody read all of your post ... 
  look 's quite neat . 
  first thing i noticed though was lack of syntax highlighting for python . 
  it definitely feels more like a proper `` cloud dev '' app though with the hosting etc. 
  nice strawman you got there . 
  i think what these people ( protesting against apple ) should do is start backing things like android instead of just being anti-apple . 
  nobody is listening to guys like this , simply because they come off as weird , and clearly the masses do not give a shit about this stuff in the first place . 
  no amount of sandwich-boarding is going to change that . 
  however , helping android in some fashion will not only be fighting apple on their own battlefield , but they will have the might of google and such behind them to boot . 
  i think part of it is that we all feel a bit jaded . 
  just a big iphone , without the phone etc. 
  when you compare it to what we had in terms of handheld devices 10 or even just 5 years ago , this really is quite a piece of technology . 
  also , there could be less ` wow ' factor because as i have heard many who have used it says it sort of ` gets out of the way ' of what you are doing . 
  is censorship really an issue though ? 
  the apple review process is rather poor , however i do n't believe the censorship issue is a big deal , or really an issue at all . 
  many posters on here seem to think that apple and the iphone are killing open source somehow , yet there is nothing stopping you from releasing a gpl 'd app at all . 
  however , i 'm not free to port tux racer to the xbox though , am i ? 
  why is the app store ( which has a far , far lower barrier to entry than any mainstream console ) suddenly so evil ? 
  all of this melodrama . 
  the mac or pc desktop/laptop is n't going anywhere . 
  the ipad is something to fill in the gap between your main computer and your phone , not a replacement for these things . 
  where abouts in australia are you from ? 
  i 'm from a town in victoria called dandneong , and we have just about every religion ( we have the highest rate of non australian born residents in the country i believe ) and it seems almost as if everyone is more aggressively promoting their beliefs , like they feel they need to fight , rather than just mellow out and live life . 
  get some hobo gloves : gloves with the finger-tips cut off . 
  i had to use them for a while when my heater was broken in the middle of winter . 
  they work wonders . 
  it 's just a matter of robbing the right hobo . 
  australian reporting in . 
  beer in the shower is awesome , although saunas are n't all that popular here so i 've never tried saunabeer . 
  wow . 
  the figure of 300,000 gallons per year seems crazy to me , coming from australia . 
  we have water restrictions here due to this drought that seems to have been going on for decades . 
  the water usage target is 155 litres ( 41 gallons ) a day , which works out to be 56,000 litres or about 15,000 gallons a year . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  they must use their sprinklers 24/7 or something . 
  i think the logical solution would be to not have a lawn . 
  zen garden anyone ? 
  this was n't the family from wifeswap was it ? 
  you know the one with the `` i 'm a gaad warriaarr '' crazy wife who went hysterical at the end of the show ? 
  because thats how i pictured your situation . 
  the more i look at it , the more it looks like the eye of ra . 
  the hangover ? 
  i was bored and liked this story , so i decided to read it aloud : http://www.supload.com/listen?s=82iomr, 
  such a good song . 
  sounds like a pretty accurate description of many frankston residents i 've seen . 
  i recall reading that randi has requested that , upon his death , he be mummified and sealed in a pyramid with uri geller . 
  do n't even joke about that around here ... 
  i 'm crying tears of rainbows and gumdrops . 
  way too cute . 
  this video could be dangerous if put in the wrong hands, 
  it would probably be my grade one teacher attempting to get me diagnosed with epilepsy . 
  she approached my parents claiming that she thought i had some symptoms , and referred us to see a specialist . 
  after going to this specialist , who believed i did indeed have epilepsy ( not the type where you have fits , but the less severe kind where you have a blank minute or two ) . 
  i was promptly put on tegretol , which basically turned me into a pint sized zombie . 
  my mum tells me her heart broke when one morning i came out of bed and i looked like a little old man , with no personality . 
  she went to get a second opinion and lo and behold , the first specialist was full of shit . 
  i was eventually weened off the medication and things went back to normal . 
  i thank the fsm that my mum did n't just cop it and go with the first doctors opinion , as i would never have been able to do many things like get a drivers license . 
  to this day i ca n't figure out what the whole thing was about . 
  pretty cool , but they have the compression turned up way too high . 
  but i guess that 's the style for this sort of music . 
  this is what happens when you fuck our school teachers . 
  be warned . 
  one comment and the link is already dead . 
  perhaps he should have been using this for his blog . 
  this sounds like an interesting idea but i 'm really not sure about the time . 
  at 8am you are limiting the time people can spend if they need to get to work . 
  not sure what time would work better . 
  perhaps a wednesday or tuesday arvo . 
  that way folk are less likely to be going out etc. 
  i did n't read the article but i can only hope that they shot each other in the testicles , so that they can no longer reproduce . 
  i 'll take that as a compliment considering this is a self portrait . 
  i set the camera up on a tripod and set a short delay , so that i could walk out in front of the camera . 
  the exposure time was 30s at f16 . 
  there was a bit of delay from when the exposure started to the time i got into position , hence the slight transparency . 
  virgin mobile has top ups that last for a year . 
  i think it 's any recharge over $ 50 . 
  some plans , usually called ` caps ' give you the tradeoff of a greater value for the credit you buy for a shorter expiry period and slightly higher rates for certain things . 
  keep in mind that your phone , if it was purchased as a pre-paid , rather than outright may be locked on to a particular network . 
  this means you have to keep using the same providers sim card , unless you get the phone unlocked . 
  what network are you currently with ? 
  you may just be able to buy a different kind of recharge or go on a different rate plan to get what you want . 
  [ edit : punctuation ], 
  yeah , joining a company that most of the people you call are with has always been the best deal . 
  i 'd reccomend you go to a shop like allphones or dick smith that sells all providers and just compare the rates for each provider side by side . 
  whoops , i forgot that i added the miles per hour title . 
  i was going to submit this elsewhere . 
  i guess now if some american stumbles in here they wont be completely befuddled . 
  they must have a thing for cemeteries . 
  i spotted one at the springvale cemetery a few weeks ago . 
  this reminded me of the [ helicopter guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=appdlbyz4zi ) , connecting dots that should not be connected . 
  if you are referring to the astor in st kilda then i have to agree with you . 
  there is no more appropriate a venue for that movie . 
  i have a weird body clock which is semi-nocturnal at times and also i 'm from australia , which does n't help things reddit-wise . 
  i would love to be a mod . 
  slightly . 
  however , at the time of the original message it was about 8am california time so still to early for the mainstream reddit crowd . 
  as an amateur photographer i hate it when people say `` your camera takes such nice photos ! '' . 
  i usually follow by saying something like `` your mouth says some really nice things '' . 
  you would n't tell a painter that their brush paints really nice artwork just because they spent a bit more to get some nice brushes would you ?
