  honestly , for me it is drink like a pirate day . 
  i 'm lucky enough to have a bunch of friends that observe this most awesome holiday . 
  i re watched this movie recently , and i felt the same twinge of fear when the witch turned everyone into pigs i felt as a child . 
  it was weird . 
  if someone would be so kind , i will give 5 invites back . 
  i will also send a 10 second clip of me singing `` come fly with me '' by frank sinatra to the person who invites me . 
  honestly , with the amount of work that has already gone into rebranding this company , i would have thought that someone would have checked in with the legal guys . 
  however , the marketing guys seem to have a lot of power in woolworths , so i should n't be that surprised . 
  edit : clarification, 
  oh i agree , it does n't look similar . 
  however , do a quick search and you will find numerous cases of apple flinging it 's lawyers at companies whose logo looks even less similar than the one in this case . 
  we 're talking about copyright law here , not reality . 
  i think if you want to reduce the eye-gouginess you need to get some less obnoxious ads . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  i 'm studying software engineering , not computer science . 
  some things i realise you just need to study for . 
  computer science is on that list . 
  this is the first i have heard of these laws that could require banks to scan computers before allowing access to net banking . 
  i honestly could n't think of anything more stupid . 
  most people are behind a router , which usually have a firewall , but the primary source of infection , afaict is people clicking on links in dodgy emails or sites . 
  firewalls do not protect against this stuff anyway , and your router can still do an effective job of looking secure against a port scan . 
  we have advertising campaigns spreading awareness of how dangerous pools can be , how it 's bad to drink and drive etc. 
  why not do some psas on tv about how stupid it is to click these links etc. 
  the best way to stop worms/viruses/scammers is to educate the user . 
  if the message comes from the tv , people are more likely to take notice . 
  it said popular websites , so what is pownce doing on there ? 
  not sure why , but this video reminded me of something from the nin year zero arg . 
   * maybe it 's aliens . . *, 
   * maybe it 's god . . *, 
   * or maybe it 's ... starlings *, 
  whoops . 
  i really should pay more attention . 
  that word is taboo !, 
  ( worth watching until the end ), 
  the reason for the cropping was notthat i was hiding something , but as you can understand it was tricky to frame a bee in flight . 
  i guess the crop was to try and eliminate the visual noise outside of the frame you see , but also try and accentuate movement , although i 'm not sure it worked all that well . 
  anyway , thanks for your critique , it 's very helpful . 
  hehe . 
  in all honesty this was a bit of a fluke shot . 
  i went outside and noticed a while heap of bees around this particular plant , so i grabbed the camera and started shooting . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by that . 
  thanks for your comment nonetheless . 
  melbourne , australia ? 
  specifically , the suburb of dandenong . 
  i think stories like this raise a very delicate issue . 
  on the one hand , this woman should have seen that this situation was fishy from the start and not let him in , but on the other hand , should we be promoting broad spectrum paranoia of men amongst women ? 
  i 'm not really sure what the answer is here . 
  oh yes , thats right . 
  how * foolish * of me ... 
  i love the cinematography in brasil , especially the use of wide angles in some scenes . 
  brilliant image . 
  i know from personal experience how tricky insects can be to capture in a photograph . 
  question : what advantage does bolting on objective-c style class syntax have over integrating a more native-feeling class syntax ? 
  i hate to be a pedantic prick * , but would n't it be django + orbited + twisted = real world , real time web apps ? 
  * actually , i quite enjoy it ... 
  thats cool . 
  how exactly did you do it ? 
  i 'm guessing you used a long exposure and possibly an off camera flash , but i 'm not sure . 
  slightly off topic , but i wanted to share a theory about avatar to see if anyone else felt the same way i did . 
  perhaps i 'm over-thinking the story a bit , but i got the feeling that the na ` vi were actually an extremely advanced race ( or a group thereof ) that created pandora and colonised it in a sort of `` retirement planet '' style , living a simpler but more fulfilling life . 
  either that or i have read way too much peter f. hamilton and i 'm imprinting themes that he uses upon this movie . 
  somehow i think this is a troll , or more likely a viral ad campaign for pure energy drinks . 
  if you made it to the credits , you read `` thanks uncle bill from crown management for letting me use the fireballs '' or words to that effect . 
  also , what company in their right mind would give money to this guy ? 
  edit : clarification, 
  is there some reason why a particular business model deserves to exist ? 
  this guys site was only successful when it was paid for by ads on his site , but since charging for it his customers do n't seem to think it 's worthwhile . 
  i know tht totlol was his baby and luvelyhood , but when your business model fails due to outside forces , you suck it up and change that model , or take your site and go home , so to speak . 
  sorry , feeling a bit anarcho-capitalist today for some reason . 
  sounds a bit like melbourne , australia . 
  the last week or so we have had temperatures from 38c ( 100f ) to 15c ( 59f ) during the day . 
  we are famed for having the four seasons in one day . 
  for some undefinable reason that it completely adorable . 
  simple arithmetic seems to be totally gone these days . 
  i work in retail , and if i mention that i can take 10 % off a price , the number of blank stares i get followed by the question `` so how much is that ? '', 
  approaches 50 % . 
  i have all but given up and just do any price modifications and tell the customer the final figure . 
  i think that the worst case was when a customer wanted to order an item , and i told her that she could , but would have to pay 10 % upfront as a deposit . 
  again , i got the blank stare , and then i could hear one of the cogs of her thought process slowly grinding up to speed and she asked : `` oh , is that like 7 tenths ? 
  due to day off and lack of ac at home , i 'm taking refuge at a shopping centre . 
  thankfully , few others have had the same idea . 
  it 's times like these i wish i lived in iceland . 
  as much as i enjoy a beer in this weather , i usually end up enjoying lots of beers even more , leaving me dehydrated and with a hangover from hell the next day . 
  what about me ?!, 
  it is n't fair !, 
  i 've had enough now i want my share !, 
  i know what you mean . 
  i do photography as a hobby , but have had someone mention that they would love me to do their wedding ( if they ever got married , so i took it with a grain of salt ) . 
  i winced , as i know that they are going to want `` okay , now just the inlaws and cousins '' kind of arrangements . 
  if i ever get married i would want a sort of photo-journalist look to the photos , with a photographer discretely snapping all of the good moments throughout the day . 
  this was brilliant !, 
  something about the lines and curves really strikes me . 
  it 's as alluring as a [ beautiful woman ] ( http://img16.imageshack.us/img16/9905/monica_bellucci_016.jpg ) ( slightly nsfw ) . 
  it reminded me of palpatines house , but more organic . 
  i work in retail and the number of times i have wanted to yell at some mis-behaving kid is uncountable . 
  i have actually yelled a a couple of kids before , mainly for doing stupid shit like climbing on display shelves , which if pulled in the wrong direction can come apart , or for leaving swear words on the voice recorders . 
  not once however have i wanted to raise my hand to any child . 
  what this guy did is totally out of the question . 
  he could quite have easily walked away so he did n't have to listen , or quietly gone up to the mother and said `` excuse me , could you please keep your fucking little cunt-spawn under control ? '' . 
  sure , it 's rude , but it might have gotten her attention .
