  the whole thing seems rather pointless to me . 
  if the objective is to have robots that could be used in fukushima type situations , mandating a humanoid form does nothing but divert the efforts of the creators from actually creating something useful . 
  very interesting read . 
  thanks for that . 
  ugh , tell me about it . 
  one of the most annoying experiences i 've had was in sarajevo of all places , and this group of about 20 tourists were led directly in front of the franz ferdinand plaque , so even half of them would n't be able to see it ( let alone anyone else ) , and were just standing there bored and restless , listening to their guide for 10 minutes . 
  i 'm currently on a 9 month backpacking trip around europe , so i had to be somewhere during the high season . 
  i can only imagine the chaos in a place like paris at the moment . 
  about the bathroom , the first time i was on and a380 ( singapore airlines ) it looked like the seats were that way as well , including the in flight entertainment . 
  however , i was recently on a qatar airlines plane and it was all brand new and mint condition . 
  do you love me ? 
  i used to work in a radioshack type store many years ago . 
  we had a customer bring in a fax machine for repair under warranty . 
  we sent it off and it was rejected for free repair . 
  the cause : cockroach infestation . 
  the only interesting thing about this was that the customer was the guy that owned the kebab shop where i would get lunch on a fairly regular basis , and it was the shops fax machine . 
  i love this waterfall . 
  it was windy and rainy when i visited , and i was shivering , but i just stood near the base , staring up in awe . 
  uhh ... 
  i 'm not a fan of this trend . 
  you go to some hipster burger place and you end up with a burger too cumbersome to pick up in one piece , served on a slab of wood or vintage clipboard or something , and you end up with lettuce and crumbs all over the table or your lap because there 's no edges . 
  and do n't get me started on those mini fryer basket they use for fries in order to compensate for this bullshit . 
  give me a plate goddammit !, 
  this is a terribly written article , almost to the point of incoherence . 
  be careful what you wish to . 
  never underestimate the amount of damage an incompetent politician can do in a single term . 
  just look at australia 's pm , tony abbot . 
  he managed to king hit the renewables sector , neuter the fiber network that was already under construction ( and is now over budget and behind schedule ) , and that 's just two major fuckups in a long line of fuckups . 
  sorry , i did n't intend for this to be a rant when i started it . 
  i too saw the video . 
  this guy opened for fnm a few years ago when they came to melbourne . 
  the crowd was almost at the point of rioting from his stupid jokes . 
  it was good though , as the energy in the room was off the charts as the band came on stage . 
  may i ask , what helmet is that ? 
  really cool . 
  where in melbs was this shot taken ? 
  would n't it actually be a brownprint ? 
  while i agree , sneaking a photo of someone on public transport is a little weird , smoking a cone on the train is a much bigger faux pas . 
  i believe that since the subject decided to partake in some gaseous refreshment in a public place he foregoes any right not to be photographed and mocked for our entertainment . 
  ask yourself this : if he was smoking a ciggie , would you have the same reaction ? 
  i do n't think the op sits around waiting for something to post on reddit to appear . 
  he was probably just bored and saw this as something to post for shirts and giggles . 
   but would you have had the same reaction if he was drinking a beer ? 
  further , would you have had the same reaction if he was kissing his boyfriend ? 
   both are almost entirely harmless to the surrounding population , the beer would be frowned upon by most , and 10 years ago the same could be said of a homosexual kiss . 
   if someone has something disgusting spilt upon their clothes does that forego `` any right not to be photographed and mocked for our entertainment '' ? 
  i know many of the same people who would laugh at this image of a smoker would laugh at that image, 
   the important factor is the illicit nature of this mans act , but i find that you would specifically use the word `` mocked '' , which has huge connotations with the cruel culture of bullying , is rather worrying . 
  not so much the illicit nature imo but the lack of social acceptability . 
  also , the point i was trying to raise was that smoking a cigarette or a bong does affect those around you , whereas having a foodstain on your clothes or making out does n't , or at least not to the same degree for the latter ( some people might feel uncomfortable , but that 's their problem ) . 
   the point of human rights is that they are essential and irrevocable in the absence of invading anothers right . 
  we do n't get to make the decision of who foregoes such a right . 
  those decisions are not to be made so lightly . 
  alright i 'll concede that mocked may have been a little harsh . 
  i did n't really expect such a response from what was an off hand reply . 
  i think the best point that you raise , somewhat implicitly , is that this whole thing is very complicated . 
   two wrongs do n't make a right lol , 
  but they do make karma it would seem :-), 
  that 's brilliant . 
  the `` aura '' , is it a lens flare ? 
  currently listening to this while i read your comment . 
  weird coincidence . 
  thanks pipe . 
  i recently came back from backpacking around europe , and this church was the most beautiful i had come across , inside and out . 
  to be honest , when i first saw this , i thought it was for canberra , australia , known for having an excess of roundabouts . 
  honestly , that film would have been far better if eggsy was n't in it . 
  same with me . 
  currently stuck at yarraman and still no busses . 
  i know . 
  everyone in my office has been whining about how cold it is ( i love cold weather incidentally ) , and the first hint of summer they wo n't shut up about how hot it is . 
  skogafoss is best foss . 
  seriously though , when i visited there i remember just standing near the base staring up in awe at the water for almost half an hour . 
  there is something so captivating about it . 
  well that 's just plain wrong mate . 
  the tilt is due to the soft and unstable foundations the houses were built on . 
  well , after looking i to it it appears to be a little of both !, 
  never heard the story you described when i was there . 
  the ground is very muddy which is why you get some buildings with a sort of parallelogram effect , but the forward leaning was intentional , as it matched older wooden houses that the current stone buildings replaced . 
  the original tilt helps with the wind and also made it easy to rip down in case of fire , but as you mentioned , also to help loading cargo . 
  needs more jpeg . 
  on a spielplatz is where she spent most of her days ... 
  when i backpacked through lithuania last year , whenever i struck up a conversation with someone at a bar , the question that inevitably came up was : `` you 're australian ? 
  what are you doing here ? '' . 
  never change , lithuania . 
  went there as part of a larger trip around europe . 
  and yes , it was fun !, 
  haha . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how did you go about moving there ? 
  are you on a work visa , or is it the working holiday program ? 
  more rank than dank i 'd say . 
  sell . 
   no , that was clear . 
  mc  `` so ... you 're from asia . 
  do you speak asian ? '', 
   i told this story to a girl once . 
  she laughed and then replied , `` so , do you ? '', 
  lance the, 
  the lines are a little blurrier in tasmania though . 
  i did this during summer , and even though i got up early before the sun got too high in the sky , i have never been as sweaty as that day . 
  needs more jpeg .
