i 'm sorry but this article would have to be the driest thing i have read all day . 
  wow , i never thought that the american yokel stereotype actually existed with such severity . 
  my favourite part was when the guy on the front of the bike talked . 
  not overly surprising . 
  from my experience , the bigger the bank , the worse their grasp of technology . 
  i have the ( dis ) pleasure of dealing with with some ` enterprise ' websites from one of the biggest banks in the world as part of my job ( we use them as a finance provider ) . 
  their are many strange quirks , such as the fact that you will get weird errors if you have caps-lock on , but every field is capitalised ( on the page , with javascript presumably ) whether you have it on or not . 
  also , most of the data i need to enter is input on a single page , which is not a problem except it usually takes about 20-30 minutes to complete this form ( i 'm getting the info from the customer directly ) and the session times out after 15 minutes , meaning you have to save it every 10 minutes or when you are finished the form will not submit . 
  when dealing with this kind of shit it worries me that these guys are in charge of organising billions ( possibly trillions ! ), 
  of dollars . 
  sorry for the long post . 
  i personally think that tasers should be issued , but only used as an intermediate step in force between mace and firearms . 
  although that net-gun linked above looked pretty spiffy . 
  i remember when martin was talking about this on ` get this ' . 
  ah , such fond memories . 
  two large family gatherings ; lunch with my extended family , and dinner with my girlfriends extended family . 
  this is incredibly sad . 
  i had a school camp up there many years ago and it 's hard to imagine that it no longer exists . 
  i can only imagine how the town residents feel . 
  i had fond memories of staying [ here ] ( http://tinyurl.com/asctod ) on a primary school trip.i also remember playing a game of footy with he local schoolkids at that primary school . 
  makes me uncomfortable to think that it 's no longer there . 
  i was at the same session . 
  i thought it was a bit strange , as the theatre felt like it was ` wobbling ' almost . 
  in my programming 101 class at uni my lecturer uses hungarian notation , which i find incredibly frustrating ( in vb none the less ) , since i have self taught myself programing on the likes of java and python , which thankfully seems devoid of this phenomenon . 
  worse still , however , is how ugly things get when we are given a piece of code to modify or add to which has this terrible naming system and i have the choice of either going with it , which i hate , or using my usual meaningful variable name system ( pretty much like cocoa ; long and self describing ) . 
  i usually just do the latter out of sheer stubbornness . 
  let 's hope that mtr have the more attractive bribe ^ w bid . 
  they 're paying for control of one of their biggest competitors . 
  the app seems to have a weird issue that mainly seems to be affecting those who live outside the us . 
  i found that i had to change my time-zone on my iphone to get it to work , although the weird thing is , it works when i set it to vladivostock , which is in the same time-zone as me ( melbourne ) . 
  this also does n't appear to work for everyone . 
  his penis looks like a button on a fur coat . 
  should be a hoot . 
  might be time to dust off the old chaser dvds to get refreshed . 
  for some reason , this ad makes me grind my teeth every time i see it . 
  it 's like nails on a chalkboard , but for my eyes . 
  linksys ? 
  that always reminded me of the whole ` hunter2 ' irc transcript for some reason . 
  it 's sad to see it go , but as others have said , it 's good to quit while they are ahead . 
  it will be interesting to see what they come up with for their next show . 
  never attribute to malice that which can be explained by incompetence . 
  or in this case , downright stupidity . 
  i know . 
  with all it 's fur it looks kinda cuddly . 
  i also work in retail and i find talking in different accents or showing some weird ticks just to get a confused look out of the customer can lighten up the mood considerably . 
  push notifications would be nice , but support for events would be really useful . 
  i love the ad i got : http://i43.tinypic.com/4ik3ms.jpg, 
  the chord progression in the intro that reminded me of the theme song for the latest star trek . 
  somewhat fitting , methinks . 
  i can see oracle is starting to have an influence on sun now , with their version numbers if nothing else ... 
  sounds like one of my it101 online tests . 
  the headline read like an onion article for me . 
  this does happen occasionally . 
  the news source writes articles before events such as this take place . 
  there would have been an article for julie as well . 
  the editor either jumped the gun , or clicked the wrong button and published the wrong article . 
  either way , the page is gone now . 
  have a look at the address bar , and just try to deny it !, 
  way too many cute girls in these ads . 
  very distracting . 
  it 's what i thought of instantly . 
  no worries . 
  not really a ` stack ' though is it . 
  all it does , as far as i can tell , is respond to pings . 
  nothing more . 
  pretty nifty concept though . 
  oh no , not & # 8211 !, 
  i know exactly how you feel . 
  that is pretty much how my current course at uni is . 
  copy and paste . 
  i went to uni after working a dead end job for a few years , but taught myself how to code , simply because i enjoyed it . 
  i figured i had probably picked up a ton of bad habits but it almost seems as though it 's the other way around . 
  we are being taught that we do n't need to validate input , that variable names like tbl_gs3 are perfectly acceptable etc. 
  all of the stuff that is greeted with ridicule in places like this . 
  it 's rather depressing to realise that academia really only excels, 
  at creating more academics . 
  yeah , but everyone knows it really stands visitors beer . 
  on one of the online quizzes for my database class , this was the question posed . 
  it seems to me that chargers \\ _ per \\ _ hour is far more useful and understandable , but apparently the best name for a column representing charges per hour is job \\ _ chg \\ _ hour . 
  i really do n't get why :, 
  1 ) we need to append the table name to every column . 
  when doing most queries involving multiple tables you are specifying table.column anyway . 
  2 ) we need to obfuscate the name of the column . 
  we are talking about a relational database here . 
  as far as i know the column name is only stored once , so it cant be space saving considerations . 
  perhaps its easier to type ? 
  someone please explain to me what the general consensus around here is regarding database naming . 
  to some extent the table names ( or should that be tbl \\ _ names  are obfuscated , but not as bad as the columns . 
  what irritates me is that having taught myself how to code primarily with java and cocoa , long but descriptive names feel natural to me . 
  true you are . 
  i will leave my comment unedited as a mark of shame . 
  i upvoted you for your comments content , but downvoted due to your silly gimmick . 
  nope . 
  a university in melbourne , australia . 
  i 'd rather not say which . 
  not overly meaningful , but the marks of this quiz do contribute to the final mark , albeit not a huge amount ( 5 % of total if i recall ) . 
  it 's primarily ms sql actually . 
  are you a fan of the nights dawn trilogy by peter f. hamilton ? 
  this guy seems pretty smart . 
  too bad he 'll probably be shot or blown up by some fundie in the near future .
