  and if you 're russia you start with 70 % corruption and 18 % inflation yaaay -_- ' ( so its authentic ! ), 
  i guess he 's swedish because that 's what i see when i read our newspapers . 
  well . 
  did . 
  i do n't read them anymore . 
  so hey . 
  i might be wrong, 
  that 's different . 
  pussy riot are a literal pain in the ass . 
  they deserve no respect . 
  of course , does n't justify police brutality . 
  but i feel less sympathetic towards them . 
  i do n't ... get it ... 
  sorry fellow swede . 
  this portuguese is right . 
  the quran and the old testamet are too violent and since children are bound to believe what they 're told . 
  they will have no issue following these scripts to the extreme . 
  mein kampf is banned in several countries because of radical ideologies . 
  there is little difference between mein kampf and the quran, 
  nah , join us against danskj\u00e4veln . 
   you guys are a neutral country who welcomes migrants with open arms ... why would anybody want to terrorize you because of our imigration policy we 're allowing or rather not checking every `` refugee '' and thus isis affiliates are bound to enter . 
  they do n't care about neutraility , they want the west to live in fear . 
  and when a neutral nation that has n't been in direct war for 300 years gets attacked for nothing , then that means no nation and no one is safe . 
  and since islam is generally not compatible with western values this will be bound to happen . 
  that might be the case . 
  but russia would never spend the time and money training rebels when they already have russians there and thus sending russian tankers would be casual . 
  did n't the rebels take a js-3 from a local museum into combat ? 
  it still does n't matter . 
  you dont put a rebel crew who have never operated such an expensive vehicle into combat when there is only 40 of those tanks built . 
  chassi of course being a t72 but the weaponstystem would never be entrusted to a rebel crew . 
  governments just wouldnt do that . 
  its illogical . 
  we already know russians are there anyway and they know we do that to . 
  why then put a rebel crew into this tank when they know we know they could easily bring in more skilled and trustworthy russians . 
  rebels might not be intellectually disabled . 
  but their skill and quality is not the same as their russian comrades . 
  the russian equipment they are used to arent these weaponsystem though . 
  they used old soviet block weapon systems . 
  beefed up t55 and t72 's . 
  i do know how easy it is . 
  i study tanks for a hobby . 
  i wasnt talking about driving the tanks . 
  operating them is n't just driving them . 
  using this mlrs effectively and without issues is significantly more complicated than a 3 hours teach session . 
  pardon my english im on my phone . 
  the driver is also the mechanic in a tank when its not near a fob . 
  the driver controls the tank on the field . 
  if you drive over a mine and it ruins a torsion bar then your driver will spend hours trying to fix it . 
  you only send combat vehicles back when the driver can not repair the vehicle with the tools and parts he got available . 
  rebels are not the one driving this . 
  such an expensive weapon system with so few numbers built . 
  must be handled by a crew trained to use it . 
  this is n't a ordinary t72 . 
  it might share the chassi but thats it . 
  have you ever been inside a tank ? 
  have you ever been taught how to maintain a tank and its components ? 
  this is a expensive mlrs system and just handing it over to rebels is stupid . 
  begone demon !, 
  it 's actually kinda nice . 
  it 's not cold at all . 
  it 's 2 ^ ^ o celsius atm and it was -1 ^ ^ o yesterday . 
  it 's pretty warm . . 
  if it 's any consolidation , almost all of us swede 's love finland . 
  as do our politicians . 
  we also love poland . 
  i hope , that we can figure this out . 
  the next 4 years will be interesting for sure . 
   why are the swedes reindeer in maus ? 
  that pissed me off . 
  it 's not a reindeer , it 's a moose !, 
  it 's seen as our national animal . 
  like the yanks bald eagle . 
  i am a swede with the heigt of a russian ... fml, 
  implying that right wing peoples , such as yourself are not in favour of political correctness . 
  you are , just the political correctness that you prefer . 
  do not waste my time with pathetic hollow insults to my people during a time of grief . 
  sad . 
  you 're right , i do n't . 
  i hope a peaceful rational conclusion will surface , i hope . 
  but hope is all but redundant these days . 
  from what i 've heard he 's most likely dead but 3 other ` partners in crime ' ( for the lack of a better word ) are on the run - armed . 
  i may be wrong though , i most likely am . 
  it 's difficult to say which is correct , information is so incredibly limited at the moment . 
  we will have to wait and see . 
  you bet that this will increase nationalistic sentiment though . 
  already have 4 people messaging me about ` rasrensing ' which translates to ethnic cleansing . 
  of course , they 're not serious , they 're just scared and angry . 
  which is understandable but also dangerous , we must remain vigilant and calm . 
  har du f\u00e5tt information om horans ( terror grabbens ) etnicitet ? 
   and yes , eye-witnesses have confirmed the attacker was not white . 
  yes . . because only immigrants are n't white ...  swedish media is n't allowed to report that and if anything they 'll whiten the pixels , but there 's sources outside sweden not bound to those rules . 
  yes they are , though it only happened an hour ago , to presume the perpetrators ethnicity is fucked up . 
  you should only come to a conclusion when the facts are provided to you . 
  not before . 
  if he is in fact muslim , as you claim . 
  then i will gladly accept that as fact , as will the news . 
  however , to claim he is a muslim before definitive proof is available , that would be idiotic . 
  as of the writing of your original comment , there has been no intel on the ethnicity of the perpetrator , nor have you provided real proof that he was in fact not ` white ' . 
  we 'll have to wait and see , it is most likely the case that he is a muslim , it 's statistically more probable , but to already assume the ethnicity of the perpetrator is foolish . 
  [ edit : this attack will only encourage right wing extremism , that is for sure .
