  whilst sd ( sweden democrats ) are not fascists nor ` right wing extremists ' they will still get an incredible support after this attack . 
  whatever the goal of the attacker was , he only shot his fellow ` immigrants ' in the foot . ], 
  hopefully his death was excruciatingly painful , if he even died at all . 
  that is the north . 
  although during winter the sun is still rather rare in the south . 
  usually grey covered skies . 
  rarely anything blue : / ca n't wait for spring !, 
  actually it 's usually sweden that is the victim . 
  so it 's refreshing that they are having the jab at someone else . 
  the best place , other places are fake news . 
  sad . 
  we ... we do n't talk about that . . they are ours . . \\  : c, 
  ^ ^ ^ schh, 
  that 's not how this works . 
  swedish is still taught to the finish and we 've had them previously to their independence . 
  fact is ... they 're ours  ) ) ), 
  we call finland east sweden over here for a reason you know . 
  that was a major reason for why i made my comments . 
  i may not like trump supporters that much , but i do n't want them to be hurt . 
  congratulation . 
  out of all the comments i 've responded to , yours were the best . 
   but fascists and nazis do not deserve to be respected you say that as if that 's my point . 
  by all means , do not respect them , do n't treat them like normal parties . 
  but do n't condone nor encourage violence against people simply because they believe something we find to be absolutely fucking horrendous . 
  the amount of comments in this thread suggesting we hunt nazis down and kill them is absolutely astounding . 
  my comments were directed towards those people . 
  people who would let their fear & hatred consume them as it consume nazis . 
  people who would without a blink of an eye wish harm upon a man simply because he believes in something we oppose violently . 
   nazis and fascists already resort to violence , it 's a key tennant of their political view and behaviour . 
  bunching them up with `` people you disagree with '' is misleading and a disservice to all other parties . 
  so we should just beat them up because some of them already resort to violence ? 
  we should fall to their level of stupidity simply because they do it ? 
  i think not . 
  it is not a disservice to other parties . 
  i am not speaking about parties . 
  i 'm speaking about individuals who believe in something we do not . 
  i do n't care if what they believe in is horrid , they do not deserve to be attacked for their beliefs . 
  end of discussion . 
  i 've made jokes about nazis , the holocaust etc. 
  it does not make me worse than nazis . 
  it does not mean i am excusing their behaviour of beliefs . 
  people have different methods to cope with horrible truths . 
  some people cry , mourn . 
  others , like me , make jokes . 
  by making a joke about nazis they are not making it any worse . 
  they are not painting nazis as good people because everyone understands that it is a damn joke . 
  if anything it mocks naziism , it does not encourage it . 
   you seem to be under the rosy impression that a good talk is all it takes and those people who are ok with systematic genocide in an industrial scale will see the light . 
  no , i am well aware that it takes more than a simple discussion . 
  i have , so far , changed three neo-nazis into becoming loving members of society . 
  men who changed their beliefs after long debates , not over night of course . 
   in all instances neo-nazi and fascist groups are the first to attack people , and all the while we wring our hands saying `` oh no do n't hurt their fee-fees that will make them attack people ! '' . 
  attacking them , with violence , is ` hurting their fee-fees ' ? 
  no it is n't . 
  ` they are the first to attack ' . 
  yes , that 's why i always see neo-nazis attack people on my news ... wait . . i do n't ... but i do see idiots like the ones above . 
  encouraging people to abuse them simply for believing in a horrid political opinion . 
  he hurt your feelings . 
  feelings can be repaired . 
  a broken skull can not . 
  we are in agreement . 
  good point . 
  my apologies , i will have that part of my comment removed . 
  as it is incorrect . 
  thank you for correcting me < 3, 
   that 's the only reason i have any sympathies at all for the person who punched him . 
  this trend of using things like this for casual jokes despite understanding it 's wrong and offensive is almost worse than being a neo-nazi in my books , because you should know better i disagree violently . 
  nazis are bad people , very bad people . 
  making a tasteless joke does not make you their equal , or worse than them . 
  it only makes you a fucking idiot . 
   the people in question will understand that this was not a political act they do n't . 
  when i made my comment 2 hours ago , the top comment was condoning and encouraging people to hit nazis simply for being nazis . 
  hitting people for their political beliefs . 
  i can not , nor will not stand behind that . 
  if this forces me to defend the rights of people i hate , then so fucking be it . 
  at least i 'll be called a nazi knowing full well that i stood by my principles . 
   i agree that nobody should be assaulted for their beliefs , but this was just flagrant disrespect . 
  it 's like walking into finland and saying `` i proclaim this to be soviet land ! '', 
  some shit 's just gon na get you beat up . 
  yep , the dude was an idiot . 
  but my comment was more concerned with the threads apparent love for hurting people with different political opinions . 
  when i made my post 2 hours ago , the top comments were encouraging behaviour that hurt nazis simply for being nazis . 
  hurting them for their political opinion . 
  what the yank here did was tasteless and stupid , i can understand why he was attacked . 
  it 's disrespectful and offensive . 
  but i will never condone violence unless it 's made in self-defence . 
  i know that if i were to go into latvia and say ` long live the u.s.s.r ' then i 'm going to get beaten to death . 
  this does not it 's right . 
   oing the nazi salute is an insult to all those who had to endure suffering and experienced the loss of family and homes . 
  i agree . 
   nearly every german family was affected by the war and if you think it 's funnty that my grandma cried when she talked about her lost brother i 'm gon na punch you too . 
  you see , i understand . 
  but i wo n't condone violence , no matter whom it is against . 
  if you are going to paint me as a nazi for simply disliking violence , then you 're inadvertently making them look like better people . 
   yeaaaah , no !, 
  he is like them because he uses the exact line of reason and tactics they use . 
  only under a different banner . 
  he would rather use hatred and fear instead of rationality and reason . 
  he is using their tactics , he only believes in the opposite political spectrum . 
  so whilst he is not a nazi .
