* regret *, 
  holy shit you 're just as mentally brain dead as the wbc . . 
  meh . . we 're alright ... 
  for the love off all holy pasta , motherfucking no !, 
  that is hate speech in many countries . 
  things such as charlie hebdo are allowed , because they do n't promote the death of people . . 
  maybe not now , but before it was outlawed to talk shit about someones religion , maybe not prison time , but a fine maybe . 
  besides , these laws are the kind off laws that everyone has forgotten , there are tons of laws in every nation that does n't even make any logical sense what so ever , but they still exist because no one pays them any attention and cares about them . 
  why do you guys have to bring race into this ? 
  we 're one race , it 's called humans !, 
  we did n't even have this law in the first place . . your turn, 
  i 'm proud of you norway, 
   drunk guy with an axe . 
  bastard took my axe !, 
   and fancy mustache it is indeed a fancy mustache , shame he ruined it . 
  should n't we call this `` the russian war machine '' ? 
  suit 's them quite nicely , ** also ** any updates on the huge march that they did against the kremlin ? 
  another reason to leave the european union !, 
  very well said . 
  poorly planned post by op . 
  should 've considered this . 
   and the main reason is ; shity schools focused mainly to make money sweden has a government funded school system . 
  there are indeed private schools , but they 're still payed by the government , not by the citizens . 
  oh please , estonia , do n't you love us too ? 
  we love you !, 
  we do n't like denmark however , they 're an odd bunch . . we do n't speak to them . 
  well for one , we usually proof read our comments before we post them  ^ ^ hint : ^ ^ move, 
  : o yes !, 
  haha ffs god no, 
   should be a new one . 
  an abomination of 7 different languages oh god . . no , please no . 
  consider this though . 
  a political union with lithuania , latvia , estonia , finland , sweden , norway , denmark would create a new superpower that would economically rival the us , china , germany , brittian . 
  a nation created out of 7 nations ( all culturual and linguistical history accepted ) would be a glorious thing to witness . 
  yes it is < 3, 
  i have never read a more condesending comment . 
  i love it . 
  nah , they wish they had uncle adolf here / s / s / s / s ( in-case people did n't notice the / sarcasm ), 
  i 'll be down for a public execution ... anyone else ? 
   why ca n't our governments just accept these people should not be let in the country ? 
  problem is , if they 're not , then they would n't be detected in the first place and thus that child would have to suffer . 
  i am afraid that there will be a melting point . 
  a melting point where europeans have been so fed up that extremist movements will start to gain in popularity . 
  and thus a huge fascist like government would be elected . 
  even though they still act as if they 're married , and they still fuck their underage wifes . 
  according to them , they 're still married . 
   i 'm just arguing that if somebody got married in the middle east , then comes here with his underage wife , but does absolutely nothing here with her and allows himself to be separated for his bride , then he simply does n't deserve punishment by law . 
  punishing him would be utterly counterproductive and harmful to that bride , since he would n't come in into such country in the first place . 
  fair enough !, 
   you know , there 's plenty of eu countries where gay marriage still is n't allowed . 
  should they arrest any gay person who got married in country where it 's allowed ? 
  their marriage is n't legit in their eyes . 
  they do n't allow it , but they do n't jail people because of it either , they just do n't accept applicants . 
  difference is , a marriage with a 12 year old is not allowed * anywhere * except the middle east . 
  it literally illegal because of pedophilia . 
  this is n't something that should be allowed . 
   marriage to underage girl done under other country 's law system is n't something you can criminally punish anyone for doing . 
  neither did i say it would be . 
  if they enter our countries still married to 12 year old 's , and still live with that grown up then it 's pedophilia . 
   so should european countires arrest every american tourist who smoked weed legally while being in usa ? 
  if they 're not smoking weed in the country they 're visiting , of course not . 
  but that 's completely different . 
  one thing is a marriage , something that is ongoing with a underage girl . 
  the other is a action . 
  something you * do * once and not 24/7 every second of your life . 
   since they live in norway now it does mean they have to follow it 's law and ethics , but it only covers the time they 've spent in norway . 
  if you enter norway and you 're married to a 12 year old girl then you 're literally disobeying the law right there . 
  because you 're actively being married with a minor in another country . 
  it matters not where you got married in the first place , if you married a 12 year old in syria then you should not be married in norway . 
  because that 's pedophilia . 
   you ca n't imprison somebody for what he did in other country if it was legal there . 
  law does n't work this way . 
  this is western society . 
  thus western laws apply . 
  the male who married an 11 year old is a defined pedophile over here and thus have to serve the western consequence . 
  exceptions * can * not be made just because they 're from another country and culture . 
  they live in norway now . 
  they now have to follow norweigan law and ethics . 
  otherwise they must go . 
  ffs, 
  i hate hug boxes . 
  there 's always someone who get a boner . 
  no , there 's a large shortage of jobs as well . 
  there 's basically no job for us youth , which means we can not get experience . . experience we need too get a better salary job . . 
  it 's not their fault entirely ( like with houses ) but the more they are the more jobs are needed , jobs that could 've gone for born citizens . 
  i do n't wan na sound like that redneck who say `` they took our jooobs '' but i know i am . 
  not entirely no . 
  we build far too few houses , and then the `` refugees '' get priority over the swedish citizen . 
  and then since there 's so many of them they get placed in dussins of apartment complexes where no swede want 's too live ( not because of racism , but because a community filled with people who 's religion is not compatible with western society is no westerners ideal choice ) and thus they become ghetto 's and the segregation gets worse . 
  ca n't be worse than here ... literally having to scavage poor earning jobs . 
  either that or we flee to norway . 
  wait ... it is n't ? 
  i like you sir . 
  hope you and your family are doing well in the uk . 
  kinda wan na migrate there myself . 
  we have house shortage here in sweden . 
  that 's some poor ruling skill . 
  you know superpower 2 ? 
  its really fun . 
  being the leader of any nation .
