  he is like them in tactics . 
  thus my original comment is not incorrect . 
  you 'd be giving them that opportunity by attacking them , giving them the excuse of self-defence . 
  do you want to help them ? 
  do you want to make them look like the victims of leftist violence ? 
  that is what you are proposing . 
  i do n't want anyone to be hurt , why am i a bad guy for this ? 
   so ... do you realize history basically proves the opposite of what you 're arguing or do you honestly believe no-one tried to reason with the nazis ? 
  people tried to argue , but the nazis were motivated through fear and resentment for the loss of the first world war . 
  they were given someone to blame and it sky-rocketed from there . 
  people tried to argue with the nazis , they were unfortunately killed off by the state . 
  but the nazis of today do not control the government . 
  thus it is far easier to diffuse their opinions when they do n't have a government insisting that they 're right . 
  i 've proven it was possible to change the opinion of nazis . 
  i 've done it thrice . 
  they are now all my dear friends , huge proponents of israel and other minority groups . 
  it is not impossible , but it does become increasingly difficult if you do n't try . 
  yes they do . 
  there are dozens of nazis in the u.s who are not hurting people even though they 're nazis . 
  but if you go out and attack them for their political beliefs , they will use that as an excuse to retaliate . 
   ut i do understand why that person did it , even if i might not have . 
  i do too , i absolutely understand why . 
  but i do n't condone it . 
   the person in question was not exercising his right to express his political opinion !, 
  he was simply goofing around , in an offensive and very disturbing manner ( also an illegal manner , but as i said , i doubt that was the cause for the punch - the cause was the same as that for making it illegal in the first place ) understood . 
  i know that it 's illegal & most of all - incredibly offensive in germany . 
  i was more or less responding to the people of this thread though . 
  people who believe that punching nazis - where ever they are - is okay and should be encouraged . 
  this is why i talked about political beliefs . 
  i happen to believe the yank in this case was just drunk & thought it would be funny . 
  the people of this thread have dozens of comments expressing the good nature of this . 
  not because it was offensive , but because they think the yank is a nazi . 
  this is why i started talking about political freedom etc. 
  because people here want to encourage violent against people with different political beliefs . 
  this will encourage the nazis ( in say : usa ) to retaliate and hurt people too . 
  violence breed violence , it always does . . 
  midsommar always has been a boiling pot of disaster . . 
  but you know what does ? 
  pointing out their stupid arguments , beating them with reason and logic . 
  showing them that the ones they hate are as much human as they are . 
   if you 're commiting a crime because you 're an idiot you are still commiting a crime even if you do n't know any better . 
  yes , your point ? 
  his salute does not make him a nazi , his political opinions decide that . 
  opinions you do not know of . 
   if the thing you believe in is outlawed then it just might be that you deserve some punches , the same as a robber or a thief deserves it . 
  but again , you do not know if he is a nazi . . you only know that he made the nazi salute . 
  something a drunk idiot could 've thought were funny . 
  not because he 's a nazi . 
   i do n't give a shit . 
  i 'm not a nazi when i 'm drunk , i do n't do nazi salutes or spew their propaganda when i 'm drunk . 
  nazis do that . 
  not necessarily . 
  it has happened before in germany that tourists do this sort of thing . 
  most likely they think it 's a fun joke , mocking the german people . 
   my evidence is that he is a fucking nazi sympathizer is the fact that he did the nazi salute . 
  i 've done the nazi salute when i was a kid , as a joke . 
  am i suddenly a nazi sympathiser just because i made a tasteless unfunny joke ? 
  no , considering i share none of their political views . 
  as i 've stated , he most likely did it as a stupid tasteless joke during his intoxication . 
  the likelihood of him actually being a nazi is incredibly slim . 
  this does not mean that he is n't one , it just means that we should n't assume guilt before evidence is provided . 
   i do n't care . 
  they are shitty people . 
  so therefore it is right to hit them ? 
  i 'm sorry , but if we are to spin this around . 
  i 'm an atheist , by your line of reasoning i 'm a shitty person by ultra religious people . 
  especially muslims . 
  by your reasoning muslims should be allowed to hurt me , simply because i do n't share their beliefs and because they find me appalling . 
   and yet you jump in , selflessly , to defend nazism . 
  what a hero , the hero the nazis need . 
   the idiot who prefers the status quo or the escalation from nazis because otherwise nazis might get hurt fee fees . 
  if you will not defend the rights of those you despise the most , then you do not deserve those rights either . 
  i will defend anyone not to get hurt , as long as they do n't inflict physical harm . 
  regardless of their political belief . 
  i am sorry that my principles makes you upset . 
   how can you reason against something that never came from reason ? 
  nazism is not a reasonable stance , it comes from irrationality and everything can be bent to justify that belief . 
  you joker assume that i never tried to reason with nazis . 
  by showing them their stupidity . 
  i have done so and succeeded . 
  it is not my fault that you are horrendous at arguing . .  fact is that you ca n't reason with them . 
  nazism is emotionally driven , and i am the enemy . 
  i will be killed if nazism will get any hold of political power again ( well , it tries it best in the usa currently and only came close in the country of my neighbors , france ) . 
  yes it is emotion-driven . 
  but so are you . 
  they will not change their minds unless you give them a chance to do so . 
  you dismiss them instantly , not even spending the time & effort to fight their stupid beliefs . 
  how do you expect to stop them ? 
  round up all nazis and execute them ? 
   i disagree . 
  you are fully in your safe space . 
  you defend people who will never target you . 
  you are safe . 
  i may not be whom they despise , but i am not with them . 
  they are my enemy as much as they are yours . 
  the only difference is how i go about defeating my enemy . 
  you pick emotion & hatred , i pick reason and arguments . 
   i call a spade a spade and your hurt feeling are not something i give a rats ass about . 
  because at the end of the day i did not defend nazism and ** tried to justify genocide . 
  ** and i did ?
