   firstly , uk not england . 
  you should learn your countries . 
  he 's just preempting the uk brexit breakup . 
  this is about criminal statistics and has very little to do with the justice system and trial proceedings . 
  the german chancelor candidates are voted for within in the parties . 
  and we have an election system that does n't just throw away everyone 's vote that is n't for a or b. 
   the usa is a shitty country now ? 
  yeah . . if you look past the selling points of economy and american patriotism and look at the situation of everyone below and including middle class , the race problems , police brutality , police state , surveillance etc , it 's a real shit show . 
  merkel only became chancelor because too many people were involved in that donation scandal . 
  i always saw the continued engagement of sch\u00e4uble as a concession to the existing party establishment/state leaders . 
  i just seem to be too stupid to use the owncloud ui . 
  but yes , the article is largely what i expected . 
  much more balanced and informative towards how to deal with children/parents who are intolerant against ethnic minorities or even violent , parents who distribute extremist right-wing propaganda in the kindergarten . 
  not the worst of the bunch , but no . 
  this has all the signs of a solid game of chinese whisper . 
  i tried to find the original to see what this right-wing blogosphere is conveniently leaving out . 
  it seems to be widely spread over the right-wing-conspiracy blogosphere . 
  * [ section `` neues von der heimatfront '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v--tdxlsjkm ) ... * [volksbetrugpunktnet.wordpress.com ] ( https://volksbetrugpunktnet.wordpress.com/2016/09/22/vorsicht-blond-antideutscher-rassismus-in-apothekenblaettchen-babyfamilie/ ) * [ derhonigmannsagt ] ( https://derhonigmannsagt.wordpress.com/tag/amadeu-antonio-stiftung/ ) the actual original seems to be nowhere available . 
  on a more respectable note i found some [ article on stern.de ] ( http://www.stern.de/panorama/gesellschaft/rechtsextremismus--apothekenblatt-warnt-vor-blonden-maedchen-mit-roecken--7069140.html ) which seems to be more center-right , but picks on the the same superficial reading picking out passages to get upset about . 
  it links however to another page of that brochure which talks about world views , germanic nationalism , traditional family model in a sect-like isolation , in parts extremely authoritarian with an emphasis on violence and child punishment etc. 
  this seems a bit like the brochure offers a lot more than the superficial details this right-wing shit-storm is about . 
  cut off the nose to spite the face . 
   destroy europe finances i 'm pretty sure european finances will be fine , even british finances might survive this . 
   who are you going to piss off by giving us some concessions every country that did not get any of the special favours the brits again are asking for -- in the past and in the future . 
  it would also weaken the single market if everyone can selectively raise barriers as they please . 
  yeah , right . . no whataboutism whatsoever here . . 
  given the retardedness of the whole affair , the patience has been bordering on angelic . 
  there have been a clear statements of intentions and interpretations before the brexit vote from the rest of europe and now they 're going through with that . 
   we have no good right wing party there are no good right-wing party . 
  all are dominated by an ahistoric narrative about tradition and the way `` things were '' which they in fact never were . 
  the range of reactions to that base delusion range from just conservative hypocrisy to murderous racism . 
   my bet is germany might recover more quickly while places like ireland will not . 
  maybe , maybe it 's just a difference in speeds . 
  the point being that there is much wiggle room for things to develop . 
  there 's also global trade that might actually increase because some countries might move their business from the uk to continental europe . 
  on the other hand , the uk has painted themselves into a corner . 
  all experts opinions seem to point to * every * possible new trade agreement on any level being a slow and complicated affair , with the tendencies of other global parties wanting to wait on the uk/eur affair being settled before committing to anything . 
  quick would mean only a decade or so . 
  due to the interlocking nature already mentioned rather more . 
  what is the uk economy doing during that time ? 
  because the equilibrium of overall trade changes ? 
  who is more likely to recover ? 
  a huge trading block that can just shift exports around or an economy with delusions about the feasibility of quick new trade agreements ? 
   you want sharp insights into things ? 
  poles do n't like to feel they were bought by germany , because we were n't . 
  we also do n't like to be ordered by germany , because nazis . 
  strange , we just love it when you compare us to nazis . 
  it 's always so nice . 
   while you did n't adress the most important fact that we did not break any eu laws you had to lach on reductio ad hitlerum . 
  riiiiight ... you , out of the blue , with no factual connection whatsoever , talk about nazis and anschluss and what not , and it 's * me * that is doing reductio ad hitlerium when i call you out on it . 
  the fact that you are unable to clearly distinguish between current day and nazi era germany shows your sharp insights into things . 
  you made the deal , now live with it . 
  you can polexit , too , of course . . edit : also hilarious how sensitive you are about the smallest things , but a casual comparison to hitler germany is right in any case , right ? 
  it 's also not our fault if your politicians talk such nonsense as vegetarian bicycle-drivers threatening polish values . 
  all the advantages , none of the pesky bicycle-riding vegetarians or the refugees . 
  makes total sense . 
  this is hilarious . 
  `` we 're here to do business '' '' \u00e4h . . '' * explode * . 
  look at what you can make out of a single sentence !, 
  of course poland being the largest netto recipient has nothing to do with you guys * wanting * those moneys . 
  we basically forced it on you !, 
  it 's interesting how defensive you get the second anyone even comes close to questioning the `` pure and hard working poles '' narrative . 
   but to ~ ~ do business ~ ~ get subsidies . 
  k. . it was / u/mattrtracz, 
  you started going on about poles in this thread and people where answering you why they think poles are racist . 
  you are extrapolating historic incidents to all germans it seems . 
  we might be less sensitive , more used to this by now . 
  this is what this sub-thread is about ? 
  or did you just saw pure holy polonia being attacked and your instincts kicked in and you could n't help yourself ? 
  there 's much i could say to that in a `` let 's look at the detailed history of the holocaust '' way , but you have no interest in this anyway . 
  you 're just using it to justify poles shouting antisemtic shit at soccer games . 
  good thing you 're not comparing one town and one incident to a country over 12 years there , but hey , whatever makes poles look good/better/less-bad , right ? 
  so , shouting antisemitic paroles is ok if you 're a bit angry ? 
  good to know . . 
  oh . . did you guys move the dominican republic to another continent ? 
   but across the continent , such parties seem woefully incapable of filtering out their nutjobs . 
  because they 're not filtering them at all but are using dog-whistle politics to draw them in . 
  always kind of saying what they of course do n't mean etc. 
  it 's a dishonest form of communication that is bound to draw exactly those elements . 
   their solution a solution would be an actionable plan within the bounds of our constitution . 
  there is no such thing . 
  it 's all about protest and posturing . 
   its basically a mini-ruhrpott . 
  emphasis on * mini * . 
  they basically have 1 `` large '' city that has about as much citizen as hamm or reims in france . 
  in the middle of nowhere , far away from everything else . 
  wedged between the most boring parts of france and germany . 
  well . . there has been this general huge influx of trump supporters , european and international racists etc that think they know so much more about germany than germans lately , ever since the increase in refugees . 
  your question was framed in a way that reminds very much of that kind of hyperbole . 
  the only way this could have changed things for merkel would be if it changed majorities in bundesrat ( german upper house , being made up of representatives from the individual states ) . 
  this was e.g. 
  what led to the end of [ gerhard schr\u00f6der 's chancelorship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerhard_schr%c3%b6der#in_federal_politics ) . 
  the bundesrat has to sign off on a lot of federal legislation , so a opposing party having a majority there can lead to an effective blockade of federal governance . 
  with the current grand coalition on the federal level the danger of this is rather limited though . 
   they truly believe in two thirds of afd voters do n't take the afd seriously . 
  edit : [ chart ( relabled for your convenience ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i4vzwrv.jpg ), 
   but it 's a continuing trend that she should not ignore . 
  meaning what ? 
  getting herself some populist policies ? 
  kicking out all foreigners ?
