  it 's funny how this kind of language and mentality is actually only used by afd et al these days . 
  either to describe people they want to discriminate against or to describe the actions of people calling them out on that behavior . 
  that 's imax level projection . . 
   to the unlimited migration no oversight system the eu currently uses . 
   it 's like a spoiled child who 's asked for to much candy i think the situation is much more severe than that . 
  now the kid wants to burn the house down . 
  the single market can not possibly work and continue to exist if each member can pick and choose and erect barriers where they please -- that can not work . 
  or it was 0 % that had `` bshit criminal shit '' and the whole raid was just to show activity and reassure the populace that they are doing something against the threats . 
   if we say there was 1 per site only then that is already 190 people for muslims , suspected means guilty , obviously . 
  for a small country , yes . 
  for the us , it 's just 1 % . 
   except hillary won the popular vote by a huge margin 1 % hardly seems like a huge margin . 
  it matters a lot for merkel 's chances of government . 
  the votes for afd are politically dead . 
  there is no way merkel can take them into a coalition nor would she want to -- what good is a highly unstable government containing pure populists ? 
  does n't even have to be coalition participation . 
  usually normal parliamentary work is too much for populists . 
  that depends on how much a chunk the afd manages to take out of the right-wing . 
   but jesus is sadly died must have been the russians !, 
   it is a bit embarrasing how most of the world was dominated by a nation of ` bloody stupid ' people for a few centuries , is n't it ? 
  well . . first there 's the empire with the exploitation and slavery , then the downfall and * then * there are the idiots letting themselves being manipulated with delusions of power which in fact is long gone . 
  because her style of sweeping problems under the rug works so far . 
  just stirring shit up does n't seem like a thing you can perpetuate indefinitely . 
  you have at least pretend you mean some of the stuff you say . 
  so why go after may 's brexit government ? 
  that makes no fricking sense . . also from the point of view that ukip might just fizzle out now without unifying cause and external scape goat . 
  on which planet does this make sense for anyone ? 
  it 's neogothic kitsch . . like tearing down the [ trump taj mahal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trump_taj_mahal ) . 
   preventing pro-genocide groups from promoting and organizing would fall under this clause . 
  yes , but you have to employ the least means necessary . 
  punching somone is not the least means . 
  talking to them , restricting the arm , would . 
  that 's for when you for some unfathomable reason do n't like sausages . 
  there is a saying `` es geht um die wurst '' / `` it 's about the sausage '' meaning things are getting quite serious / fundamental . 
   how familiar are europeans with genocides conducted outside of the european theater ? 
  why does it matter what some asian in 100 years thinks of poland ? 
   kneel down in front of the allmighty poles and beg for forgivness ? 
  [ we literally did that ] ( http://germanhistorydocs.ghi-dc.org/images/brandt_polen.jpg ) , but you might have problems finding poles remembering it . 
   what exactly makes him a right-wing pundit ? 
  he is one of a group of columnist on spiegel online , all with a certain thematic/ideological slant . 
  * jakokb augstein - son of spiegel founder , publisher of `` der freitag '' , leftish slant * sascha lobo - internet guy with crazy hairdo * georg diez - artsy fartsy dude , culture stuff * jan fleischauer - token conservative , always seems extra-incendiary , flashy , sensational * sybille berg - author , feminist * magarete stokowski - youth culture / feminism  thus you feed perfectly into their narrative of being ignored and misrepresented by the governmental institutions , of a political elite that is completely detached from society and abuses its powers . 
  nothing could change that narrative . 
  every attempt to do so was shouted down , there is no discussing with a hateful mob . 
  hate is also not a valid political position . 
   but thanks god you made them stop eating spaghetti in that restaurant , that will surely end their movement . 
  they stopped coming there in summer 2016 , half a year after the politicians wrote the letter . 
  no one cares at this point about pegida . 
  they managed to diminish themselves . 
   source for that ? 
  its not in the article at all . 
  again , it 's not an article , but an opinion piece . 
  it plays a bit lose on the facts and is a bit heavy in the conclusions . 
  it portrays the time frames wrong , downplays the economic angle . 
  this is again `` playing rail shot '' by misrepresenting local german occerances for the sensibilities of foreign audiences for clicks and profit . 
   i think i also start to understand why there are so many burning asylum seeker homes in germany . 
   following the information in that article it is no article , it 's a opinion column by jan fleischauer , resident right-wing pundit at spiegel online . 
   when such a demand was made by an spd politician `` demand '' as he urged him to reconsider etc , not a legal demand in any way shape or form . .  the restaurant owner saw no reason to deny these people service when such a demand was made by an spd politician . 
   `` that 's just how it is , deal with it , not worth reporting '' i 'm seeing a difference between mere common vandalism and threatening people , yes . 
  i did the same distinction for the obnoxious swastika scribbles . 
   if a spd politician and even the major of munich make demands that are clearly undermining the basic idea of a free and democratic society in what way ? 
  are poltiicians forbidden from writing letters ? 
  you are again playing with `` demands '' here . 
  i can see calling it `` pressuring the guy '' , maybe , but demands sounds very counter to what factually happened here . 
   do people defending such bullshit even realize that you 're literally feeding the extreme right with such actions ? 
  frankly , i do n't care if i upset those hate groups . 
  i think it is vital for us as a society to oppose them with any legal means . 
  if the voters do n't think that those spd politicians represented them , they can vote differently . 
  and again , factually , the righwing is losing ground politicially . 
  the afd dropped to 7 to 9 % , pegida has shrunk considerably . 
  they are and remain the extreme righwing fringe . 
  * sigh * , here we go again ... where do you see a violation of free speech ? 
  by the fact that a politician wrote a letter containing unsolicited legal advice ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  free speech does * not * mean freedom of consequences . 
  people have the right to choose their dining experience on the most arbitrary of factors . 
  whose personal liberties were infringed ? 
  by what action ? 
   yes exactly , his business started to go bad after the denunciation started , man , you 're really working hard in making this a big thing . 
  who told untruths about anyone ? 
  people did n't want to eat with fucking neo-nazis and went elsewhere . 
   yes , it 's totally normal that if some restaurant owner serves members of the linke that swastikas are being sprayed on the restaurant ... yeah . . and also on their homes and they might find little cards with `` we know where you live '' in their mailboxes ... but those marker-pen scribbled swastikas and sprayed swastikas pop up everywhere in big cities . 
  normal houses , walls , whereever . 
   has the right to launch a hate and smear campaign against them . 
  `` hate and smear campaign '' ? 
  they wrote a fucking letter with unsolicited legal tips . 
   if you think denouncing a restaurant owner just because he served people that do not share your political views then that makes you a terrible democrat no one `` denounced '' the restaurant owner . 
  that is not an apt comparison and you know it . 
  this is not about people being denied entry due to their membership , it is about them holding group meetings and using it as an organisational base for their demonstrations . 
  that 's the difference between denying a muslim entry and surely kicking them out if someone starts preaching inside the restaurant and the rest whips out their prayer carpets and moves the tables . 
   yes , politicians who have absolutely no business in interfering with this guys 's private run restaurant . 
  in a democratic open society you do n't go and tell people who they should serve and who not , and especially not in your official political function . 
  they did not tell him anything * . 
  apparently they just gave him tipps how to get rid of them if he wanted to , and he did not want to . 
  his turnover falling 25 % kind of shows that that might not have been the smartest decision . 
  maybe he only accepted the afd guys because he know how bad the financial situation was and they were at least some regular customers . 
  maybe his restaurant was doomed anyway . 
   yep , you 'd totally say the same if extreme right people would denounce certain shop owners with stickers and graffiti ... as far as simple swastikas etc go , these are indeed also normal in german cities . 
  more than that , i.e. 
  incitment to genocide and whatnot , i would indeed see more severely , as does our law . 
  technically , even the swastika is far more [ illegal ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p0872 ) .
