   but you decided to ignore all sources and definitions ( even your own ) that race needs to be included to be able to call someone a racist . 
  again : it 's not my invention , it 's a thing . 
  if physicists use terms differently than the lay person we just accept that as being a technical term . 
  for some reason psychologists and sociologists do n't seem to have a right to that , strange . 
  you might think it is politically motivated . 
   call the dictionary silly nice attempt at reductionism . 
  i pointed out what i initially found racists about your statements . 
  then it continued  funny how they dress to show that they are not a part of us . 
  again playing with the word `` us '' . 
  the only `` us '' relevant in this context should be `` people obeying the rules in a free society '' and not some restriction on attitudes about clothing or sexual behavior . 
  you are free to be a bigot as long as you do n't infringe on other people 's rights . 
  edit : take those ultra-conservative christians you sometimes find . 
  they openly despise the normal society because of sinfullness etc and that 's all fine . 
  they 're even free to indoctrinate their children with that toxic ideology . 
  at least here in germany they are however not free to deny their children a proper education . 
   ah yes , i forgot for a brief moment that the terror attacks are our fault . 
  just a short sentence but it manages to a ) connect burkinis to actual terror , not only values b ) exclude muslims from possibly being a part of `` us '' . 
   so you define that a racist is someone who is against an ideology that you like/deem good ? 
  it does not have anything to do with what i like or deem good . 
  our societies are based on the rule of law , if you follow these laws , that should be ok and not still bad because your ideology is not that of the majority society . 
  it 's about the liberty . 
  yes , being a muslim is behavior . 
  but the problem is that you generally connect terrorism to islam when there 's only some versions of islam that engage in terror and even in those groups , the actual terrorists are the clear minority . 
  being a nazi is a specifc behavior . 
  no one calls you a racist for being against terrorists either . 
  saying that everyone with blond hair and blue eyes must be a nazi sympathizer because yada yada yada , that would be racist . 
  problematic would it be where those blond-blue-eyed people are the minority , because you ca n't really influence the in-group perception with those racist attitudes . 
  because it is caused by the same mechanisms of social exclusion , bias , attribution errors and linked to a person of different ethnicity/race/religion . 
  a ) b ) and c ) are the facts . 
  you create a connection between them out of your bias . 
  a muslim will create a total different connection in that they will consider b ) and c ) to be not linked to a ) . 
  i did , you ignored it . 
   facts :  a ) terrorists kill people b ) some women wear burkinis c ) most women do n't  you define b ) as being intrinsically linked to a ) thus bad , while c ) is clearly not linked to any of it and `` good '' . 
   while race and ethnicity are considered to be separate in contemporary social science , the two terms have a long history of equivalence in popular usage and older social science literature . 
  is the complete sentence . 
  i did say neither that muslim is a race nor that it is an ethnicity , i said the reaction is * racist and xenophobic * , that is still a difference . 
  again , you 're juggling with words trying to dodge the issues at hand . 
   people also use the double negative , is that also something you encourage ? 
  i do n't care about no grammar issues much . 
  it 's a way of expression , a choice of style , words have no feelings or rights . 
  just go and read the [ wikipedia article on racism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism ) for example . 
  the first paragraph alone descibes the phenomenon of racism in more detail then the dictionary definition and then it continues  while race and ethnicity are considered to be separate in contemporary social science , the two terms have a long history of equivalence in popular usage and older social science literature . 
  `` ethnicity '' is often used in a sense close to one traditionally attributed to `` race '' : the division of human groups based on qualities assumed to be essential or innate to the group ( e.g. 
  shared ancestry or shared behavior ) . 
   racism and racial discrimination are often used to describe discrimination on an ethnic or cultural basis , independent of whether these differences are described as racial . 
  according to a united nations convention , there is no distinction between the terms `` racial '' and `` ethnic '' discrimination . 
  the un convention further concludes that superiority based on racial differentiation is scientifically false , morally condemnable , socially unjust and dangerous , and there is no justification for racial discrimination , anywhere , in theory or in practice . 
  [ 2 ] it 's a thing . 
  calling for political action is not a cure-all , especially for minorities . 
  gay people , being in a clear minority , could n't change laws outlawing their sexuality because the majority believed that infringing on most intimate rights is ok . of course it needed gay activism to change that , but most of all it needed a change in public attitudes . 
  in no way i did `` justify terrorism '' . 
  there are clear legal rules how we deal with people who murder others , alone or in groups . 
  these people are responsible for what they do and not their brothers or cousins or anyone looking like them or wearing a burkini . 
  the absence of collective punishment is one of the corner stones of our rule of law . 
  which also does not mean that we should n't look at what drives people to do such things . 
  prevention does not only means catching baddies before they strike and limiting access to weapons and explosives . 
  these are important parts , but ca n't be everything . 
  sorry . . a dictionary does not make an education . 
  you ca n't look up a word in a dictionary and pretend that 's everything to know about that subject and everything outside of it is false . 
  that is not how the world works . 
  not only are dictionaries not perfect , they provide short and limited definitions about complex topics . 
  you do n't want to debate the topic and take refuge in meaningless dictionary definitions and call me dishonest ? 
  that 's rich . . 
  i do n't tweak the meaning of any words , you are trying to reduce them to something because you do n't want to be what you are . 
  the mechanism i described with my facts example and which you are desperately trying to ignore are clear to anyone who ever had a real exposure to psychologic and sociologic concepts . 
  it is not something i made up this morning for self-engrandizement . 
  it 's a thing . 
  you judge people on the way they dress and try to argue away the xenophobic and racist aspects of it . 
  pitiful . 
  seriously . . you ca n't compress all of psychology and sociology down to tiny little soundbites and dictionary definitions . 
  and i tried to explain why it is and you came back with stupid dictionary definitions . 
  i explicitly said `` xenopobia and racism '' and you apparently have nothing to contribute on the topic . 
  oh man . . you can really count on you guys to come up with the same old and tired arguments lacking any kind of ground . 
  racism does not require a target race to actually exists . 
  in the traditional sense it means prescribing to a world view where `` races '' define who people are and what they can and should be allowed to do . 
  modern usage is a bit more lose in that it applies the same principle to related things like xenophobia , otherness , seggregation or supremacism . 
  the core of it is the same : `` we '' are such and such and `` they '' are not . 
  facts : a ) terrorists kill people b ) some women wear burkinis c ) most women do n't you define b ) as being intrinsically linked to a ) thus bad , while c ) is clearly not linked to any of it and `` good '' . 
  prejudice , otherness , xenophobia and racism . 
  i think we need a maximum coverage area law for bathing suits . 
  ca n't have granny running around in something too burkini-like . 
  equality maybe , but it depends on your view point . 
  a mini skirt can be an instrument of sexual exploitation or a symbol of indepdence and self-determination depending on wearer and circumstance . 
  it is not stricly one or the other . 
  the majority society , in this case prime minister valls and the mayors that outlawed the burkini . 
  in general xenophobia and racism . 
   that the terror attacks are ** our ** fault . 
  you started it and i just took it up , giving you the benefit of doubt in interpreting it to mean `` free and democratic society '' , expressing my doubts only by quoting the first `` we '' . 
  but it apparently was n't what you meant . 
  when we say `` democratic and free '' it apparently only means `` to be exactly like us '' . 
  wear different clothes or funny hair and you 're out . 
  interesting . 
  who is is this * us * then ? 
  the community of racially pure french people ? 
  it ca n't be the pluralistic free society , because you just excluded them from that for wanting to be modest like they were taught to be . 
  brain off , hate on . 
  there is responsibility/guilt and there is causes . 
  those burkini wearing women are just as innocent as `` we '' are . 
  funny how they 're innocent and did nothing wrong and yet , they 're not a part of * us * . 
  hmm . . marginalized third generation immigrants committing acts of terror ?
