  you 're living in a fantasy world . 
  not even within germany people are paid the same . 
  companies in munich or frankfurt have to pay more to people because the cost of living is just higher . 
  what was your argument again then ? 
  your slightly lower current murder rate makes it ok to be racist ? 
   now what ? 
  your mistake is clearly human error , i 'm a big bad pole hater . 
  the world is so easy . 
  these are the atrocities of drug prohibition . 
  outlaw vodka and you 'll have the same problems in no time , the american prohibition showed that very well . 
  [ this was what i found ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/germany/poland/crime ) and i said i found it odd that we should have 3038 times more police than poland . 
  your numbers for poland look odd , too . 
  so in 2011 449 cases are a rate of 1.2 . 
  in 2012 suddenly 377 cases , a reduction of total cases of 18 % is 0.1 ? 
  did the population of poland suddenly multiply 10 fold in 2012 ? 
   if it would be true then people in africa would n't be murdering each other in the same countries . 
  they are murdering one another because they belong to different tribes who occupy bordering or overlapping territories . 
  the whole development of larger nations comes from warfare , i.e. 
  gun powder making the old strategy of fortification obsolete , requiring larger armies , favoring larger tax bases etc etc. 
   just do n't tell people it has no meaning . 
  i do n't care how much it means to you but you 're welcome as long as you do n't use it as justification to persecute other people , which is what brought us to the whole point . 
  your links lead nowhere . 
  i also found another statistic which i found very odd . 
  0.1 police per 100k citizen ? 
  are we sure poland even knows about all the people murdered ? 
   a nation is not a nonsense . 
  it 's an arbritrary line drawn in nature because this king or that king either conquered or defended it to that point . 
  and the people on the other side are supposed to be so different from us , even when they 're not apart from maybe speaking another language . 
   willing to take them as your responsibility responsibility first of all means admitting you have a problem and not living in denial about it which was the way of the ddr of dealing with the problem . 
  because it can not be what they did not want it to be . 
  hence the explosion of anti-foreigner violence in the former ddr states after the reunion . 
   if germans would cause such problems then you would n't be welcomed here either the problem is that you seem to think it 's ok to be murdered by a pole even if the chance for that is higher than in germany . 
  because ... you take isolated examples and apply them to a whole set of innocent people with some hand-waving and talk about `` culture '' etc , when it 's all code for `` the others '' . 
  of course you would never blame catholicism even for murders done in its name , but hey , islam is kind of strange , right ? 
   older polish folks remember how they were welcomed into germany in shortly after '89 well . . the problem is that you come out at the wrong side of germany coming from poland . 
  you know , the side that was ruled by communists for 40 + years and where dealing with the nazi past was mostly done by denial and the usual nonsense about people 's will and nation and shit . 
   we at least know real names of our people , at least those held for murder . 
  do n't worry , jakub . 
  was good patriotic murder by piotr . 
   that 's racist . 
  we call it polish culture . 
  does n't matter if you call your racism polish culture . 
  does n't make it stink any less . 
  yeah . . no one is ever murdered in poland . 
  and those `` arguments '' aka prejudice and xenophobia are of course just common sense and only a problem if they are against polish people . 
  polish nationionalism is always wholesome . 
  oh yes . . a few incidents of poland being misrepresented is of course worse than the constant barrage of refuge and muslim bashing relating to germany . 
  many here celebrate for every dead or raped german that can be misused for their cause . 
  right . . because purposefully spreading false information for political gain is such a decent and upstanding human behavior . 
  the germany i keep reading on about on / r/europe ( and even worse in other reddits ) has very little to do with the germany i live in lately . 
  what 's with non-saxon germans ? 
  k. . . so this is purely about anecdotes . . 
   its pretty uncommon to find people who 're not completely disappointed by immigration politics and asylum many just think that the * handling * of it was bad and some polls do n't bother to ask for such details but lump them into the `` do n't like refugees '' . 
  what 's the difference between capitalism and communism ? 
  in capitalism , man is exploited by man . 
  in communism it 's the other way around . 
  the f\u00fchrer knows best . 
   if a contemporary aztec advocated blood sacrifice , should we tolerate it ? 
  yes , we would . 
  religious freedom is not bound to conditions . 
  what is illegal is acting according to it . 
  so aztec religion itself would be ok , human sacrifices of course would n't . 
  there is a lot in christianity that is not in conformance with the german basic law , but it 's always the act that is punished , not the belief . 
  unless of course we grant christians special rights like basically giving them their labor law and right to religiously discriminate in the work place . 
  the una-bomber was also an experimental subject in [ mkultra ] ( http://boingboing.net/2014/05/09/how-the-cia-created-the-unabom.html ) . 
  but he had a manifesto which he published before being caught etc , he had clear political goals . 
  that very much depends on the detailed definition of terrorist . 
  whether we go by methods or goals . 
  breivik had larger political goals although terrorizing anyone was n't the goal . 
  i think breivik might be more a mass-murderer than a terrorist . 
  whether this guy has political goals at all is not clear at this point . 
  he might have just obeyed jivril himself in killing that evil demon or some insane nonsense . 
  and it does not make much of a difference what we call it . 
  there is a * operational * difference between fighting the threat of a terror group or radicalized individuals returning from isis training camps and fighting random loners . 
  again , the difference being mostly operational . 
  the `` self-radicalizing '' loner is very hard to prevent . 
  surely in the sense that breivik was . 
  loose connection on a shared similar ideology level , no material or planning support from a terror network etc. 
  a knife attack on a single individual seems to low-key for isis . 
   brievic was a terrorist . 
  who was at least somewhat connected to the radical right . 
  but he was certainly heaps of crazy . 
   vulnerable people need oversight oh , that 's easy then . 
  you 're aware germany struggles to give the people that want it psychological care , let alone those who are not willing ? 
  and the threshold for committing someone is not `` dude is crazy '' , but that he poses a risk to himself or others . 
  and then you can not lock anyone up forever etc. 
  from an operational point of view it makes a lot of difference . 
  there 's not much you can do against crazies apart from detecting them early and recognizing the danger early . 
  radical groups you can investigate etc. 
  there is an important distinction to be made . 
  we would not consider every crazy shouting about demons and angels to be christian . 
  if the guy bombing the abortion clinic however has connections to radical christian fringe groups . . 
  so there 's a difference in exposure and connection to organized radical groups and motive . 
  one wants to terrorize , one is listening to the voices in his head . 
   if the sole goal of ww2 was having poland liberated of course . . european politics should only be about poland . 
  most important country ever . 
  i used them as an example based on a number of home schooling controversies on german news ( as you should be very well aware of given your flair ) . 
  i did not say that they all are doing that , but that they all despise the `` normal '' society , which is pretty much the definition of these types of ultra-conservative christians . 
  it might be construed as prejudiced etc , but since it involves people from the same ethnicity . . 
  the way you run with this however stinks of [ tu quoque fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) .
