  merkel is in this situation because she 's coming to the end of her way of doing conservative politics . 
  keeping all the nasty paleo-conservatives in check to make her party seem modern enough to appeal to an electorate that is more moderate then her party . 
  she kept moving the cdu towards the middle , making sure that the paleo-conservatives feel like they 're being heard and included ( preventing gay marriage as much as possible , non-sensical herdpr\u00e4mie etc ) . 
  this no longer seems to be working , so she loses votes to the afd . 
  i do n't see how she can fix that without becoming unvotable by the larger non-fear-oriented part of the electorate . 
  have you heard of tourism in saarland ? 
   trump winning in texas . 
  texas is huge and of industrial importance . 
  texas would be like bavaria going to afd . 
  mv is mississipi or louisiana . 
  you 're downvoted for asking a silly question . 
  mv was a grand coalition country and remains most likely a grand coalition country . 
  it is small , east-german and unimportant . 
  not much will change for merkel . 
   it 's the most rural of all the rural backwaters in the country that would be saarland . 
   counteracting there is no acting with the afd , it 's pure posturing . 
  being against everything without real , viable solutions . 
   aka `` social contract and law is important to the moment when i say it is n't ! '', 
  no , aka people have rights and no law can change that . 
  i mean what was wrong with the nazis killing all the poles and jews ? 
  they had a law that allowed that . 
  according to your logic , everything was allright . 
  something something poland good , everyone else bad . 
   and in no way our state is persecuting them let 's see how long that lasts once your government has the constitutional court fully under control . 
   what is % of refugees compared to immigrants in this mass of people ? 
  how is that relevant to the difference of immigrant and refugee ? 
   also what international laws are saying about refugees and the first country they arrive to ? 
  aka fuck european solidarity , it 's the mediteranean countries problem , no matter how dire the situation and how bad the humanitarian situation in their camps . 
  who cares about camps as long as it is not poles who have to be in them , right ? 
   they 're just in it for the money yeah . . civil war has * nothing * to do with that . 
  it 's all just economic migration . 
   that 's your opinion about poles and poland ? 
  it 's exactly that kind of thinking that leads to war . 
  a ww1 kind of war where no one really wants it , but somehow stumbles into it . 
  everyone has their own version of what 's right and that it mostly is right because it 's * us * and not * them * . 
  then step after step , things escalate until war logic starts to dominate . 
  every kills as much as they can and in the end everyone is weary of all the killing and all parties are finally willing again to talk and make concessions etc. 
  or not and you get a forced peace , a truce and then the next round of senseless killing . 
   in accordance with international law , the right to culture is limited at the point at which it infringes on another human right . 
  exactly . 
  you are free to do as you like but have no right to deny a muslim his religion or culture as long as they obey the law . 
  and no , muslims threatening polish culture by mere existence is just hyperbole . 
   as i said before we are not against immigration refugees are not immigrants . 
   european idea was first and foremost an economic union , everything else was added over time . 
  that is just not true . 
  the ideas of peace and liberty were present right from the beginning . 
   the main aim of the eec , as stated in its preamble , was to `` preserve peace and liberty and to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe '' -- [ european economic community ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_community#aims_and_achievements )  i know they spoonfeeded you glorious european ubernation propaganda but that all was a business for west . 
  what ? 
  peaceful economic cooperation is more successful than war in the long run ? 
  you do n't say . 
   and i mock you for your superiority complex and moral supremacy what is that supposed to mean ? 
  that i believe in everyone having the same human rights ? 
  that is indeed superior to backwards nationalism and mumbling about culture . 
   well , nazi also loved animals , dogs mostly . 
  oh , and physical fitness , are these things bad ? 
  do n't use an argument that `` something is bad because nazi did it '' ridiculous . 
  a central aspect of the rightwing nationalist ideology is just the same as incidental vegetarianism , sure . 
  whatever makes you sleep well at night . 
  everything bad is ok when it 's you whose doing it . 
  what a lovely ideology . 
   you know why hitler get into power ? 
  because germans were treated like shit after wwi , they were told that they are losers , backward primitives and hitler only pointed that out . 
  but they probably do n't teach you that in school . 
  hitler got into power because the establishment thought it could use him to cash in on the nationalist sentiments and use hitler as puppet which backfired . 
  if german industry and capital would n't have been on board , hitler could have had a majority without it going anywhere . 
   you had as much interest in having us in eu as we had . 
  me personally ? 
  back then i thought it natural for you guys to join us . 
  now i think that was a mistake , because all justifications aside , you 're just in it for the money and you have no interest in the european idea etc. 
   you started by character assassination right . . when i call a racist spade a spade it 's character assassination . 
   i know that you nonchalantly and with irony stated you are anti-polish i mocked you for your nationalist victim complex . 
  the rightwing racists are always the pure victims out to protect the endangered homeland . 
  hitler did so , as did do the neonazis and the afd arguments that way , and surprise : you do , too . 
  i know people tend to cut you poles a lot of slack due to the history , but guess what : your nationalist xenophobic bullshit stinks just as much as everyone else 's . 
   these people are different and they like the way they are again generalization , racism . 
  what is the `` way they like '' ? 
  just having another god ? 
  different attitudes towards modesty and nudity ? 
  sharia ? 
  it can be everything , does n't matter that much anyway because * it 's different * and therefore it has to be bad . 
   but when they come here we expect them to live the way we like . 
  we expect them to follow the rule of law and enjoy the freedoms we grant them while they respect ours . 
  that is the social contract and not some hand-wavy pretense of tradition and culture . 
  if you poles do n't like that , you should not have joined the eu . 
  if you do n't want european freedoms , you ca n't have european moneys , sorry . 
  and for the vast majority of immigrants that works out . 
  now you take the bad ones and generalize to a whole culture . 
   lol , no . 
  because unlike you i know statistics and for your information , overwhelming victims of murders are men . 
  immigrant men in that case . 
  again you just deflected to another aspect . 
  ignore my racism and instead nitpick on details . 
   when our murder rathes were sligtly higher then it was a grand argument against me . 
  it was an aside to the question why a muslim murder is so much worse than a wholesome polish murder . 
  you draw an arbitrary line , this time with religion , and declare everyone on * that * side bad . 
  and you 're chock full of both prejudice and stereotypes , attribution fallacy ( * my * errors in stats are just a mistake , * his * show he hates poles ) etc etc. 
  i bet if you say `` murder '' the image in your head is an innocent polish women being murdered by muslim brutes . 
  does n't matter that of course the majority of victims of immigrant criminals will be other immigrants , we got a narrative to hold up here . 
   poland to pay poles a german wage , not polish one what !? 
  if he has to pay german wages , what reason does he have to move production to poland ?
