hard line mafia tactics is pretty standard for the eu . 
  imperialists are gon na be imperialistic , that 's just how it goes . 
  as long as they can drive the pr campaign they do n't care . 
  the only reason they have n't tried to economically break switzerland and iceland to force them into the union is because norway is lucky enough to be too important to fuck over completely , and we 're shielding the smallest guys . 
  i do n't disagree with your opinion at all . 
  nobody was supposed to leave , it ruins the whole nation project . 
  the only reason they have article 50 at all was to silence the people in various countries who were saying that joining the eu would mean signing away the country forever . 
  now that someone has dared to invoke it they 'll be flexing economic muscles to make damned sure everyone knows what happens when you leave the `` voluntary '' union . 
   and i 've told you 1000 times that i do n't want to . 
  i know enough of the system and i know enough guys to know that i would hate the experience . 
  it would be sexist and homophobic jokes all the time . 
  the military is not a hollywood movie . 
   you 'd be contributing to societys safety , so this is plain wrong . 
   no one is risking there life at the moment for me . 
  i 'm doing my duty with society and i respect the law . 
  i 'm a member of the society not a slave of it . 
  just a leeching member . 
   the military is voluntary and they are well payed . 
  debatable . 
   in case of war , conscription would make sense . 
  by the time war arrives it 's too late . 
   but wars can be avoided by having good diplomacy . 
  irrelevant . 
   i do n't see neither spain neither the atlantic ocean invading portugal . 
  global warming might change the last one . 
   if you want to ask again : `` but what if a war comes ? '', 
  well , then , why are n't you living in a bunker already ? 
  do you have food reservations at home in case of an earthquake ? 
  i 'm norwegian , so my food stores are more for snowstorms . 
  yes i keep emergency food stores , and wood , and some basic stuff i 'd need . 
  some minimal preparation before saves you a lot of trouble after . 
  that 's why my house is warm when it 's cold outside and the power goes out . 
   yeah , and when war is declared it 's too late to prepare . 
  if you 're not ready when it starts you lose . 
   that 's why a professional army is better than conscription . 
  and at each year , less important the individual becomes . 
  more and more we use technology . 
  fundamental misunderstanding of the importane of technology aside ( infantry is , and will always be , the most important units for any army ) . 
  professional armies have not demonstrated any significant benefit when compared to a professional/conscripted combination . 
   not better ways to contribute to society 's war readiness though . 
   i wo n't organize my life under the hypothesis that some war might happen . 
  and nobody asked you to . 
  conscription means you lose 1 year , you can afford that quite easily . 
  especially considering all the useful shit you get to learn . 
   you want other people to take the risk for your health and you 're not willing to return the favour . 
   no one risked their lives for me . 
  i tire of this . 
  you keep saying it but the fact of the matter is that if your nation did n't have an army , it would not be a nation . 
   certainly sufficiently privileged that you have other options . 
  the military is , for many , the only way out . 
   in europe ? 
  i doubt that . 
  going to university is not that hard in most eu countries . 
  yet many people ca n't do it for a variety of reasons . 
   if a war starts i will be , that 's kinda the point ...  yes . 
  if a war start i will do my part . 
  well clearly not . 
   just like i will do my part if an earthquake happens and people need my help . 
  leeching of the system while other people help people who need it is not particularly useful . 
   spending 1 year in an authoritarian institution , in an environment where i do n't like . 
  you 've clearly never served at all , you do realize that full metal jacket is n't a documentary right ? 
   i would n't contribute anything to do society . 
  you 'd be contributing to societys safety , so this is plain wrong . 
   we are n't at war . 
  yeah , and when war is declared it 's too late to prepare . 
  if you 're not ready when it starts you lose . 
   and there are better ways to contribute to the society than learn how to use a gun and how to kill people . 
  not better ways to contribute to society 's war readiness though . 
   so we 're back at `` i do n't wan na '' . 
  in the end it always come back to that . 
  the freedom bit is , as always , just an excuse for selfishness . 
   yes , i do n't want to . 
  this was the point this the first comment . 
  i do n't want to be part of it . 
  you 're just showing off your authoritarian tendencies . 
  yeah you do n't . 
  you want other people to take the risk for your health and you 're not willing to return the favour . 
  that 's called being selfish . 
  you expect others to sacrifice for you , and you 're not willing to do the same . 
   `` let those too poor to have other options be the ones risking death for my safety , i have options . '', 
   so , i 'm rich now ? 
  my bank account must be wrong . 
  i should talk to my bank . 
  certainly sufficiently privileged that you have other options . 
  the military is , for many , the only way out . 
   but , anyway , are you saying that by going to conscription you are risking your life ? 
  buy doing conscription you are neither risking your life neither protecting mine . 
  if a war starts i will be , that 's kinda the point ...  thus they are defending by merely existing . 
   in another words , they are doing nothing . 
  [ look at this road ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/crosswalk-empty-street-berlin-germany-may-dorotheenstrasse-weekend-49926697.jpg ) , it 's empty !, 
  clearly it was pointless to construct it . 
   it does . 
  i lose a year of my life to do something i do n't want to . 
  average male age is what ? 
  1 year is literally 1.2 % of your entire life , and it 's early life so it 's minimally disruptive . 
  you 're likely to spend at the very least 10 to 20 years of that in varying levelts of education , half of it you 're forced to do if you want to or not , and 40 years working . 
  spending 1 year being educated in various ( fairly useful ) subjects while you 're contributing to society is n't exactly a large sacrifice . 
   if i wanted it , i would join the army . 
  but since i do n't like their environment , i do n't join . 
  so we 're back at `` i do n't wan na '' .
