  start breaking bricks , wet nips, 
  and two of the most uninteresting titles ever . 
  what is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow ? 
  someday you 'll beat the wrong person and get strangled by shoelaces . 
  it takes me 40 seconds to find someone on youtube who does it in 2 seconds . 
  so ... not as buff ? 
  jumping pillow pleasure ? 
  or belly-dancing classes . 
  phil or amanda ? 
  oh no , now you 're going to miss the latest episode of pomo piilossa . 
  ' - sen ' not ' - son ' . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure the # 1 pk is a stanley cup winner . 
  atleast it 's a shorter flight . 
  may i see ? 
  what is this somekind of a superman iv : quest for peace ? 
  that 's retarded . 
  also , jiri tlusty is playing in finland and tuomo ruutu in switzerland . 
  which episode is that ? 
  but why would you be angry at the critics ? 
   critics shit on it ( 69 % rotting tomatoes ), 
  that 's a pretty good score though . 
  the average score ( 6.4 ) is aswell . 
  certanly not shitting on it . 
  antonioni 's ` professione : reporter ' . 
  great performances by jack nicholson and maria schneider . 
  looks absolutely gorgeous . 
  sounds like something reese from ` malcolm in the middle ' would do . 
  heatley 's 50in07 is much more impressive . 
  the correct response to that is to invade the country and turn it into farmland . 
  nico stai - one october song, 
  lost their momentum . 
  it 's sauna not bastu , you barbarian . 
  thominville ? 
  but rises again , harder and a little bit brain damaged . 
  susteinabowl, 
  as was sean connery 's . 
   probably just opinion over who 's better between mackinnon/jones/ristolainen / drouin/monahan . 
  michelangelo antonioni 's * the passenger * . 
  one of jack nicholson 's best and most underappreciated performances . 
  he looks like a white walker . 
  you 're thinking of the roland emmerich masterpiece ' 10.000 b.c ' . 
  mahershala by the sea, 
  waltz with bashir, 
  `` hey ron !, 
  oh , so wayne gretzky is like the timo kaukonen of hockey ? 
  well , he ' s a closet something . 
  long live friedrich karl !, 
  what really cemented his masterful film making for me was his comedy about daniel day-lewis ' mustache , there will be blood . 
  how about turku ? 
  some like it hot, 
  but phil kessel is already stanley cup champion . 
   because you look just freaking like him !, 
  are you sure you are the mother ? 
  `` fuck you gretzky !, 
  who do you think you are ? '', 
  umm ... viva la france !, 
  it 's going t end 5-1 , is n't it ? 
  i do n't think i 'll ever encounter a more painful and mind numbing cinematic experience than i had with ultraviolet . 
  `` rollo tomasi . '', 
  no we have n't . 
  old man yells at cloud . 
  thankfully it ca n't be worse than blues brother 2000 . 
  mike hunt , aswell . 
  yet he still won 7 norris trophies . 
  does n't that represent his dominance pretty well ? 
  you should learn the fiddle . 
  messi ? 
  it does n't hurt as much when we lose to canada . 
  i completely agree . 
  i completely disagree . 
   someone choking littlefinger, 
  jon choking him in the crypts . 
  should n't kent nilsson be there somewhere ? 
  meera ? 
  hold on . 
  did the night king kill bruce wayne 's parents ? 
  balboabowl !!, 
  turned out fine for grey worm . 
  i 'll much rather have huge doggies than disgusting sky lizards . 
  the cool king steve, 
  kgb . 
  i think * if * we get jon 3.0 , it will be an obsidian dagger to the heart a la night king , when they go beyond the wall . 
   crossbowing tywin in the shitter, 
  he better have efficiency v , or that will take forever . 
  sergio leone 's film about the siege of leningrad . 
  12 years a slave, 
  sunrise, 
  schindler 's list, 
  the lord of the rings : the return of the king, 
  the deer hunter, 
  lawrence of arabia, 
  unforgiven, 
  the best years of our lives, 
  the artist, 
  6 million dollar meme, 
  philip, 
   the dragons start turning on all the people, 
  i mean they look good , but not * that * good . 
  the shower scene from psycho . 
  hey it 's me dick fosbury .
