  instead of the next julia roberts , she became the next eric roberts . 
  he works for the niemi household . 
  christopher reeve, 
  las vegas isotopes, 
  france is bacon, 
  that 's a lot of fish, 
  he [ does ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqa577_iobk ) . 
  oh , by the way wich one 's pink ? 
  the ones with alzheimer 's disease . 
  now this is a story all about how, 
  will smith quit rap to be a cash cow, 
  i 'd kill the man who gave me that awful name . 
  next they will be hailed as the two messenger of god . 
  it 's an easy way to get karma . 
  by the way have you seen moon ? 
  - matt . 
  on water . 
  in 1974 , kbg and stasi had been doing that for years . 
  he has low center of gravity , like a plant . 
  so hitler became a lumberjack ? 
  before he dropped the ` nostalgia ' from nostalgia critic he was propably one of my favourite youtubers . 
  as someone who spent 12 years in school in finland , pretty much none of this sounds even vaguely true . 
  we got homework , but you could do it in ~ 30min or so . 
  i also had tests , but never had more than 4 tests a week . 
  never had multiple tests per day . 
  i for some reason read carey price as drew carey and assumed that, 
  canadiens = colin mochrie and ryan stiles ... 
  i think i have to get some sleep . 
  you only have to look at rask to confirm this theory . 
  they are being nice to him , because he seems to have throat cancer . 
  the kaptain, 
  still not as bad as mtv3 . 
  but is n't that the correct way to say it ? 
  like jamie lee curtis , as usual . 
  well ? 
  is n't it more like barry than berry ? 
  you must have not liked it that much anyway , if that ruined the movie for you . 
  and everybody sighs in relief when he leaves . 
  in new york , right ? 
  the mark of his people . 
  rob reiner is carl reiners son ? 
  oh my god !, 
  you 're supposed to root against sweden , no matter what . 
  that 's written in your contract as a danish citizen . 
  you do realise we got 37 shots on goal this game ? 
  we spent all of our hockey mojo at the start of the year . 
  i 've been drunk since the olympics . 
  well that also kills the lung, 
  eternal sunshine of the shotless mind, 
  you 'd still have to stick a leaf blower up your ass . 
   a very small f5 tornado . 
  refreshing ? 
  more importably you could have met richard ayoade . 
  got ta catch 'em all, 
  not since the zednik incident . 
  or like lemmy ... 
  jack nicholson has n't been in a film in 6 years . 
   the four marx brothers, 
  i did n't know he had a drinking problem . 
  but he was also one of the best actors of his generation . 
  quoting / u/omahauser1985, 
   with women you either need to be the best of the best or have something very unique . 
  it 's a type of sushi . 
  it was the bomb . 
  does n't she have barbed wire on her fence ? 
  yeah , but when is the last time mcdavid scored four goals in his first nhl game ? 
  checkmate . 
  knee surgery out of nowhere . 
  does n't have quite the same ring to it . 
  a golfer killed his father ... 
  should 've watched jaws and not gone in the water then . . 
  all is lost . 
  but 50 men does not a tandem make . 
  or he is thinking about room ( ' 15 ) . 
  i like lamp . 
  or the best goalie in alberta , for that matter . 
  well clearly you do n't know anything about hockey then . 
  what are you , the waterbottle police ? 
  where 's frank beard ? 
   look at these cankles, 
  it 's all muscle . 
  se on jon nietos ei lumi . 
  it comes from the same place as german midget gayporn . 
  gib clay, 
  why is brodeur there ? 
  a russian celly ? 
  you propably should n't though . 
  / r/the _ paavo, 
  \u0160eiffell, 
  `` mongo only pawn in game of life '', 
  / r/fingols, 
  this . 
  there are like five people peeking through taylor swifts fence right now with me . 
  vincent price ? 
  the most populous city on the arctic circle . 
  `` does n't matter it 'll be called quebec nordiques in a few years anyway . '', 
  he baked about a cake per game . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  markus granlund is finnish, 
  philip larsen is danish,
