  but they shot themselves in foot with that . 
  [ they ca n't compete with the german economy either ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/france-balance-of-trade.png?s=frtebal&amp;d1=19700101&amp;d2=20151231 ) . 
  the euro was launched in 1999 as bank money and fully introduced in 2001 . 
  you can see the french net trade going down fast . 
  then the german crisis came , which let the french deficit stabilize . 
  but after the german reforms and our increased competitiveness as a result , it fell down fast again . 
  now they are struggling to maintain their political influence in the union , with the northern countries , under lead of germany , opposing them in matters of monetary policy . 
  that is why france wants greece to stay in the eurozone ( only 2 countries are left , that are in favor of greece staying , france and cyprus , an ethnically greek country ) , as greece is an opposing voice against the northern countries , but they risk the stability of the euro by doing it . 
  as you may see , this mess is bigger than most americans could imagine . 
  and as we , the german people , certainly are n't innocent in the whole matter , most of us get very angry , when we get blamed for everything , like the greek government did quite often . 
  that 's the reason for some pretty angry germans you can see in some threads here . 
   `` productivity '' is not that straight forward either yep , the normal greek citizen ca n't improve the situation in a meaningful way . 
  there are just too much disadvantages stacked up against them . 
   it 's not as simple as more austerity . 
  never was ( at least in greece ) , but that was n't obvious in the beginning of the crisis a couple of years ago . 
  they would have to reform their society from top to bottom , but there are some powerful obstacles in the way ( tax evasion , cronyism , corruption on all levels of government ) . 
  austerity seems to work quite well in societies that simply spent too much , but have a fully functional society and low corruption . 
  ireland is back on track with 4.8 % growth last year . 
  we germans had our own crisis in the 2000-2005 period , with high unemployment and growing deficits . 
  we cut our spending considerably ( [ agenda 2010 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda_2010 ) ) with `` the largest cut into the german system of social security since world war ii '' and now we are competitive as fuck again . 
  but we had a functional government , low corruption and good infrastructure going for us ( being one of the most innovative countries did also help ) . 
  greece has none of those . 
  which is why a `` grexit '' is the best of the bad options they have to atleast grow again and reduce unemployment . 
  more austerity probably would n't help . 
  sorry for the wall of text , but it is a bit more complex to explain . 
  the problem is the difference between salaries and productivity . 
  if you have high salaries and high productivity ( germany ) , you 're okay . 
  if you have low salaries and high productivity ( i would argue , poland , the baltics and ( maybe ) romania , are in this category ) , your salaries will grow and living standard rises . 
  if you have high salaries and low productivity ( greece ) , you have to take up loans indefinitely ( greece the last years ) or lower you salaries ( and therefore living standard ) . 
  the difference between productivity and salary shows itself in the net trade of a country ( if you have the same currency ) . 
  if two countries have different currencies and one of them has a big trade deficit with the other , the currency of the country with the deficit loses value over time , which effectively lowers salaries and living standard , until the trade deficit is zero again . 
  when both countries have the same currency , the country with lower productivity ( which causes the deficit ) ca n't devaluate . 
  it has to cut its spending and salaries , until they are equal to their productivity again . 
  spending cuts and less income are highly unpopular , as they are very obvious to the population . 
  if your currency loses value ( inflation ) , it 's not so obvious , as your paycheck stays ( nominally ) the same . 
  both methods are effectively the same ( you can buy less stuff ) , but one of them leads to political unrest ( see greece ) . 
  all the wealth and living standard of a nation is determined by their productivity . 
  low productivity -  poor country high productivity -  rich country greece took up loans to increase its living standard , without increasing its productivity ( do you know any valuable products that are produced in greece ? 
  olive oil , maybe ) . 
  germany produces lots of valuable stuff other people want to buy , which leads to a higher standard of living . 
  the net trade of both countries with the rest of the world shows it quite nicely . 
  [ greece ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-balance-of-trade.png?s=gktbale&amp;d1=20010101&amp;d2=20151231 ) as a huge deficit , as their productivity is low . 
  [ germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-balance-of-trade.png?s=grtbale&amp;d1=19500101&amp;d2=20151231 ) has a huge surplus , as their productivity is high . 
  even higher then their already high salaries . 
  all the problem we have right now in the eurozone , are caused by this differences in productivity . 
  both situations in the respective countries are not sustainable , as a trade surplus leads to bad relations to other countries , and a deficit leads to a fucked up country in the long run ( the german nazis came to power , because of a very similar situation in germany in the 1920-30 ) . 
  the sad thing is , that in this constellation , the german workers get also fucked , although way less then the greek workers . 
  the german salaries ( and standard of living ) should be way higher to catch up with their productivity . 
  the greek workers salaries should be lower , but unions and the workers ( understandably ) ca n't accept that . 
  so the unemployment goes up to unsustainable levels . 
  this causes riots , hate and extremist parties get voted into government . 
   are we competing ourselves to death ? 
  as i laid out above , i hope , the situation is sadly not that simple . 
  when you lower your productivity the standard of living goes down , unfortunately ( this lead to a lot of riots and rebellions in the history of mankind ) . 
  as china , india and other developing countries want the same standard of living as the west , we have to compete with them , which leads to the same mechanism as above . 
  so we have to either cut salaries and costs or increase our productivity to stay competitive . 
  the good thing is that wealth is virtually unlimited , as it is determined by productivity , with better technologies ( simple tools -  machines -  steam engine -  robots -  computer -  nano and bio tech -  science-fiction stuff , we have n't even imagined yet ) , at least until the heat death of the universe ;-) . 
  he sure has the looks , but his arguments are reasonable in my opinion . 
  he says , greek productivity is too low , which forces the greek to cut salaries to get competitive ( happening right now ) . 
  at the same time such cuts would cause huge uprising in the greek population ( happening right now ) . 
  the only other way to bring salaries and productivity on the same level is through the backdoor , by inflating and devaluating their currency ( as euro member , they ca n't ) , he argues . 
  his conclusion is that greece has to leave the eurozone to get back on track . 
  because they 're special or something . 
  hans-werner ( chef of ifo-institute ) argues , that greece ca n't be succesful , while staying in the euro . 
  he argues that the greek trade deficit and impossibility of devalueing their currency , would render any bailout pointless in the long run . 
   extended hold on the debt repayments agreed , and the eu does that already , in some sense . 
  someone ( in another post , i think ) , pointed out that greece is already paying way less on it 's way bigger debt , then portugal or italy  financial support for the poorest to alleviate suffering i 'm all for it . 
  ( maybe an fund directly financed by the eu ? 
  sort of [ like this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/welthungerhilfe ) , but for all eu citizens ? 
  i 'm sure you can easily find support in the richer countries for this )  some kind of eu investment fund to kickstart the greek economy seems reasonable , as long as we can avoid getting the greek government involved . 
   fighting corruption and tax evasion in greece that 's a no brainer . 
  i think we two are pretty much on the same page with all of this . 
  :-) we just seem to have differing opinions on the cause , i guess ? 
  they were pretty excited to join it . 
  after they joined they grew [ laughably fast ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-gdp.png?s=wgdpgree&amp;d1=19600101&amp;d2=20151231 ) . 
  [ export rose . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-exports.png?s=gktbexe&amp;d1=20010101&amp;d2=20151231 ) the problem is that they [ bought much more shit ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-balance-of-trade.png?s=gktbale&amp;d1=20010101&amp;d2=20151231 ) then they actually could pay for . 
  that is all , really . 
  what would you propose to get greece back up ? 
   it could be paid back if the economy is given room to grow again . 
  maybe , but what should we try to grow there ? 
  if the greeks get another cut , they just take up more loans again to make gifts to their electorate ( [ this is an interesting read ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/die-gegenwart/schuldenkrise-in-griechenland-chronik-des-desasters-13686169.html ) , how rotten to the core their whole government is , even ignoring the rampant tax evasion ) . 
  if we demand reform , they cry about their democracy and sovereignity being undermined ( ha ! ) . 
  their huge debt is the only thing we , the rest of europe , have to pressure them to cut their corruption and overspending down . 
  that is why the troika denied another cut . 
  that is why tsipras demands one . 
  this whole affair is just a big joke . 
  on a different note , ireland was growing 4.8 % in 2014 again , after they cut down their excesses . 
  how much drama did you hear from there ? 
  it 's always just the oh so special greek government throwing bullshit around . 
  as you can see on the chart you posted , their debt was growing faster than their gdp by quite a lot , even before the crisis hit . 
  how can it be that their gdp grows so much , and debt still grows faster ? 
  they blew up public sector and pumped loans into the economy , without creating anything of long-term value . 
  if their ability to spend is any clue , wooohooo . 
  they can take it up themselves . 
   and yet their debt level remained stable from 1994 to 2007 , the beginning of the banking crisis that 's exactly my point . 
  their debt remained at 100 % of gdp the whole time , but their gdp doubled between 2001 and 2008 . 
   we got was a 30 % reduction in economic activity and greece still needs credit all that nice economic activity greece , before the crisis hit , financed by loans . 
   something syriza itself keeps saying and yet he walks away from the table . 
   i am not familiar particulars of most of those cases , but they do seem worth looking into .
