  then we see some articles showing us that `` it ai n't that bad here '' bullshit , or in case of this one that everyone is responsible but them . 
  it seems apologetic , and frankly quite racist . 
  fun fact . 
  you 're correct . 
  i 'll edit my post . 
  gives 403 forbidden, 
  i doubt that they care about fame . 
  did you know that the [ hagia sophia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hagia_sophia ) was build by the byzantines as a christian church ? 
  their goal is not to divide and scare us . 
  their goal is islamist rule over the world , so their paradise can happen . 
  and they are winning . 
  division and fear is just a tool . 
  is n't it weird that we blame everyone but the community and its inhabitants for letting this happen ? 
  am i taking crazy pills ? 
  if you do n't want to see discussion , why are you opening the comment section ? 
  as far as i can tell , a lot of majority muslim countries wants to see them dead or in prison . 
  so , no surprise . 
  edit : clarified, 
  then the article seems to be wrong , i guess . 
  so , in hamburg 20 % ( 15 % in bavaria ) of migrant children do n't speak german at home . 
  what does that say about their parents ? 
  what a success ... 
  everyone with an internet connection , 50 bucks and a supermarket nearby can build a bomb that kills dozens of people . 
  does n't change much . 
  most of them were still french or belgian . 
  make of that what you want ... 
  does n't make a difference . 
  they will find another `` brain '' . 
  ... so they murder a french jew ... 
   refusing to learn the language, 
  for some , that 's beside the point . 
  damn , are you really that uneducated , that you do n't even know when islam started ? 
  and yet they do n't . 
  he was well educated , went to an `` upper-class '' school in belgium and was described as well integrated by his classmates . 
  sounds pretty un-barbaric . 
  now , what do you need to make a normal person do something barbaric ? 
  my flair is very relevant in that regard . 
  turkey for example . 
  they have it easier than other migrants , but they can be rejected . 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article116111742/migrantenkinder-sprechen-immer-schlechter-deutsch.html translation : `` children of migrants are getting worse at speaking german '' - `` the skills in german of pupils with migration background are often not good enough for an education . 
  in many families is almost no german spoken . '', 
  well , i 'm in the mood for a nice discussion . 
   what you 're saying is neither of those though , ethnically --  jus sanguinis culturally --  does someone subscribe to european culture ( festivities , customs , behaviours , languages ) european values --  enlightenment , human rights , rule of law , seperation of state and church a piece of paper --  jus solis ( a piece of land )  you 're saying because his values are n't inherently european , he is not a european i never said that . 
  i made a list of cases in which i would consider someone european ( ethnical , cultural , values ) or so close to european that it would n't make a difference for me ** where ** they were born . 
  a piece of paper or land means nothing to me . 
   if you are raised in europe , surrounded by european friends , speak a european language , and have citizenry in europe you are a european . 
  if i 'm not raised in europe , but am surrounded by european friends , speak a european language , and have citizenship in a european country , would i be european ? 
  a nice example would be a german expat family working in japan , raising their kid there and surrounding it with other european expat children , while intending to return in 10-15 years . 
  is their child european ? 
  i would say yes . 
  what would you think ? 
   regardless of terror attacks it goes so much deeper than terror attacks . 
  they are just a sympton of a bigger problem . 
   shitty values `` enlightenment , human rights , rule of law , seperation of state and church '' ? 
  it 's so ... american of you to say that . 
  14th amendment and all that . 
  if you are interested and want to learn about a big difference between the us and europe ( + most of the world ) in citizenship , i 'd recommend these two wiki links : [ jus soli ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli ) [ jus sanguinis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis ), 
  well , atleast to the west . 
  because it 's sensationalist and lazy . 
  you could equally look at the image and say it is so bad in syria , poor ( the guys with sandals ) and rich ( the nicely dressed dude ) flee from the war , but take the conflict ( the gun ) with them in small amounts . 
  at the same time isis ( the rats ) is between them and our open border policy makes it impossible to seperate the normal people ( poor and rich ) from isis ( the rats ) . 
  also notice how huge the people are compared to the rats , visually showing the small percentage of radicals in the total population . 
  that could be one interpretation . 
  but that does n't generate clicks . 
  so let 's just throw some nazi comparisons in there , add a ton of outraged people of twitter ( wow , i 'm sure those are scarce ) and tada , you generated artificial conflict and traffic . 
  sensationalist and lazy . 
  : if we would use the size of noses as measurement for racism [ asterix would be `` mein kampf '' / s ] ( http://www.asterix.com/asterix-de-a-a-z/les-dossiers-thematiques/images/hall.gif ), 
  would n't that make suicide bombers , blowing themselves up for allah with their full knowledge , believing muslims ? 
  i know what you mean and i agree that the west reacted that way , because russia might be responsible . 
  the thing is that russia is still a normal country and in many ways similar to the west . 
  they even came quite close to the west in the last decades , including to my country . 
  that 's why this created such an outrage . 
  after years of peaceful coexistence russia suddenly might was responsible for the death of hundreds of , mostly dutch i believe , civillians , while being a normal country . 
  isis are cunts and insane . 
  blowing up planes of innocent civilians is what they do . 
  there is no controversy and conflict the media can create , if you know what i mean . 
  edit : damn , trying to make a nice argument that not just dismisses the other side and i get downvotes, 
  i do n't think that is a fair comparison . 
  the ukraine plane received so much attention , because it was quite possible that russia was directly or indirectly ( by sending rockets ) responsible for it , which is a pretty serious thing . 
  the russian plane was , i far as i can tell , shutdown by isis in egypt . 
  isis is responsible . 
  they are cunts and everyone knows that . 
  while true , if rt would have written this it would n't be less true ( the claims of the article ) . 
  i 'd guess if that article was n't written by the bbc , but rt or something , they would cry `` bad journalism '' and dismiss it automatically . 
  here they ca n't -  auto-downvote , does n't comply with my views , should n't be seen by anyone, 
  to quote john stewart : `` sensationalist and lazy '', 
  that is the cover of the second largest satirical magazine in germany . 
  they ship 50 % more copies than charlie hebdo and are well known in germany . 
  i read the guidelines and could n't find a point in them which would apply here . 
  except you would say that charlie hebdo is low quality ... 
  a fanatic fundamentalist who enjoys the suffering of other people ? 
  why ? 
  ethnicly ? 
  culturally?no . 
  do they atleast share and respect european values ? 
  your guess . 
  i really do n't know what makes them european . 
  a piece of paper ? 
  turn on cnn . 
  they cover it right now .
