  well , contrary to some other people in this thread , i think this is a legitimate question . 
  first , what are our options : 1 . 
  kill them all on their little boats : possible , but contrary to basic human rights and european ideas , also shitty on every level imaginable . 
  take them all in : possible , but also not economicaly or politically feasible as there are a lot of people in africa and the middle east living way below european standarts . 
  also , the cultural impact of so many people , that often are n't even literate , is at best negative . 
  send them all back : hardly possible , as most of them got the message that illigitimate refugees , economic refugees in particular , will be send back to their home countries , therefore they just say nothing when questioned . 
  send them to camps til further information about them is aquired : possible , but expensive . 
  this would require some level of european solidarity with the most impacted countries , namely italy , spain , greece and monetary helps to manage it . 
  ( this seem to be the way we are going at the moment , in my opinion ) 5 . 
  improve the economic development in their home countries : difficult , but possible . 
  africa had some nice growth in the last years . 
  this could probably be improved even further . 
  by that we would make an incentive to stay in their home countries . 
  but then again , it 's africa and the next dictatorship is n't far away probably . 
  i would say these are the options we have . 
  considering that we have some historic precedent ( [ migration period ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/migration_period ) ) a solution should come fast and decisive before we are not able to have an influence on the matter anymore . 
  in my humble opinion the best way to handle it with this shitty options , would be the 5 . option , as that would alleviate the biggest economic , cultural and political difficulties europe could expect , while still being in line with human rights and the european spirit . 
  thoughts or opinions ? 
  some translation for the headline and maybe a short summary would be nice . 
  to my shame my italian is nonexistent and google translates output is giberish . 
  i think , he tries to play a game against people way out of his league , who also do n't like to play games . 
  i mean before that . 
  the money of the german and french banks lended to the greek . 
  where did it go ? 
  apart from believing them or not , they may have no more say in the matter of staying in the euro after today , whatever will be voted . 
  but then some of the greeks could n't cry about them beeing victims anymore !, 
  nobody wants that !, 
  i do n't know , either . 
  ( no s ), 
  on what was all that money spent , that the greeks got from the banks in the first place ? 
  how is it to be part of the west ( eu ) now in comparison ? 
  retard says what ? 
  yes . 
  who needs money right now except greece ? 
  which other country did default ? 
  i think , you give the greek economy way too much credit ( pun not intended ) here . 
  their whole economic output is lower then d\u00fcsseldorf-rhein-ruhr by 30 % . 
  and that is just one german city/region you probably never heard of . 
  europe will be fine . 
  reboot : #root @root : cat / log/truth . txt `` he did n't . '', 
  i ca n't see any of that . 
  top is pretty much anti germany and anti austerity plus some unrelated stuff . 
  to the opinion voiced by this clip : `` poor greece : : sniff : : we should give them money ! '', 
  that is the depth of it . 
  does that seem interesting to you ? 
  as the whole thing was just an opinion piece , with a very onesided message and pretty much no new views on the crisis , what did you expect ? 
  tells you something about the unimportance of the greek economy . 
  even if they get thrown out , the rest of europe will be fine . 
  lawful ? 
  it 's astounding , how blatant the emotional manipulation has become . 
  do you have a better solution ? 
  you lack the intelligence to make an intelligent statement , but you make a lot of statements , i give you that . 
  what 's the deal with these weird americans sometimes ... 
  what 's the deal with these weird americans sometimes ... 
  please stop being a stereotype . 
  honest to god , i beg you . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40rhp6/all_mayors_are_men_and_white_municipalities_with/ ), 
  they 're voting white dutch male . 
  you do n't like that . 
  what else do you think you 're saying ? 
  did n't they raid hundreds of long time monitored houses after paris and found tons of weapons including a fucking grenade launcher ? 
  if they did the same before the attacks there may have been 1 ak less and a dozen lifes saved . 
  i do n't agree with it . 
  i just try to explain why the politicians act the way they do . 
  do n't know about dangerous , but it grew considerably from foreign nationals in recent years ( +14 % in one year ) , but went down slightly in total ( -2 % ) . 
  42 million germans are over 40 years old . 
  18 million are between 18 and 40 years old . 
  12 million are under 18 . 
  and yes , the total of 72 million is correct . 
  the rest ( 8.8 million ) are foreign nationals who work or live in germany without citizenship or for limited time ( refugees ) . 
  they also have a similar age distribution . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_resistance_to_nazism `` approximately 77,000 german citizens were killed for one or another form of resistance '' you really think turkey is special , do n't you ? 
  and the federal republic germany was founded in 1949 . 
  you see , the nazis were never german . 
  / s god , you fucking people . 
  do you speak german ? 
  i would n't want to invest time to search for the links , if you would just ignore it as `` not an english source '' . 
  if that 's not the case i will . 
   turkey committed some atrocities like pretty much every modern country but genocide was n't one of them . 
  what i meant with `` do n't worry '' is , that spiegel is the magazine for the upper-middle class , white left . 
  literally . 
  that 's their target demographic and they know it . 
  the rich german left goes there to tell themselves how progressive they are , hence why such sentences should be expected , and not be too much of a worry . 
  that 's a standard sentence that is always written in spiegel articles . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  as far as i know , they agree to take in christian syrians . 
  how is that possible , if they 're so racist ? 
  really ? 
  still in denial about armenia ? 
  it 's the same thing as with terrorist really . 
  sure , there are european terrorist , but the majority has a very specific background . 
  those are good points you make , but you really underestimate the situation . 
  you 're from brazil , a young country . 
  in germany , we have something called generation contract . 
  basically the younger generations pay the pensions for the older people . 
  the now older people did the same before . 
  the difference is , that the now old people did n't bother to have children , which destroys the generation contract . 
  to go further , most also did n't bother to save privately for their pensions . 
  [ here is a nice page for age distribution in germany ] ( https://www.destatis.de/bevoelkerungspyramide/#!y=2028 ) .
