  your link even says that two sentences further up ( `` foreign nationals : 7.7 % '' ) . 
  these are the foreigners the police statistic is talking about . 
  and if you call 24 % crime with 7.7 % population a weak correlation you 're not only a selective reader but quite frankly simply delusional . 
  to add to your little assesment of lower classes , japanese immigrants have higher income than native germans on average . 
  how could that be ? 
  are the germans suddenly not racist anymore ? 
  dude , come on . 
  your argument was that the left ruled for years and there are still nation states in europe , and i said that the very existence of the eu ( schengen , eugh , commission , etc. ), 
  is very the anti thesis of your statement . 
  i do n't know what else to tell you , really ... by they way , no to both . 
  i 'd be considered a socialist , atleast by americans . 
  i would normally totally agree with you , but in the context of this specific issue it gets a bit ridiculous , including unapologetic censorship of differing opinions . 
  incidentally the top comment we are replying to is now deleted . 
  xd you people amaze me . 
  rough translation : `` ignoring crimes specific to foreigners , the rate of foreign suspects is 24.3 percent ( 2013 : 22.6 percent ) . '', 
  i know you try hard and all but that 24 percent of suspects of all crimes are foreigners really should tell you something . 
  and that rate is going up even if we ignore crimes specific to foreigners . 
  ... and then the people chose to drop them . 
  dude , not being racist and all is cool , but the same statistic where the `` 2 % down '' comes from adds up all crime by german and not-german offenders . 
  in the very same statistic ( [ here ] ( https://www.bka.de/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks__node.html?__nnn=true ) ) it is said that crimes committed by non-germans is up 14.7 percent . 
  this pc shit really gets ridiculous by now . 
  is n't the eu the ultimate institution to tear down borders and equalize european nations ? 
  dude , why are you punching yourself ? 
  i do n't know if you speak german but if you 'd read the spiegel-online you 'd know why many ca n't understand your comment . 
  my comment was actually meant to defend the german guys not doing enough to defend their women , but when i look at the downvotes that was either not clear or i miss something . 
  how should they 've defended their loved ones ? 
  violence ? 
  congratulations , you got sued for battery ( maybe add a hate crime there , too ) . 
  getting away ? 
  they were surrounded . 
  speaking out after the fact ? 
  oh boy , lets hope you got critical mass here , 30-60 at the same time atleast or you will get ignored or called a racist . 
  wow , when the spiegel now actually asks for a debate about refugees , you know that shit hit the fan, 
  your views in regard to residency seem wierd to me . 
  so , hypothetically , if you want to live in another country it 's a-ok to neither learn the language nor to live there for some reasonable amount of time before you can bring your family with you ? 
  could n't they apply for themselves ? 
  how would your daily routine look like without language skills ? 
  in terms of sharia your views seem wierd to me again . 
  would you dispute that sharia law demands dismemberment for stealing and death penalties for adultery ( by women only ) ? 
  do you dispute that women get halve as much as men in cases of inheritance ? 
  how much open mind do you need to see that as positive ? 
  and for your last paragraph , you do n't like that even the 10km views makes it look atrocious already ? 
  would you say that the demands now proposed are unreasonable ? 
  learning the language , having a job and a place to live ? 
  would you emigrate to a country assuming those are just provided for you ? 
   implied an unfounded negative intonation to it i 'm sorry that i implied that . 
  i should have been more explicit . 
  sharia is a fucked up system and ca n't be a basis for human societies . 
  explicit enough , or should i cite some executions or dismemberments happening in sharia countries right now ? 
  interestingly enough , i brought it up as an example for the sheer amount of people who would be allowed refuge under current laws . 
  you were quite insistent about me mentioning it though . 
  is n't that convenient . 
  something is written in wikipedia therefor it is wrong or something ? . 
  please be more explicit , do n't imply so much . 
  do n't worry , noone is reading this . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but you seem to be pretty young . 
  the system they take advantage of is not the social security system , but the country itself . 
  germany or finland , the country , as a system is objectively better than most of the poor countries , hence they try to take advantage of it . 
  that it is not particular to syria might be true , but it is very much written in response to syrian refugees . 
  i would recommend [ this page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee ) for a first hint what a refugee is . 
  for an idea of what i 'm talking about when i say sharia , i 'd recommend these wiki pages : [ sharia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia ) [ application of sharia law by country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/application_of_sharia_law_by_country ) [ human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights ) and just for fun , have you ever read the [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ ) ? 
   to take advantage of the system true  not actually trying to contribute to it . 
  false they surely want to take advantage of the system , the system being the federal republic of germany . 
  they also probably try to contribute , does n't mean they can . 
  no skills in german , debatable other skills , syria was n't very high on education before this whole mess . 
  sure , some are highly educated , but what about the rest ? 
  what could they do ? 
  clean windows ? 
  to go further , the precedent this creates is very much dangerous . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people living in poverty or danger of prosecution . 
  with current laws , every person living under sharia law is able to demand refuge . 
  sure , it feels nice to help people by taking them in , but by doing so we create a dangerous situation for our social systems . 
  and it will get worse the longer it goes on . 
  what is my argument ? 
  sarcasm , the best argument you could come up with, 
  economic reasons do n't necessarily equate to job prospects . 
  it seems weird that they all want to go to sweden and germany , does n't it ? 
  sex ! = children, 
  you make the assumption that job prospects are one of their main concerns ... 
  well , it seems the west does n't really obfuscate what they want . 
  isis , on the other hand , publishes some bullshit and lots of people jump on and assume they know what they want . 
  now they try to act in accordance to those wishes ( or rather against it ) . 
  what if isis wants the west to act tolerant and continue to let them do their thing , while stating the opposite ? 
  you see where this goes ? 
  you can always spin your reasons and goals , hence why it is pretty useless to even consider their goals . 
  look at your goals and act accordingly . 
  i would consider 5 + % radicals as obscene . 
  if you even start to consider what terrorists want , you have already lost . 
  the french think it is extremely important that all government officials hide their religious beliefs while at work . 
  as i understand it , the employees should show no sign of favouring one side or another . 
  if this small requirement is already too much for some , it reflects very negatively on their willingness to conform to their employer , the french republic , hence their `` integrity '' . 
  i 'd think it forces them to weigh their religion against a well payed government job . 
  if you 're that religiously conservative that taking of a simple piece of cloth while working is already too much , what does that say about their integrity as an employee of the state ? 
  i would n't call arte `` rotten meat '' . 
   still better than this mtv reality tv shit . 
  wtf , why ? 
  i 'd agree that he is a bad police officer , but i do n't see how that justifies the situation we see currently . 
  their community seems to be widely supportive , or atleast accepting , of fundamentalist views held by isis . 
  i ca n't accept that a bad police officer , poor governance or some preacher automatically means that fundamentalist islam grabs hold in a community . 
  what does that say about their resillience against anti-democratic movements ?
