  geez , jessica is no joke . 
  i love you , jojo !, 
  ohhhh noooo !, 
  love you always , baby joanne !, 
  mad coach targaryen is mad . 
  i 'm glad the mad coach got kicked but i 'm afraid werdum will not get away with that . 
  or maybe just cracking jokes because , you know , that 's normally what parody accounts do . 
  you do n't run your mouth at fighters ever , period . 
  particularly when you 're built like a little bitch and the other guy is huge but edmond has shit for brains . 
  haha that 's an accurate depiction of what happened . 
  i kind of feel bad for browne but at the same time not really , he 's the one making the active decision of sticking with that weirdo . 
  ahhh this is the most reasonable explanation on the issue i 've read so far . 
  seems fair enough to me . 
  it makes perfect sense to me . 
  i do n't train myself , but i 've heard fighters being asked to talk about how their fight went and they just go `` i need to watch it to see what happened '' . 
  i can only assume a lot of the things they do are second nature to them so they just do them without giving it too much thought , same with whatever punches/offense in general they receive , and on top of that all the adrenaline ... 
  i can see why the experience can be somewhat confusing to some . 
  then again , i 've never trained so this is all just an assumption from my part . 
  which is why i do n't feel all that bad for him . 
  his stupid ass is the one who chose pussy over a good camp . 
  leaving greg jackson for edmond tarverdyan just to get in the pants of a mentally unstable woman ? 
  haha sorry , corrected . 
  i love ralph , btw . 
  seriously , that was a fuck up on so many levels . 
  i 'm glad werdum still won the decision because he had technically already won the fight . 
  oh dear , no , i know it 's hard and it 's easier said than done but you got ta stay strong . 
  if you really ca n't , do n't knock off the possibility of seeing a good doctor and maybe even getting some pills ; speaking from experience , psychological therapy did n't do much for me in the past and had to take meds to help me cope with depression . 
  i 'm in a much better place now , not exactly where i 'd love to be but it 's getting easier . 
  i 'm really sorry you 're going through this , and being from a third world country myself as well , i can relate to the powerlessness you 're experiencing . 
  best of luck , love . 
  i believe in you and believe you can work towards a better future for yourself . 
  keep your head up !, 
  savage . 
  can confirm , this happens in mexico all the time . 
  in fact , my grandma has done that herself . 
  that was the part that cracked me the fuck up from the entire incident . 
   edmund is creepy and hilarious at the same time . 
  just creepy to me . 
  as soon as i heard that `` amaaaaaazing reaach '' i fucking closed the tab . 
  fuck him , he legit creeps me out . 
  this is one of the greatest gifs i 've seen here . 
  they then procceded to make out and then she puked on his entire face . 
  i think i saw him gag and chew some of what she puked in his mouth but i 'm not sure because at this point i was squinting in hopes i could n't watch any of it anymore as i tried to close the tab . 
  i 'm usually good at handling disgusting stuff but this one was too much , reading some of the other comments it seems i made it almost all the way to the end but fuck it , i squinted so hard and nope 'd the fuck out . 
  that was fucking nasty , dude . 
  hey !, 
  why would you tell me about this ? 
  now i 'm curious ... 
  hahaha weirdo . 
  i 've laughed in the past at gross stuff but this one really fucked with me . 
  i was relatively fine until he started gagging which in turn made me gag . 
  i laughed at myself gagging though , i honestly did n't expect it . 
  what if i 've watched a fuck ton of porn but still have no clue who she is ? 
  because that 's literally me and , not to be a hater , but by the looks of it , she looks like the type of women i try to avoid looking at when i watch porn , i do n't find plastic surgery all that attractive . 
  it 's just a matter of personal preference , which is why i 'm usually browsing the amateur section ... 
  so yeah , as shocking as it might be to you , not everyone is familiar with this lady . 
  i like v\u00edctor d\u00e1vila too . 
  werdum and d\u00e1vila are a pretty cool commentating couple . 
  the other ones ( mario delgado , goyito p\u00e9rez ) i 'm not a huge fan of . 
  delgado sounds way too passive for my taste and goyito does n't really contribute too much to the commentary . 
  overall it 's a pretty solid commentary team though , i believe . 
  i 'm not that young but then again , i 've never been into pornstars , i prefer regular people . 
  of course i know some really big names but i still do n't watch their stuff too much , particularly when it 's dead obvious they 've undergone plastic surgery . 
  nothing against it , it 's just not what i like . 
  [ that 's how we salute our flag ] ( http://images.budgettravel.com/2010042703738mexicofans.jpg ) . 
  when he extended his arm , he was just doing this `` hi '' type of motion . 
  so no , * he did n't . 
  no , he did n't . 
  i mean , you can make whatever you want out of it in your head , but it was n't a nazi salute . 
  it was the mexican flag salute followed by a salute to the crowd . 
  fact . 
  he 's trained boxing champions . 
  or so i recall him claiming anyway ... 
  speaking entirely for myself , i 've been doing them for about 6 months and never once had anything other than my glutes hurt ( in the `` this is working '' type of way ) while i did them , or after . 
  just like every other exercise , bad form can fuck you up badly , and i 'm assuming doing hip thrusts wrong could definitely hurt your back . 
  hip thrusts are as bad for your back as squats are bad for your back and knees if you do it all wrong . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/667b-hqnsge ) te advierto que son 2 min de tu vida que jam\u00e1s recuperar\u00e1s . 
  fuck your hand . 
  [ yep , he did . 
  `` one of them '' is an understatement . 
  there were 3 people involved , two kids and an adult . 
  one of the kids got crushed by the helicopter . 
  the other kid and the adult ( actor vic morrow ) [ got decapitated ] ( https://zippy.gfycat.com/neatrightamericansaddlebred.mp4 ) . 
  needless to say , all three of them died . 
  u/jesseerawr , there you go !, 
   roy nelson looks like shit 100 % of the time , no amount of tanning is going to help that dude . 
  well , you know what these guys meant . 
  do n't go to the complete opposite side of the fitness spectrum haha, 
  same exact thing for me . 
  it was n't even that she made a joke about his death , it was the fact that it was such a terrible joke with poor delivery and it felt to me like she just threw it in there for shock value . 
  had it been a funny joke , i would have been like `` wow , that was a terrible thing to make fun of but damn , i chuckled '' . 
  nope , it was just all around horrible . 
  and i just find her generally annoying and unfunny . 
  little faggots ? 
  hahahaha what ? 
  how angry are you ? 
  is there anything you want to get off your chest or are you fine now ? 
   mexico has been so adamant in criticizing donald trump as a racist for his comments regarding mexican immigrants in the united states , but have failed to address and acknowledge its own systematic racism against mexicans of afro descent . 
  well , it was n't a very well played role , imho . 
  ughh that made me cringe just thinking about it .
