  favorite finish of the card . 
  people were shitting on leah for some reason so this was even more satisfying to me . 
  that was cool . 
  i would n't say great but it was fun , at least . 
  it still left me with a bad taste in my mouth . 
  i need a rematch . 
  they were calling her rose pearson in the live thread . 
  it was pretty funny . 
  unless haga appeals and the result gets overturned , hopefully . 
  if not , then the rematch . 
  it was a fun scrap . 
  the funny thing is as i was watching her fight , i kept wondering where have i seen her before , she looked so familiar to me . 
  then i read that `` rose pearson '' comment and i nearly died laughing . 
  alright , let 's say she was n't gassed and her cardio was on point . 
  does that invalidate everything i said ? 
  legit question , because like i said , i do n't see how she beats holly . 
  it looks to me like she does n't move her head and goes after her opponents , which plays right into holly 's forte , which is counter striking . 
  again , all i see from megan are hard shots and i do n't think holly has a weak chin so what difference does it make if megan can hang all the way to rd 5 with the same energy as she did in rd 1 ? 
  not that much , from where i see it . 
  boxing has sergio and that 's it ? 
  then i 'd say mma , easily . 
  i remember when they asked the same question in a thread and we almost unanimously agreed on at least 4 people : luke , gsp , chad mendes and carlos condit . 
  and what about mr. finland ? 
  i think he 's a super solid contender in the looks department . 
  and of course i would add # 1 p4p hottest man on the face of the earth and future father of my children ( not really but get outta here and leave me alone ) ilir latifi . 
  and i do n't find him attractive at all but i do recall mcgregor making it to r/ladyboners so there 's that . 
  i think mma is hotties galore of combat sports . 
  you know what , ilir ? 
  you can do no wrong in my eyes so go ahead and chase your dreams , bby . 
  the sky is the limit . 
  just stay shirtless forever and it 's all good . 
  on a more serious note though , i do n't really think i want to see him in hw . 
  he 's for sure stocky and therefore heavy but i do n't know how he would do with everyone being so tall ( in comparison to him ) and hitting like a goddamn truck . 
  does anyone currently in hw not have ko power ? 
  serious question . 
  all i know is i do n't want to see what we saw last time vs bader . 
  shit was brutal :(, 
  edit : a word . 
  no , i 'm 100 % not kidding haha he 's the prototype of the perfect man for me . 
  i 'll tell you what , i did forget . 
  how rude of me !, 
  jouban is an actual model so he 's obviously hot not just by mma standards but by mainstream ones . 
  beat that , boxing . 
  yeah . 
  for me , it 's how he 's built . 
  for everyone else , i do n't know . 
  but yes , his name kept being mentioned over and over . 
  i do n't know what to tell you haha \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  or the skin ? 
  i heard he likes to stay moisturized . 
  hmmm i would have to watch her other fights again but from my recollection , she does rely heavily on her reach and power so she 's usually the aggressor . 
  she 's not * super * aggressive to the point she bullrushes though . 
  i think she 's calculated in the sense that she pulls the trigger when she smells blood but just in general she 's not a passive fighter who just waits for the other person to come to her . 
  but she does n't move her head . 
  actively seeking to initiate exchanges + no head movement vs holly is what makes me hesitant to pick megan in that bout . 
  that 's like a dream match for a counter striker , right ? 
  but just like you , i could be off base because i 'm just talking from what i remember and what i 've personally noticed . 
  but then again , i 'm not familiar with gdr so who knows , maybe she 'll be the title holder and we should actually be discussing megan vs gdr instead of megan vs holly . 
  and also i 'm not knowledgeable like others around here so maybe i 'm spewing copious amounts of nonsense . 
  i guess all i 'm trying to say is megan 's striking is n't as technically sound as holly 's . 
  all i would be worried about is if holly can take hard shots . 
  if she can , i think she should be safe . 
  that 's just how i see it . 
  this is the exact fight that came to my mind . 
  ashlee never tapped but she was clearly unconscious when the round was over . 
  this fight 's result made no fucking sense to me . 
  really ? 
  i hope she really does . 
  what a shitty situation . 
  no idea what you 're referring to . 
  seriously , this one flew over my head completely . 
  nope , i legitimately do n't . 
  ahh well , see , that 's where you lost me because i 've never followed said podcasts . 
  i am definitely aware of their existence and i know both guys ( `` brandon schwab '' threw me off completely ) but that 's about it . 
  i 've never followed either one of them . 
  literally the only two clips i 've ever watched of rogan 's podcast were 1 ) when he figuratively kisses ronda 's ass telling her her ko win over bethe was like witnessing history and 2 ) when he tells cerrone ronda 's striking is so technical and she 's super hot and cowboy replies that she 's a shitty striker and she 's not hot at all . 
  i 've actually quoted the infamous `` how daaare you ?! '', 
  myself . 
  as far as schaub goes , no clue what he does outside of fighting but unbeknownst to me , i 'm his female counterpart , apparently . 
  i can only wish and hope that 's not an insult haha, 
  well , shit . 
  it is what it is . 
  and since i do n't know how we 're similar , it 's not like i can do anything about it but i 'm sure i wo n't be losing any sleep over that so yeah , no biggie . 
  moving on !, 
  if he loses perhaps he should but honestly i do n't think lewis should be that big of a challenge for browne . 
  i think lewis is really one dimensional and browne just has more tools on his arsenal but who knows because well , you know ... edmond \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  exactly , that 's why i 'm doubtful . 
  in theory , travis is the better fighter , after all he used to be a serious contender in the division so he should win this fight easily , but in practice who the fuck knows , instead of improving he has gotten worse and what should be a sure thing ( him winning ) is now a very unsure thing . 
  what a shitty spot to be in but hey , that 's what you get for choosing mad coach targaryen over greg jackson . 
  crazy beautiful work . 
  yep , hard to feel bad for a guy who used the head of his penis instead of the head on his shoulders to pick a fighting camp . 
  maybe he does but he 's way too pussy whipped to change camps . 
  except ronda was destroying opponents left , right and center in a matter of seconds , was good looking enough to be marketed as eye candy and had the whole olympic medallist history to justify getting a title shot so early in her career ; and like you said , the rest is history . 
  she did get the belt and then proceeded to defend it multiple times . 
  julianna on the other hand is an extremely delusional person who thinks beating 4 opponents with a combined record of 4-11 in the ufc ( only one of them being in the top 10 , two of them unranked and the other on a 4 fight losing streak ) should warrant her a title shot and that a fight vs the rightful # 1 contender is senseless and pretty much a disservice to her and her achievements . 
  on top of that , say what you will about ronda , but unlike pe\u00f1a , she does n't get intoxicated in bars and picks up fights with random men and inappropriately touches women . 
  if she does , then i must have missed it . 
  being a so-so fighter and an asshole does n't sit well with the public . 
  i do n't know why you think ronda 's and julianna 's cases are even remotely similar . 
  and i do n't know what makes you think the issue is as straightforward as picking on someone just because they expressed interest on fighting for a shot ; she did n't ask for it , she 's * demanding * it as if the company owed her anything personally .
