  you 'll love it . 
  like robert pattinson and his role as a shiny vampire in twilight . 
  you could tell he genuinely despised that character and come to think of it , that 's been the most succesful gig in his career . 
   imagine trying to fight while holding in half a deuce . 
  oh the visuals . 
  i lost it there . 
  even weirder that she said she would not leave a gina carano void , how anticlimactic would that be ? 
  very , imho . 
  does tito still manage her ? 
  i thought not : o, 
  aww his little kitteh toes as he 's trying to reach the floor , so cute < 3, 
  the little face at the end kinda tells me he/she was being facetious , plus the hella specific time span mentioned . 
  aww no , you do n't . 
  i will admit the time span caught me off guard , i thought `` dude , get outta here , who counts the months they 've been watching fights ? 
  '' , and then it hit me . 
  if anything you look like someone nice who provided an actual answer instead of taking the `` learn2google '' route . 
  anyway , let 's hope khabib stays healthy so no one has to spend an extra x amount of months watching fights without * knowing * who khabib is . 
  come on , bro . 
  let us see that funky little hat of yours !, 
  i 'm game !, 
  * [ maternal smooch ] *, 
  ohmygod did you do this ? 
  who did this ? 
  amazing . 
  oh dear , that is horrible , even more so because you were doing something nice that you enjoyed . 
  it 's so cool that there is a glimpse of hope though . 
  wishing you the very best in life , i hope you can truly fully recover . 
  bless your heart and your determination < 3, 
  not idiots . 
  your determination and will to leave your bad experiences behind and move forward is what separates you sporty people from the rest of us mortals . 
  i 'm a gigantic pussy so if i ever get injured doing anything , i 'll probably never want to do that particular thing . 
  but see , that 's why i might end up being a big loser who never tried many fun things in life because i was too scared of getting hurt . 
  not you though . 
  you rule :d, 
  whoa , for reals ? 
  that sounds awesome !, 
  i hope i 'm still alive by the time that happens . 
  sounds like a pretty damn good gameplan . 
  not just ridiculous but more like complete and absolutely ridiculous , really . 
  well , you do you , ms winslow . 
  # 2hot4me, 
  you are arm goals . 
  keep it up , beautiful !, 
  works in mexico too . 
  when i was a young kid ? 
  i still drive like an absolute idiot in racing games . 
  pedal to the metal , squeeee !, 
  * [ crashes all over the place ] *, 
  if you watched it relatively fast ( you mentioned the span of a week , so i 'm assuming you watched about a season per day - like me ! ), 
  you might want to watch it again . 
  sounds crazy but there 's so much information and characters and such to digest that you might have missed it on your first watch . 
  lots of things made sense only after i watched the whole show a second time . 
  that 's just my advice . 
  anyway , enjoy !, 
  and welcome aboard the hype train !, 
  haha exactly , happened to me which is why i watched everything again . 
  in retrospect , because you basically already know the story , you can focus on smaller details rather than the broad idea . 
  you 'll enjoy it even more . 
  \\ #whitewalkers 4life, 
  i already knew ( read about it long ago ) but i still refer to it as funky little blond wig . 
  it 's pretty cool , i think . 
  same . 
  i feel like just because she has dragons and she 's the only live targaryen ( pretty much ) we 're supposed to like her and her story but no , i find it quite boring . 
  i feel like her storyline is so bland , but maybe because i had really high expectations regarding her character when i first started watching the show . 
  i 'm underwhelmed , really . 
  i love the lannisters , i was sad to see joffrey die . 
  sure , he was despicable , but he was such an interesting character and gleeson 's ( sp ? ), 
  acting was amazing . 
  same with tywin . 
  i think all of them are played superbly . 
  king 's landing is my favorite storyline , the coolest shit ( or the majority of my favorite scenes , anyway ) has happened there !, 
   what the actual fuck, 
  the entire show ( so far ) is filled with moments like that . 
  enjoy !, 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about her face but she 's definitely body goals for me . 
  straight up . 
  i did n't remember i owned this thing , i think i 'll tell my therapist about it next time i see him . 
  this could help explain some things ... 
  co main is happening right now . 
  are n't they married ? 
  i could have sworn they were married . 
  hmmm troy , anyone ? 
  geez , i almost forgot how juvenile felice came across in the show . 
  i was actually a fan of hers before the show but i got almost immediately turned off by the way she carried herself , like i said , juvenile . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could . 
  i wonder the same about swimming ; babies are naturally good swimmers . 
  rose never lost a fight during tuf . 
  he used to commentate every event , pretty much . 
  i do n't pay for the channel anymore so i do n't know if he does now . 
  he was fun to listen and came across as a very cool man . 
  that was so casual and they both looked so happy and pleased haha, 
  out of curiosity , why is it called that ? 
  haha no , definitely not . 
  lots of people have named their daughters khaleesi , apparently . 
  which sucks because that is n't even a name , it 's a title . 
  when the banner teasers came out , lots of people said that 's probably why you could hear him say in one of them `` winterfell is mine '' . 
  i actually kind of want to see that . 
  poor walda , though ... 
  really depressing . 
  it 's so strange that it did n't quite hit me until i saw the drawing with the crying bear ... to think there are children in that situation , goddamn , my heart sunk .
