  ortega looks like major hellstrom from inglourious basterds . 
  does guida ever run out of gas ? 
  guys , i blinked and i missed it . 
  lombard , please get up :(, 
  my heart is racing . 
  dom does n't look like his usual self . 
  holy shit , holy shit . 
  i 'm not even a bisping fan and i 'm so happy for him , what a fucking display . 
  hendo is not amused . 
  aww max congratulating dustin on being a daddy soon :3, 
  yes , that one does suck because her photos are genuinely iconic . 
  that ban truly makes my heart ache . 
  sure !, 
  i 'm absolutely sure you saw at least one of the [ more recent ones ] ( https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/xx6q9e-e9id9ay4risqsr3xxwee=/0x57:1920x1337/1310x873/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/47726807/135_ronda_rousey_vs_holly_holm.0.0.jpg ) . 
  her [ timing ] ( http://www.scifighting.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/esther-lin-mma-fighting.jpg ) seems to be impeccable , thus providing us with [ incredible material ] ( http://thegotchspecial.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/lin-knees.jpg ) . 
  she 's been a substantial part of this sport 's history by capturing [ unforgettable moments ] ( http://themmacorner.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/weidman-esther-lin-mma-fighting.jpg ) . 
  like i said , it 's such a shame ariel has been banned but one way or another he might be able to figure out a way to keep doing his job despite the ban . 
  esther ? 
  no way . 
  she captures images and now she wo n't even be able to witness them . 
  it makes me sick to my stomach that whoever called the shots in this situation decided it was a great idea to ban esther who has done nothing except giving us gems throughout the years . 
  fuck those people . 
   yeah ... banning a photographer is significantly diminishing their ability to make a living . 
  banning helwani is basically just petty . 
  exactly . 
  like i said in another comment ( and others have pointed out ) , although maybe a bit more difficult , it 's not impossible for ariel to continue to do his job . 
  i mean , he probably still has his contacts , right ? 
  in esther 's case , she ** has to ** be present in the events , she ca n't work from home even if she tried with all her might . 
  it 's so fucked up . 
  i hope they backpedal on this decision and leave her the fuck alone . 
  what did she do ? 
  nothing . 
  guilt by association is even more petty in this case . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm genuinely sad for her . 
  it 's like he 's having flashbacks and he 's fighting the urge to nuke him . 
  that 's exactly how i interpreted that , ariel wanted to blaze that trail . 
  i saw that and i thought it was so sweet . 
  as soon as dustin mentioned it , max immediately reacted in a way that seemed like he was so happy for him and almost excited . 
  it was refreshing to see a brief moment of genuine joy in that crazy presser . 
  best wishes to dustin in his new lifelong journey that is fatherhood , hopefully it 'll be a fun and happy ride . 
  mauricio has such nice teeth . 
  yep , and that 's when she went blind . 
  does she know though ? 
  maybe i missed something ( have n't watched any of the previous seasons in a loooong time ) but i 'm under the impression that none of the lannisters ( cersei in this particular case ) know nothing about any sort of betrayal by littlefinger . 
  now , varys is a different story . 
  and how is margaery cersei 2.0 ? 
  i do n't see any similarities between the two . 
  margaery is more of a schemer while cersei is more act first and think second . 
  burn them all ? 
  yes , hunto !, 
  i might be alone here but i do n't really care much about lesnar as much as i care about watching mark fight . 
  mark vs anyone is my jam , really . 
  give those horses an emmy . 
  right ? 
  if i were popular enough to have people talk shit to me on the regular , i honestly would n't even acknowledge them . 
  fuck that . 
  yes but realistically , that does n't mean she 's alive . 
  brienne pretty much got rid of the hound but could n't do anything about arya . 
  best case scenario ( actual scenario ) , she 's alive somewhere . 
  worst case , she 's not . 
  considering it 's not safe for adults to just wander around , it 's not crazy to assume arya is done . 
  again , for practical purposes , bran and arya are dead . 
  no one ( of importance to the overall story , anyway ) knows anything about their whereabouts . 
  exactly , that 's why i 'm saying for practical purposes , they 're dead . 
  we know they 're alive but it 's not like that 's even relevant considering they 're nowhere near winterfell and they 're dealing with their own shit . 
  who 's the warden of the north is the least of their concerns at the moment . 
  again , it does n't matter . 
  at all . 
  jon * does n't know * , he just heard of him from sam , but it 's safe to asume that bran is dead considering he went north of the wall . 
  jon knows it 's tough shit out there . 
  let 's face it , he ( bran ) has come pretty close to dying a few times . 
  it 's not crazy for jon to assume bran is dead . 
  sansa heard of arya through brienne , does n't mean arya is still alive . 
  it 's not crazy for sansa to assume arya is dead . 
  it 's not that complicated from where i see it . 
  [ makes perfect sense . 
  she did . 
  she specifically said she asked winslow why she had stopped the fight and winslow replied `` because your face looked like a mess '' . 
  it was definitely about that one fight . 
  it really was . 
  crowd was booing , the commentators sounded genuinely uncomfortable , it was terrible . 
  precisely . 
  why not vacate then ? 
  that would have been a hell of a lot easier , imho . 
  vacate and retire as ( arguably ) the goat . 
  oh , absolutely , and you know what ? 
  i do n't even know if i would argue it was * that * bad of a stoppage . 
  however , i can see how `` your face was a mess '' is a reason that would piss anyone off . 
  i mean , these are fighters , i 'm sure they do n't care if their face gets rearranged during a bout , particularly in one as important as that one was . 
   remember the northern houses still view taking the black as honorable . 
  `` cool '' more literally than figuratively . 
  for me it was her verbally tapping for d'alelio ( sp ? ) . 
  of course mazzagatti was the main culprit there but that left me with a bad impression of her . 
  and then i watched an interview where she lowkey bashed on phelps and that was it , i could never ever enjoy her from there . 
  tuf simply confirmed to me that i was n't wrong about my dislike for her . 
  so yeah , dislike her since strikeforce . 
  it is super hardcore at a professional level , but nowhere near as hardcore as combat sports in terms of physical damage . 
  let 's not discredit either one but let 's not act like they 're even remotely comparable . 
  social warriors justice ?
