  and people still doubt her toughness . 
  he looks like a really severe burn victim . 
  no pos wow . 
  what happened to her , by the way ? 
  does she have fight scheduled any time soon ? 
  cool !, 
  she seems like an exciting prospect to me . 
  legit as fuck . 
  oh gawd , why ? 
  i did not see that coming at all , wtf : /, 
  looked like it . 
  motherfuck , that was brutal . 
  way too many comments , so you got ta split them . 
  i 'm torn . 
  she said it and she said it right : it 's been 10 years . 
  so much punishment , so much blood , sweat and tears . 
  despite lots of people shitting on her accomplishments and everything she 's done for the sport , i genuinely believe she 's got nothing left to prove . 
  she 's a legend and i would have loved to see her retire with a win but it is what it is . 
  there 's no denying she 's fucking tough , one of the toughest women there 's been in mma , sometimes too tough for her own good . 
  always game as fuck and kept going until the end , never backed down and fought whoever they put in front of her . 
  i 'll definitely miss her . 
  part of me wishes she stuck around but she definitely deserves to rest . 
  have a beautiful life , ms. tate !, 
  seriously , it was n't even remotely close . 
  people are getting carried away by joanna 's face , but she dominated . 
  like you said , even when she got rocked , she still looked in control . 
  plus , it 's not like it 's the first time joanna gets dropped . 
  lots of people are giving karolina way too much credit . 
  thank you , thank you , thank you !, 
  this makes me so happy after i was initially so sad :(, 
  so sad to see miesha walk away like that but if it 's her time , then that 's it . 
  bless her heart , because if there 's something that 's undeniable about her it 's that she always fought with all the heart and all the toughness she had in her . 
  it 's such a shame she felt so defeated but hopefully her future will be a bright one . 
  nunes ' english is n't so great so i doubt it . 
  then again , if the statement in the title is true , then i guess that 's all she needs . 
  i hope amanda can pull this off so the entire division can officially finally move on and there 's some stability . 
  i also really like amanda so i 'm rooting for her anyway , regardless of the outcome . 
  \u00a1 excelente noticia !, 
  \u00a1 claro !, 
  your flair tho ... 
  frijoles are life < 3, 
  this makes me so , so happy !, 
  well , yeah , i feel you . 
  what makes me happy is the reaction , looks like a super excited child but i can definitely see where you 're coming from . 
  ohhh so you came up with it ? 
  nice !, 
  i thought it was from a flair bet . 
  i like it , it 's witty . 
  that mat is really dirty , it seems . 
  he does !, 
  bless him . 
  february ca n't come fast enough . 
  same . 
  aww man , i do n't like watching my bae latifi getting ko 'd < / 3, 
  reminded of the time pat barry was discussing sometimes he did n't feel he was quite as hyped or as confident about his fights as buffer was . 
  apparently he 's the last on the line of fire and if him announcing you does n't get you hyped , then nothing will . 
  this is my background music in robot unicorn attack . 
  * `` that 's why you only have one eye , asshole '' *, 
  oh man , he was 22 and debuting . 
  this is terrible , bless his memory and his family . 
  it also says his opponent is 17 ... as horrible as this was , i hope that if this other kid was taking boxing as a serious career choice , this incident does n't scar him for life or anything and makes him want to quit , shit happens . 
  this is all around a very shitty situation :(, 
  i 'm wondering the same thing !, 
  that does look like a turkey leg attached to the ball . 
  oh my dog !, 
  i was so worried for you , you could have been trampled to death !, 
  i 'm so glad you 're still here with us . 
  soooo , what did you buy and was it a good deal ? 
  was it worth the risk of having a near death experience ? 
  it feels like it took hours for the ref to notice that shit . 
  ugh that was nasty . 
  yep , i 'm with you there . 
  bad striking from both but at the very least ronda hits very hard and that alone makes her terrible striking more effective than miesha 's terrible striking . 
  this is one of those times when username certainly does n't check out . 
  that comment was fucking clever , well done . 
  i 've seen more criticism regarding the fact that she sort of started to live a life that she simply could n't afford and now complains about how she has no money . 
  the ice cream thing is just being brought up as a testament of how bad she is at handling her finances , from where i see it . 
  pampering yourself every once in a while is cool and every working person with an honest job deserves it but throwing your money like you have so much of it when you do n't and then whine about how it 's pretty much gone is not a good look . 
  it 's not as straightforward as `` puritans '' hating on her for her achievements and how she celebratres them , imho . 
  ahhh i see . 
  great line regardless . 
  thank you for sharing it and thank you for the source , i really needed that laugh today < 3, 
  well , fuck me for never hearing it before and laughing , shame on me for being a fucking simpleton completely out of touch . 
  it almost feels like it 's been ages since i last saw these two fight . 
  why am i so nervous ? 
  you got this , dj < 3, 
  what fight were you watching ? 
  first round for elliot and that 's it . 
  i mean , whatever your opinion is does n't really change what * actually * happened so it 's alright , call it a draw if that makes you happy . 
  granny is such an angel < 3, 
  you 're about 6 minutes late ... 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  listen , i 'll upvote you just because you made me giggle like an imbecile and i also like your flair . 
  and manatees are fucking cute as fuck . 
  this was great . 
  no , seriously , thanks a lot for this < 3, 
  [ thank you , miss correia . 
  rip in peds , beloved u/dmitri69 . 
  you will be missed u_u, 
  aww i love that scene so much .
