  i love michelle . 
  she does n't cut ? 
  woah . 
  i knew she was small but did n't know she was that small . 
  well , bless her , she 's doing so well for being so small . 
  on weigh-in or the actual fight ? 
  so is she 135ish naturally or is she actually cutting but just a small amount ? 
  because i think for example veronica macedo is legit not cutting anything at all , she just shows up and fights but she 's short and currently soft so she could easily make 115 with the right diet , i think . 
  is this valentina 's case ? 
  does she really not cut at all ? 
  i had no idea , to be honest . 
  rocky is fresh out of surgery and out for about 9 months or something . 
  not happening . 
  i love latifi , he 's so dreamy * [ drools ] * < 3, 
  ooh la la ;d, 
  incredibly sweet and adorable . 
  happy birthday , you cute little 14-year-old puppy !, 
  `` honey , you 're raping corpses and das nasty , imma call the police '' , * [ calls the police ] * `` but also let me take the head of this woman you mutilated and make it look all pretty for ya '' ... 
  fucking weirdos , man . 
  i 'm glad they got caught . 
  and to think that right now , in this very moment , there must be several people out there with this same mindset roaming the streets freely ... what a scary world we live in . 
  she 's well-known in the mma community and has lots of fans around here because , you know , she was an mma fighter and now works interviewing other mma fighters and discussing mma-related stuff . 
  i understand this post is n't covering something * you * may think is relevant and i understand this is n't relevant to the sport per se but at the same time it 's not like this is some random chick whose photo just got dumped here . 
  well , he did post a picture of him in underwear ( i think ? ), 
  standing in front of a car and it was super popular around here . 
  i do n't have to imagine it , i 've seen it , we 've all seen it . 
  people are interested in current/former fighters , what is it about that that you do n't grasp ? 
  i 'm not fawning over her and i did say i do understand this is n't relevant to the sport itself , and i agree , but i 'm not questioning why this is getting posted here because i know the reason . 
  chill , bro . 
  it 's just a photo . 
  if you do n't like it then downvote it in hopes it gets buried and does n't make it to the front page or report it arguing it does n't belong in the sub and move on with your life . 
  it 's not that difficult , imho . 
  edit : post got removed . 
  nothing left to argue . 
  true !, 
  it 's alright then , carry on . 
  for 208 , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  not being `` treated like dirt '' , it 's just true . 
  he is n't a champ nor this huge celebrity to get a claim to ppv points . 
  i think that if you 're a champ , they should n't deny them to you and if you 're not , you better be big like ronda or some other big fan favorite who attracts a lot of eyes to the sport . 
  werdum is n't any of those things , from where i see it . 
  i personally like him and think he 's charismatic but i do n't think i speak for the majority of people , honestly . 
  and losing a fight is n't really the reason why he 's potentially on the ufc 's shitlist . 
  did you miss the entire reebok ordeal ? 
  because evidence points to that being the reason . 
  the thing is , he did n't just criticise reebok , he straight up dissed them . 
  `` i can tell you the reebok deal has affected my finances greatly , and i know i 'm not alone , lots of others are in this same position ; only a few have benefited from it '' . 
  * that * is criticism . 
  and it 's along the lines of what several other fighters have expressed . 
  however , `` suck my balls , reebok '' is n't . 
  was it fair that he got fired ? 
  i do n't know , but the reality is that you ca n't shit on your employer 's business partner and fully expect to get away with it . 
  there are much better ways to say `` suck my balls '' without actually saying `` suck my balls '' . 
  i 'm not siding with the ufc 's decision to remove werdum from commentating but at the same time i ca n't pretend like they had absolutely no reason to do so . 
  with that being said , i do miss him . 
  i had an enjoyable time hearing him commentate , he was funny and insightful . 
  looks like a nervous smile . 
  he 's the cutest goof < 3, 
  laura , you gorgeous , gorgeous woman < 3, 
  right now fight pass is free , so hurry up and sign up to watch completely for free !, 
  i feel like implants that huge will become a nuisance at some point in her fighting career . 
  i 'm aware miesha and cat have them but neither tate 's nor zingano 's are that gigantic though . 
  they 're fake for sure , watch her previous fights . 
  trust me , they 're super fake . 
  she 's squeezing the blood out of her . 
  holy shit !, 
  two submissions after the bell on the same fight ? 
  that was weird . 
  cutting her hair to make weight for nothing . 
  that would be julie kedzie , afaik . 
  do it for the faceless men . 
  one way or another , a face will be added to the hall . 
  this pleases the many-faced god . 
  get out of here , nobody shits on momma laura in my presence d : <, 
  awww yisss , head kicks make me so warm and fuzzy :3, 
  comment of the night . 
  ooh damn , co-main already ? 
  time certainly does fly when you 're having fun . 
  i 'm actually really enjoying these little fun facts about the fighters . 
  [ did anyone say `` chicken '' ? 
  ghost hunting means she 's fearless . 
  getting in a cage fight vs cyborg means she might actually be a bit suicidal though . 
  you 're welcome :d, 
  i do n't know why megan 's stance looks really awkward to me . 
  they nearly killed the ref . 
  behave yourselves , ladies . 
  motherfuck , that 's sad . 
  tweet is freaking leaking like a faucet . 
  montenegro vs haga aside ( which left me with a weird impression ) , it was a great card . 
  invicta delivers consistently . 
  calling holly/gdr out was the right thing to do , really . 
  after all , the division is super shallow and where does she go from here ? 
  however , i do n't think she gets past holly . 
  admittedly , i 'm not a huge gdr follower and i 'm not very familiar with her style so i wo n't say anything about that matchup but vs holly , i do n't see what megan could possibly bring to the table that holly ca n't deal with . 
  hard shots , perhaps ? 
  i did mention in the live thread that megan 's stance looks awkward to me , i do n't know . 
  she seems to move very slowly ( compared to holly ) , and she looked a bit rocked and gassed after a single round vs tweet who , although super tough and durable , is n't super skillful . 
  again , i do n't know how she would look against gdr but against holly ... 
  i do n't see her beating holm . 
  edit : a word .
