  i still love you with all my heart , holly . 
  amazing . 
  i thought we had already established that he 's biff from back to the future and he has his almanac with him . 
  and a better support system that includes nice people around her and a good camp . 
  she 'll definitely bounce back faster . 
  yes , yes , yes !, 
  that makes up for the holly loss . 
  what a night < 3, 
  not stupid , just realistic . 
  she 'll go straight for the belt when/if she comes back , there 's no way around it . 
  kinda like how miesha chose to get her arm broken instead of tapping out in her first fight with ronda . 
  both ladies are amazing in their own way and have such a big heart . 
  and what happens in that case ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a title fight end in a draw . 
  there 's a pyramid near my house . 
  i 'll take a pic maybe tomorrow or the day after tomorrow . 
  should i reply here or send you a pm ? 
  congrats on your anniversary and what a cute idea this is . 
  that 's actually very kind and thoughtful of you . 
  and i 'm glad you 're doing better now < 3, 
  2200 + m ( 7300 + ft ) above sea level , and werdum went even higher to train in a mountain . 
  while it could have influenced cain 's performance , i think it was simply that werdum is straight up the better fighter . 
  but yeah , mexico city does have a pretty high altitude . 
  yep , that broke my heart . 
  she was so close and yet so far away . 
  i still love her and support her , regardless of the outcome of this fight and every other fight in her future . 
  look at dem chubby legs , she 's so dang cute . 
  no , he/she just wanted to throw that overused `` wanderlei silva in a dress '' line out there . 
  hey , sharing is caring :d, 
  you did an excellent job , i 'm pretty sure you have some gems saved somewhere . 
  do share , love !, 
  this one had me in stitches . 
  yeah , what a dumbass thing for a fighter to do , wanting to remain active and taking on big challenges . 
  what an idiot . 
  specially because after all that 's been said and done in the last months it 's obvious and 100 % sure ronda will come back . 
  riiiight . 
  if dana 's words and the most recent pictures serve as an indicator , fighting holly was not anywhere near at the top of rr 's list of priorities . 
  when holly was holding the belt , rr was crying on talkshows and posing naked for magazines ; now that miesha has it , she tells dana it 's time to get back to training and she has been indeed photographed back in training . 
  does that mean we 'll see ronda back sooner rather than later ? 
  who knows , but i honestly do n't see why the smart thing to do for holly was sitting back and do nothing just to wait for ms rowdy to * maybe * get her ass back to work . 
  if ronda fights again , the rematch vs holly will happen and it 'll draw as much attention as it did before , that 's for sure . 
  but that 's one big if . 
  unless you know something we do n't and you know exactly when ronda is coming back . 
  if you do n't , then i do n't understand why you 're so passionate about defending the idea of a payday for a hypothetical rematch . 
  i know it 's hard to believe but i think it 's obvious for holly it 's fighting first and getting money second . 
  she 's pushing for a rematch against miesha because she knows she 's the one available to fight right away and she 's talked about avenging losses . 
  she could sit back and wait for miesha vs ronda and challenge any of them for the belt but , how long will she have to wait between now and then ? 
  no idea . 
  the * millions * she * lost * were never there for sure in the first place so can we stop pretending she * really * lost them ? 
  not even conor made millions ( he barely made one and that was historical , apparently ) on this last event . 
  can we just let go of this whole `` holly was dumb , her manager is dumb , they set millions of dollars on fire with this loss '' idea ? 
  just . 
  stop . 
  nah , or are they ? 
  i can only think of bones . 
  agreed . 
  i love cat but you 're absolutely right . 
  shit 's getting ridiculous . 
  it 's not as astounding considering a good portion of fights are put together taking into account how much money they 'll bring into the table rather than if it 's fair or the most logical thing to do . 
  i see your point though . 
  holm maybe and i have a feeling that one 's next but not zingano . 
  that one happened already . 
  she definitely can and she should . 
  it 's only fair and it helps her build a stronger case before calling out miesha . 
  he 's with ronda 's team though . 
  graceful . 
  `` i 'm sorry i let you guys down '', 
  bless her heart :(, 
  she is . 
  dang , what a body . 
  yeah , that 's how i see it . 
  after all had been said and done , win or lose these people are precisely that , just people who have to deal with real emotions along with those around them . 
  it is a bit hard to watch but i think it does have a certain relevance because for a lot of spectators fighting is just a show they enjoy watching but for the parties directly involved ( the fighters themselves , coaches , family members ) this is their entire life , basically . 
  edit : spelling . 
  haha nice use of those tiny triangles ( whatever they 're called - excuse my ignorance ! ), 
  i read it the same exact way you did and i was so damn confused . 
  i was picturing some shady ass doctor making women abort and then selling the fetuses on the black market or some crap like that . 
  my mind went to a really , really dark place for a second right there . 
  i want to know the name of the documentary too !, 
  and congrats on your little angel , i hope he/she is perfectly healthy < 3, 
  yep . 
  sorry , mom and dad :(, 
  andrea , you 're still bae < 3, 
  d'alelio looks like she could be related to mcmann , no ? 
  care to explain what that is ? 
  i know , they look huge . 
  or at least porto does . 
  how so ? 
  legit ( perhaps silly ) question . 
  last round , whoever takes this one takes the fight , me thinks . 
  yay !, 
  there 's no loser here though , amazing fight . 
  porto is fucking strong . 
  yep , easily , i think . 
  but honchak has been away for so long that i barely have any recollection of her credentials . 
  ewww i had to look away when amber 's arm was getting all twisted , i thought it would snap . 
  i hate seeing broken limbs : /, 
  guys , i looked away . 
  my arm started hurting pretty bad just watching that . 
  ugh , tough shit .
