  we really ca n't win , can we ? 
  same here , but only when they have several brown spots . 
  i do n't like yellow bananas but i do n't like completely brown bananas either . 
  same . 
  distracting indeed and it was kind of pointless to me . 
  what if he only wants to sell you peanut butter ? 
  `` rekt '' , according to rogan . 
  did he really ? 
  because i think i saw a tap too but i 'm not entirely sure ... 
  cote , you sexy french-speaking beast < 3, 
  i think it is . 
  both pettis and alvarez are really good fighters so i 'm expecting this to be a good fight . 
  they already fought and if iirc , it barely hit the ground . 
  and werdum still won . 
  the eye pokes , probably . 
  omg guys , it 's about to happen !, 
  man , it 's refreshing to see him do a good job . 
  hahaha does it really ? 
  what a cool picture !, 
  that 's so poetic . 
  ok , so he ca n't corner her but , can he still coach her ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  he 's basically recalling the time rr ko 'd bethe and then apparently his eyeballs were all watery because he did this motion where he wiped off some tears , all while he 's telling her he was so overwhelmed by the whole thing ( the bethe ko ) because he knew he was witnessing history , then procceeds to tell her she 's such a unique example for women and whatnot . 
  he was basically puking flattery all over her . 
  it is indeed kind of cringeworthy , like others pointed out . 
  same here . 
  and to be fair , i thought the other guy was about as cringy as she was , so , she looked alright . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  the work is absolutely beautiful , although the idea is a bit silly . 
  i would n't get that in particular either but i would for sure go to that artist 's studio if i decided to get anything else done . 
  amazing job . 
  i 'd say the guy who says it does work . 
  native spanish speaker here . 
  stand-up comedy is indeed referred to as stand-up even in spanish ( turns out spanish and portuguese are extremely similar ) , although `` stand-up '' , in mma terms , is usually referred to as `` striking '' . 
  i can definitely see someone somewhat fluent in english calling it stand-up as well and coming up with that pun relatively easy with a bit of wit . 
  with that being said , and even though i enjoy cyborg for the most part , i stand by all the others who say chances are she did n't come up with this . 
  not that i know her personally but even though she could have very well come up with this in portuguese ( for reasons listed above ) , she does n't strike me as a particularly witty person who 's good at this stuff . 
  either way , props to * her * if * she * came up with this or props to whoever deals with her twitter . 
  that was good . 
  whoa that was crazy !, 
  are soccer kicks to the back of the head ok though ? 
  that looked awful to me . 
  ah that 's why . 
  that was still pretty brutal . 
  the `` osito '' on his shades ( that 's `` little bear '' in spanish ) ... 
  carlos condit , luke rockhold and chad mendes , in that order . 
  unpopular opinion ( maybe ? 
  ) , tim boetsch is the sexiest for me though . 
  i 'm a sucker for guys with that strong/kinda-chubby-but - not-really body type . 
  we start with the dummy and learn from our mistakes and now dwight * knows * not to cut the face off of a real person . 
  cyborg fought 3 times in 2015 . 
  her [ usada test history ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ki6luny.png ) says she was tested 3 times in 2015 , which i can only assume is from each time she fought . 
  we 've all seen how she 's performed and she 's looked as dominant as ever . 
  i think it 's about time people let go of that thing . 
  you can [ search ] ( http://www.usada.org/testing/results/athlete-test-history/ ) her name or anyone 's name for that matter to verify that . 
  sounds like the beginning of a very healthy and long-lasting relationship . 
  daaang , that was intense . 
  probably because 99 % of us are not professional athletes , so it 's not like we * need * to be in shape . 
  that last bit was pretty much irrelevant and uncalled for ; first part of your statement , i can agree with . 
  agreed . 
  wonderboy defeated hendricks in such a crazy amazing way that i do n't see him ~ ~ fighting ~ ~ fighting anyone but lawler at this point . 
  woodley 's last win was so underwhelming ( in my opinion , anyway ) that i do n't feel like watching him fighting for the title . 
  who deserves the shot more ? 
  i do n't know for sure but what i do know is i want to see wonderboy go for it , not woodley . 
  same here . 
  my dad was confident mcgregor would win and i was like `` no , dad , aldo is an entirely different beast '' and then bam !, 
  they should make `` unpopular opinions '' a sticky post so people can come and get things out of their chest every now and again . 
  i enjoy these threads as well . 
  hahaha that gabi garcia part is so true . 
  not going to lie , i was giggling like an idiot during that fight . 
  the thing is , she was playing this bitch part while chanting she was `` real mean , not fake nice '' or whatever . 
  and when miesha was a bitch as well , ronda would just throw a tantrum . 
  hell , she threw tantrums even when miesha was doing nothing except living life . 
  remember when pe\u00f1a won her bout against baszler and as miesha and pe\u00f1a were celebrating , ronda started sobbing and taking shit personal ? 
  that 's the kind of stuff people hold against her . 
  if you 're going to play the bitch role , go ahead , but stick to it no matter what . 
  mcgregor , chael , dominick and others trash talk and stand by what they say , no matter how outrageous/illogical it is . 
  in their case , it 's blatantly obvious they 're putting on a show . 
  ronda 's case is quite different ; she 's a bitch ( whether that 's really her or not at all i really do n't know ) but sobs when people get back to her . 
  she sounded like she was about to have a breakdown when she got on holly 's face during the weigh ins and holly stood her ground . 
  exactly . 
  i still do n't know why people compare ronda 's `` trash talking '' to chael 's or conor 's , it 's not anywhere near the same level . 
  those guys say blatantly outlandish shit and laugh in the proccess while ronda says very dull shit and gets emotional every now and again . 
  i do n't even consider ronda to be a trash talker , or at the very least not on the sonnen/mcgregor level . 
  i do n't see her losing to tate . 
  i do give zingano and nunes a chance though . 
  i do n't even know why people bring pe\u00f1a up , she 's so crappy from where i see it . 
  on the other hand , i thought holly would still win but not very dominantly . 
  i thought she would barely squeeze in a split decision . 
  i was very confident she would win but not the way she did . 
  crazy . 
  how is this unpopular ? 
  lol, 
  particularly after stating she only trains during camps and the rest of the time she only does crossfit ... 
  i do n't know , it looked like she was done for sure multiple times but she managed to keep going , somehow . 
  i really think she has so much potential and if she leaves that crossfit crap behind and takes fighting super seriously , she can get pretty far . 
  i do n't know if she 'll ever be champ but she 's got what it takes to be a true fighter , for sure . 
  plus , the way she straight up said `` i got outclassed in every way '' after her loss made me like her that much more . 
  agree with you 100 % . 
  your string of comments combined with your username made the whole thing quite comical and somewhat magical .
