  it 'll be a long hard road ahead of you without her but things will look up as long as you stay positive . 
  take all the time you need to deal with your loss and no matter how terrible you feel at times , remember you need to stay strong . 
  i 'm sure your mommy would love for you to be happy . 
  i 'm so sorry , love . 
  hugs and kisses for you < 3, 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of opinion , it 's a matter of fact that winter * is coming * , not that winter * has come * . 
  i think it 's getting there but not quite yet . 
  right ? 
  he/she is acting like it 's a literal porn he/she is watching with a few lines thrown here and there for good measure . 
  same . 
  i do n't know why everytime i read this `` jon and his twin meera '' thing i cringe so damn hard . 
  quite frankly , i hate that idea so much . 
  i seriously hope it 's not real and it gets dropped soon so i do n't have to see it again . 
  just make it go away :(, 
  uriah hall does n't have the strongest case to justify a title shot . 
  belfort just got ko 'd . 
  machida is suspended . 
  silva just got surgery . 
  jacare is not medically cleared . 
  bisping is on a win streak and he has a little bit of history with rockhold already , not to mention he has been around and active for a very considerable amount of years and has n't gotten a title shot ever . 
  i get * you * do n't want to see it and it makes no sense to * you * . 
  i 'm not his fan either but it 's easy to see why they would pick him . 
  jacare deserves it more than anyone in the division but he ca n't go at it right now . 
  bisping was a very reasonable choice . 
  it does seem strange but i do n't know , latifi debuted as a headliner vs mousasi . 
  special circumstances , i know , but in this case i recall seeing latifi himself asking for this particular fight on his insta , so why not ? 
  i think it would be a massive statement if he won the fight . 
  for sure . 
  i think that if they were to introduce a new division , it would be a lighter one , not a bigger one . 
  all the `` big '' gals currently in the ufc can make 135 , so i doubt they 'll want to fight at 145 when they could possibly face relatively smaller and easier competition . 
   everyone is just spoiled at this point and if something does n't go exactly the way they want it to then the moaning starts, 
  my thoughts as well . 
  thus far i 'm liking the pacing a lot , it does feel a bit fast compared to other seasons but maybe because things are really moving on this time , unlike last season like you said . 
  it could but it seems highly unlikely , from where i see it . 
  none of the 135ers are insanely big to the point they look like they definitely need to move up in weight . 
  and then again , as long as they consistently make weight , i do n't see why they would open a new division , not for now anyway . 
  if anything , it seems the 125 division is the one to introduce . 
  some girls are too big for 115 and too small for 135 . 
  but , in the current roster , i do n't think anyone is too small for 115 ( so scratch atomweight ) or too big for 135 ( so scratch 145 ) . 
  only time will tell . 
  it sucks that it had to happen at the expense of weidman 's well-being but it 's true . 
  this rematch should n't have been booked in the first place imho . 
  good thing the division gets to move forward but then again , it sucks for chris . 
   bulimar , 20 , tore her right achilles ' tendon on saturday while tumbling a full-in on floor . 
  she will undergo surgery on tuesday in bucharest and will likely be out of competition for the rest of the year . 
  source : http://www.intlgymnast.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=4554:romanias-bulimar-suffers-torn-achilles&amp;catid=2:news&amp;itemid=166, 
  no problem !, 
  it truly sucks . 
  poor romanians ca n't get a break , it seems . 
  larisa 's injury does n't seem to want to heal any time soon so she 'll be missing rio , more than likely . 
  i just feel so bad for them . 
  when it rains , it pours : /, 
  except you 're arguing semantics and the argument is about legal charges . 
  does the charge `` attempted manslaughter '' actually exist ? 
  if it does , then that could be the route they could go . 
  if it does n't , then it does n't , period . 
  you do n't come up with charges on the spot . 
  if you want to argue semantics , `` attempted manslaughter '' still makes very little to no sense . 
  you ca n't * try * to * involuntarily * kill someone . 
  if you * try * , then it 's * voluntary * . 
  if you did n't , then it 's * involuntary * . 
  they just do n't go together . 
   i think he 's having his balls lopped off, 
  that does n't sound very complimentary either , but what do i know . 
  from where i see it , looking at the whole quote , it sounds like jacare getting treatment or whatever for his knee = no balls , michael ignoring his knee injury and opting out of treatment = ballsy . 
  but like i said , what do i know . 
  because i 'm not michael bisping himself , i ca n't talk to you about his thought process or what he really meant with those words . 
  that 's my interpretation since he 's talking knee injuries , otherwise why would he even bring that up ? 
  it seems pretty straightforward , to me anyway . 
  that still does n't answer my question . 
  does the charge `` attempted manslaughter '' exist ? 
  yes or no ? 
  it think it does n't because , by definition , it makes no sense . 
  manslaughter involves the ** actual death ** of a person . 
  voluntary manslaughter would mean the cop crashed into this other car because fuck that car in particular but did n't have the intention of killing the driver but the driver died anyway . 
  involuntary manslaughter is closer to what happened in this scenario ; that would be , the cop had no intentions of crashing into this other car but he did anyway and the driver died . 
  however , the driver did n't die . 
  no death = no manslaughter . 
  simple as that . 
  he could be however charged for something else . 
  right off the top of my head i can think of reckless endangerment and/or reckless driving , meaning the cop was acting/driving like an asshole disregarding other people 's safety . 
  i 'm almost positive you could throw at least another charge to that but i ca n't think of what . 
  assault , maybe ? 
  bodily harm ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  but homicide ? 
  straight up , buddy , i hope no one ever tries to charge you for a crime you obviously did n't commit . 
  and i 'm not even saying the cop is the victim now because he was obviously a douchebag but i do n't see why he should be charged for `` homicide '' . 
  you 're going for the overkill , and that 's not justice . 
  like 20 . 
  yeah , but it 's not like they could `` amputate '' shireen 's head so they had to try something else , obviously . 
  yes , that one and when she suggests ramsay is still a bastard because he was `` legitimized '' by another bastard . 
  you could tell by ramsay 's face that he did not enjoy that at all . 
  my point is , no one died . 
  you ca n't throw charges at people just because . 
  if , let 's say , i 'm just standing in a place and you run past me , accidentally push me , i fall and split my forehead in half , you should n't be charged for homicide because i could have died . 
  i mean , yeah , i could have but i did n't . 
  if i did , then you 're fucked , that is homicide ( involuntary manslaughter , specifically ) . 
  you do n't get charged for what * could * have happened , you get charged for what actually did . 
  once again , who died ?
