  exciting fight to add up to an exciting night . 
  same . 
  blood i can deal with , gashes , hematomas , whatever . 
  but dislocated/broken bones , nope . 
  just nope . 
  not at all , she clearly lost but decided to celebrate like crazy for some reason . 
  edit : just saw this gif posted , this is the end of the second round ; first round she lost too so she was pretty much done unless she got a finish , which she did n't . 
  haha fair enough !, 
  agreed but that 's duke , not baszler . 
  gross , i ca n't unsee it now . 
  very cute !, 
  amazing artist indeed . 
  saria 's face looks so cute and i love how smooth everything looks . 
  very beautiful < 3, 
  it 's not like she got screwed over by the judges though , she legit lost but celebrated regardless , only she knows why . 
  i ca n't provide you with links or videos since i do n't have any at my disposal but if you 'd like to google it , the fight was jinh yu frey vs herica tiburcio . 
  tiburcio ( the premature celebrator ) lost the first round and this happened during the second round : http://gfycat.com/cheeryfrenchjunco, 
  honestly , whatever happened in round 3 was irrelevant since she had lost 2 out of 3 at that point and needed a finish , which she did n't get . 
  she lost fair and square . 
  same exact thing with cyborg vs baszler . 
  precisely . 
  and the thing is that some people ( including dana ) act like she * truly * lost a shit ton of money as if the rematch with ronda will happen for sure . 
  will she come back ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  why should have holly waited to see if ronda felt like returning ? 
  it 's not fair to hold against her the fact that she truly wanted to stay busy and take on a challenge knowing what was at stake . 
  i applaud her . 
  maybe ? 
  i do n't know , it 's just that the way she looked so genuinely surprised when the winner was announced makes me think she * probably * really thought she had won . 
  i 'm completely oblivious to her thought proccess though . 
  because she looked like she had some potential back when she fought in invicta . 
  she did n't look spectacular but she at the very least gave the impression that if she trained with the right people , she could get somewhere . 
  she clearly did n't though . 
  hmmm neither , i think ? 
  she was straight up juvenile with her bullying . 
  she said shit such as `` i 'm not saying tecia torres is on steroids but she 's got back acne , so just saying '' . 
  felice herrig was more idiotic though , imho . 
  so , she 's nothing like joanna and i 'm not exactly sure if ronda has ever been so petty with her callouts ... wait , ronda did call cyborg an `` it '' and arianny a dnb ... ok , ronda-type bully , yeah . 
  i agree . 
  i think there would be more talent at 125 than there is currently at 135 , actually . 
  i read it as `` fuck honda '' in terms of waiting for her . 
  let the division move on and give her the shot at the belt ( no matter who 's holding it ) when/if she comes back . 
  for all we know , she could be back in october , or november , or march 2017 , or never again . 
  with that in mind i 'd say `` fuck honda '' as well . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of her style as i do n't consider her to be very graceful ( if anything at all ) but i undoubtedly have so much respect for her achievements and enjoy her as a person since she strikes me as a very humble and vibrant young lady . 
  that zac efron leo was hilarious . 
  wishing her the very best for the remainder of her career . 
  i have a very personal question ( maybe ? 
  ) : did you really suffer from anorexia ? 
  if so , how did you overcome it ? 
  congratulations on your progress !, 
  you look amazing , seriously amazing . 
  yeah , and well , it 's not like the lack of grace has affected the outcome of her performances or diminishes what she 's achieved . 
  it 's just a matter of personal preference . 
  she 's delivered solid performances and that 's what it all comes down to in the end . 
  well , i 'm glad you 're on the right track now . 
  looking at you it 's obvious you 've put on a lot of hard work and i can only applaud you for that . 
  for me , health is first but looking good is obviously a huge plus , so it 's good to know you have the best of both worlds . 
  keep it up , love !, 
  and once again , congratulations . 
  completely unrelated situation , although somewhat similar : i have social anxiety . 
  it got so bad to the point i literally stopped attending classes because the mere thought of going into a room full of strangers gave me panic attacks . 
  it really got very crippling . 
  it 's much better now in comparison to those days ( about 2 years ago ) but social interaction is still a very big problem for me . 
  my goodness , i could almost feel my blood boiling ( figuratively , that is ) the day i got called out by a certain individual who decided i 'm full of shit because i 'm in a relationship and i have a couple of friends . 
  * bitch , you do n't know me . 
  * i 'm really sorry ( not really ) i 'm not lonely enough to fit the stereotype . 
  there 's such a stigma and misinformation attached to mental disorders that i ca n't even blame people for not knowing enough about them ( not that they 're obligated to ) but it 's still sad and even irritating that they 're so quick to point fingers and `` call you out on your bullshit '' . 
  the struggle is real . 
  like , really real . 
  damm , 99 to 200 is a huge difference . 
  i 'm so sorry to read you 're dealing with that . 
  i wish you the best , hang in there and keep your head up , love < 3, 
  it is but do n't be so hard on yourself , many of us have some backward ass ideas so deeply engrained that it 's not even funny . 
  anyway , i 'm sure you look beautiful and should always remind yourself why you started doing in the first place what you 're currently doing and everything else will fall in its place . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  you 'll eventually find a special someone who 'll love your big biceps and your firm bootay . 
  seriously , lots of guys drool over strong women . 
  kidney stones ? 
  ugh those things are a bitch to pass . 
  poor aldo . 
  and poor kz , bless them . 
  if i understood correctly , iordache is out . 
  she posted on her facebook she had an injury and will be out 6 weeks which make it virtually impossible for her to train and be ready for rio qualifications or something like that . 
  it was in romanian so i read it via the fb translator , i do n't know if it 's totally accurate . 
  i can * maybe * see why you would n't let go of a submission when your opponent is tapping if the ref has n't stepped in , but that 's more the problem with him , he does n't let go even when the ref tells him to . 
  that 's exactly what happened when he got released from the ufc , no ? 
  it 's a shame because he 's so damn skilful but goddamn , what an asshole . 
  oh for sure . 
  he 's quite a nut case , which is why i think is a damn shame so much talent is pretty much going to waste since he ca n't act like a professional . 
  ohh you 're right , i forgot about that minor detail . 
  her statement makes a lot more sense now since she did mention she had faith romania would qualify for teams even without her . 
  i guess i got carried away since i was so sad to read she was injured and just assumed she was completely out of rio . 
  it 's still sad . 
  i do hope romania qualifies , i do n't even want to imagine the olympic team finals without romania :(, 
  my thoughts as well . 
  clearly she tried to get out of it but she went to sleep before she could even tap , it seems . 
  it 's the cutest game in the series . 
  link 's facial expressions are the best , it 's a serious game but at the same time it gives a very lighthearted vibe and i think it has the perfect amount of challenge combined with the perfect amount of fun . 
  oh and the music is quite a treat .
