   if nunes is upset, 
  she ai n't mad . 
  like , at all . 
  in fact , she 's happy and super relaxed . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much what she suggested . 
  i do n't remember the exact same words but she did say something along the lines of being happy to fight the biggest name in wmma because she 's getting ppv points . 
  ariel straight up asked her if she was n't mad because ronda did n't do much promotion and that probably meant less ppv sales and she said she was positive people were going to buy either way and was n't worried about that , she was only focused on winning so she could get the respect she deserved by hopefully absorbing some of ronda 's star power . 
  at the end of the day , she has to worry about one thing and that thing only : winning . 
  anything else is secondary . 
  it would be sad if he did everything in his power to make 170 and genuinely could n't but nah , let 's just eat burgers and fries like cutting weight is n't an actual requirement for his job . 
  i 'm honestly more bothered by the fact he 's just wasting his chances with his lack of discipline , lots of guys would happily go on a very strict diet if it meant being on the biggest stage of the sport . 
  he needs to get his shit together asap or gtfo . 
  missing weight once is understandable and forgivable considering how many factors come into play but consistently missing weight ? 
  at this point it 's ridiculous . 
  but man , still . 
  i really ca n't feel bad . 
  i see your point though , it must really suck for him to be on such a bad spot but it was his own doing and his own demise . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  i think he 's done too . 
  how much soda did he drink though ? 
  it has to be magic , i tell you . 
  what a damn shame . 
  bless the hearts and bodies of everyone else consistently making weight . 
  fair enough . 
  someone in another thread posted a photo of him holding a huge ass burger ( it looked pretty bomb , i 'd like to point out ) and i simply assumed it was somewhat recent . 
  fuck me if it was n't and i 'm just talking shit right here like a judgemental asshole . 
  let 's give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  let 's say he was disciplined and consistent with his diet , he did everything right , and he still misses weight . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  at what point do you say `` fuck it '' ? 
  you eat burgers , you miss weight . 
  you eat salad , you miss weight . 
  should n't you just call it a quit ? 
  i think i would . 
  for me , either way , i think he 's toast . 
  i do n't think he 'll get cut but this should already put him on the chopping block . 
  of course he still has his fight coming and the result is pending but i think i 'd have my shit packed beforehand and be ready to tell everyone i had a great time but it 's time for me to give it a rest . 
  but that 's just me . 
   i get the feeling his heart is n't really in it anymore either, 
  and i do n't blame him if that 's the case . 
  bless him and good luck in his future endeavors if he 's ready to quit , but do it asap so you can save yourself and everyone else the headache . 
  take the miesha route , quit fighting but stay involved in the sport as an analyst or commentator or coach or whatever . 
  after all , he does have a name . 
  or quit altogether . 
  just make your choice and work towards that . 
  well , yeah , that 's technically true . 
  he has a shitty diet by his own admission and has consistently missed weight for a while , his out of competition photos show him not only soft but actually on the fatty side . 
  putting all of that together , would you say forming an opinion like that is that much of a stretch ? 
  sorry if i ca n't help it . 
   a major distraction for hendricks has always been whether or not he would be able to make weight at 170 pounds . 
  now working under the guidance of louis giordano ( loutrition ) for his first full camp , hendricks ' previous anxieties about his weight now appear to be a thing of the past . 
  hendricks was happy to go into intricate detail about how giordano manages his weight differently to his previous weight management specialist mike dolce . 
   `` the weight is no longer an issue ; i got loutrition , '' hendricks said . 
  `` me and dolce , we had a good run , but man , having lou by my side has been a blessing in disguise . 
   ** `` i can still eat bad , but it can still be good for you . 
  for example , in the off-season , i can go have whataburger . 
  just have the burger !, 
  do n't eat the fries !, 
  get a drink , eat the burger . 
  would he want me to do that ? 
  but he knows me , he knows who i am , so he 's going to say , ` johny , if you 're craving something , go get it . 
  just send me a picture of it , and do n't eat the fries . 
  source : http://www.flocombat.com/article/43117-johny-hendricks-running-lean-and-mean-ahead-of-ufc-200, 
  my point exactly . 
  i think he can , but he does n't have it in him to truly do what it takes to make the weight . 
  and the thing is , he always misses by a few lbs , and to me it looks like he could lose some remaining weight , like you said , in the mid section . 
  almost the same exact thing i see in gastelum . 
  aww come on now . 
  i was expecting peyton manning . 
  ewww mine used to do that too !, 
  but far worse . 
  he straight up looked like he had rabies . 
  i miss his yucky face so much < 3, 
  ya , it 's more like a meme . 
  he eats burgers and fries by his own admission . 
  i mean , that shit 's delicious so can you blame him ? 
  i certainly ca n't but when you 're an athlete notorious for not making weight on the regular , maybe you should keep your crappy eating habits to yourself . 
  i do n't want to spam so [ here 's another one of my comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mma/comments/5kyd1l/_/dbrspcb ) with a direct quote from him claiming he `` eats the burger but skips the fries '' . 
  did n't see it with my very own eyes but [ he 's admitted to it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mma/comments/5kyd1l/_/dbrspcb ) ( link to a direct quote from him ) . 
  it 's more like a meme at this point , really . 
  oh wow , how come i missed this gem ? 
  quality post . 
  oh dear , read my other comments or google `` johny hendricks burgers '' so you can read ** his very own take on the matter ** or give it a rest . 
  i already addressed this `` you must be following him so closely blah blah '' issue at least another two separate times . 
  if you 're too lazy to do that , [ i 'll make it easy for you . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mma/comments/5kyd1l/_/dbrspcb ) . 
  the man himself has admitted he 's bad at dieting and even admitted his own wife herself called him out on it . 
  stop calling me out like i 'm pulling entirely false information out of my asshole when i 'm only pointing out the obvious , the information is out there if you wish to look it up . 
   you make it sound like it 's equally hard for everyone which is not the case, 
  i 'm not sure exactly how i did that but ok . 
  i 'm fully aware every person is different , some people might have weight cuts that are a walk in the park , for some others it might be like a stroll through hell . 
  my point is , and i honestly do n't even know how people are missing it , he needs to pull his shit together . 
  if he has an issue with his eating , why not go to an actual doctor instead of working with broscientists every time ? 
  is he eating out of anxiety , depression , pleasure , or because he wants to and wtf are you gon na do about it ? 
  that i do n't know but he needs to try * harder * . 
  that 's it . 
  if he 's legit trying super mega hard and he simply , genuinely ca n't do it , then retire and stop putting that poor body through hell . 
  but i 'm sorry if i get the impression that he 's half-assing shit when he admits he has a tendency to half-ass shit and even people close to him call him out on it . 
  my trends have samsung galaxy 8 , star wars , rashaan salaam , debbie reynolds , amazon echo , kanye west , fadi dawaz and ashley greene . 
  no idea who half those people are but i 'm just going to assume friends i interact with on the daily are familiar with those names and the network just assumed i 'm interested by default . 
  no ronda anywhere to be seen so i 'm not getting the point of this , to be honest .
