  3 back i did listen . 
  it was enjoyable . 
  wish it went back to that . 
  hahaha `` innie '' , that sounds so cute . 
  and that 's me as well . 
  oh yeah , his talent is beyond questioning , that 's for sure . 
  i hope so . 
  i 'm so excited , i like them both and i want this to be a great fight . 
  nerves mostly , in my opinion . 
  there was sooo much hype behind her , lots of people said she was the one to beat rousey if she ever made it to the ufc and whatnot . 
  so , i think she was nervous and she had all this pressure messing with her head a bit . 
  i think she won that fight fair and square , not in an even remotely spectacular fashion or super dominantly but she still won it , and look where she is now . 
  she was spectacular and dominant right when it mattered the most . 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  oh absolutely . 
  a lot of people said it ( you included , me included ) and it 's true , ronda was the perfect match for holly . 
  holly is a conservative fighter , in my opinion . 
  she wo n't force finishes , which is why she is n't , overall , an agressor . 
  i noticed the same thing you did ( regarding the reneau fight ) so , unlike the majority of people , instead of counting holly out , i really liked her chances . 
  we all know ronda is aggressive as fuck and that 's why i knew that would play right into holly 's strength , which is countering . 
  i will admit though , even though i 'm a huge fan of hers and had followed her for a while , i did n't know she was going to look that incredibly good . 
  what she did was absolutely ridiculous . 
  i had her winning via decision , not via methodic carnage . 
  for the rematch , i will go for holly , again , via decision , again . 
  i 'm expecting ronda to be a bit more conservative herself to take holly out of her element and force her to be the agressor . 
  it 's anyone 's game though . 
  ronda was armbarred people out of fucking nowhere and in her last fights she has handed concussions out of fucking nowhere . 
  her striking is shit but let 's not act like there is no power behind her ( shitty ? ), 
  punches . 
  i 'm with you too . 
  miesha is aggressive but her aggression is a different kind of aggression , which makes her an intriguing matchup for holly . 
  i really want someone to test holly on the ground , and i think miesha could do that . 
  i think holly has what it takes to be a champion for a long time , but it 's also true that her style makes her look , overall , a lot more beatable than ronda ever did . 
  many might disagree with me , but i think that makes her a more exciting champion . 
  every fight from here on will be a true test , if/after she beats rousey again . 
  the ufc could n't have been more blatantly obvious about favoritism towards ronda by putting holly in the freezer when it 's damn obvious she 's ready to go . 
  let her bang , bro . 
  precisely . 
  and if you 're going to be an insufferable cunt , whether it is to sell tickets or gain popularity or whatever , then own up to it . 
  you ca n't market yourself as an asshole ( damn , even her walkout song says she does n't `` give a damn about reputation '' ) and then expect people to feel for you when someone else is an asshole to you . 
  be true to yourself and stick to your guns or stfu entirely . 
  i doubt holly would sign that though . 
  it seems like her manager and people who look after her have done a good job at negotiating so far , so i doubt they would agree to anything as crazy as what you 're saying . 
  i like to think she 's smarter than that . 
  ohh that 's actually very interesting . 
  no sarcasm , i genuinely think it 's an interesting fact . 
  not gon na lie , i 'd be the same type of person too . 
  yes , i 'm a creeper . 
  sue me : b, 
  incredible . 
  do we have a headliner for 197 ? 
  if not , i hope it 's 197 . 
  i want to see that fight asap . 
  i 'm not and i 'm sorry for not being super useful in that regard but i still felt like i wanted to let you know you 're beautiful and you look amazing . 
  best of success on your future endeavors and congratulations on your progress so far . 
  keep it up , love !, 
  a winner is you !, 
  i might be somewhat alone here but i 'd still take miesha 's photos over ronda 's . 
  ronda 's got a nice figure too , for sure , but miesha is more my type body-wise . 
  if she actually happens to be all that you listed . 
  for her public image 's sake , i hope she is . 
  and for her personal sake as well , maybe . 
  it might help her cope with all she 's been going through lately . 
  absolutely . 
  there are some `` comedians '' out there with really decent jokes but terrible delivery . 
  i think it takes a really good actor/actress to deliver good comedy when they are n't normally a comedian . 
  that seems like it , yes . 
  there was this one girl in my high school who had some condition where i think her muscles were getting atrophied and she was put on some sort of steroid treatment to help her walk again and she was definitely bloated . 
  this is a super silly and vague anecdote , i know , but that 's all i can recall for now , a 15 year old girl on steroids who looked super bloated . 
  completely different scenario but i 'm assuming it 's not too far-fetched . 
  do n't a shit ton of bodybuilders have bloated bellies from whatever `` suplements '' they take ? 
  she 's got a killer body but i ca n't decide whether i like her face or not . 
  sometimes i do , sometimes i do n't . 
  the few glimpses of her personality during tuf were a turn off for me though . 
  is she fighting anytime soon ? 
  i can see that now haha, 
  i have a feeling that is n't quite as profitable , though . 
  really ? 
  damn , that sucks !, 
  here in mexico , if the robber seems to be unarmed , people usually try to stop them . 
  i guess we 're all absolutely fed up with those assholes and any chance we get to fuck them up , we will . 
  there have been several cases of criminals getting beat up to death . 
  i have a good friend from brazil and many times we have concluded that mexico and brazil are pretty much mirror countries , so i pretty much assumed brazilians were just as feisty haha, 
  that is horrible . 
  on the other hand , i hope you have a very nice life today , wherever you are . 
  i 'm in mexico city myself , so trust me , i understand what you 're talking about . 
  it sucks so , so much . 
  they 'll probably make ** you ** open it so you give them whatever it is that you have on you . 
  your suggestion sounds good in theory but i feel it would totally fail in practice . 
  your comment truly made me smile . 
  and you know what ? 
  i do n't even feel bad for them . 
  fuck them , the lot of them . 
  yep , that 's exactly how i voted . 
  best of the year , joanna , best breakout , holly . 
  for the same exact reasons you mentioned . 
  hahaha sounds doable . 
  ahh i see . 
  feels like i have n't seen her in ages . 
  not even cheap clothing * should * do that .
