  the concerned eyebrows are so cute . 
  for sure , they leave me fucking sore afterwards . 
  i love/hate them . 
  this looks a bit disturbing . 
  i love when goldens are so fluffy that they just look fat . 
  my baby was like that , although he was legit a very large golden plus the fur . 
  in fact this beauty looks a lot like my baby boy . 
  adorably majestic < 3, 
  i 'm gon na have a heart attack , wtf, 
  gosh , these guys are goddamn resilient . 
  this did n't look quite as one sided as that . 
  awww babyface , i still love you . 
  incredible fight . 
  seriously , i 'm both physically and emotionally drained . 
  this card has been great , honestly . 
  i am , but i 'm satisfied all the same . 
  great fights . 
  stay strong , love !, 
  what a precious pup luke was , bless him and bless your heart for giving him such a good life . 
  have fun crossing the rainbow bridge , baby luke !, 
  sooo cute !, 
  enjoy your new role in this lifelong journey , it wo n't be easy but hopefully it 'll be filled with joy and satisfaction . 
  bless you , your baby and your wife . 
  congrats , love !, 
  something something method in the madness ... jackson is a great coach and he obviously really cares for his fighters , this explanation makes the whole situation really endearing to me for some reason . 
  you shared this just a couple of minutes too late . 
  injury ? 
  i thought it was because she could n't make weight on `` short '' notice . 
  still the same exact thing being announced , regardless of source . 
  it might be three to six months before i can eat an apple , let alone take an impact . 
  seriously , this is what scares me . 
  i would have to watch that baars fight again but i seem to recall cyborg taking knees straight to the fucking jaw and not even flinching . 
  it was crazy scary how with 3 ( i think ? ), 
  fights she was able to go the distance vs a 30 + fights veteran . 
  i really do n't know if it 's possible to put cyborg out . 
  technically anyone can get ko 'd but how do you do that to cyborg ? 
  holly would need to just stick to the plan of winning round by round with points and nothing else . 
  no , it 's for sure the knees . 
  never seen anyone bring up the hips before . 
  it 's for sure the knees that are fucked , even in another post with a promo or something she 's running and someone pointed out she runs `` funny '' and the knees issue was brought up again . 
  she 's literally body goals for me . 
  i 'm so excited to see her fight again and although i like paige , i simply ca n't root against michelle . 
  i hope she takes this !, 
  sounds like a far more ambitious goal considering your circumstances haha, 
  i 'm so nervous ... let 's go , irene !, 
  awww man :(, 
  still a huge fan , irene < 3, 
  i 'm bummed for irene but man , leslie is such a lovely gal , and always game as fuck . 
  for sure she earned this . 
  come on , alan . 
  more of the same !, 
  soooo ... 
  which round did perry win according to that one judge ? 
  makes no sense . 
  it 's called `` keeping the distance vs a guy notorious for his ko power '' . 
  or `` intelligent gameplan '' . 
  retiring with a win . 
  i would have loved to see him finish it on the first when he looked so close but it was a great performance regardless . 
  bless him , so happy he 's walking away like this . 
  first round was a 10-8 for sure . 
  i had a golden retriever and sage reminds me of one so i 'm rooting for him . 
  this is the most aggressive i 've seen sage , and i 'm not talking about fighting . 
  awwww yeah , baby !, 
  no but she was about to be . 
  her face looked super red and her neck super white . 
  it was going to happen regardless , i think . 
  i do n't think she was completely out as op pointed out but there was no escaping that one , the stoppage was great . 
  i did n't see the hands but i did see the difference in color i mentioned when waterson let go of her . 
  she was for sure a second or two away from going flat out unconscious . 
  i found this one : https://twitter.com/bloggerboxing/status/810357520241987584?s=09, 
  that 's exactly what i noticed . 
  when john stopped the fight , for a second i thought `` wait , she did n't tap and she was n't out '' and as soon as i saw that color difference i was like `` nevermind , bless big john '' . 
  team instinct , arcanine . 
  this gif inexplicably makes me fucking laugh almost to the point of actual years everytime i see it . 
  i do n't even know how that happened but i do n't care . 
  never ceases to amuse me . 
  rogan had her and mad coach targaryen in his podcast , and rogan was ( figuratively ) kissing her ass like there was no tomorrow saying he knew he was witnessing history when ronda ko 'd bethe and he actually shed tears right there and then ( during the podcast ) . 
  it was super cringey . 
  how daaaare you ? 
  [ book it , uncle dana !, 
  ewww !, 
  my golden never did this but one of my yorkies definitely do . 
  i wish he did n't kiss me on the lips so much but how could i resist ? 
  my golden did however love eating flies . 
  he would catch them mid flight with dem ninja skills . 
  awww what a gorgeous face !, 
  i want to smooch this angel so much < 3, 
  i also do n't recall caraway or anyone in miesha 's camp claiming she 's been dropping boxing champions with single shots or anyone for that matter saying she had world class striking . 
  was it really rousey who broke your arm ? 
  wishing you a speedy recovery !, 
  do you not have any value or respect for originality ? 
  i like amanda waaaay too much ... 
  imagine if she actually did that . 
  super nice , humble , dedicated to her craft , friendly and on top of that a comedian ? 
  dear gawd . 
  that 's adorable !, 
  japan is such a magical place . 
  which is more or less what she said herself and expressed she 's not bothered in the slightest for that reason . 
  amanda is super chill about the entire ordeal , she just wants to go out there and do what she 's expected to do , which is defending the belt . 
  i wish her nothing but the best , she 's been a great sport this whole time .
