  oh no , no , do n't get me wrong . 
  discussion is fine and i agree with you , that 's the whole point of this place . 
  i 'm actually talking about those who just straight up whine and ca n't be bothered to even present alternatives . 
  or even worse , those who have already decided how things should play out and start throwing a tantrum because what they watched was something else entirely . 
  let 's put it the way it is , there is a bunch of insufferable individuals around here . 
  actual discussion that offers some insight is great , bitching is not . 
  no one else , really , but from a strict show-only perspective , that 's still pretty much up in the air , no ? 
  see , i 'm a show-only person , so if it was n't for the lot of you guys who discuss the books , i would n't even know who the fuck could be the daddy unless i paid a lot of attention to the previous times rhaegar was mentioned and i actually bothered to speculate . 
  if i was a relatively casual watcher , i think i 'd still need confirmation . 
  true !, 
  so i did miss it , kind of . 
  time to rewatch the whole season !, 
   he 's become, 
  legit question : has he ever not been a piece of trash ? 
  i 'm not his follower so i do n't know much about him but it always seems to me like people do n't have many nice things to say about him besides he 's a good fighter . 
   loses decision due to eye poke point deductions, 
  that would actually make me laugh , like , not just giggles but actual hysterical laughter . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't goddard a no nonsense type of ref ? 
  like , he would be the worst case scenario for jon ? 
  i 'm asking because right off the top of my head i ca n't remember what goddard is usually like . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/rzopxpmgezu ) is all the sauce i have but it seems to me that she does n't actually state it 's jealousy , she says sansa is agitated because she thinks jon is naive . 
  edit : she says so around the 1:30 mark . 
   that 's 100 % a look of concern for jon 's safety, 
  agreed . 
  sophie said sansa thinks jon is naive and that 's bothering her , i do n't see any jealousy . 
  to me she looked genuinely pleased by the fact the north embraced jon as the king and then concerned when she realized lf was not amused . 
  i genuinely failed to see the jealousy but what do i know , i 'm not an expert armchair psychologist . 
  i know !, 
  10 months ca n't pass fast enough : /, 
  goldie immediately washed his hands on the matter just in case . 
  omg , i 've seen him in memes : o, 
  these are incredibly sweet , i love the local friends he made . 
  you can tell the owner burst into laughter by how shaky the camera got when it focused on the dog . 
  kinda like what happened with holly , except that decision would have been a lot less clear but still . 
  holly would have kept the belt still which would have been like a win anyway , really . 
  cooper , you 're not a cow , put that grass down . 
  [ tis but a scratch . 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/flesh-wound.gif ), 
  maybe ? 
  but in cat 's case you can literally see the implant under her skin . 
  no , i think it was her knee problem . 
  same . 
  a killer with a baby face ? 
  yes , please :3, 
  i think jj told her to go back to the jungle where she belongs or something like that . 
  i have n't personally checked but perhaps the usa gymnastics youtube channel has the performances . 
  i 've seen them consistently upload content from the competitions . 
  right ? 
  i would be there as soon as they let me in . 
  aww man , i wanted this fight in particular to last as long as it could : /, 
  biased much ? 
  thundercats !, 
  let 's go , momma cat < 3, 
  awww man , fuck :(, 
  hey , i 'm too heartbroken for you to remind me of that :(, 
  i 'm so nervous . 
  right , because jones looked spectacular last time ... 
  this division is a mess . 
  i 'm thinking pe\u00f1a is next . 
  iirc , the entire top 10 has a loss in their respective last fight . 
  she did the post fight presser with a towel on her face because her nose was still bleeding and basically said the night was n't about her but about amanda who was a great fighter and absolutely deserved to have that belt . 
  reminds me of [ that scene with the plastic bag ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/05bf301adb8da88f74cb00b573bc93d3/tumblr_muihbjmmbj1szzka4o1_500.gif ) from `` american beauty '' . 
  but one could argue men are better at rings and pommel horse than women , which is why women do n't even compete those . 
  he could stop either edmund or ronda any day though , which is really the point here . 
  both of them were extremely out of place calling him out like that and acting like either one would stand a chance against him . 
  fact : they would n't . 
  it 's not * his * life when he has literally put other people 's lives in danger . 
  and none of the accusations are `` all speculation '' when there 's actual proof to incriminate him , regardless of which of his fuck ups we 're talking about . 
   they even look mean as fuck . 
  i once went to a petting zoo and got to feed a giraffe , camels and even a bison . 
  big creatures , needless to say , but rather lovely and even somewhat friendly ( maybe they 're too used to people and/or they really enjoy being fed ? ) . 
  however , this one other time i went to a local fair and saw one of these brahmans . 
  i could n't even bring myself to approach it . 
  most intimidating animal i 've ever seen , it was just a huge mass of muscle and loose skin and horns and just fucking nope . 
  nope . 
  gorgeously majestic things but nope . 
  mind you , bison are no joke either but at least they 're fluffy and have pretty cool afros . 
  yaks are awesome too . 
  the one with the playboy model girlfriend ? 
  i remember this other time when there was a thread discussing mark hunt and the general consensus was that being samoan is like a ped on itself . 
  performance enhancing dna is what it was called . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the stereotype is that samoans or people of samoan descent are indeed very strong or at the very least badass looking . 
  people such as jason momoa or dwayne johnson or , of course , our beloved mark , fit this ongoing affirmation . 
  granted , that is more than likely an exaggeration such as all asians are good at math or all black men can play bass . 
  anyway , the idea that the mighty samoan genes are a ped crack me the fuck up . 
  i think mark would get a chuckle out of it as well . 
  edit : spelling . 
  the mad coach edmund . 
   the fact that we have competitions for it might be part of the reason for the condition, 
  the name of the person and the exact words escape me right now but i 'm going to go with it was rich piana who once said something along the lines of `` if you can stay away from steroids , stay away from them but if you want to be a professional bodybuilder , you do n't even have a choice , you ** must ** take them '' . 
  your statement sounds very accurate to me . 
  kidney problems ( stones ) , meaning she 'd need weeks to recover after surgery and she 's also had an ankle injury that refuses to give her a break . 
  same . 
  not only she was beautiful to watch but her gymnastics were also technical and difficult enough to put her into medal contention with today 's requirements . 
  heartbreaking , she still had so much to offer . 
  that is if they let the russians compete at all . 
  i 'm terribly sorry , love . 
  a little over a year ago my golden was diagnosed with liver cancer and we had to put him to sleep . 
  it was incredibly difficult but he definitely did n't deserve to be in pain and get progressively worse . 
  mine was already very sick .
