  good for the mom 's reflexes , as you and i and several others already witnessed , a seemingly inoffensive fall can turn really fucking ugly really fucking quick . 
  i 'm a sucker for goldies with old sweet white faces . 
  what a cutie < 3, 
  i do n't know , maybe it 's because i genuinely like her but [ cat zingano 's debut walkout ] ( https://youtu.be/s15-uo2l6mu ) was more emotional , imho . 
  aww my grandma has a black doggie too and she 's super cute with her grey circles around her eyes . 
  poor thing has already lost several teeth as well so she has to be fed primarily really soft food , but she 's so happy with her nearly toothless smile and grey face . 
  older doggies are gorgeous . 
  he was a beautiful puppy and it 's amazing he had the opportunity to live his last years in the loving home you provided him with , you can definitely tell he was so happy and excited to just be there . 
  bless you for being such an angel , and bless his memory and that beautiful white face and floppy tongue . 
  goldens are such a gift to us all . 
  the title took the post to another level , very nice . 
  aliya is so graceful and i 'm crazy in love with sanne 's beam . 
  props to the `` bully '' ? 
  i mean , i think i would have gone down a lot faster than that chick did . 
  aww deadly but friendly , what a cool man . 
  bless him . 
  i have a very silly question out of mere curiosity , if anyone feels kind enough to answer : does hitting those dummies feel like hitting an actual person ? 
  or not at all or close enough or ... ? 
  what is the actual purpose of the dummy ? 
  she did admit to pretty much sexually harassing some women in a club , i think . 
  she 's truly a fucking asshole . 
  i loved it when she served shayna that huge slice of humble pie but she definitely needs some of that pie for herself now . 
  agreed . 
  my favorites are victor d\u00e1vila and werdum , both very knowledgeable and funny together . 
  man , this sucks . 
  \u00a1 totalmente !, 
  aww wishing you lots of success in this new journey !, 
  keep the material coming but most importantly , have fun !, 
  bless your heart < 3, 
  she looks like she 's made of porcelain , so flawless and gorgeous . 
  if it 's anything like [ her last fight ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aytnhkv.jpg ) , heather will get her face rearranged . 
  alexa is super sweet and humble but in the cage she 's definitely mean and wo n't hold back anything . 
  i ca n't wait for this . 
  my fellow countryman lost but it was most definitely a valiant effort . 
  great chin , great heart . 
  awesome fight . 
  chrissy blair ? 
  that 's pretty much what happened . 
  not the ref 's or griffin 's fault though . 
  when you turtle up and do n't even attempt to improve position or anything , the fight gets stopped . 
  it is what it is . 
  please , tell me the girlfriend picked alexa ... 
  same . 
  i thought he had bald spots until it struck me that they were too `` perfect '' . 
  that 's how i had it too . 
  [ this is how alexa 's last opponent ended up looking . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wwt3fm7.jpg ) i would stick around if i were you but what do i know \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  if angela maga\u00f1a is still there , i do n't see why heather should n't . 
  losing this one should put her on the chopping block though , imho . 
  gooo alexaaa !, 
  context ? 
  i need a gif of that escape and i need it now . 
  the weirdest thing is i saw others in the live thread say the same thing ... what fight were you guys watching ? 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  * maybe * round 2 went to heather but that was pretty much it . 
  i think the ufc jitters played a role in alexa not wanting to risk too much but i genuinely think she could have finished clark or at the very least fucked her up so bad to the point there would n't be this senseless talk of a `` robbery '' . 
  es triste . 
  not at all . 
  her cardio was totally fine , she 'd been training in mexico city for a little over a month so no , it was n't lack of preparation . 
  she was just hesitant to pull the trigger . 
  as others pointed out , it was probably just her being nervous because it was her debut , there was so much hype behind her and she was the local fighter . 
  and just to clarify , mexico city is at 7300 + ft , not 10k . 
  and where she normally trains she 's at 5100 + ft so even though acclimating was something to take into consideration , it 's not like she came from near sea level and altitude was going to play a * huge * role in her performance . 
  her conditioning looked as good as ever , it 's just that she did n't look like she wanted to take risks . 
  she does . 
  it 's not perfect but she can definitely hold her own when it comes to interviews . 
  oohh really ? 
  is that how similar both martial arts are ? 
  legit question . 
  great analogy , by the way . 
  awww i 'm pretty sure that was a great analogy too but i do n't know anything about rugby or football so i 'm quite lost there . 
  i love you for taking your time to try to educate me though haha < 3, 
  ooohhh interesting . 
  and is this interchangeable ? 
  like , is transitioning from judo to bjj the same as going from bjj to judo ? 
  nice !, 
  offtopic : your username . 
  amazing . 
  truth to be told , it only interests me from an outsider 's perspective . 
  i lack the discipline , passion and whatnot to actually take on the training of any sport , you name it . 
  i lift but that 's about it , and i 'm not even that serious about it . 
  so for now i 'll just try to educate myself somewhat through people with hilarious usernames such as yourself . 
  thanks , love :3, 
  ohh til :d, 
  makes perfect sense . 
  ahhh , dem fuckin ' commies . 
  pay for it '' . 
  as a spanish speaker , `` penne sauce '' made me giggle a little bit . 
  although only in my head , but still . 
  was that intentional , op ? 
  yes !, 
  so close and yet so far away . 
  * [ bows down to pray as well ] *, 
  awww shit , i did n't even see it like that . 
  i like leslie , she 's super tough and super nice : /, 
  she said it in an interview actually . 
  she called invicta `` her home '' and although i do n't recall her saying she does n't want to be in the ufc per se , i do recall her not being particularly excited at the idea . 
   she is as tough as they come, 
  the poor lady was basically protesting when in her fight vs eye her ear was about to fall off and the doctor stopped it . 
  and she also protested when cyborg dropped her and the ref saved her from a mauling , and then she said she wanted a rematch .
