  if that 's the case , then it makes perfect sense . 
  less scary but fucking scary nonetheless . 
  awww sweet holly , she makes me all warm and fuzzy . 
  i love her :3, 
  lucky you !, 
  rose looks like she 's lusting for him . 
  ugh , i hear you . 
  that 's the problem , lack of space . 
  if i were in a huge gym , i would n't even fucking care about what anyone else is doing , but the thing is , this is a really small gym and if there 's some bitch doing lunges in the one and only squat rack there is in this gym who refuses to get their ass out of there , i 'm going to be pissed . 
  not `` throw their yoga mat across the gym '' pissed , but still pretty pissed . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  this sounds like the most viable option to me . 
   like in a movie, 
  she sounds exactly like mo'nique in `` precious '' . 
  i 've seen several times on facebook people saying she starts college on monday ( so , today , actually ) . 
  do n't quote me on that , that 's all i keep reading . 
  hmmm it is good but i personally was n't crazy about it . 
  i think it 's worth watching just for mo'nique , she was absolutely brilliant in it imho . 
  anyway , if you do n't ever watch it , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvuflz0hwuk ) is a very short scene so you can see what i 'm talking about . 
  edit : linked to a better quality video . 
  well , i personally think she 's very pretty and has a really nice body , but to each their own . 
  not that my opinion matters , at the end of the day the only person whose opinion matters is luke , since he 's the one dating her , but hey , what do i know \u00af \\ ( \u30c4 ) / \u00af, 
  please do !, 
  and you better put some mishka footage in there ( yes , i 'm shamelessly in love with your puppy ! ), 
  i pretty much know nothing about bjj but i 've never found his style to be boring , like many others claim . 
  it 's just mesmerizing what he does , even when i can barely understand what he 's doing . 
  incredible man . 
  finish is on the front page , it 's amazing . 
  ooohhh i love all those bands and i did n't know this !, 
  that 's truly incredible . 
  one of the biggest reasons why i like her is because she 's very confident but she 's also very self-aware . 
  i feel like this is exactly how it went when bethe told ronda not to kill herself after she took her belt and ronda made it about her father 's suicide . 
  ironically ronda later admitted she thought about dying after her loss . 
  flair bet is my guess . 
  let 's take the headliners for this next saturday 's event , arlovski vs barnett . 
  every friday , there 's a stickied thread ( a post at the very top of r/mma 's front page ) that 's called `` friday flair bet '' , if my memory serves me well . 
  so , let 's say , i pick arlovski to win and you pick barnett . 
  we pick a flair for each other . 
  if arlovski wins ( meaning , you lost the bet by picking the wrong guy to win ) , your flair will be `` i suck dicks for a living '' . 
  if barnett wins ( i was on the losing side of the bet ) , my flair will be whatever you choose for me . 
  granted , you have to be a lot more creative than that ( giving someone a `` dicks '' flair ) , because you go on the thread , pick your guy and pick your flair ( the flair whoever goes against you gets if your chosen fighter wins ) and then someone agrees to said bet , so you want to make it fun so regardless of the loss , you or the other person at least walk away with a funny/creative flair . 
  o sea , una copia literal ;, 
   ** plagio : **, 
  en serio ? 
  why was i expecting [ this one ] ( http://cdn2.cagepotato.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/miragliotta_eyepokefail.gif ) ? 
  hopefully she 'll be able to get through her upcoming fight and then move to the weight where she belongs . 
  i 'm so excited for her and can only hope her debut is a successful one . 
  really ? 
  do n't you think the one with the virgin couple that had their first kiss on their wedding was worse ? 
  because that one has been the absolute worst for me , it made me genuinely uncomfortable . 
  wow , this is beautiful !, 
  latifi , my love :'(, 
  super old people and super young people , in my experience . 
  they 're usually the most reckless drivers . 
  why anyone thought she was legit giving props to paige was beyond me , to be perfectly honest . 
  imho , she 's not hideous . 
  i think her face is pretty , being an athlete her body is n't horrible ( not quite what i like but still ) . 
  what ruins her for me are the tattoos which i consider to be quite ugly ( not tattoos in general , i 'm a sucker for tattoos but hers i find tacky ) , not to mention her personality , or the glimpses of it i 've seen so far anyway . 
  i 'd say majority of people are very turned off by her personality , but let 's not act like she 's absolutely fugly . 
  speaking exclusively for myself , i 'd find her a lot more attractive if her personality sucked less , putting it mildly . 
  i 've never seen anyone call her gross-looking , but i 've seen her being called stupid-looking . 
  i guess it 's related to what i 'm saying , tacky tattoos . 
  that 's just my guess though , i can only speak for myself and that 's how i feel about her . 
  my favorite celtic frost album , and this is my favorite song off of it , followed by `` drown in ashes '' . 
  amazing band . 
  war krezbear !, 
  aww i read that with her sweet voice . 
  i think that 's exactly what it is ( refusing to cut weight in the past ) but even she said she 's too small for ufc 's bw and belongs in sw . 
  it 's a great thing she 's aware of that fact and hopefully she 'll make the necessary adjustments for her next fight . 
  she 's very beautiful , she 's fluent in different languages , she 's smart , skillful , game as fuck , super young ... 
  i think she meets all the criteria to get a huge push from the marketing department . 
  my goodness , she 's so cute and her voice is so incredibly soothing , i could hear her all day :3, 
  the fact that you view compliments as potential shots at getting in someone 's pants says more about you than about everyone else . 
  i can assure you no one is trying to get her attention via reddit comments . 
  but hey , if that 's how you roll , then by all means do your thing . 
  no one 's stopping you . 
  [ i freaking love bananas !, 
  thanks !, 
  i was just thinking i needed a gif haha, 
  i had a golden too . 
  2 hours is being too generous ; he would shred anything you gave him right on the spot . 
  in his mind , if it was n't edible , it had to be destroyed . 
  everyone told us this was a puppy thing , that he would stop destroying stuff when he grew past the age of 1 or 2 , but no , he continued until age 9 , always hyper , always playful , always destructive . 
  i miss him . 
  that 's amazing !, 
  i love her < 3, 
  i 'm thinking consuming too much sriracha could make your butthole burn like hell , which in turn feels like getting a lava enema . 
  [ you guys are pretty much soulmates . 
  ahhh i hear you . 
  my yorkie does that . 
  there 's no stopping her . 
  at this point she might even think her name is `` spit that out ! '', 
  because that 's the one thing she hears more than her actual name . 
  how cute !, 
  mine did n't discriminate . 
  if it was within his reach , it was his to rip apart . 
  ] ( http://d6lr56j510wa3.cloudfront.net/monthly_2016_06/05286cad90462d9811850cf641ecd73edcde97-wm.jpg.ec4dcba0d09b21f50bec634c03f2ec16.jpg ), 
  the correia fight , right ? 
  because the thread here says that 's the next one but the ufc page says tavares is next and then correia , so that 's where my confusion comes from . 
  the ufc has nothing to do with judges/referees as far as i 'm concerned .
