   why bother ? 
  i know nothing about her either ( except that she had no amateur fights and a single pro fight when she fought shayna ) but i think i read in a different thread that this is like a character or something like that . 
  i do n't even know how or why but it seems she 's acting like that on purpose . 
  do n't quote me on that though , that 's what i got from what i read . 
   i 'm saying she ca n't have a legitimate competitive career if she continues down this road, 
  are you sure that 's what she wants ? 
  and why do you care if she has a competitive career or not ? 
  agreed , but also , many sports have a fun side to it . 
  i 'm not even a follower but i 've seen children vs teams mascots in football . 
  it 's not meant to be a display of athleticism or a competitive game , it 's just a lighthearted activity meant to entertain you , if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  similar thing here . 
  freak shows exist for a reason . 
  my guess would be , entertainment . 
  see , i did n't watch dada vs kimbo or gracie vs shamrock because i wanted to see legit athletes in a competitive fight , i watched them because fuck it , let 's witness a trainwreck . 
  many smaller organizations have athletes who are legit as fuck , and they give us real , competitive fights . 
  but really , do you think people tune in to watch jazzy female or whatever she 's called have a competitive fight ? 
  no , it 's just for amusement . 
  do you think people tune in to watch gabi garcia put on an mma clinic on rizin ? 
  hell no , people just wan na watch who they throw at this freakishly large woman . 
  again , do you know what reina 's intentions are or where she wants to go from here ? 
  because i do n't , but for all i know this fighting thing could be nothing but a side gig for her and she 's just taking whatever fight for some money because she just likes to do that with her spare time , i do n't know . 
  is n't that more or less the correia story in a nutshell ? 
  an accountant who took on fighting to stay in shape and some years later she was given a title shot in the ufc . 
  what if reina is the next correia ? 
  i would n't hold my breath on that one , but * what if * ? 
  once again , i doubt she 's losing any sleep over * you * ( specifically * you * , of all people ) not supporting her . 
  i do n't support her either and i 'm not in any hurry to do so in the near future but i 'm 100 % sure she does n't give two shits about me either . 
  there happens to be a niche for people like her who are seemingly not invested in a serious fighting career but want to fight anyway , and that 's freak shows . 
  she 's doing what she wants , she 's showing up , she 's getting paid , period . 
  and in the proccess she 's already beaten a veteran ( washed up , i 'll agree with you on that one , but still ) and an opponent with a huge size advantage over her , so she 's not doing that bad imho . 
  indeed , an article with no direct quotes and poorly written ( english is n't even my first language and even i caught it ) does come across as nonsense . 
  even if she said it , did she do so with a straight face or with a smirk ? 
  did she say it with a serious tone or in a sarcastic manner ? 
  people do n't always mean what they say and they do n't say what they mean . 
  and anyhow , this was her third mma fight ever , so personally i 'd cut her some slack . 
  i know what you mean . 
  goddamn , if that was my dad getting killed on a facebook livestream just for the fuck of it , i 'd want to fucking die too , i do n't know if i could handle living with that any longer . 
  so fucking tragic and heart wrenching . 
  bless his family , this is downright disgusting . 
  sigue as\u00ed . 
  same , but it does look better after that facial rearrangement courtesy of joanna . 
  her nosejob was subtle enough to keep her still looking like herself but noticeable enough to see the difference . 
  i do think she 's super pretty regardless . 
  la neta . 
  i 'm not familiar with what he 's like or what he does outside of the octagon so i ca n't tell but i 'll take your word for it because i 'm very aware that several people have said the same exact thing . 
  i do think he 's very exciting as well and that 's as far as my opinion of him goes . 
  cyborg is a very good striker , but besides leslie smith she has n't beaten anyone with a ufc win yet \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  ( ok , lansberg has one too now but the point is that low key shitting on gdr 's opposition and record seems a bit ironic to me coming from cris ... ), 
  marloes , yes ; gina , probably ; tweet , meh . 
  but again , the point here is , cyborg calling out someone for having faced only weak opposition so far * in the ufc * ? 
  something something pot and kettle . 
  : http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/behold/2012/12/11/daniela%20rossell/third-world-blonds-have-more-money - ( itati-crying-in-her-dining-room ) % 2c-2001 ) . jpg.crop.article920-large . jpg, 
  edit 2 : \u00bf es esa la casa de su pap\u00e1 en lindavista ? 
  flair checks out . 
  oh my dog , but please , english teacher , record his reaction as you relay this information to him . 
  he 's fighting dillashaw next anyway though , right ? 
  i know !, 
  i wan na see it too . 
  i 've witnessed straight men being told that other straight men think they 're attractive and the majority of the reactions have been blushes and giggles , so i wonder if machida would react that same way . 
  admitedly i do n't know much about him outside of fighting but he strikes me as a serious man , so the idea of a blushing , giggly lyoto makes me all warm and fuzzy . 
  exactly . 
  i miss joffrey , not because i liked him personally but because his character was interesting and added so much to the story . 
  i hate cersei but now that it seems inevitable that she 'll die sooner rather than later , i fear for her , i know i 'm going to miss that character as well . 
  just because you hate how a character conducts itself , does n't mean you hate the character per se . 
  littlefinger is super interesting and has added sooo much to the story , i appreciate that . 
  but that has n't stopped me from going `` fuck that fucking guy '' almost everytime he appears on screen . 
  seriously , fuck that guy . 
  but i feel he still has more to offer so keep him around , i wan na see what he comes up with next . 
  you think ? 
  i 'm still undecided . 
  i just hope it 's an amazing fight . 
  seriously . 
  that last cruz fight was nothing short of incredible . 
  i feel like those three could beat each other any day , honestly . 
  they 're the holy trinity of bantamweight . 
  and yes , no matter who holds the belt and who challenges , we 're the winners here . 
  hahaha i actually think that 's really cute #teammommadillashaw, 
  i agree that jessy jess ' ama was incredible . 
  i thought she was super funny and clever . 
  welcome , new ~ ~ ufc shills ~ ~ mods !, 
  and i reaaally like the love clinches idea , i 'll keep an eye on it !, 
  when i grow up , i want to be a visionary entrepreneur like you . 
  for now i just want one of those dolls . 
  oh wow , the craftsmanship !, 
  that actually looks super accurate , the spitting image of michelle !, 
  what a lucky bastard nigel is . 
  i desperately need to see shane the pain . 
  last time she missed weight she insisted she did n't miss weight at all because her opponent agreed to a catchweight prior to the weigh in . 
  while technically true , it was kind of assumed that she ( or her camp , whatever ) negotiated the catchweight because she knew she was definitely going to miss weight and did n't want to look like she really did miss weight . 
  the thing is that , if my memory does n't fail me , they even gave the opponent a percentage of her ( dern 's ) purse and everything , you know , the standard procedure that comes with missing weight . 
  the `` let 's just agree to a catchweight '' thing was more of a cop out , which did n't work at all because anyone with common sense could see right through what she/her camp/managers/whoever were trying to do . 
  she still refuses to acknowledge she indeed missed weight and clings onto the `` we agreed to a catchweight '' thing . 
  again , technically true but not very honorable , imho . 
  i am one of those people you 're referring to , thanks for the info . 
  what 's happening with her anyway ? 
  why would she allow herself to make these mistakes and potentially hurt her career ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  they 're virtually identical . 
  lies . 
  look at her * objectively * .
