  she 's really soft , she can definitely afford to lose some mass in her midsection . 
  actually , she can afford to lose mass in her everywhere , really . 
  she just has to commit to either staying `` thick '' or sorting her weight out and competing . 
  for what it 's worth her ass and legs and arms would look much better if she got rid of that extra fat she 's carrying . 
  i do n't think `` chubby '' is the way to describe her but she 's definitely soft . 
  she just needs to change her fucking diet . 
  she does n't need to be shredded 24/7 , she just needs to stay fit and close to her fighting weight as much as possible , it can be done . 
  either she does n't want to do that or she does n't know how to do that . 
  if she does n't want to , then that 's it , moving on . 
  if she does n't know how to , bring someone over to teach you . 
  she 's a professional athlete , not fucking helen from reddit , she has the name and the resources . 
  just because her belly is n't protuding does n't mean she 's in optimal shape . 
  my belly does n't protude either but i can sure as hell lose these fat rolls i 'm carrying with me . 
  there really are no excuses for what 's happening here , no matter how much people try to make them for her . 
  she 's not commited , period . 
  and that 's a damn shame because she 's not really going to go anywhere from here with those habits . 
  that 's on her though * [ shrugs ] * . 
  oh no , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not shitting on her achievements or her training because it 's true , none of us have any idea what she 's doing . 
  after all , you do n't win gold medals and world championships and whatnot by being a lazy fuck . 
  what i 'm saying is that , what 's she 's been doing all these years is not going to work anymore for what she 's trying to pursue now . 
  right now she 's transitioning to a sport that requires her to make adjustments because she needs to consistently make weight . 
  if she 's really serious about making it to the ufc , she has two options : either she sits and waits for a 125 division , or she sorts out her nutrition and makes 115 because that 's the one division available for her at the moment . 
  at 5 ' 3 '' , she has no business in bw . 
  hell , at 5 ' 3 '' she 'd be one of the smaller girls in sw . 
  it 's in her best interest to make said adjustments if she wants to perform well . 
  she does n't have to starve herself , just lose 4 or 5 lbs for good ( again , look at her midsection , she can undoubtedly lose them ) and that 's it . 
  ready to fight and still looking good for her insta . 
  it 's not even a matter of if she can , for sure she can lose fat . 
  i just do n't know if she does n't want to do it or if she does n't have anyone with her to help her do it . 
  that 's where i 'm confused . 
  the video was really good , thank you for sharing !, 
  and congratulations , obviously you 're doing a great job . 
  wishing you all lots of success !, 
   stannis was able to halt shireen 's greyscale . 
  do we know exactly how ? 
  i ca n't tell if it was n't explained in detail or if i ca n't recall . 
  as he should , it 's truly remarkable !, 
  i liked that they all mentioned confidence . 
  a lot of people do n't realize that , but a language barrier can definitely hurt you in that regard . 
  you might be a very eloquent and outspoken person but if you do n't feel like you can speak a certain language in a clear and effective manner , then you might end up coming across as a very shy/introverted individual . 
  they must be so grateful for having you and your services in their lives because , again , they 're so confident in what you 've taught them and what they 've learned that they 're just ready to comfortably interact with others using their lessons , and that 's invaluable . 
  again , congratulations . 
  it must be so rewarding to know you 've shared life-changing knowledge with other humans . 
  oh , and offtopic : with all due respect , i think you 're very pretty and i like your voice !, 
  red witch ? 
  ahh yeah , so that 's what i recalled . 
  actually shireen herself explained all that , no ? 
  i do n't even know , but yeah , that 's what i remembered , that it was just mentioned that a bunch of people tried and eventually suceeded but no exact details on the matter . 
  hahaha nooo , stop it !, 
  do you want to see her get killed or what ? 
  ahhh so he 's destined to bring balance to the force anyway . 
  sorry , woodley . 
  it seems to me cub truly is `` the chosen one '' . 
  for some reason i really * reaaaally * do n't like this guy but props to him for not feeding ellenberger any more punches ( unlike hendo ) and that celebratory dance was actually very funny . 
  ridiculous ko . 
  judges are fucking weird tonight so who knows wtf is gon na happen . 
  wait , so she said she did n't want to be thrown at cyborg because she did n't `` want to be anyone 's stepping stone '' and wanted more fights to gain experience before she fights cris ... and somehow dandois is supposed to provide her with said experience ? 
  granted , featherwight is a wasteland but going from cindy to cris is like going from 0 to 100 . 
  i 'm not really following this train of thought . 
  i 'm assuming same thing you wanted to say with `` cindy has a win over megan '' . 
  hey , do n't get your panties in a bunch , sunshine . 
  i 'm just pointing out what the other person might have tried to get at with that comment . 
  this is how i see it : yes , cindy has a win over megan , but so does alexis over amanda . 
  what does that tell us about megan or amanda ? 
  not too much , i think . 
  fighters are constantly learning and improving , and the megan that lost to cindy , or the amanda that lost to alexis , are not necessarily the same fighters who are holding belts today . 
  now , i can kind of see where you 're coming from , as i do n't see why megan thinks is a great idea to campaign for a fight against someone who , indeed , looked like shit and lost and then get a title shot off of that one but hey , such is the state of that division and based on her last tweet , she just seems to be salty that cindy made it to the ufc before her but what do i know . 
  as for alexis proving `` she 's still good '' ... 
  i do n't know about that . 
  beating someone who looked like shit is supposed to prove you 're still good ? 
  that is literally the only thing that came to my mind , just avenge a loss ? 
  but calling out a bantamweight ( who lost , by the way ) to get a featherwight title shot ? 
  man , that division really has nothing , huh ? 
  hope the language does n't bother you too much , for those who do n't speak spanish . 
  anyway , it 's the full fight , straight from the official ufc 's youtube channel . 
  enjoy !, 
  aside from that i hope you 're doing fine !, 
  all natty . 
  no , but seriously , all jokes aside , why are kangaroos so damn ripped ? 
  is it in their genes or something they eat or what ? 
  anyone ? 
  please ? 
  that 's fucking illegal . 
  oh my dog , i hope somebody gave sara a hug at some point , it looks like she needs one sooo badly in that picture . 
  that 's so sad . 
  oh man , what a shitshow : /, 
  [ dog , have mercy . 
  \u00bf por ? 
  \u00bf recursos humanos ? 
  eso s\u00ed , son unas pinches chingotas diario . 
  she knew ronda was done . 
  if my memory does n't fail me , she said she saw it in ronda 's face that the fight was pretty much over and she just had to go for the kill , which is probably why she just dropped her defense and kept moving forward throwing punches . 
  basically , she had no respect for ronda 's striking and knew she just had to connect her with a good punch once to break ronda . 
  i 'm totally paraphrasing but she did express all that in interviews . 
  sounded like `` respira '' to me , meaning `` breathe '' in portuguese . 
  it does sound like nina , yes . 
  they were probably asking amanda to defend herself because , even though ronda has shit striking , she still has power and what if she somehow connected her with a good one ? 
  better safe than sorry , i suppose . 
  the timing made it look like that but she said it was because it got in her way during training and decided to go bald to avoid that .
