  they do n't . 
  beat schevchenko first and talk about the belt after . 
   you are acting like this is a division full of killers, 
  when did i do that ? 
  because i did n't . 
  as a matter of fact , the only reason why julianna is so close to a title shot now is because the division is super shallow . 
  the reason why shevchenko is ranked # 1 after barely 3 fights in the ufc is because she beat the former champ who beat the only champ the division had up until that point and because she could have arguably beat the current champ in a 5 rd fight . 
  it may not sound like a lot but it 's more significant than what julianna has done in her entire career . 
  i do n't know what makes * you * think * i * think the division is stacked . 
  it is n't . 
  that still does n't warrant pe\u00f1a a title shot . 
  not over shevchenko anyway . 
  if she beats val , then she can talk all kinds of mad shit , not before , not with her history . 
   ronda had a crazy low number of fights, 
  irrelevant . 
  re-read my previous comment, 
   back on her strike force days a lot of people were saying that other contenders were far more worthy given her lack of experience, 
  are you talking about miesha ? 
  because i remember miesha being the most vocal in that regard . 
  and then ronda went on to literally break her arm . 
  and then ronda went on to armbar her again a little over a year later . 
  and turns out ronda defended her belt 7 times whereas miesha could n't even defend it once , not in strikeforce nor in the ufc . 
  look , man . 
  i 'm a pretty open ronda hater but even then you wo n't see me shitting on her or what she 's done out of the blue . 
  why do you insist on comparing julianna fucking pe\u00f1a to ronda ? 
  makes zero sense , at all . 
  i 'll give you this , she 's certainly selling the shevchenko fight ; tons will tune in in hopes she gets fucking destroyed , denied the title shot she 's been whining about and goes back to being totally irrelevant . 
  but you 're in for a very rude awakening if you think pe\u00f1a is anywhere near as important to the division/exciting/marketable as ronda was . 
  i mentioned her at least 4 times already . 
  if julianna for some reason had to be put on hold for a while , valentina would be next . 
  hell , with the current state of the division even zingano could make the claim she should go next since she 's the last person to beat nunes . 
  trust me , the division can do just fine with or without your beloved pe\u00f1a . 
  remember when on tuf she said julianna did n't even hold a candle to any of the girls she had faced in the past , that she had nothing on her and she was just acting like they should n't even be breathing the same air ? 
  pe\u00f1a 's next fight is a title eliminator in the ufc and shayna is fighting a lady with a single pro fight . 
  i legit thought she had retired already and moved on to pro wrestling . 
  ban it . 
  life is such a rollercoaster . 
  some days you 're fighting cyborg , mcmann , nunes and some others you 're fighting [ miura ] ( http://adcombat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/reina-king-miura.jpg ) who , according to sherdog , missed weight on her one and only amateur fight so she did n't even fight and has only fought once as a pro . 
  props to shayna for not giving up on her dreams ( i guess ? ), 
  but this is a joke , really , and not a very funny one at that . 
  edit : spelling . 
  yep , shitty technique but she hits pretty hard . 
  harder than anyone currently in the division not named amanda nunes , i think . 
  if only she were technically sound ... 
  win or lose i already love her . 
  really ? 
  so that makes perfect sense then . 
  returning to the octagon when you 're pushing 40 and in a division full of killers ... no , thanks . 
  he had a great run , he does n't * need * to prove anything to anyone anymore . 
  may he find success in his future endeavors . 
  rocked by a guy whose forte is n't even punching . 
  damn , i think i 'd be questioning whether i should keep fighting or not too . 
  might as well walk away now while he still can speak in full , coherent sentences . 
  he 's put his body through a lot , he has bonuses for kotn , fotn , he 's even tasted gold ... his greatness is unquestionable , he deserves a rest . 
  ultimately , it 's up to him and he might want to retire with a win but from my perspective , he could retire today and it would n't look like a questionable decision . 
  well , two wrongs do n't make a right and i 'm not defending yoel 's questionable practices but i do recall kennedy literally grabbing him by the glove , leaving him unable to defend the punches that nearly finished him . 
  again , not saying stalling is cool but neither is glove-grabbing , that shit 's against the rules . 
  and i never stated otherwise , i very clearly said i 'm not defending yoel . 
  all i 'm saying is that , for some reason , people seem to conviniently forget , or perhaps they missed it completely , that tim grabbed yoel by the glove while he punched him . 
  i 'm assuming that if the fight had ended right there and then , yoel could have had the result overturned arguing that kennedy got the finish with the help of an illegal tactic . 
  both guys were in the wrong in that particular fight . 
   i 'm surprised you are defending systemic cheating by yoel and his team, 
  reading comprehension is n't your forte , is it ? 
   not to mention , grabbing someone 's glove is n't any different than grabbing their wrist, 
  yes , it is . 
  the unified rules specifically state that you can grab an opponent by their wrist but not by the glove , i.e. , * pulling * them by the glove . 
  if you go to the ufc 's website , you 'll find a section that discusses the rules . 
  go to chapter 15 , you 'll see that they [ make a list of what are considered fouls ] ( http://www.ufc.com/discover/sport/rules-and-regulations#15 ) . 
  go all the way down to point xx . 
  ; it reads `` holding the shorts or gloves of an opponent '' . 
   just so happens one is ok and the other is n't . 
  grabbing their wrist is ok . [ pulling them by the glove ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/infantiletimelygrackle.gif ) to fuck with their defense , is n't . 
  they both cheated , plain and simple . 
  i do n't get what is it that you 're trying to argue here . 
   pulling them by the wrist to fuck with their defense is a-ok, 
  not for even a split second did i disagree wiith you on that . 
  i do n't need to look at other fights , that 's perfectly fine and legal . 
  there 's no argument there . 
   and in the very gif you linked to , kennedy starts with wrist control and snags the end of the glove as he starts to lose his grip . 
  agreed 100 % , i can see it very clearly . 
   upon which he lets go shortly thereafter, 
   it 's not like he was holding romero 's glove for more than a split second, 
  still held it long enough to connect an extra two very clean punches to the head . 
  as soon as he felt he was n't holding the wrist he could/should have let go , but no , he held him by the glove enough time to punch him twice and let go only after he closed the distance enough to clinch ( i think ? 
  looked like clinching to me ) . 
   clearly was n't sustained or repeated enough to even warrant a verbal warning from the official, 
  big john was on the opposite side and he did n't even catch it . 
  referees are only humans , they do n't catch every single thing , specially in action-packed bouts . 
  amber leibrock grabbed the cage in her bout vs marina shafir . 
  ref did n't catch it , she did n't get a warning . 
  that does n't mean leibrock was in the right and she never grabbed the cage . 
  again , i do n't need to read anyone 's opinions or whether or not yoel does shady shit . 
  he does , that 's clear as day . 
  *** i never said he did n't . 
  why are you so focused and determined on proving to me that yoel cheats ? 
  fact : i know he does . 
  i 'm going to say it , for the fifth time i think , and hopefully this time around your brain will finally be able to process it : *** i. 
  not . 
  defending . 
  romero breaks the rules , everybody !,
