  fight was n't close at all . 
  why would you give your back to claudia ? 
  your prayers have been answered . 
  claudia 's teeth are super nice looking haha, 
  oh she 's very cute for sure but her teeth just stand out to me , they 're so straight and white , i like her smile a lot . 
  i like big teeth myself , but i do n't think they 're too big . 
  anyway , i like her smile :3, 
  daaaaamn , that was crazy . 
  not only mma . 
  i 'm a fan of gymnastics , so naturally , i could n't let myself miss the olympic events these past games . 
  i ca n't name names because i ca n't recall specifics but i wan na say one of the brazilian gymnasts was in bronze medal position and there was still one or two gymnasts to go . 
  that 's a precarious situation to be in because the other two could push you out of the medals . 
  no exageration , crowd started booing the remaining one or two ( again , ca n't recall ) and celebrating every time they did n't stick a landing or did something worthy of a deduction . 
  it was very , very rude . 
   this is the brazilian way of cheering, 
  sooo ... figuratively kicking someone when they 're down ( i.e. , celebrating when someone makes a mistake ) is part of `` brazilian culture '' ? 
  that really sucks . 
  and forget about nationalities , just in general , that 's a messed up human trait . 
  source : they actually look alike a fuck ton . 
  they got hyped . 
  and aspen ladd looks like arya . 
  crazy amazing job !, 
  except the fight with gdr was at featherweight , which should n't have any significant impact on her position at bantamweight . 
  i read it as both . 
  either the father is absent or he 's there but mom still calls the shots , mostly . 
  no idea though , i 'm too ignorant . 
   not saying he would do well , but he * could * do well . 
  so , were you on board with the idea that ronda * could * beat cain * under the right circumstances * as well ? 
  i would n't put my money on that , honestly . 
  she could have done this in the first round , to be honest . 
  the taunt and the ko all in the same few-seconds-long gif . 
  it 's got ta go viral . 
  to hide the thumbnail and avoid spoilers for those who have n't watched the fight and are planning to do so later . 
  hey , i have two yorkies . 
  they can be mean as fuck , and somewhat athletic . 
  bethe is none of those things . 
  hahaha that 's more accurate . 
  whyyyy ? 
  i want to see my hubby again :(, 
  i 'm going to try to avoid spoilers as much as i can , here goes :, 
  ideally , you would want to keep elemental weapons with you as much as you could . 
  i know i always carry them with me because ( possible spoiler ? 
  just a tiny one though ! ), 
  there are elemental enemies and said weapons make things a lot easier . 
  regarding the master sword , i have bad news for you ... yep , it does have limited durability . 
  still , you do want to get your hands on it because , without going into specific details , it will be super damn useful for certain situations , the game will explain to you which ones once you get it . 
  just hang in there , you 'll be fine , eventually haha i know at the beginning you feel like you suck , the game feels like it 's going to suck , everything sucks , it 's just tough all around , but as you go and you become a little more seasoned in battle , weapon durability stops being a problem and pretty much everything else ( there 's a literal endless supply of basically anything you find in the game ) . 
  if anything , the game only pushes you to be resourceful and get creative . 
  that 's petty as fuck but do whatever makes you feel good about yourself , i guess . 
   all the time, 
  not true , you 're just butthurt , you just admitted it yourself . 
  but again , you do you , sunshine . 
  and she 's genuinely funny , and her laugh is quite contagious . 
  she 's an awesome lady . 
   i auto downvote him because he blocked me, 
  your words , not mine . 
  that tells me that even if any of his/her comments were reasonable ( which they can be , i 've personally seen plenty ) you 'd still * auto downvote * because he/she * blocked you * . 
  butthurt much ? 
  again , petty as fuck . 
  but again , if that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside , then go ahead , `` kiddo '' . 
  i 'm sure others can live just fine without a few internet points . 
   betraying jon, 
  matter of perspective . 
  some might argue jon betrayed her . 
  he certainly did not . 
  the greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by meryn fucking trant ? 
  * nope . 
  * any boy whore with a sword could beat three meryn trants . 
  arguably , they gave her another 2 fights as well ... why she keeps getting gifts from the judges , i do n't know ... 
  i like this one . 
  [ i 'd say no chance ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ddny2xcxsaabpz2.jpg:large ), 
  i like tim 's voice . 
  time to hang them up , johnny . 
  just ... please . 
  seriously . 
  you go up in weight and still miss weight ? 
  that 's it , bro . 
  this is all i could find https://twitter.com/edthesportsfan/status/879179301391802368?s=09, 
  he looks like handsome squidward , kinda . 
  absolutely , that 's exactly what i was thinking would be the best option , just address the issue in a funny manner and move on . 
  she did it and i 'm happy for her , that 's super cool she actually went that route . 
  the father of my hypothetical future children :3, 
  why the ancient armor though ? 
  i think i want to buy it but i 'm not too sure yet . 
  help me out here , please . 
  `` whom did you call a ` good boy ' ? '', 
  then , to be fair , that would be irresponsible . 
  but that 's just a guess , so there 's that . 
  hell , if somebody came to me and told me they got front row tickets for the event and i 'm invited , i would decline . 
  fucking lame ass card ( amidoingitrite , guys ? ), 
  you say that like bethe was a ridiculous hard fight for holly . 
  it was n't , at all . 
  holly could have finished her within one round if she had any more confidence in her own skills instead of just waiting for the other person to fuck up . 
  i ca n't decide whose shirt i like more . 
  i 've posted , never had any of my stuff deleted ... probably because i read the rules before i even started posting anything here in the first place ... 
  \u00bf de plano ? 
  technicalities aside , one has a monkey and the other one a rainbow . 
  that 's where i 'm conflicted , i 'm basically mentally a little child so animals and colors amuse me . 
  yep . 
  first time she won the title controversially and got her win changed to a nc ( i think ?
