  alright , i 'll give you that one haha, 
  yes , and he also called her `` super hot '' and cerrone was like `` nah '' . 
  cerrone wanted nothing to do with that hype train . 
  bruh ... 
  so is this fight 100 % confirmed ? 
  i 've been out of the loop lately . 
  last time i read about this cyborg wrote a confused tweet as if she did n't even know this fight was on . 
  oh man , this actually makes me kind of sad , and a bit angry . 
  i get you 're hurt and disappointed but do n't be a dick , bro . 
  the crowd was n't having any of it . 
  but it was meera who did that . 
  did you really just try to compare a real world 14 year old to a feudalism-type fantasy 14 year old ? 
  even if you made the comparison in the real world , 14 year olds back in feudal times were nothing like 14 year olds these days . 
  it legit made no sense . 
  ahhh that 's a good point . 
  so this might actually be a lot more complex than just losing a match . 
  ronda and cain , maybe . 
  and since we did n't get to see pretty much anything on the first fight , i 'm curious to see aldo vs mcgregor . 
  i really like aldo and would like to see him get the belt back . 
  i totally hate ronda but would never dimish her accomplishments . 
  it is what it is . 
  i think she has the most chances out of anyone to get the belt back . 
  for sure . 
  i mean , it 's still bad sportsmanship but sports aside , maybe this man really felt there was some bad blood because of his opponent 's nationality . 
  granted , i 'm talking out of my ass because i do n't know the guy and have no idea what was going through his head or what motivated him not to shake the other man 's hand . 
  why though ? 
  genuinely curious , i do n't follow the man . 
  [ why not ? 
  get out of my life . 
  i do n't trust doctors , only pastors . 
  oohhh is that how it usually goes ? 
  that sounds pretty bomb to me . 
  that would be me . 
  i do n't like food and do n't enjoy eating but i do it out of necessity , obviously ( crazy , i suppose ) , so too much food on my plate would actually be a complaint for me , because i know i wo n't finish it and i know it 'll end up in the trash and i know i 'll feel absolutely awful . 
  this is totally personal though , and i know most people would love it if the place they 're eating at gave them large portions as opposed to the baby ones i normally eat . 
  it sounds neat . 
  i 'd read it . 
  she does look very cute here . 
  i would because that 's a bit related to my area of knowledge ( or what i 'm attending college for , anyway ) , so it not only sounds fancy but also very interesting to me . 
  i 'm waaaay too happy about this . 
  sanne is gorgeous < 3, 
  that leo has been the best one ever imho . 
  i would love it if in your vlogs you taught mishka how to do tricks , like flying armbarring people or kimuras . 
  outside of that , just do anything , really . 
  i 'll watch the shit out of anything you upload :d, 
  aww i want to see that !, 
  i love puppies , and you , of course :3, 
  simone 's teeth are way too perfect haha, 
  and laurie looked particularly cute there . 
  hair texture ? 
  what the fuck kind of criticism is that ? 
  who the fuck even brought that up ? 
  people are petty as fuck , goddamn . 
  ( sorry for the language , i just ca n't believe how idiotic some people are ) . 
  oh ... well , those were cute photos regardless haha, 
  elaborate ? 
  i 'm not following your train of thought at all . 
  nomnomjunas and namapajamas were my favorite . 
   very marketable, 
  you were n't kidding , she 's super cute . 
  i do n't know if it 's just me but she looks a bit like rooney mara . 
  that she said in her interview , yes . 
  she seems well-rounded and also pretty chill . 
  well , i 'll be keeping an eye on her !, 
  she looks nothing like ponor . 
  there really is no resemblance . 
  now , her and fasana do bare a slight resemblance . 
  right ? 
  my baby was a fur shedding machine for the entirety of the 9 years he was with us . 
  remember that dirty kid from the charlie brown cartoon that had this sort of cloud of dirt and dust around him ? 
  that was my dog , he had this permanent cloud of loose fur surrounding him , it was the weirdest thing . 
  mexico city too . 
  claro sports is the phone app and it works incredibly well . 
  i watched gymnastics there and i never had any problem ( it has every sport so you can pick what to watch ) . 
  same . 
  sweet lady but i 've never gotten excited about watching her fight . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/chrisdelia/status/766344551615369216 ), 
  it does have a `` spanglish '' origin though . 
  it derived from `` park '' . 
  the actual correct term in spanish is `` estacionar '' . 
  another one is `` puchar '' ( derived from `` push '' , used instead of `` oprimir/apretar '' ) . 
  in the future , you 'll probably find `` googlear '' , `` tweetear '' and words along those lines in a spanish dictionary . 
  that does n't make them spanish words , although they 're normally used both in written and spoken form . 
  it is spanglish , although socially acceptable and nowadays correct . 
  cortney vs holly for the p4p best hair title . 
  [ true dat . 
  wait , but what about the mouthpiece though ? 
  are n't mouthguards supposed to prevent that ? 
  is rumble that badass that he just knocks your teeth out even with a mouthguard on ? 
  serious question , it seems super crazy to me even though i for sure think that 's exactly what i saw happen . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  lots of people were offended by that rant but i sided with him so fucking much because there 's this bitch at my gym that does crunches where you 're supposed to do bench press and wo n't move even if you politely ask her to . 
  some people are incredibly fucking rude and inconsiderate and have the ability to make even the nicest of individuals lose their cool ( not saying rumble or i are saints but still ... ), 
  `` built like a bag of dry dog food '' , `` your tummy look like a old country red clay dirt road '' ... 
  i do n't care what anyone says , i thought that was fucking funny . 
  yes !, 
  that rant was such a great piece of storytelling , he painted such a vivid picture in my head and it was like i was there to see the whole thing . 
  oooh really ? 
  i thought they covered the entire set of teeth .
