  yes , they 're pretty much individual but if you want to use a social network as a mean to meassure popularity , i 'd say twitter is the one to go to . 
  twitter does show its trends based on global interest , not individual ones . 
  right in this moment , my trending topics on twitter actually have like 5 tts that seem to be in arabian . 
  tts are the same for everyone except when you change the region . 
  i do n't know who hits harder but they do hit pretty hard . 
  i think i 'm also leaning towards saying ronda hits harder , so i 'm hoping amanda has a good chin and can take whatever crappy but certainly powerful punches ronda throws at her if she does . 
  i 'm very nervous but i 'm picking amanda . 
  hopefully she takes the smart route , the holly route . 
  if that happens i 'll need an ambulance ready to assist me because i might go into cardiac arrest . 
  i 'm rooting hard for amanda but i do n't see that happening . 
  but i might die if it does . 
  haha deal !, 
  mma gods , take me but let amanda armbar ronda \\ o /, 
  which is why i 'm saying `` hopefully '' , since that 's the tried and tested formula and it 's been the only succesful one thus far , but obviously i hope she can get the win regardless of the gameplan . 
  seriously . 
  i do n't even like ronda at all and every single time i see him next to her i just want him to get his hands off of her . 
  gurl , you can do better than that . 
  how is it ironic ? 
  like , she 's been in almost every weigh-in , event , blah blah for years . 
  i can . 
  she 's a great fighter with some pretty big achievements attached to her name . 
  many may argue she 's just a big fish in a small pond , and i agree to an extent but there 's no denying she 's deserving of at the very least a few accolades . 
  the fact that i do n't like her and do n't find her particularly charming or amusing does n't prevent me from seeing all that . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  with that being said , fuck edmund . 
  he legit creeps me out . 
  the reem is an entirely different physical specimen . 
   i like people based on their personalities , not their professional achievements, 
  i feel the same exact way which is why i find it nearly impossible to like her , but then again , she 's achieved a lot and my dislike for her wo n't make things any different . 
  i like to think of myself as a more or less objective person . 
  objectively , she 's pretty outstanding at what she does . 
  subjectively , her personality sucks and i ca n't stand her . 
  many might disagree . 
  opinions are a very personal thing and change for each individual depending on their own views in life , i think . 
  even post-usada reem still looks better than hendricks , imho . 
  holy shit , son . 
  i think two more left , no ? 
  i thought it would be split , to be honest . 
  awww man , bless that kid . 
  honestly i just wanted cody to win to see the belt on the kid :3, 
  win or lose , i 'm a big amanda fan . 
  i 'm fucking shaking , i 'm fucking shaking , oh my dog , what do i do with myself ????!!!, 
  right ? 
  sign me in . 
  and some of her `` fans '' on facebook have the nerve to call that an early stoppage ... how can you possibly call yourself a fan when you 're practically mad herb saved her from some serious brain damage ? 
  stop . 
  i missed that too !, 
  that was fucking cold . 
  love me some amanda :3, 
  i 'm an open ronda hater but goddamn , i swear some of these `` fans '' are completely and absolutely delusional . 
  she was totally out on her feet . 
  did they legit want to see her on the mat taking a nap ? 
  because she was well on her way anyway . 
  at this point wishing brain damage on her for the sake of entertainment is just spiteful . 
  let the woman go , she already had a foot out the door . 
  i think pornhub or a site like that actually tweeted that at her when the holly fight happened . 
  it was fucking cold . 
  i was expecting peyton manning . 
  well shit , color me shocked . 
  it 's not even about that . 
  look , i 've never taken any punches to the face , ever ( and gosh , i hope i never will ) , but even i think i 'm sensible enough to recognize when someone is pretty much unconscious . 
  if ronda does retire , i hope those particular stupid ass followers gtfo . 
  the fact that they actually call themselves supporters of her astounds me so much . 
  just letting you know the remindmebot reminded me of your prediction . 
  i hope you bet your house on amanda :d, 
  well , a happy you and a happy kitty is great !, 
  amanda rules < 3, 
  to add a little bit of visual proof to what the kind user above just said , [ here 's a short video ] ( https://youtu.be/88bsyb9i6mc ) on how a ballerina would do what was explained to you . 
  i know this is an entirely different thing but i think that if anyone would know something about spinning without getting dizzy , it would certainly be someone who spends a great deal of time spinning , spinning , spinning . 
  i know it 's a lot easier said than done but at least you get an idea and a visual . 
  good luck , love !, 
  yeah . 
  i was totally with her until that `` you 're smart and beautiful , let the stupid people get punched in the face '' part . 
  i mean ... you can be complimenting one person without having to shit on another one in the process , or an entire group like in this case . 
  anyway , at the end of the day she got all the opportunities and popularity she did because she chose to do what `` stupid people '' do , so there 's that . 
  and i doubt those who still have their hearts and souls invested into fighting give two shits about what anyone else 's mother has to say about their life choices . 
  [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ugx0wcb.jpg ) i found on facebook almost immediately after the fight . 
  it 's been about 12 hours now so i 'm sure there 's a fuck ton more available there and on every other social media site . 
  how do people get this shit circulating so damn fast ? 
  the internet never ceases to impress me . 
  aww shit , for real ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i 'm neither a ballerina nor a martial artist but i love both very much . 
  they 're very demanding and beautiful in their own particular way . 
  if you ca n't or you do n't want to access the website for some reason , [ here 's the list ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nqukkw9.png ) of the winners in the 5 different categories . 
  i 'm impressed by how fast dom recovered every time he got knocked down , it was like he would go limp for a split second and then back up and continue to move like it was nothing . 
  what a fight these two gave us . 
  you 're very welcome n_n, 
  my point still stands . 
  you can talk about the greatness and the phenomenon that was ronda without being patronizing , whether it was unintentional or not . 
  and like i said , it 's her daughter 's `` stupidity '' the one that made her millions and even allowed her , dr de mars ( i 'm almost positive i fucked up her name ) , to have this big platform to let herself be known and recognized by the public . 
  i 'm with the op , although he/she already deleted their comment . 
  that small bit was uncalled for . 
  everything else i agree with her . 
  and i absolutely can not shit on a mother for wanting what 's best for her children . 
   `` i do n't like being somebody 's teammate and being treated like i 'm a groupie . 
  i did n't even want to go out of my way to say hello to that guy . 
  get over yourself . 
  all you do is swim . 
  if someone slapped you every time you jumped in the pool , i might have a little respect , but i was a swimmer before i did this stuff , and you ca n't tell me that swimming is oh my god , because it 's not . '',
