  thanks , captain obvious . 
   i just know there is that one girl who is obsessed with ilir latifi haha, 
  that would actually be me . 
  hi , everyone o /, 
  and yes , contraception does the trick . 
  every woman is different but , overall , this is more or less how this would work : let 's say you know your period is coming on wednesday , you fight on thursday , today is monday . 
  so , take emergency contraception ( morning-after pills or whatever they call them where you 're located ) today and that thing will ( figuratively ) fuck up with your cycle enough to delay your period to saturday or sunday , sometimes even more . 
  and just to be completely sure and comfortable that nothing embarrassing will happen to you while you 're fighting , use a tampon or a menstrual cup just in case . 
  some of my friends ( swimmers ) have done it , i 've done it . 
  i can only assume most women athletes do something along those lines . 
  hopefully , that answers your question , 
  hmm i 'm sorry but i do n't know the answer to that . 
  the emergency pill method is the only one i 've tried myself and therefore the only one i can comment on , but as far as i 'm concerned there are other contraceptives that could actually help , so i 'm thinking the short answer would be yes . 
  the iud ( intrauterine device ) , for example , will make some women not have periods at all anymore . 
  certain pills make you not ovulate anymore and therefore you do n't have a period . 
  there are several methods available . 
  but then again , every woman is different , and while the iud can make your period disappear ( going back to my previous example ) , it can also do the exact opposite which is leak like a faucet . 
  i 've heard it 's rare but it 's definitely possible . 
  it can actually get quite tricky , i think . 
  from where i see it , it 's more convenient to go for a quick , temporary fix than to mess with your cycle with an `` invasive '' method but hey , i do n't train 8 hrs a day ( or however long a pro fighter trains ) like holly holm or joanna champ do on a regular basis so i can only speculate on what they do . 
  on top of that , outside factors such as what you eat , how much stress you 're under , etc etc can mess with your cycle as well . 
  uteri are not sports-friendly . 
  they just do whatever the fuck they want to do and you 're just left to deal with it . 
  it 's really not fun . 
  you 're welcome , love :d, 
  [ awww yisss < 3 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uexgzmp.jpg ), 
  i think you 're thinking cyborg . 
  she 's the one who complained of a bad weight cut due to birth control pills which people found nonsensical that she 'd take them in the first place considering birth control pills are notorious for making you retain water and bloat . 
  and getting the least love from the general public :(, 
  man , i love dj . 
  this is actually pretty interesting , thank you for sharing !, 
  fun fact !, 
  joanna champ has a total of 447 head strikes , while jessica andrade has 403 . 
  this looks somewhat close but the disparity comes in the accuracy : joanna has an accuracy of 37 % , andrade 80 % . 
  these are rounded numbers . 
  i do n't know if that tells us anything about the potential outcome of a future fight between the two but i found that interesting . 
  also , because joanna makes almost everyone 's faces look like picadillo after she dismantles them , i never really paid attention to how much she kicks , she 's quite the leg punisher , according to these stats . 
  jojo calderwood is the closest second . 
  this is fun . 
  probably because he moves so much that you just wish he had more space to do his thing . 
  and i 'm thinking they 're giving him benavidez next , i considered his fight vs cejudo to be a title eliminator . 
  that 's an actual photo of me , true story . 
  it 's alright if you find me hot , i find myself hot . 
  latifi really has no idea what he 's missing . 
  amount of votes vs percentage . 
  when you first submit the post , you have 1 point at 100 % . 
  right now it 's at 22 pts 89 % ; it was obviously downvoted because otherwise it would say 22 pts 100 % . 
  edit : actually more straightforward than that , it 's just in the percentage . 
  posts not at a 100 % of upvotes were obviously downvoted , regardless of total points . 
  it really is n't , i mean , it 's just internet points . 
  it does n't really do anything unless you actually care about your reddit karma and care about your posts being at a 100 % at all times . 
  but really , the op was relating the downvotes to how people feel about nunes . 
  it may have been at a very low percentage when the person wrote that comment because right now , it 's sitting at a very healthy 90 % of upvotes , which would suggest people actually care about what 's being posted . 
  overall , the percentage reflects what 's welll-received and what is n't in the sub . 
  i will one of these days . 
  stay tuned , they will be unbelievably hot . 
  man , the fucking caption on that image . 
  amazing . 
  he who laughs last , laughs best . 
  ahhh i remember this like it was posted today . 
  i have [ that tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/latifimma/status/730383985247965184 ) favorited , as a matter of fact . 
  and in the replies you can see someone sent him a screenshot of the thread we had over at r/mma about this picture . 
  everyone was mirin ' pretty hard and making game of thrones references , which made me warm and fuzzy because i deeply love got and bae latifi . 
  and doggies , and death metal , and pepperoni pizza , and dank memes , and jj watt . 
  do n't tell ilir about my affair with jj though , pls . 
  seriously . 
  ] ( http://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjpe-wrvaaarzqs.jpg ), 
  yeah , it was hilarious . 
  bless that young man . 
  favorite part of this entire exchange is how your arguments are n't `` even worthy of a reply '' but somehow demands a reply from you , otherwise that means you make no fucking sense . 
  amazing . 
  bless your heart for even taking it this far . 
  do n't reply to me , i 'm not the one who typed that , and i already told you how i feel about you and this argument i think yesterday or something . 
  and an extra person already called you `` helpess '' as well , are you seriously that desperate for attention ? 
  how many people do you need to call you out on your ignorance before you get the message ? 
  look , if you need someone to talk to , we can be pals , no hard feelings . 
  if not , then bye , felicia . 
  and it 's going to continue from where i see it so i 'd move on with my life if i were you . 
  i do n't know , that 's just a thought . 
   all i was attempting to get from you is recognition of this, 
  which you wo n't see me do because i never did that , no matter if this is the sixth time i tell you i 'm not defending romero nor i ever would because i 'm perfectly aware he and/or his corner does shaddy shit . 
  i 'm not equating incidents , i 'm just pointing out they happened , which they did . 
  are they equal ? 
  i do n't know , but i 'm not debating that . 
  do you see why no one bothers to dignify you with actual answers ? 
  because you seemingly lack the capacity to engage in an actual debate that does n't revolve around `` meh meh meh just say you 're wrong and i 'm right boo hoo '' . 
  if you do not understand any of my points , that 's not my problem . 
  i 'm responsible for what i say , not for what * you * think i said . 
  keep twisting my arguments and getting mad , that 's your right and your prerogative . 
  but do n't pull out the victim card when people refuse to acknowledge you in a serious manner because at this point you 're just being a nuisance and some of us have greener pastures to tend . 
  period . 
  pointing out the obvious is not a `` personal attack '' , but then again , keep twisting shit up , no one can stop you no matter how hard they try . 
  and for the second ( or third ? ), 
  time , stop . 
  no one will answer shit to you . 
  i know i personally wo n't and i 'm willing to bet the other two people wo n't either . 
  move on . 
  it 's not healthy to obsess over online arguments . 
  so , basically , they 're working on it to headline the card but it 's not confirmed yet . 
  sounds like a pretty cool fight but i 'm genuinely concerned for hendricks safety at middleweight .
