  heavy shit . 
  plank goals . 
  just tuned in . 
  who won esparza vs lima ? 
  love you , yair < 3, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  * all men must die . 
  me too !, 
  in a way , i 'm a sucker for chaos so i want `` evil '' to triumph , for a change . 
  also , i love ww . 
  i 'd love to see them win . 
  video version is the best version , for sure . 
  you fucking got me for a second , i was ready to google that shit . 
  great job . 
  amazing . 
  i 'm officially looking forward to seeing all your reviews from now on . 
  awesome job !, 
  well , you rightfully earned it !, 
  and someone got called a cholo ... was it diaz ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  and what was up with that thing about brazilians and slavery ? 
  i ca n't even quote him because lots of things he 's said have been so foul imho that my brain has decided to discard them . 
  i 'm amazed anyone can pull the `` that 's racist '' card and be a fan of him at the same time . 
  it 's just strange . 
  and he even attempted to tell everyone he was dressing like el chapo ... riiight . 
  yes , that one !, 
  what a character . 
  mexican woman here . 
  i was completely lost too and the phallic shape of that thing threw me off so much . 
  for me , the first glimpse of change happened when he acknowledged his `` real father lost his head in king 's landing '' . 
  he knew he had fucked up really bad and unfortunately , that 's when it all went downhill for him . 
  maybe he was already on his way to redeem himself somehow but shit hit the fan before he could even attempt anything . 
  i like how people act as if life is either black or white , with nothing in between . 
  he said it himself `` i made a choice and i chose wrong '' . 
  that alone should be enough to make your life quite shitty , regret is a real bitch . 
  right ? 
  it was just a figure of speech to me . 
  i feel like people are so paranoid about these `` foreshadowings '' and whatnot that they start reading waaay too much into things . 
  duuuude . 
  i 'm amused by her ability to wear the most unflattering stuff almost every time . 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking !, 
  look at his baby face . 
  he 'll have it forever . 
  like elijah wood . 
  legit question : does working out submerged ( kind of ? 
  ca n't think of a suiting word ) in the sea serve an actual purpose ? 
  i 'm assuming that the current/tide/whatever throws you off balance a bit so it could help you with that but what does it actually do for your training , if anything ? 
  i 've seen so many people ( both athletes and non athletes ) workout on the beach that i just wonder if this is just a matter of preference and loving the location or if it does serve an actual purpose to be there . 
  ahh , yes , that 's what i figured but is the difference between training there and any other location very significant ? 
  like , will it have an actual impact on your overall performance ? 
  for example , training at really high elevation does have an impact on your preparation and performance , no ? 
  ( i 'm looking at you , sea level cain ) . 
  oh for sure . 
  not that i would know since i 've never worked out at a beach but it does look like a rather nice thing to do . 
  thank you for your replies :3, 
  how so ? 
  no but , how is roadwork out of the question ? 
  by roadwork do you mean running and such ? 
  that was straight and to the point , very clear . 
  thank you , love . 
  everyone said he would open his eyes at the end of the second episode so it was expected and i still came buckets ... 
  #lord of light , have mercy, 
  i 've always thought that the reason why peter is able to deliver his lines so emotionally and authentically , besides being a great actor , is because he can actually identify with some , or a lot of his dialogue , in a way . 
  kind of like when natalie dormer said the line when margaery explains sansa others used to make fun of her `` piggy nose '' was something she legit went through growing up . 
  i do n't know , there are times he just sounds so real and personally invested . 
  you can literally see the name in the back . 
  spanish version did it as well . 
  giving it to beck , but barely . 
  very close fight . 
  her eyes are so pale blue they 're almost white . 
  intimidating . 
  got theme ... 
  i 'm tempted to root for her ... 
  what is dead may never die . 
  this referee and his radical beard , i dig it . 
  stanley really likes to move , huh ? 
  shannon is arm goals . 
  ohhh laura , you gorgeous thing . 
  i missed you < 3, 
  at the buzz !, 
  i know everyone 's drooling over megan 's ass ( figuratively , unfortunately ) but i 'm more in love with her dimples . 
  i 'm a sucker for dimples . 
  ( \uff9f\uff9b\uff9f ) \uff63 hurry up and happen already !, 
  you da real mvp . 
  i think she is . 
  i think i saw her fight on invicta 1 and then never again . 
  and iirc , her twitter bio says `` former fighter '' . 
  i 'd say she is . 
  ahhh i was going to ask about him earlier but i simply could n't remember his name . 
  charmaine tweet looks like she could be somehow related to sage northcutt ( sp ? 
  holy spinning shit , son . 
  i feel like angela could have finished the fight a couple of times when she really rocked souza but did n't want to risk it . 
  great fight regardless and she looked so improved tonight . 
  and new !, 
  i think she said she does n't want to go there and that invicta is her home . 
  schneider looks like she could go surf after this fight with that attire . 
  i feel like i 'm going to see colleen 's labia any second now . 
  oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  she kissed laura right on the mouth . 
  at that point , the hound did n't * just * like/tolerate arya .
