  considering she 's had it like that for a while , i believe she does feel more comfortable with no hair . 
  awww that 's an incredibly tiny kitteh . 
  congrats and wishing you a ton of success on your future plans !, 
  if by `` formatting '' you mean the subreddit 's theme , you can turn that off in your own account 's preferences . 
  and the bots are there to explain to anyone who is n't familiar with tags what they do and how they should be used , not to make anyone 's experience `` intense '' ( whatever the f that means ) . 
  unpopular opinion , indeed . 
  i think yes but , other than cersei who knew her kids were toast ( because of the profecy ) , who saw those deaths coming ? 
  for all he knew , stannis was the next in line anyway considering joffrey and tommen were bastards so he had to take the throne asap . 
   someones testy, 
  not me , i 'm not the one low key complaining about how some petty crap is ruining the experience for me . 
  i literally only explained what bots are for and how to turn themes off . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ahhh , so that 's where you felt like getting defensive ? 
  well , sorry , buddy . 
  but such is life , and people sometimes cuss without any intentions to offend , i was just genuinely confused as to wtf does `` new level of intensity '' mean . 
  like , what 's so intense about an automated message ? 
  still confused but do n't really care , to be honest . 
  anyway , moving on !, 
  somebody called it , right ? 
  that he would do this exact thing ? 
  edit : totally offtopic ... so is it * meh-gan * or * mee-gan * ? 
  not a native english speaker here , so i 'm confused . 
  i always went with `` meh-gan '' . 
  ahh , so it changes regionally ? 
  hmm i see . 
  thank you !, 
  the other reply i got says yes so it 's a yes , then . 
  i suppose haha, 
  i totally understand that and i actually agree with you but here 's the thing , megan has actually called out cyborg . 
  i think ? 
  if not , at the very least , she has gone after her on twitter . 
  last time i checked ( literally , i have n't gone there in a little while ) , megan tweeted something like `` you 're just salty because you do n't have a belt '' to cris . 
  like , do n't poke the bear , man . 
  personally , i think megan should n't have even acknowledged cyborg in the first place . 
  yes , 145 is super shallow and that fight is going to happen sooner or later , but for now , just do n't say anything . 
  just stand by what you said in the past , that you want more experience , that you want more fights , stay at invicta . 
  crisis avoided . 
  but to publicly campaign to get signed in the ufc where fw has next to zero fighters ... you know you 're gon na fight cyborg no matter what . 
  again , not disagreeing with you , i mean , fuck ariel for this one but unfortunately megan already low key set herself up for it . 
  and like i 've said several times in the past , what a shitshow this entire thing is . 
  ahhh great example . 
  \u00a1 funciona !, 
  can confirm . 
  no distingo . 
  hahaha ohh man , that took me off guard . 
  i thought he was going to explain what they do first and then proceed to do it but nope , he went straight for it . 
  i jumped and then i laughed , it was so weird . 
  anyway , thanks a lot for sharing !, 
  that was incredibly fascinating . 
  edit : i had no idea human liver is that big . 
  and kind of went off on thug rose too . 
  as additional info , people type like this so you can differentiate between this funny sub and any other actual nsfl subs right away . 
  hahaha r/whatswrongwithyourdog, 
  [ esto ] ( http://gameofthrones.wikia.com/wiki/night%27s_queen ) sugiere que s\u00ed hay . 
  ni puta idea . 
  i have a question for any of the kind and knowledgeable people in this sub who would like to answer :, 
   experts speculate that due to the cold weather , the child may have been lying in that box between 2-3 days to 2 to 3 weeks, 
  why is there such a large gap in the time they speculated they boy had been dead ? 
  does cold weather actually preserve a body that much to where a 2-day-old cadaver looks about the same as a 3-week-old one ? 
  or what does that mean ? 
   heavenly father bless this unknown boy, 
  i 'm not religious but if there 's a god , whichever it is , any god , i hope it did take his little soul under its embrace . 
  poor baby . 
  knowing what experts in the forensic field today know , and with all the technology and such , had this boy died in recent times , would it be possible to identify this child and his possible perpetrators ? 
  my gut feeling says yes but i do n't know . 
  i think but i 'm not sure right now and feel too lazy to google . 
  ohhh like uncle dana is the one to blame for that , come on now . 
  i 'm totally behind white on this . 
  jessica eye too . 
  is this what makes some olympic athletes pop and get stripped of their medals years after they competed or not ? 
  coming from a place of absolute ignorance , i must ask :, 
   it would be highly unusual for that to be a natural increase, 
  so would it be possible for said t/e levels to change without doping or anything ? 
  or is she like in big trouble now because there 's virtually no way of explaining that other than doping ? 
  oooh ok , that makes perfect sense . 
  thank you for explaining !, 
   or something else, 
  like what , for example ? 
  i guess what i want to know is if she can get creative and claim something like her supplements did n't have a label on them , or the meat she ate at some foreign country tasted funny , or her skin was flaky and she needed some really thick moisturizer , or just one of those explanations that people like to come up with . 
  how fucked is she ? 
  and i 'm sorry that i 'm asking these questions , you might not be an expert but at least you do seem far more knowledgeable than me . 
  yes , and ashlee was weed too . 
  my three baby mommas all together . 
  love those ladies . 
  because it 's one thing to say `` i think fighter abc is pretty fucking terrible because of x , y or z reason '' and another one to say `` fighter abc is a fucking cocksucking fucking son of a fucking bitch , fuck 'em '' . 
  bashing brings absolutely nothing to the table , and you just come across as some petty kid making inflammatory comments for the sake of making inflammatory comments . 
  you have social media , you 're free to bash over there as much as you want , those are n't as closely monitored . 
  arm goals as fuuuck < 3, 
  haha dat flair . 
  and leaving like that . 
  that 's fucking sad . 
  arm goals . 
  overrated in the sense that for some reason people love to bring it up to backup the claim that kk did a great job , which she did n't . 
  yeah , jj was rocked but she recovered relatively fast ( from what i can recall , anyway ) and continued to dominate just as she did all the time . 
  it was a good punch but that was it . 
  the fight was n't close at all , with or without the punch . 
  it is overrated in that sense , like i said . 
  people give karolina waaaaaay too much credit for it . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i think it 's the whole `` bae '' thing that 's clouding their judgement , honestly .
