  a hot mom , i insist . 
  duke should retire too . 
  like , maybe follow shayna 's footsteps and do pro wrestling or something . 
  it 's just crazy how bad she looks every time . 
  yes . 
  i heard that after i wrote my comment . 
  so she is officially a milf . 
  i like her , i 'd actually wear that shirt , it was so cute . 
  i want to see hill vs grasso . 
  hill has improved so much lately and i just think that if grasso were to win , she 'd go to the ufc . 
  it would be a great fight and very positive for either one . 
  they 've been consistently good lately . 
  great fights and great pacing . 
  same . 
  win the invicta belt first , go to the ufc second . 
  thank goodness . 
  i do n't like taunting and i do n't like bullshit animosity . 
  and polish cutie is such a cutie . 
  homage to her kids , according to the commentary . 
  whoa , this is actually pretty fucking cool . 
  she looks like she 's melting . 
  i actually feel bad for her , her face gets insanely busted so quick . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think they 're waiting for her to win the belt to bring her over . 
  or learn to use ... anything , really . 
  she just looks so bad every time , like she has absolutely nothing . 
  before tuf she actually looked like maybe she had potential . 
  it 's been downhill from there . 
  which is great , in my opinion . 
  a belt will provide her with more value from a promotional stand point , i think . 
  she has looked amazing so far in invicta but the strawweights over at the ufc are entirely different beasts . 
  or give it a rest entirely and try something else . 
  it 's just getting pretty awkward and embarrassing , not to mention very heartbreaking for her . 
  she was straight up sobbing on the canvas . 
  i genuinely think she 'll never get anywhere , not in this line of work anyway . 
   she never really liked using her range despite being a fucking giraffe, 
  it seems almost impossible for me to believe that a person , just any person , would just blatantly not want to take advantage of a `` gift '' they have . 
  i really do n't know what to say except i wish her the best in whatever path she chooses but i ca n't help thinking it 's best if she does n't choose fighting . 
  she 's been a professional for at the very least a couple of years and switched gyms three times and she still ca n't fight ? 
  that 's rough . 
  i 'm not sure i know what the top 10 looks like so i ca n't tell . 
  shayna does pro wrestling now so i 'd assume she 's already retired . 
  well , she used to be a model , allegedly . 
   fought like he was trapped in an invisible phone booth permanently . 
  that 's legit what it looks like . 
  cracked me up . 
  exactly . 
  i believe in my homegirl but i 'd like to see her gain a bit more experience , particularly after a 17 ( ? ), 
  month lay off even though she looked amazing last night . 
  evinger straight up said she does n't want to and hill got cut . 
  she 's improved a lot since that , it seems , but who knows . 
  weird ass scores . 
  it was pretty decent . 
  exactly . 
  thanks , edmund !, 
  wait , no ... 
  getting that sweet money , maybe . 
  shout out to master cordeiro . 
  el guapo approves . 
  do it , baby rose < 3, 
  oh no , her nose :(, 
  they look tired . 
  oh man , i think karolina takes this . 
  love you , baby rose < 3, 
  judging is fucking weird tonight . 
  love my girl rose but i do n't get why this was a split . 
  is this the night of the underdogs ? 
  is tyron winning next ? 
  am i even paying attention to the odds ? 
  and as a rose fan i was praying she did get it haha great job by karolina , but i 'm scared for her now because she 's so cute and more than likely jj will rearrange her face : /, 
  what a body . 
  everyone 's ` mirin, 
  no homo . 
  it happened , guys . 
  it fucking happened . 
  i feel bad for robbie :(, 
  but then looking at tyron 's booty i kind of feel comforted . 
  what is hype may never die, 
  same . 
  the best part is she 's super young and can only get better from here on . 
  i am actually not that super bummed she lost because that means she wo n't face jj . 
  that 's the silver lining , amirite ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  are you from the future ? 
  this looks like it is an actual transcript . 
  you should actually tweet him that very last part . 
  now i 'm kind of hoping a fw calls him out and beats the shit out of him just for laughs . 
  that was an amazing upgrade in seats , indeed . 
  ] ( http://m.quickmeme.com/img/89/89d6949df833e11a996d0b35363b47a60409701c182c842be4a9117a09846984.jpg ), 
  i just tuned in . 
  anyone care to write a super brief summary ? 
  how has the event been so far ? 
  i know the title of your article says `` android '' but i do n't think it has anything to do with android , really . 
  wrong sub , a trump-related sub is where you 'd really want to post this . 
  if you can dream it , you can do it . 
  loljules for olympic champion !, 
  i genuinely wanted to see that fight so much . 
  if maga\u00f1a is still there , i think clark can hang in there a little bit longer . 
  why is maga\u00f1a still on the roster anyway ? 
  raunchy photos is literally the only thing i can think of .
