  haha wow , i know gina is n't good but is ronda really that bad ? 
  never watched anything with her in it . 
  i do n't know if there 's any other fighter ( female ) who happens to be genuinely scary like cyborg . 
  serious question : are there any obvious holes in her mma game ? 
  everyone has a weakness for sure and i ca n't really tell which is cyborg 's . 
  what could be a good gameplan against her ? 
  amazing !, 
  keep it up , you 're doing a great job !, 
  i like your matches . 
  it feels like i have n't seen kaufman and carmouche fight in years ... 
  i 'm wondering the same exact thing . 
  guidance does n't have much to do with motivation . 
  he could have objectively told her what to do next and then motivate her by telling her something nice . 
  but if your fighter is getting their ass beat and you say absolutely nothing of substance that could help them right when they need it , not only your motivational words mean shit , you 're also leaving them defenseless . 
  no one knows for sure what could have happened if edmund gave her some actual advice , maybe the result would have been exactly the same , but at least this whole `` edmund is a shit coach '' talk would n't be quite as persistent , i think . 
  the truth of the matter is , a lot of people are attributing ronda 's loss to edmond 's poor coaching . 
  sure thing , lots of others are attributing it to many different factors besides that one but the coaching aspect is being brought up almost every time , without fail . 
  rose is the most beautiful in mma for me but alex is so pleasant to the eyes as well . 
  i think her looks are vastly underrated . 
  do n't even get me started on the fact that she 's obviously very smart and the way she speaks is so soothing . 
  she 's a very well-rounded lady in the beauty department . 
  i love holly so much but honestly , i think i love chaos a lot more . 
  if that really happened , i would n't even be mad . 
  that 's exactly what i 've been saying the whole time !, 
  holm 's a smart fighter , why take an unnecessary risk ? 
  stick to your style and secure rounds . 
  if securing a round means you have to go balls to the wall , then go balls to the wall . 
  but if securing a round means you can jab , jab and circle a bit , then do just that . 
  that 's the type of fighter holly is . 
  so happy for the new queen . 
  long may she reign . 
   sandor had to deal with the realization that the only person who cared about him on the planet , actually abandoned him like all the rest . 
  good grief , i did n't think about that in particular . 
  that fucking blows , man . 
  i loved that character so much , bless his poor , missunderstood heart . 
  as in she 's fighting cyborg next ? 
  i 'm not familiar with her name , is she new to invicta ? 
  i like watching cyborg fight . 
  i just do n't understand why invicta 's events are so late ... 
  oh , sweet , sweet irony . 
  speak for yourself . 
  yes !, 
  edmond `` the mad coach '' targaryen . 
  what if ronda loses the rematch and as the crowd is celebrating he goes berserk and starts yelling `` burn them all ! '' ? 
  will ronda 's mom step in and stab him in the back ? 
  same here , my gym has a crap ton of guys with `` beer bellies '' but they 're madly strong . 
  i think they 're just aiming for strength and not for looks , which is perfectly valid and a tad sexier , in my opinion anyway . 
  * [ dramatic closeup of edmond 's face as he 's laying on a pool of his own blood while staring at nothing ] *, 
  except this person never stated labels are bad . 
  the argument simply was , in other words , `` i do n't use them personally '' . 
  i personally find that the music that i enjoy the most falls under the label `` technical death metal '' and the most cringy for me is `` gothic metal '' , but for the most part , i 'll listen to anything without stopping to think if this is the subgenre that i like or not , so i can totally see this person 's point . 
  i can see your point as well though , because , like you said , since i know exactly which subgenre ( s ) i enjoy the most , i can search for other bands along the same lines ( i.e. , refining ) . 
  i fail to see what part of that comment conveyed `` i do n't understand the concept of subgenres '' , unless you were broadly speaking . 
  i hear you , although i do n't know why you got all those downvotes . 
  maybe enjoying all kinds of music is a bad thing , i guess ? 
  upvote for emperor because that 's exactly what i 'm listening to right now . 
  nice quote but i wonder why he is n't applying it to himself . 
  how so ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  that would be crappy for sure . 
  reminds me of this story i read about this weird ass woman who fed her child pills filled with tapeworms to make her skinny without the girl knowing . 
  i really hope those * protein * shakes they fed him had nothing weird in them , that would suck . 
  upvote because you were goddamn honest and that 's refreshing . 
  i remember sarah kaufman saying she 's a nice person herself but she feels like a bitch compared to holly , because holly is not only nice but also sweet and compassionate . 
  people who know her or have met her truly praise her as a person . 
  awesome !, 
  enjoy your victory and may your future be bright . 
  yep , miesha threw some good punches but it was in no way a close fight . 
  i think people just like to think it was competitive because it lasted more than 2 rounds but that 's about it . 
  to be fair , i 'd have to watch that fight again but i do recall it being all rousey and her takedowns . 
  it 's funny that you use her as reference because she 's tested positive in the past as well . 
  not very relevant i guess but i still felt like putting that out there . 
  dem hashtags ... and why does this look so legit ? 
  are you from the future ? 
  nope , the only acknowledgment holly gets is being referred to as `` this chick '' . 
  because , apparently she 's just some chick that needs to be beaten and nothing more . 
  how cute !, 
  i 'm mexican so the color scheme for the eggs pleases me . 
  i guess some italians might feel the same way . 
  very nicely done !, 
  this person is a very talented artist . 
  does that artist happen to be you ? 
  we even share the same name , although not the talent at all . 
  your username though < 3, 
  what happened to carla , though ? 
  what is she up to these days ? 
  dana said he has no idea where she is so i do n't even know what 's going on ... 
  i know !, 
  i feel ... robbed . 
  is this real life ? 
  aldo crying his eyes out made my heart ache . 
  bless his heart . 
  it 's incredible , please do . 
  that looks really funny but honestly i hope he 's fine . 
  i can definitely see why it 's best to restrain someone after they get ko 'd . 
  bless him . 
  i 've trolled him hard in the past . 
  and i was n't even discreet about it , i 've straight up been an obviously inflamatory asshole just for the sake of cheap and idiotic comedy and he 's fallen for it , and pretty hard . 
  that 's when i concluded he 's either not a very brilliant individual or he lives in a bubble . 
  have n't listened to anything by him in many years , i used to be a fan back in my more black-metal-only days .
