  i believe she did but i also recall her admitting she 's too small for bw and should move to sw , so i 'm confused . 
  it 's cool that she 's so confident in herself and her skills that she feels weight is not an issue at all but come on now , let 's get real . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , this is not meant as disrespect to her in any way , shape or form but if she looks like [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/crvcifsvmaa1mam.jpg ) at weigh ins ( not ceremonial , * the * actual weigh in ) then i 'll go ahead and say she could definitely lose the weight and make 115 , for her sake and subsequently her career 's . 
  if evans-smith did [ this ] ( http://i66.tinypic.com/x0wn0k.jpg ) to her , imagine what the likes of mcmann or zingano would do to her . 
  not dropping weight is n't the brightest of the ideas , imho . 
  bless your heart and keep up the kind labor < 3, 
  i am titaniuuuummm, 
  correia moves like she 's drunk or something . 
  same thing was being argued last time with ronda . 
  yeah , ok , none were ko 'd stiff and they even looked like they were still conscious and aware of their surroundings but they were done for sure . 
  ronda walked like a zombie as she approached herb , vitor moved drunk as he was helped to sit on the stool . 
  enough head trauma for the night for them , good thing the refs spared them from losing any more brain cells . 
  [ julioprofe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/julioprofe ) es el mvp , en mi opini\u00f3n . 
  part of me wants to see her win her next fight , part of me wants to see her get manhandled ( womanhandled ? 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af ) so she finally makes the conscious effort to move down . 
  i really , really like her . 
  ultimately , i wish her the best . 
  you heard it here first !, 
  pretty sure it was a joke . 
  maybe he spent all of his budget on that tv so no money left for vr and now he 's * really * on a budget . 
  or read the article first instead ? 
  she did n't tear anyone down . 
  oh , and dern has already accomplished a lot . 
  winning multiple medals in her sport and being ranked # 1 by the ibjjf does n't seem like * something * to you ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  i think that if bjj were an olympic sport , dern would be too . 
  she already has a fuck ton of medals ( gold included ) in several different international competitions . 
  her not being an olympic hero has nothing to do with her , really . 
  eyy . 
  v\u00e1yanse a la verga , putos . 
  [ top kek . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mexico/comments/5hdxij/han_sido_racialmente_discriminados/ ), 
   es parte de su creencia de que chance y pega o qu\u00e9 se yo, 
  right ? 
  some people get super paranoid . 
  \u00bf recurro a twitter ? 
  \u00bf a facebook ? 
  reitero , estamos por la verga . 
  edit : formato . 
  fin . 
   king reina has a win over an old and shot bazler, 
  wait , wait . 
  i remember the thread with the announcement of the bout and then lost track of it . 
  so shayna lost ? 
  so that 's it , right ? 
  time to go full-time wrassling , no ? 
  25 fights under her resume and getting outgrappled by a woman without an amateur record and on her second pro fight ? 
  that 's fucking rough . 
  he actually started crying at some point when they read one of his tweets or an email or something where he was saying he went to christy 's house that night ( the night of the attack ) to propose to her . 
  and another time pretty much everyone laughed when the defence read some texts from christy to wm that were quite explicit . 
  aside from that , i ca n't tell you much because i did n't watch the entire thing ( it was hours and hours and hours of footage - christy 's testimony alone exceeded 6 hours ) but those two i did see . 
  oh , and it appeared to me that he had a bit of a hard time looking at christy 's mom when she testified , like he looked genuinely uncomfortable . 
  his eyes were looking down almost the whole time but there was barely any reaction from his part even when momma mack straight up told him she wanted to shoot him . 
  overall , he looked relatively calmed during the whole thing aside from the instances i pointed out but then again , i did n't watch the entire thing . 
  what if he gets jumped though ? 
  i guess he could beat 20 guys one after the other if they go at him one at the time but what if all 20 of them go at him at the same time ? 
  not even 20 , less than that even . 
  while he 's trying to set up his submission , someone else might stomp on his head , another one might grab him by the nuts , who the fuck knows . 
  i do n't think a prison fight is anything like a cage fight where there are rules and a referee trying to make sure you 're overall safe . 
   do n't you think she would be dead if that were his intent ? 
  more like seriously injured ( even more so ) but i see what you mean . 
  like , my grandpa got shot in the head , but he got shot in a weird angle that made the bullet go in and actually out of his head so he did n't die right there and then , but there was most definitely an attempt , as you do n't shoot people in the head for shits and giggles , you do so because you 're * actually * attempting to kill them , therefore `` attempted murder '' is 100 % the charge to go for . 
  granted , i 'm in mexico and this all happened here but i 'm assuming the same logic would apply in the us . 
  i 'm thinking he would have been found guilty for sure if , let 's say , instead of cutting her hair with a knife he would have stabbed her in the chest with said knife and somehow managed to barely miss her vital organs resulting in her surviving . 
  i mean , there * was * an attempt , but he did n't succeed . 
  anyhow , i think this is a pretty grey area but i do n't find it complete and absolutely outrageous that that particular charge did n't actually stick , it just looked a bit subjective to me as opposed to , let 's say , the assault charges . 
  there was nothing subjective about that shit . 
  i think he allegedly blew her a kiss , no ? 
  not that it changes your point though as saying something inappropriate and blowing a kiss are equally assholish but yeah , fucking weirdo . 
  carlos is sexy any time , any day , no matter the look . 
   just watch any of his stuff on instagram , he has an amazing positive energy all the time , always smiling , laughing , and joking, 
  this is why i 'm a really big fan . 
  he strikes me as a genuinely nice man , and in my book he 's mega hot ( sorry not sorry ! ) . 
  win or lose , i 'm rooting for him . 
  same exact case with holly . 
  yeah , she 's not the most exciting fighter on the roster or the most skilled but i just ca n't find a reason to hate on her . 
  anyway , ilir is bae so i just hope he wins and wins and wins !, 
   i 'm straight and i have to agree he 's gorgeous, 
  haha how cute !, 
  no , seriously , i found that super endearing . 
   did you see those huuuge nails they pulled out of his feet ? 
  fuck yeah , that was fucking nasty , i cringed so hard . 
  i actually tweeted at him wishing him a speedy recovery and telling him he 's crazy beautiful , because i 'm a weirdo like that . 
  i can only hope that , as nasty and painful as that looked , it actually helps him with his training . 
  i 'm not an athlete by any means but i am into weightlifting , and i happen to have terrible knees . 
  fuck my knees , they actually hold me back so much . 
  i ca n't even fathom how terrible and frustrating it must be for actual pro athletes to be held back by a somewhat disfunctional body part . 
  in my case it 's just a hobby , but in their case it 's their actual job , so if in latifi 's case that surgery actually helps him get better at training and subsequently at performing , then more power to him . 
  made him go full ragdoll . 
   attacking someone with a foreign object, 
  super legit question because i do n't watch the wwe ( only event i ever watched in my entire life was the one where they throw dudes in the ring every minute or so and they have to throw each other over the 3rd rope ) : do n't they hit each other with chairs and such ? 
  oohhh ok , that explains it . 
  thank you !, 
  laura looking gorgeous as usual and julie looks super pretty as well , i like her voice . 
  yay , random facts !, 
  only other lw fight i recall was tweet vs rothenhausler and both have fought at fw so yeah , lw does n't even really exist , basically . 
  damn , careful with that outfit , lady !, 
  none of my pe teachers ever looked like she does . 
  she reminds me a bit of marina shafir . 
  speaking of which , what happened to her ?
