  no one . 
  homicide is ruled out . 
  and because this cop was in the middle of a car chase , it 's safe to assume he was n't trying to kill anyone ( except for the suspects in the other car he was chasing if the situation escalated to that , maybe ) . 
  you ca n't even throw `` attempted murder '' to the list of charges . 
   the law is n't as straight forward as most people think, 
  i think it 's straighforward enough to dictate that if you had no intention to kill anyone and you did n't kill anyone , then you wo n't be charged for homicide . 
   no one ever heard of him again, 
  geez , we 've barely watched 4 episodes . 
  that might be the least shameful roll of shame ever , it looked so controlled and almost graceful haha, 
  i had to do it once but not while bench pressing , i was doing lying french curls . 
  i know it 's not as heavy but it still was n't fun at all . 
  i guess that 's why they 're called skull crushers . 
  the 2d games in the series have such a special place in my heart . 
  they 're so good !, 
  i think la is my favorite because it 's such a cute little game and it 's really dark at the same time . 
  #spoiler alert !, 
  also , the goat christine [ catfishing ] ( http://www.zeldadungeon.net/zelda04/walkthrough/05/013.png ) mr. write was hilarious . 
  cersei does n't look confident at all . 
  why would she ? 
  she 's been exposed against her will . 
  that 's one of the most hilariously bad photoshops i 've ever seen , i love it . 
  lots of people ( including grown men ) have a soft spot for tiny little fluff balls . 
  the mountain got a teeny pomeranian because , why not ? 
  i personally think it 's a nice contrast . 
  i was expecting the goalie ( ? ), 
  with the severed artery . 
  well , lots of people say gadelha won the first fight , so it 's not like it 's an * insanely * risky move to place a bet on her ... 
  ohh marloes ... and to think this is the same woman who survived 5 rounds ( iirc ) vs cyborg ... well , that 's life . 
  some days are shitty and some others are even shittier . 
  same . 
  looking at the entire division , i think that if anyone were to dethrone joanna , it 'd be claudia . 
  at the very least it should be her toughest fight . 
   do n't be so quick to discard a fighter after a loss , especially one who is still in the early stages of the learning curve . 
  not only that but , what really stood out to me was when paige admitted she only does crossfit outside of fight camps . 
  crossfit ?!, 
  if someone who crossfits first and fights second manages to look as good as she did in her fights prior to the rose one , i 'd say she 's got tons of potential . 
  if only she fought first and crossfitted second or better yet , focused exclusively on fighting and dropped crossfit altogether , she 'd be legit . 
  i like her a lot because she 's humble and she 's aware of her deficiencies , it 's only a matter of how she deals with them . 
  i just have this weird feeling that she 's not in the best camp for her : /, 
  from your link 's comment section :, 
   exquisite veinage !, 
  agreed , 100 % . 
  oh man , that 's legit how much of a wasteland 145 is , huh ? 
  is miesha the come-back-and-get-the-win queen ? 
  i do n't know why i 'm always ( or for the most part , anyway ) under the impression that she 's losing her fights before winning them ... 
   very travis browne-esque , he has the beard ... big guy ... 
  like , they literally have nothing in common except the beard . 
  very goldie-esque in his commentary . 
  it sucks that palhares is such a nut case . 
  i 've said it time and time again , so much talent gone to waste . 
  he belongs in the big stage , too bad he 's banned there now because he could n't keep his sadistic tendencies in check . 
  nice finish . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9lmvx00tly ) other thing . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i know that , i just found it slightly amusing that he had to list `` beard '' and `` big guy '' as similarities , that was all . 
  perhaps i 'm easily impressed , i just think a record stacked with first round submissions is noteworthy . 
  unfortunately for him , his entire career might be forever tarnished by his shitty behavior . 
  as for miller ... well , that 's a bit of a more extreme case , imho . 
  for real ? 
  how so ? 
  absolutely genuine question , just out of sheer curiosity . 
  i 'm a relatively small girl ( 5 ' 5 '' , 130lbs ) who just hits the gym to stay as far away from cellulite as possible ( and depression ) . 
  do n't worry about me , i 'm 100 % natty , i promise hahaha, 
  * [ starts sweating profusely ] *, 
  busted . 
  yes and i do n't know ... urine , i think ? 
  i do n't even know ... is this real life ? 
  this one , i think ? 
  u/izick , there you go !, 
  super nice !, 
  is this based on anyone 's life story ( i.e. , a known boxer ) or was it an original idea for the promo ? 
  that was very good . 
  i think it 's super cute , reminds me of the ds games art style . 
  / #whitewalkers 4life < 3 !, 
  edit : ya revis\u00e9 y resulta ser que s\u00ed alucin\u00e9 . 
  disculpen la intromisi\u00f3n . 
  \u00bf contexto ? 
  same here . 
  i thought the purpose was to create a habit , so to speak . 
  no problem !, 
   he 's white washed chicano, 
  two or three seconds sounds more than enough to at least attempt to use the other hand to prevent the kid from sliding face down imho . 
  feels like they added absolutely nothing of substance to the story with their cringey one-liners . 
  * bad poosi *, 
  you gon na die for some chickens ? 
  from last week 's preview , yeah , it seems we 're seeing her tonight :3, 
  watch it later . 
  i almost always watch it the next day . 
  i love the show for sure but priorities are priorities ... 
  but that 's just me , of course . 
  and they were actually pretty fine . 
  only good think about that whole thing . 
  because literally * everyone * who knows about jon snow 's existence , knows he 's ned stark 's bastard , therefore sansa 's half brother , as far as they 're concerned . 
  with all due respect , where have you been since the very first episode of the very first season ? 
  seriously !, 
  i 'm barely holding my shit together right now , i 'm so traumatized i ca n't even think straight . 
  aww thanks , love !, 
  you 're most kind :3, 
  i just need a day or two to get over this . 
  or a decade or three , actually ...
