  fuck papercuts , those tiny little painful bastards . 
  she actually made 139 iirc but it is n't an indication of anything , it 's not like she 's been consistently hitting 140 for several fights now . 
  she 's missed weight at 145 , and this cut seems to be more brutal than her last one , or so is the impression we 're getting . 
  it 's not like we 're talking about a fighter who cuts easily and has never missed weight here . 
  hahahaha well , [ consistency is key !, 
  what is it that you do n't get ? 
  that people have different taste in women and would pick [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rp2emft.jpg ) over [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2zanhch.jpg ) ? 
  see , i can compare vastly different photos as well to campaign in favor of one woman over the other but it 's irrelevant , different strokes for different folks . 
  it 's not a difficult concept to grasp , i think . 
  if you actually followed her , you 'd know she 's had a decent run since she joined invicta . 
  granted , it 's not like invicta 's divisions are stacked and she 's one of the most popular fighters in the entire roster , so those factors may have come into play as to why she 's next for the title but still , she has a record that could for sure justify getting a shot . 
  i feel the same way . 
  in theory it sounds fun but i think it rarely works , there are n't many people who can successfully pull it off imho . 
  i do n't think i will ever not be impressed and low-key envious of jinh 's physique . 
  and she has such a pretty face as well . 
  i do n't think my comment suggested it was , at all . 
  i 'm talking about how i envy her because she 's such a physical specimen ( amazing body , pretty face ) , i.e. , i 'd like to look like her . 
  that was it . 
  both of those things are indeed pointless when it comes to fighting but that was n't my point anyway , i 'm not envious of her skills , i 'm not interested in being a fighter myself . 
   not that you can feel that bad for shayna . 
  not in the slightest . 
  she walked in there like she owned that shit , like she had already won the whole thing . 
  all her years in the sport and she still acted like outcomes are written in stone ? 
  i might be misjudging her , but she did struck me as arrogant rather than confident . 
  i wo n't even pretend i was n't delighted when she lost . 
  thank you , thank you , thank you !, 
  i just got home so i missed the event and was refreshing like crazy the new section hoping i could find this . 
  i 'm so happy for my girl irene !, 
  i think she 's slowly but surely putting herself back into title contention . 
  i can only hope her future is a bright one < 3, 
  doubt it . 
  iirc , she threw some pretty awkward kicks on her tuf bout . 
   but you ca n't look past people, 
  never , ever . 
  granted , at that point of her career she had already fought some of the highest ranked fighters in wmma and when she said julianna did n't hold a candle to some of those girls , i did n't entirely disagree but then again , it 's mma , a sport that has seen some of its most dominant athletes fall from grace in a matter of minutes , sometimes seconds . 
  you ca n't say and actually believe you 're above everyone else , you are n't . 
  no one is . 
  everyone eventually meets their match , no exceptions . 
  i can only assume autocorrect got you . 
  geez , the thumbnail looks like those photos of cadavers going through the bloat stage . 
  poor man , wishing him a speedy recovery !, 
  i saw another gif with her lip a bit busted , i think ? 
  i 'll check if i can see the replay tomorrow . 
  anyhow , i hope she keeps improving in general . 
  ohhh fuck me then haha so was he able to make a full recovery ? 
  evidently i 'm not familiar with the guy . 
  awesome !, 
  will do , thank you for educating me :d, 
  oh no , bless his heart :(, 
  your username tho haha, 
  i could never throw that kind of money on a fighter unless the odds were waaaay too high and i was rolling in dough hahaha, 
  so , she made 141 , minus the 6 lbs bikini ... say hi to your new addition , bantamweight !, 
  silva 's beard gave him strong chin superpowers . 
  nevermind . 
  bless him . 
  let 's say they deducted the point ... then what ? 
  it 's not like cyborg 's fights are close and she really needs those points ... 
  haha that 's exactly how i read it too . 
   ronda could have beaten holly very fast, 
  could have , should have . 
  * but she did n't * . 
  because she did n't have the tools in order to do that . 
  she had zero head movement and got tagged over and over again . 
  she was super aggresive vs a ( mostly ) counter striker . 
  she could barely close the distance to get the clinch which is how she gets the takedown . 
  even when she succesfully did , holly defended the armbar and gtfo of there . 
  if ronda could have beaten her so fast , then why did n't she ? 
  because it 's mma , not `` ground game tournament '' . 
  the reason why miesha won was because holly made ( relatively ) basic mistakes , otherwise she was on her way to win the fight . 
  at worst it would have been a draw , which would have technically been a win for holly as she would have kept the belt . 
  ok , i have to ask because i see this so much and i do n't get it : is ray lewis [ this ] ( https://interceptado.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/nfl-en-espa%c3%b1ol-ray-lewis.jpg ) ray lewis ? 
  if not , then who is that man and why do people want to see him vs cyborg ? 
  i 'm so fucking out of the loop haha, 
  nope , that 's why i 'm totally lost . 
  i do n't entirely disagree with you , i actually think you 're making very fair assessments . 
  however , my point was more along the lines of what has been said over and over again , `` styles make fights '' . 
  ronda could n't outmuscle holly in the clinch and therefore could n't get the td . 
  option b would have been shoot for the td so you do n't have to close the distance . 
  ronda ca n't do that so that 's it , no td = no grappling . 
  miesha could implement that , so that particular tool played in her favor . 
  it was more along the lines of that . 
  for that particular fight , in that particular moment , ronda did n't have what was necessary to beat holly . 
  next time , who knows . 
  maybe she 'll be more patient and still come short . 
  ronda had to strike because she had no other option , although it could be true that she * chose * to strike because of her ego , but it did n't look like that to me . 
  ah that explains it . 
  thanks !, 
  hahaha she looks so unimpressed, 
  needs more hype . 
  can confirm , est\u00e1 de la verga . 
  first tuf season i 'd watch in years ... shitty reality shows with celebrities used to be my guilty pleasure . 
  she 's not trying to compete so i do n't know what that has to do with anything at all ... 
  rest in peds < / 3, 
  oh my dog , he 's so happy and he 's making me all warm and fuzzy . 
  bless him < 3, 
  burkman makes me think of varg vikernes , every time . 
  japanese crowds are so pleasant . 
  that 's how i want to go , honestly . 
  what a beautiful baby !, 
  give him a smooch for me :3,
