  and correct me if i 'm wrong but is lombard moving up too ? 
  and her next fight is ... ? 
  how can she talk about that ? 
  and did you even read what she said ? 
  she said that for her fights with each fighter , she had to prepare more for miesha because she felt miesha had more tools that could represent more of a problem to her . 
  with ronda , she already knew the path to victory and for that reason her training camp for the ronda fight was easier , therefore , she feels miesha is better because she considered her to be more of a challenge . 
  she did n't shit on ronda the way the title may make it seem . 
  and in an interview someone posted i think yesterday or a couple of days ago , tops , she said ronda should be able to come back if she regroups , changes gyms , and trains hard , just as she ( amanda ) did last time she lost . 
  it might be contradictory to the last time she said `` just retire because if you come back i 'll do the same exact thing to you '' and calling her overrated ( which a lot of people argued was very out of character for her ) but how is that low class ? 
  it 's not holly holm-classy but it still does n't seem like vicious and straight up disrespectful bashing , imho . 
  riiiight !, 
  i forgot he fought hendo after . 
  thanks :d, 
  ooohh this is the one where lombard would n't get up and it looked like hendo legit killed him , right ? 
  if this is it , i nearly shit myself . 
  too soon . 
  not silly , love !, 
  yes , it is portuguese , 
   i disagree with your opinion , and if it 's humble , then you should be comfortable conceding the point . 
  that right there it 's all you had to write , no need for a breakdown . 
  moving on !, 
  well , hello there !, 
  do you come here often , gurl ? 
  look , just a couple of hours ago i was finally able to disengage from a conversation with an individual who refused to let go of a certain issue unless i `` admitted '' they were right and i was wrong . 
  why would i do that if it 's a matter of conflicting opinions ? 
  same thing here . 
  you have your opinion , i have mine . 
  you gave yours , i gave mine , turns out they 're on opposite sides of the spectrum . 
  i 'm reasonable enough to understand that everyone sees things differently , and i 'm not saying that you 're wrong , i 'm just saying i disagree with that pov . 
  i still do , and you 'll probably still feel the same way even if i write my own breakdown . 
  so why bother ? 
  that does n't mean i 'm `` behaving in bad faith '' or `` relying on populism '' . 
  what the fuck is that even supposed to mean ? 
  makes no sense to me . 
  something something agree to disagree . 
  i 'm not even going to attempt to change your mind and you 're not going to change mine so , again , moving on !, 
  : completely irrelevant but even though you deleted your other reply , once again your full comment appears literally twice on the same paragraph . 
  i thought you had deleted the other one to fix that . 
  apparently not !, 
  edit : do n't reply . 
  i 'm done with these convos for the day . 
  for the entire month , actually . 
  k then . 
  now you can stop spamming my inbox , i 'm not downvoting your stuff if that 's what concerns you so much . 
  that was definitely a first . 
  i 'm a tad dumbfounded . 
  just a tad , though . 
  ... am i being interrogated ? 
  * [ starts sweating profusely ] *, 
  i do n't care if it 's effective , i could not care less about my internet points . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mma/comments/5oqaid/amanda_nunes_miesha_tate_is_a_better_fighter_way/dclvmc0/ ), 
  they usually are though . 
  majority of posts i 've seen involving children are tagged with `` child victims '' , but maybe a mod needs to do that and you got here before they did ? 
  i do n't know . 
  anyway , the sub is for photos of aftermaths so you should have been able to assume that a post regarding a school shooting would have deceased children in it , particularly if you already watched the video . 
  what the user actually meant was `` where are the pools of blood ? '' . 
  whatever . 
  the detailed backstories and posts about actual forensic matters are what separates this sub from all the others about death . 
  keep up the great job . 
  like i said , they 're usually tagged , i 've personally seen it . 
  either the op has to tag it or the mods do that , i have no clue , i 've never posted anything here . 
  anyway , this lady is saying she already saw the actual video of the shooting , so why did she click on this post hoping it would be the very same video she already saw ? 
  and on r/crimescene , of all places ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but this sub has no videos , only photos . 
  why did she expect a video ? 
  if she were to expect , let 's say , stills from the video , it would n't qualify for a post on this sub , from my understanding . 
  anyway , there 's * literally only one * mexican school shooting that everyone is talking about , and it involves children . 
  she knew that perfectly . 
  and she clicked anyway . 
  her complaint makes no sense in this particular context . 
  a real fucking tragedy . 
  imagine you send your kids to school like any other regular day and next thing you know a classmate shot them and that 's it . 
  bless everyone involved , i do n't even want to fathom going through something like that . 
  here 's the information that i found in english , for those who wish to learn a little bit about the case . 
  i 'm only changing the name of the school because the source i 'm using went with a literal translation and somehow listed it as a `` college '' , but this was in a junior high school . 
  here goes :, 
   five people have been injured in a shooting at the private school colegio americano del noreste in monterrey , northern mexico . 
   a student allegedly entered the school around 8am on wednesday morning , waited until he got into class , and shot his teacher , 24 , and three classmates aged between 14 and 15 . 
   the suspect , reported as 15 years old , allegedly then shot himself . 
   nuevo le\u00f3n state security spokesman aldo fasci said that three people were seriously injured , according to the associated press , and that the incident was `` unprecedented '' . 
   mr fasci said that a video showed the student firing at the teacher and fellow students . 
  he then pointed the gun towards other classmates before shooting himself . 
   '' [ this ] is result of a situation that is happening everywhere . 
  the children have access to the internet . 
  this has happened in other countries , '' he said . 
   in the confusion of the aftermath , parents and staff gathered around the entrance to the school . 
  disturbing pictures showed one of the injured , bleeding , being carried into an ambulance . 
   el universal newspaper reported that the teenage shooter was taken to hospital in a serious condition . 
   there were conflicting reports that the injured had died , then the gunman 's condition was downgraded to `` critical '' . 
  there was also mixed information on the age of the shooter , and how many people were injured . 
   school shootings in mexico are extremely rare . 
   the school in monterrey used to check students ' bags but ended the policy after parents complained . 
  that 's all the info we have so far . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that the shooter was a kid who allegedly suffered from depression , and was presumed to be undergoing treatment . 
  right now you 'll be reading mostly speculations and overall conflicting information so more accurate info should surface as the investigation continues , hopefully . 
  bless the victims and their families . 
  yeah , that 's why i 'm saying right now it 's all speculation , pretty much . 
  `` depression '' is what 's being thrown around as to what the kid suffered though , so i 'm adding it as a side note and possible reason why this may have happened . 
  a more solid report should be available in the next days .
