  nice . 
  the filtered eyes reminded me of soundgarden 's `` black hole sun '' video . 
  wait , what ? 
  wtf , why ? 
  that sounds pretty disturbing ... 
  i do n't even know what i 'm looking at but it 's funny . 
  hahaha same here !, 
  that 's what i thought because i stared * waaay * too long at the kid expecting to see the resemblance to ronda ( because i legit thought that 's what i was going to see ) until i saw `` the dad '' . 
  what a plot twist ( not really but kind of ) . 
  wait , was that a ko or did he just pass out from exhaustion ? 
  `` kimbo slice is your survivor '', 
  yep , `` winner '' would have been too much of a stretch . 
  i know . 
  those saying they 'll never watch a bellator card after this ... 
  i do n't even know what they were expecting . 
  were they really waiting for an incredible display of martial arts out of two very well-known street brawlers and two 50 something year olds ? 
  i do n't even understand . 
  they act like ufc 's cards deliver every single time . 
  at the very least this card delivered in terms of entertainment because i sure as hell laughed my ass off , i do n't even know why anyone would tune in for anything else except for the laughs . 
  i 've followed bellator for a while and will continue to do so regardless of what happened last night . 
  there are some gems there . 
  my point , exactly . 
  a shit fest coming from two youtube street brawlers ? 
  who would have guessed ?!, 
  main event though ... meh . 
  i did n't know how that would go down but i did n't set my expectations too high either . 
  i do n't know if anyone did but , as you said , any knowledgeable individual should have seen that coming from a mile away . 
  still , we all watched . 
  the commentators said it best , `` we ca n't look away '' . 
  damn , i know . 
  now i kinda feel bad for laughing at that . 
  i do n't think we * need * him back but i still hope he bounces back from this , it would be terrible if anything really bad happened to him . 
  ugh , you know what ? 
  i know at this point it 's impossible to take it back but try to ignore me ? 
  you 're absolutely right , i 'm really bad at conceptualizing this sort of thing . 
  i do n't know why in my head i was seeing a corpulent guy ( like the strongman kind but more defined ) but decided to type `` really thin '' . 
  i 'm aware that photo i linked is super flattering since it 's a magazine cover and i 'm also very aware that he 's pretty much a rare case of extreme athleticism ( roids or not , again , i have no idea ) but i know guys irl who look pretty close to that except not anywhere near as tall , so i thought , well , * maybe * tall guys can pack even more weight without looking obese or something of the sort ? 
  i did n't see why it sounded crazy but maybe now i can , a little bit , i think . 
  also , i 'm functioning on post-migraine mode so that does n't help my case at all . 
  apologies . 
  my favorite character in the series , of course i 'd love to see him back . 
  his `` adventures '' with arya were so cool to watch . 
  i feel he 's like a relatively small but very memorable character . 
  right , and that was already pointed out to me and i already gladly took the blame for making seemingly absurd comparisons and statements when i was n't in the best state of mind . 
  but thanks again . 
  shall we move on with our lives now ? 
  if you 're alone , absolutely yes . 
  entire families make a living out of that income . 
  then mexico city . 
  guanajuato would be my second choice because it 's absolutely beautiful but i doubt it will offer what you 're looking for compared to mexico city . 
  that 's like a no-brainer for me . 
  the neighborhoods suggested earlier are definitely the best options but just take into account these are affluent areas and the living expenses are high ( for the average mexican , anyway ) . 
  good luck with your search and your future endeavors , 
  offtopic : your username is cracking me up . 
  hahaha that 's so laughable in retrospect . 
  almost everything about this show is either laughable or way too tragic in retrospect . 
  mostly tragic , really . 
  we all laughed , or at least smirked . 
  it 's quite an underrated scene . 
  while i felt bad for robert , i felt bad for cersei as well . 
  the way she tells him he felt something for him ( iirc she also says this to sansa at some point ) but the feelings from his part towards her were never there kind of tell me that _ maybe _ she would n't be so messed up if she could have had a happy marriage with robert . 
  who knows . 
  sucks for both of them . 
  and that 's probably the main reason why he lost his head . 
  bless him . 
  whoa , that sounds waaay more shitty and frustrating than what actually happened . 
   from the photos , there 's not much of a difference, 
  lies !, 
  there 's a lot of difference . 
  keep it up !, 
  you 'll eventually get where you want , you 've already come a long way . 
  wishing you lots of success :3, 
  more mark hunt-esque imho since it was a walkoff ko . 
  daang , what a nice looking gentleman . 
  is n't this like a sign of fertility in some cultures ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i read that somewhere . 
  he looks like hendricks , this is so strange . 
  nate 's fist was * almost literally * milimeters away from conor 's face the entire time , it never touched him . 
  it fucking hurts and all i did was tapping it lightly with my knuckles . 
  and that 's the end of my report . 
  if there was/is a similar comment further down , i have n't got to it yet and yours is the one that gets the upvote . 
  and i also agree with you , it would have been hilarious for sure . 
  you should have capitalized `` left it there '' as well . 
  conor could have ignored the hand until the staredown was over and move on ( like every other fighter who 's had nate 's hand right next to their face , really ) . 
  no one would be bashing on him the way it 's happening right now . 
  there are so many staredowns where fighters get right on each other 's faces and whatnot , and you do n't see sucker punches , or at least not that often anyways . 
  it was wrong , no matter how much you try to justify it . 
  wait , he said that ? 
  i do n't like the guy so i try to avoid his antics as much as i possibly can so i obviously missed that . 
  whoa , that 's messed up . 
  oh that 's actually interesting , til . 
  thank you for sharing ( no sarcasm , genuine thanks ) . 
  you da real mvp . 
  meaning you * will * try to justify it any way you can . 
  that 's cool , you do whatever it takes to get that done . 
  he actually looks like he 's part of the team . 
  looking good !, 
  yep , bottom to top , thatch is next . 
  oh my fucking god !, 
  great job , miesha .
