  ) , second time she could n't recapture it . 
  hopefully third time is the charm and she 'll win it for real !, 
  because punching a ref ( according to you ) and holding a towel is comparable to dui and endangering pregnant women , riiiiight ... 
  noooo , stop it . 
  ugh , just imagine , what a shitty loop haha, 
  is that what i said ? 
  go on , quote me . 
  my point is , it makes no sense to me that you 're so ( seemingly ) oblivious as to why people do n't criticize dc as harshly as they do it with jones . 
  i mean , are you serious ? 
  do you honestly not see why that is the case ? 
  notice how i never justified or defended either one 's actions , i 'm just pointing out ( sarcastically ) that each man 's `` wrongdoings '' are not even remotely comparable , so i do n't get why you seem so passionate about having people shit on dc like he 's a disgrace to the sport . 
  it might never happen , so if i were you , i would give it a rest . 
  yes , they do . 
  it 's pretty mild in comparison to jones , but then again , justifiably so . 
  but they do , people called him out on the towel incident , for example ; even other fighters did . 
  again , why do you want to see people shit on him sooo bad ? 
  use the search bar and type his name , i 'm sure you 'll find many negative comments about him in other threads . 
  and if they genuinely did n't do it before like you 're claiming , i doubt they 'll do it now . 
  not mma but off the top of my head , [ malaipet sasiprapa vs caio uruguai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=equedh5xpso ) . 
  after being dropped a few times , uruguai 's corner threw in the towel . 
  oh my , i 've seen people mess val 's last name before but never like that haha, 
   ronda could still walk, 
  [ yeah , she could , but it was best they brought her a stool . 
  ] ( https://streamable.com/8jn5c ), 
   last girl i helped train [ ... ] uses head movement, 
  definitely not edmond . 
  or like many of her fans call her , it 's not like i 'm the one exclusively calling her that or like you need to be `` childhood friends '' to call her a short form of her name , you know ? 
  even `` shev '' is thrown around these parts , it 's no biggie . 
  you 're the gift that keeps on giving . 
  thank you for existing . 
  but it 's also kinda hard to argue that browne should n't listen to that piece of advice . 
  i see your point and i somewhat agree but all things considered , i think browne should definitely look into the possibility of retiring . 
  i do n't recall seeing edmond in browne 's last two fights . 
  reminds me a bit of r/peoplefuckingdying, 
  aww that 's so endearing . 
  bless them both , it 's so nice to have someone like whittaker rule over this ( current ) mess of a division . 
  long may he reign !, 
  and the snow ones too . 
   is it because i have n't seen breaking bad ? 
  precisely . 
  without being too spoilery , in case you decide to give that show a try ( which i recommend you definitely should ) , marie 's husband , named hank , likes to collect minerals , and he gets quite irritated when marie calls them `` rocks '' and asks her ( more like * demands * her , actually ) to call them `` minerals '' . 
  anyway , do watch breaking bad !, 
  it 's fantastic :d, 
  impossible ? 
  no way . 
  and a mere `` couple of years '' just to `` hold a basic conversation '' can be said about almost any language , i seriously doubt you could pass for a native with just two years of learning spanish , or vietnamese , or turkish , or whatever . 
  english is relatively easy , i would actually argue it 's one of the easiest languages to learn . 
  and there are a fuck ton of popular movies , songs , cartoons and whatnot in english , which provides you with material to practice your listening and so on . 
  it 's not impossible , no need to exaggerate . 
  same here !, 
  honestly , i cheated . 
  i actually googled the quest to know if i would lose the snow boots for good , because if i did , then i was seriously willing to ignore that quest in order to keep the boots . 
  thankfully , that was n't the case . 
  both sets of boots are awesome but the snow ones are overall more useful , it 's true . 
  what a beautiful portrait , she looks incredibly sweet . 
  to think this cute little kid would become a skilled assassin one day ... 
  my channel did n't show a `` previously on '' , and by the looks of it , many people did n't get it either , so there . 
   we 've never seen arya learn how to use faces, 
  something tells me it 's a super straightforward type thing , just put on the face and off you go . 
  remember when she put on the face of that girl she euthanized back in season 5 to kill meryn trant ? 
  jaqen told her she was n't allowed to do that just yet , but obviously she could/knew how to do it . 
  people were already complaining enough as it was because they found arya 's training and whatnot `` boring '' , so i think leaving the whole `` how-to-use-faces '' thing out of her training montage was n't a big deal since it comes down to what you said , magic . 
  kinda like how thoros or melissandre do their respawn thingy . 
  to be fair , that would give your apartment a more warm and fuzzy vibe . 
  i think anyone could see the sarcasm was blatantly obvious . 
  i do n't think grunchie missed the point , i think he/she is just pointing out he/she is not going to give jones the benefit of the doubt . 
  i 'm * clearly * reading grunchie stating he/she agrees with you but when it comes to jones specifically , he does n't get a free pass because he 's popped before . 
  is that physique attainable ? 
  yes , grunchie agrees with you . 
  did jbj attain it through nothing but hardwork and discipline ? 
  short answer , no . 
  long answer , grunchie chooses to believe no because `` dick pills '' or whatever , usada caught him . 
  yess !, 
  that would be laura sanko . 
  and she embraces tonya 's advances , apparently they 're very good friends . 
  you could argue it is but laura herself defended tonya saying they 've been really good friends for a while and that she was totally cool with the kiss . 
  whoa , ca n't unsee now . 
  yep , i recall seeing her in the very first invicta event , 
  i ca n't figure out why cyborg did n't pull the trigger since the first round , it really makes no sense to me . 
  hell , i think evinger would . 
  wait , he straight up called her `` coward '' ? 
  for real , i thought it was over right there and then . 
  i * really * want to know what cyborg 's strategy was this fight , it seems odd to me she just would n't pull the trigger when she obviously could have . 
   if you want exciting , do n't tune in . 
  which is probably what a fuck ton of people will do and that will reflect on ppv sales or tv ratings or whatever . 
  that money fight woodley talked about at some point ? 
  not happening ever , probably . 
  watch a movie ? 
  how about we just look at actual facts ? 
  holly walks around at 155 give or take , cyborg walks at 170 + / - . 
  explain how a 155 lbs woman is bigger than a 170 lbs one . 
  a little taller perhaps but that 's about it . 
  even if you 're not a shit talker and you do n't finish your fights , if you 're a motherfucker who goes to war every single time and/or has an arsinal of flashy techniques , people will want to watch you no matter what . 
  it is what it is , woodley is not doing himself any favors with the way he fights , strictly speaking from a business perspective . 
  dude , wtf , you 're basing your argument on a movie and i 'm the one who has to provide evidence ? 
  whatever . 
  i 'm only giving this a couple of minutes of my time so you 'll have to conform with what i 'm presenting . 
  if you 're genuinely interesting in finding out what they weigh out of competition , then * you * do the research , google is your friend . 
  cyborg herself posted [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/criscyborg/status/572180609918894080 ) photo . 
  her weight reads as 175 .
