oh man , i like her so much , so sad to see her out . 
  now , if only the championship fights could stay right where they are , that 'd be great . 
  yes , please !, 
  she really is . 
  ronda might be attractive to some , maybe even pretty to the general public but holly is beautiful , in my opinion anyway . 
  and she seems to be more approachable and genuine . 
  even when she assured she was real . 
  what was her motto in tuf ? 
  `` i 'm not fake nice , i 'm real mean ? '' . 
  something like that . 
  so , is she fake mean or real mean or real nice or which is it ? 
  ca n't follow her fans ' logic at all , really . 
  same here . 
  for a striker with baars ' credentials , i thought she would finish cyborg for sure . 
  but cyborg took it pretty well . 
  props to her for stepping up to fight an undefeated kickboxer with 30 + wins under her record in the first place . 
  that would have been really satisfying but holly is too much of a class act for that . 
  and i 'm glad , actually . 
  holly herself said she told ronda she was aware that ronda was the reason women were allowed to fight in the ufc in the first place and that she appreciated her a lot for that . 
  yep , and what a role she played . 
  she 's so incredibly cute and very sweet as well , it seems . 
  her daughter is adorable . 
  i 'm so sad to see michelle out of the card , i really enjoy watching her fight . 
  exactly !, 
  makes no sense to me at all . 
  upvote because i 'm a sucker for puns . 
  no love for bj penn vs diego sanchez ? 
  i literally just saw you on the jk news video about rr getting ko 'd . 
  so cool !, 
  and with all due respect , you 're very handsome , 
   skill to holm ronda, 
  +1 for using `` holm '' as a verb . 
  absolutely dumb and random question but , how did you get that `` anderson silva '' flair ? 
  it 's fucking hilarious . 
  hopefully this will be a nice change and she 'll improve . 
  just entirely based on how she 's physically built , i think she might be one of the stronger women in the division . 
  really , the woman is an olympic medallist , there 's no doubt she 's an elite athlete . 
  i 've seen the thread ( or read the title anyway ) but since i 've seen a lot of people with equally hilarious flairs , i simply assumed they somehow changed that themselves . 
  they 're fucking funny . 
  i want one . 
  i 'm very excited about these two as well . 
  since sandor and arya parted ways , i 've wanted to see a new `` power couple '' . 
  tyrion is my favorite character and varys has grown on me as well , so , i 'm excited for these two . 
  really ? 
  awesome !, 
  not really a spoiler unless it 's 100 % confirmed , right ? 
  or did i miss something and this is really confirmed ? 
  he 's got an armor and a big fucking sword, 
  hear me hype !, 
  really ? 
  lucky you !, 
  and she does look like she 's reaally strong , which is why it saddens me a bit to see her doing not so well . 
  i get this feeling her talent might be going to waste : /, 
  i really , really want to see her improve and hopefully become a contender again . 
  google it and you 'll see exactly why . 
  it 's a theory and the importance of the fight actually lies on the outcome of it , not on the fight per se . 
  ^ do i need to use tags on that ? 
  i hope not . 
  and i think that 's exactly what most people do n't care much about . 
  you see fights all the time but not all of them have such a potential to change the course of the story so drastically . 
  this is one of them , if it does happen . 
  i 'd say be patient at first because it starts a little slow but it will steadily trap you . 
  pay a lot of attention to names in particular and what role each character is playing within the plot . 
  if you feel a little lost , rewatch episodes . 
  i found myself not understanding exactly what was going after i watched it the very first time , so you might need to watch the entire show a second time . 
  you really understand everything better when you watch it in retrospect . 
  marketing game on point . 
  why should it ? 
  legit question . 
  that 's exactly how i have the rematch going as well . 
  i do n't see that fight going the distance , i 'm pretty sure there will be a finish . 
  it 's anyone 's game if ronda fights smarter next time , really . 
  oh well , yes , not `` smarter '' . 
  poor choice of words , my bad . 
  i meant to say that if she showed up with a few more tools in her arsenal ( lots of people have suggested wrestling takedowns and such ) , she might have a better chance . 
  i 'm thinking that , if we give her the benefit of the doubt and it 's true she completely underestimated holly , maybe , just maybe , she 'll try a different approach next time that could be more effective or at the very least make the fight a bit more competitive ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess that 's why i used the word `` smarter '' . 
  holly did fight the perfect fight though , that really goes without saying , i think . 
  yes , please . 
  do more !, 
  i do n't know if this is a fair comparison at all but paige hathaway has pretty defined abs as well . 
  then again , paige is a fitness model so that 's why i do n't know if this is a fair comparison at all . 
  i 've also seen a few gymnasts with big and defined abs . 
  anyway , i do n't recall claudia 's abs normally looking like this so maybe this is just a `` weird '' picture ? 
  i just googled her and she does look super defined but not crazy big so i 'm assuming some sort of editing might be involved or maybe she 's posing in a way that made her muscles pop or something . 
  i do n't think she 's on anything weird . 
  i 'll take this . 
  yours will be `` head of ea ufc 's stellar debugging team '' . 
  but has she ever tested positive for anything ? 
  i do now there 's some sort of stigma attached to brazilian fighters for valid reasons but i do n't know , i do n't want to give too much credit to any eye test as long as the real tests are clean . 
  i 'm thinking maybe it also has something to do with the fact that the photo is black and white ? 
  i know i 've looked relatively buff in the past in b & w photos and i 'm really not buff at all . 
  i guess i 'd rather give her ( and any other fighter ) the benefit of the doubt as long as they do n't test positive for anything . 
  speculations are valid as well , i think , but i 'd rather not pay too much attention to them , personally . 
  i know , which is why i said that stigma comes from a valid place . 
  i hope this is n't the case , i feel like right now she might be the only one who might pose a legit threat for joanna . 
  ahh this is interesting because i once read a discussion similar to this one and someone suggested what you just said , that because calves absorb impact , it 's fairly common to see the heavier people have bigger calves because , the larger you are , the more impact your calves have to absorb . 
  basically , for larger people , walking is an exercise on itself . 
  is that really how it works ?
