  ~ ~ i think he beat poirier after that , and then mendes before he got a crack at the actual belt , which was the one aldo was holding . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ look , i hate mcgregor probably as much as many of the other very vocal haters out there but i do n't let that cloud my judgement to the point i spew out false facts . 
  he did not get the shot after siver . ~ ~, 
  edit : it 's been pointed out to me the poirier fight happened before siver and not the other way around . 
  apologies , i stand corrected . 
  ignore me and carry on !, 
  and she could have beat the current champion had their fight been a 5 round one . 
  i 'm siding with everyone saying valentina vs julianna should be the title eliminator . 
  aww come on , horace !, 
  i know i made a mere iguana smooch you but embrace the love , little buddy . 
  you 're a cutie pie . 
  ahh , got it . 
  that 's why i wrote * i think * because i was confused whether he fought poirier before or after siver , i could n't remember . 
  at this point interim belts where just being given like candy so even though conor got a belt , it was more like a title eliminator fight , was n't it ? 
  or that 's how i saw it anyway . 
  well , either way i think it 's irrelevant since it 's dead obvious many title shots are given almost arbitrarily in the ufc and it went mcgregor 's way in the aldo fight so i guess that justified getting the shot in the first place . 
  i do n't even know , this entire ordeal is a little confusing to me . 
  thank you for clarifying !, 
  ooh it looks soft . 
  is it soft ? 
  looks like a gummy of some sort . 
  iirc , it took him forever to get up . 
  i was seriously worried for him , it was awful . 
  so if you and i are recalling the same thing , then this was * the * fight . 
  yes , he just would n't get up . 
  at some point i got genuinely stressed thinking i may have just witnessed an actual death in the cage . 
  man , it was just so bad . 
  if i were hector , i probably would n't fight again , that looked like such a close call . 
  but also , i 'm a pussy and would n't become a fighter in the first place , ever . 
  bless him , it was one of the scariest aftermaths of a ko i 've ever seen . 
  it really does , i think i 'm even in favor of this . 
  we ladies do get places that are exclusive for us for pretty much the same reasons listed above , so why not the gentlemen ? 
  i mean , i guess the idea of not allowing a certain gender into a place is inherently discriminatory so i can see why some people might get offended but looking at the bigger picture , it does seem reasonable . 
  i personally ca n't see anything wrong with their policies . 
  google says [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/40/84/c4/4084c483074543d70182ef02e26bbf00.jpg ) is the lady in question . 
  - terra , probablemente . 
  they both look pretty gassed but this is going back and forth on the ground , pretty cool fight . 
  that was awesome , how did that arm not snap ? 
  a translator for both portuguese and polish ? 
  i 'm impressed . 
  great card so far . 
  dat osp ass ... 
  holy shit , that was ridiculous d :, 
  holy shit , holy shit , that was fucking close . 
  the round of your life , hendo . 
  gary fed some guy shite ( meaning , spread false info ) by telling him conor broke his nose in sparring , this guy tells dizz and dizz tweets it and that 's how this whole rumor about him ( conor ) being put to sleep started . 
  i think ? 
  haha yeah , but if anything at the very least it looked pretty cool . 
  i do n't care for him but that was actually really funny . 
  rekt . 
  seriously !, 
  that ... was crazy . 
  i 'm actually a little shocked but also kind of entertained . 
  more entertained than anything , really . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/xt77xwum9yh7znkfw0/100.gif ), 
  not my pupper and i do n't really have the original source , just found it and thought of sharing !, 
  hopefully it 's also not a repost . 
  enjoy !, 
  i would legit sport one , for the laughs . 
  he 's a beautiful pupper !, 
  i found this on a facebook page and thought it was adorable , i just felt like sharing the cuteness with everyone here , no disrespect or plagiarism intended . 
  please let me know if i should delete the post . 
  and again , he 's a beautiful pupperino !, 
  give him a smooch for me < 3, 
  that 's * almost exactly * what i yell at my tv when i 'm super hyped , except i 'm always sober . 
  but i 'm not a `` coach '' so do n't judge me , ok ? 
  * [ stuffs mouth with nachos ] *, 
  ohmygawd , he 's got the most beautiful eyes !, 
  reminds me a little bit of my own pupper , he also had an incredibly sweet stare . 
  quackity is a great name haha bless you all < 3, 
  your username tho haha, 
  and angela maga\u00f1a , which is even worse ... 
  she looks so sassy !, 
  happy birthday , beautiful girl < 3, 
  or more like she did to herself with her `` loyalty '' and `` family '' bullshit . 
  i 'm sure almost any camp has their doors wide open for her if she decided to just walk in on any given day , if only she dropped the idea that she 's in the right place . 
  everyone knows this , and i 'm thinking maybe deep down she knows it too but she 's too stubborn to admit she 's making the wrong decision . 
  winning her next fight will only enforce this wrong idea that she is indeed in the right camp , and losing will probably not make her change her mind anyway . 
  it 's a bit of a lose lose situation . 
  i think at this point the only viable solution is momma mars legit runs edmond over . 
   edmond 's ego is too big to be okay with it, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i think i sort of recall him saying ( after the holm loss , i think ? ), 
  that he was going to consult other coaches for future reference , not bring them in but he would consult them for advice . 
  like , i seriously got the impression that he was figuratively peeing on her to mark his territory . 
  but maybe i 'm super biased because i genuinely find him really gross and creepy . 
  my baby passed at 9 as well . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss and i hope you find the strength to overcome this . 
  bless you and this beautiful baby as she crosses the rainbow bridge . 
  stay strong !, 
   he 's a total scam, 
  i think that goes without saying . 
  i mean , you can always * choose * to believe they are , just look at that big audience ... 
  i wish this was a gif though . 
  head tilts are just adorable . 
  i agree but still , there 's something about the dark hair that makes her features pop , i think . 
  she 's beautiful as a blondie but insanely beautiful as a brunette , imho . 
  she 's beautiful and i just love the quality of this photo , it 's so cute . 
  yes !, 
  i was going to mention the same thing . 
  i squinted for a bit thinking something bad would happen but then remembered this sub does n't have tragedy , thankfully .
