  oh shit , did n't see that one coming . 
  did she retire or is she just on hiatus ? 
   obsessed with nutella, 
  she 's now oficially my spirit animal . 
  i hope bellator starts doing those and gives us a few good ones on rory . 
  she seems super sweet , sunna won me over tonight . 
  what is that ? 
  ahh amber and her gummy bear arms . 
  [ i remember when her arm got extended in a fucked up angle and she would n't tap . 
  squeezing that blood out . 
  i got it the same . 
  no way . 
  it was a close fight at times but not a robbery at all . 
  i 'm excited for this next fight !, 
  ayaka is the current atomweight champ and i livia used to be the strawweight champ but that 's it . 
  no belt involved . 
  invicta events always deliver , thank you so much !, 
  ** tl ; wr : ** flags are n't irrelevant * now * and i doubt they ever will . 
  lots of people still hold their nationalities very close to their identities because they love their homelands and they might feel growing up in a certain place contributed to who they are as a person now . 
  i know it might sound tired and clich\u00e9 but you know what they say , * representation matters . 
  * a flag provides exactly that , representation . 
  and lots of people might feel very happy and proud to see a fellow countryman succeeding in the public eye . 
  because , believe it or not , a lot of people take immense pride on their nationality . 
  you might come from the shittiest of the shitty shitholes or the nicest most developed country , lots of individuals feel attached to it because that 's their home and in a way it is part of who they are . 
  flags might seem irrelevant to you , but they 're not , not even by a long shot . 
  i could talk to you about my country 's flag ( mexico ) and what each color and symbol represents . 
  i can only assume that for other flags each color and symbol represents something as well . 
  and they 're not reduced to just pieces of fabric with colors and symbols , a lot of them will tell you a bit of that nation 's history . 
  this might be specially true for people like athletes who not only compete for themselves but also compete for their countries , whether it 's officially ( as in the olympics ) or unofficially ( in this case , the ufc ) . 
  lots of swedish kids might feel like pursuing a fighting career as a swede is not a viable option because combat sports are banned and illegal in sweden and then look at gustafsson flying his swedish flag and go `` hey !, 
  so he 's a fighter and he 's badass * and * he 's swedish !, 
  so i might be able to find a route and do it too ! '', 
  ( disclaimer : i just made this up on the spot for the purposes of my example , i know nothing about sweden ! ) . 
  look at mcgregor . 
  he has many fans all over the world but the most passionate ones seem to be the irish , and i doubt that 's a coincidence . 
  his fellow countrymen will fly all the way from their homeland to the us just to be there and show him their support , win or lose . 
  i do believe part of his massive success has to do with the fact that he 's so openly and proudly irish and happily represents his country , even if it 's just a tiny portion of said success . 
  now look at cain . 
  dude was born in the us , barely spoke spanish at the beginning of his ufc career and speaks it somewhat now but he went the `` i want to represent mexico '' route and was marketed as a mexican champion and then bam !, 
  you had mexicans tuning in and buying his merch and a sold out venue the first time they came here because cain was a headliner ( remember this was the time he pulled out and mark hunt stepped in ; i personally know people who asked for their refund because they wanted to see cain specifically ) . 
   in the octogan shit you do outside of it doesnt matter . 
  i think the point here is that is does matter * a lot * because there 's no point being such an athletic specimen when you ca n't even compete because you ca n't behave properly . 
  what if , let 's say , rumble was the one who would dethrone jones but because jones gon na jones the fight never happened . 
  what if that loss broke jones ' mentality so much that he went on a losing streak . 
  or maybe not , maybe he would have beaten rumble and then defended his belt another 20 times and truly went down in history as the guy who was genuinely invincible . 
  everything is a big `` what if '' when you 're not even available to compete . 
  it 's easy to remain undefeated when you 're not even fighting . 
  and this is n't to say everything jones has accomplished so far and his past oponents are irrelevant because that 's not at all what i 'm trying to say . 
  point is , the choices you make in your personal life do affect your professional one a lot . 
  i see your point but you also got ta see the other point presented . 
  if what jones does outside of the octagon did n't matter at all , then why was he suspended in the first place ? 
  okay . 
  the funny part is that if you look at my comment history , my comment prior to that one would pass as an actual essay , but certainly not the one this specific person was referring to . 
  anyway , a lot of people have short attention spans , i get it . 
  i would like to know if it would be possible for them to grow in a different part of the world or if there 's a reason why they grow in those specific areas . 
  i guess really what i 'm asking is if i can buy some seeds and plant them in my backyard . 
  that 's exactly how i feel but perhaps that 's just me trying to justify the fact that i 'm seemingly incapable of making a point in a short and concise manner . 
  i do have a tendency to rant haha, 
  i know , that 's why i gave it a rest right away . 
  and i respect that but the fact that you find it dumb does n't all of a sudden make it irrelevant , which is what seemed like you were trying to argue here . 
  and i ( along with a few others , it seems ) already explained to you why they 're being marketed like that and why it works and why it holds a certain degree of relevance so yeah , i think we 're done now . 
   do people even identify with flags anymore ? 
   why ? 
   they seem irrelevant now, 
  your literal words but ok . do n't accuse people of not being able to `` understand a simple argument '' when they 're just addressing your points/questions . 
   so what you 're saying is you are n't replying to my current points you just keep replying to the original one ? 
  is n't it obvious ? 
   you ignored those other reasons, 
  i did n't . 
  i even acknowledged them and said i respected your opinion , did you entirely miss that or blatantly chose to ignore it ? 
  i mean , you can keep downvoting me all you want , that still wo n't make you look any better . 
  nobody got butthurt , all i 'm seeing is , again , people addressing your points . 
  anyway , you 've expressed your opinion , lots of people disagree , the marketing department could n't possibly be bothered by it even if they tried , blah blah . 
  ignore the poster if you do n't like it or contact the marketing team to let them know how you feel about it . 
  i 'd go with the first option myself but hey , that 's just me \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  okay . 
  haha no biggie . 
  some bits where actually comical so it 's not like this was an actual [ exercise in patience . 
  [ this . 
  yes !, 
  and so does cormier vs jones 2 . 
  i 'm cool with either one . 
  i guess all i 'm trying to say is `` jon jones , get your shit together !, 
  i just want to see my momma holly win again :(, 
  happy cake day , love !, 
  ahhh that 's interesting . 
  i mean regardless of whether he 's truly sorry or not , he still has to pay for what he did . 
  maybe he genuinely regrets doing what he did and he 's truly changed as a person , who cares . 
  that does n't change the fact that he committed a crime and needs to face the consequences . 
  and , if he 's genuinely come to terms with that fact , well , nothing to see here then . 
  bless the victims and may justice prevail . 
  hopefully . 
  sweet little thug rose has replied to me a couple of times here on reddit . 
  julie kedzie has replied to me on twitter in the past as well . 
  and i 'm pretty sure i 've seen cat zingano respond to people on instagram . 
   i am excited to see this fight but i really think it 'll either be a quick ko by rumble or a complete outclassing by jon . 
  that 's exactly how i got it , but i 'll also be the first one to admit i 'm not good at breakdowns . 
  anyway , i think it 's anyone 's game and that 's why i 'm interested on that fight . 
  \u00bf red de trenes en suecia ? 
  \u00bf autobuses en inglaterra ?
