  no matter what , make sure you stay with him until his last breath . 
  that 's what i did and i know for sure i could never forgive myself if i did n't do that . 
  hold him tight , smooch him , do whatever you feel like doing . 
  you 're doing the right thing . 
  i 'm sure your pup lived a happy life and would tell you he 's very grateful and loves you deeply if he could . 
  enjoy your time together and i wish you the best during your grieving process , losing a pup is no joke when you genuinely care for them . 
  stay strong < 3, 
  same here . 
  not only he was my first dog as an adult but he was actually my very first dog ever . 
  he was also insanely smart and friendly . 
  i miss him . 
  did n't khorkina confess she actually did n't like gymnastics and only did it because she was pressured into it or am i thinking of someone else entirely ? 
  that beautiful white face definitely gives away she 's an old girl . 
  what a gorgeous pup !, 
  and she was born on the most awesome day of the year, 
   only retards would consider her a 1 hit wonder, 
  sounds like the vast majority of the pro-rousey crowd on facebook and twitter and instagram ... 
  true that . 
  it just amuses me how invested some people are in trying to make excuses for their idols . 
  i specifically mentioned the rousey crowd because almost every time anyone brings this `` one-hit wonder '' thing , it comes from a very vocal rousey fan . 
  on the aforementioned sites , anyway . 
  i mean , fuck , i love holly so fucking much but would never try to excuse any of her losses . 
  she does n't make excuses herself , so why should i make them for her ? 
  i do n't get it and that 's why i find it amusing . 
  no disrespect to rousey 's fans as a whole though . 
  i know she must have at the very least a few reasonable and knowledgeable ones . 
  i personally know a couple , and i 'm sure she has thousands if not millions . 
  it 's just cringey how vocal the idiotic ones are . 
  oh , and do n't even get me started on the youtube crowd , goddamn ... 
  please , do n't let this be true . 
  i still love my momma holly and will continue to root for her no matter what . 
  thanks goodness they dropped this absurd idea . 
  i 'm not entirely against the committee keeping a close eye on the russians but to ban each and every single one of them was absolutely ridiculous . 
  this whole `` guilt by association '' issue was bs to begin with . 
  now bring in the competition . 
  my body is ready :d, 
   russia 's national antidoping agency falsified test results for hundreds of athletes in dozens of sports, 
  legit question , because after reading that i realize i 'm a bit ( or very ) out of the loop : is each country in charge of testing their own athletes ? 
  i thought it was all done by the wada or something and national committees did n't have a say so in the matter , except for in local competitions and such . 
  edit : on a second thought , i think i 'm answering my own question in my head . 
  i 'm assuming there are n't one or two people or eleven or twenty travelling all over the world to collect samples from athletes from every existing ( and competing ) country , so i 'm thinking locally each country tests their athletes and then sends results to the wada . 
  is this how it 's done ? 
  if so , then what you 're saying about the ioc considering banning russia as a reasonable thing to do not that absurd anymore . 
  got it . 
  that is pretty shady then . 
  ronda could still ask for a holly rematch and get a holly rematch even if holly was on a ridiculous losing streak , kind of like how she got bethe right when she asked for bethe . 
  she 's the one calling the shots in that division no matter what , she 's still the queen even if she does n't have the crown . 
  or the belt , actually . 
  personally , no , i do n't think she would ask for that rematch herself . 
  i 'm just saying that the fact that holly is n't a contender at the moment or when/if ronda is champ again is technically irrelevant since it would only take ronda 's request for that rematch when/if she comes back . 
  i was just basically adding to u/turkeywithadeskjob 's point, 
  she 's very articulate and well-spoken as well . 
  i think she 's all around very beautiful . 
  i 've honestly never seen it but my gut feeling tells me she acts better than she armbars . 
  this is just an assumption though , i do n't know for sure . 
  but seriously , that 's a huge purse indeed . 
  ronda could beat cain under the right circumstances , right ? 
  personalmente encuentro tan nefasto un antony p\u00e9rez como un guadalupe christensen como un takeshi delacroix o un mahatma schumacher . 
  sigo siendo m\u00e1s fan de [ este ] ( http://files.broadsheet.ie/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/6.jpg ) . 
  where is the team grasso flair ? 
   man she looks like she is 16 weeks in maybe even more . 
  if she were 16 weeks at the time of the photo , she would have given birth already , like a couple of months ago . 
  point being , ca n't be pregnant . 
  at least not back in dec ' 15 , when those photos in particular were taken . 
  it was a pretty straightforward point , really . 
  maybe you are , but skv9384 was replying to steinhaut , who seemed to genuinely be under the impression that ronda is 16 weeks pregnant and will need a 18 month lay off before she fights again . 
  comments are nested for a reason ; the point being made was not addressed to you . 
  i do n't know how much more i can break this down for you . 
  context is everything . 
  so you 're steinhaut ? 
  ok . that still does n't change the fact that the pregnancy issue was being addressed in that particular comment where it was pointed out when the picture was taken/leaked , not whether it was her or if she looked shitty . 
  so there 's that . 
  i ca n't help you any further . 
  so are the fights on right now or in an hour ? 
  aspen going to serve some frey pie . 
  the faceless men take this . 
  a girl did a good job . 
  man , i love invicta 's pacing . 
  same . 
  portishead is life < 3, 
  these ladies are arm goals . 
  laura , my sweet love , how i 've missed you < 3, 
  guys , what happened with mizuki vs alvarez ? 
  yay , megan !, 
  my body is ready . 
  damn , they look gigantic . 
  that 's fucking nasty , dude . 
  bless morgan 's heart but she should just forget about fighting . 
  i do n't see her going anywhere in this business , really . 
  ooooohhh megan almost went evinger on laura . 
  i would have died if she did . 
  thank you !, 
  yay :d, 
  lucky you . 
  my brain can only take so much before it explodes . 
  yes . 
  i was going to say she looks milfy but i do n't know if she has any kids . 
  but yeah , she looks like a mom . 
  a fit mom . 
  even her outfit looks like she 's a mom ready to do some aerobics .
