  or that 's what it looks like to me at least . 
   what is this post ? 
  the shit kind . 
  man , i 'm not home and i missed this but judging by the comments , first thing i 'm going to do when i get there is watch my momma val fuck shit up . 
  i love you , val < 3, 
  amen . 
  poking them in the ass with some prop like a zombie hand or some shit like that , i think . 
  apparently she thinks poking random women in the ass is fucking hilarious . 
  [ the beginning of the end , it seems . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xmxkipj.jpg ) although arguably it was the very first punch holly connected , according to ronda herself . 
  fuck me , man . 
  that 's heart wrenching . 
  pleeeeeease , and thank you . 
  i shall name my first born thomas the great 5 . 
  kid 's got a fucking 8 pack , that 's insane . 
  the other day i realized i had favorited [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/johnyhendricks/status/404040969277812736 ) on twitter . 
  he does look adorable with his babies . 
   remember that we only make fun of you because we care, 
  it 's like the type of relationship where you are so sure you have a strong bond that you just act like an asshole like it 's nothing , no hard feelings afterwards . 
  [ nothing but love . 
  obligatory `` fight mom '' shoutout . 
  i 'd say vacate it . 
  me no likey this interim belts thing . 
  i 've said this so many times before and i 'll say it again , i do n't think this should be a tough win for browne but fucking edmond , man . 
  he turns everything he touches to shit . 
  i 'm still picking travis . 
  my momma alexa keeps her belt ( i hope ! ) . 
  i 'm picking theodorou as the new mw champ , and i 'm also picking craig to remain champ only because his alias is from my favorite tarantino movie . 
  those are my picks . 
  right ? 
  if reddit buzz is how the belts were given , i think lauzon and alvey deserve the belts from their division the most . 
  after all , they 're pretty active in the community . 
  like 305 days , give or take . 
  ooh ok ok , got it . 
  for some reason i entirely missed the past threads and simply assumed this was a new thing . 
  it is . 
  only 242 subscribers though . 
  wow , a jk gif here , i did n't expect to see that . 
  i literally rewatched season 6 just like that . 
  holy is body goals as fuck . 
  and hair goals as well , that hair is the goat . 
  holly was rocked as fuck after that first late strike . 
  fuck that . 
  i scored it the same as you but many others have round 3 to gdr , so it seems the third round was the decisive one in this particular instance . 
  i actually recall straight up knees to the chin but admittedly i never ever rewatched that fight so i do n't know . 
  anyway , chin is most definitely confirmed . 
  something something panic wrestlers . 
  awww no , poor baby !, 
  bless doggies , they 're so pure and silly . 
  that turkey/football hybrid is hilarious . 
  toby , you precious little pupper , have a beautiful and safe travel across the rainbow bridge . 
  stay strong , op . 
  whatever was bothering his body that made him pass away all of a sudden is n't there anymore , he 's resting now and i 'm sure he felt your love until the end . 
  cherish all your memories of him . 
  bless his memory and your heart < 3, 
  that was beautiful . 
  with that being said , i doubt it ever happens again . 
  seriously , you ca n't bring this shit up and not provide me with a source . 
  demand . 
  source . 
  please ? 
  a better idea would be giving it a rest . 
  she already made up her mind , she wo n't watch it . 
  it 's not the end of the world and certainly not something worth going `` apeshit '' over , you know ? 
  [ my app 's making it look like he 's got a sunflower on his ass in the thumbnail . 
  pretty crazy . 
  i thought he was close to being done after that body shot ( was it a kick ? 
  my stream froze ) . 
  good job recovering from that . 
   a couple that gets koed together stays together . 
  savage . 
  keep the dope fiends higher than the goodyear blimp, 
  second looked actually smoother than the first one . 
  this is what i 'm doing for rose vs michelle . 
  still hot . 
  look at that jawline < 3, 
  i will , so at the very least that makes 3 of us getting the reference ... 
   he just trains at the most pathetic fucking excuse of a gym . 
  right , because everyone knows mad coach targaryen 's is the most elite one of them all . 
  `` the * most * pathetic '' implies that . 
  all i 'm saying is there 's at the very least one that 's waaay worse than aka , so let 's just take it down a notch or two with the absolutes there , that 's all . 
  carry on !, 
  lolkay , my bad . 
  long live edmond !, 
  `` size does not matter when you 're flat on your back . '', 
  - oberyn martell before [ this ] ( http://lareputada.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/2.jpg ) happened . 
  hopefully not the case with gsp though !, 
  i 'm never getting over that . 
  night of the comebacks , it seems . 
  crazy event so far . 
  i will never not be impressed by woodley 's physique . 
  if she aspires to make it to the ufc ( i believe she already expressed this ) , then she ca n't . 
  as of now , there are only two divisions where she could compete , 135 ( which i do n't think would be ideal ) or 115 . 
  she needs to pull her shit together if she wants to make it to the big stage or completely wait until 125 lbs division is available or go to invicta ( second best option imho ) or stay where she is now . 
  anyway , missing weight ( and twice in a row for that matter ) when you 're being hyped as a huge prospect is not a great look . 
  your future employers might think of you as a potential hassle ( we know how uncle dana feels about fighters who miss weight ) . 
  this is how i feel about veronica macedo . 
  gorgeous lady with tons of potential who just seems to be not taking her nutrition very seriously . 
  at 135 , yes . 
  at 115 , i think she stands a pretty decent chance to go on a winning streak and make it to the top .
