  that is where my dislike for her started . 
  did she actually have the nerve to tell michael phelps , one of the greatest olympians of all times ( actually the greatest , no ? 
  ) , to `` get over himself '' because `` all he does is swim '' and since she was a swimmer herself she knows `` swimming is n't even omg '' ? 
  i remember watching that interview and getting a really bad impression of her . 
  and then everything else listed happened and it kept piling up . 
  she 's quite a character . 
  and she 'd kick them even if they were on top , as shown in that comment about phelps . 
  but i 'm sure phelps will never ever lose any sleep just because ronda bashed on him because he did n't even acknowledge her . 
  you get over yourself , lady . 
  right ? 
  i 've always found that particular argument very flawed . 
  uhmmm , excuse you , lots of people can pride themselves on having tremendous amounts of courage even if they do n't want to subject themselves to bodily harm . 
  just because i 've made the conscious decision of not wanting to get hit in the face does n't mean i 'm a coward . 
  from the comments :, 
   thats how she got that ass whipped by keeping her head up lol, 
  strikeforce ronda was the best ronda , both physically and personally , imho . 
  `` i respect you so much as an athlete that i 'm not even going to be taking any chances '' sounds waaaaay different from `` i can beat any of these girls with a hand tied to my back '' . 
  and she used to be all smiles and giggles compared to how hard she tried to look so mean and tough in the most recent years . 
  whatever , she made her life choices and i hope she 's happy with them . 
  and $ 200,000 could be life-changing money for many of us on the shit end of the financial stick , so i 'd get mauled too , i swear i 100 % would . 
  and hopefully i 'd be unconscious by the first slam , so it might actually just be mere seconds . 
  not a terrible deal , if you ask me . 
  or is that what you meant when you said 25 minutes are long ? 
  luke , pls . 
  do n't be scared , homie . 
  ahhhh i completely forgot about her . 
  yeah , she 's my pick as well . 
  fair enough but $ 200,000 is still quite a lot of money when converted to the currency of my country . 
  and i have medical insurance so the attention would almost be for free even if i ended up in the icu . 
  what can i say ? 
  i 'm in desperate need of cash so i 'd take my chances . 
  book it , dana . 
  pretty please ? 
  clearly you have n't been to r/ufc, 
  being there makes you appreciate the mods here . 
  they do a great job in general but sometimes you need a different perspective to appreciate what you have . 
  hilariously savage . 
  awww shit , i completely forgot about that !, 
  and that was the first time miesha talked about retirement , no ? 
  thinking about it seems pretty crazy now . 
  awww man , i miss my momma holly . 
  i hope she 's back on the winning track soon . 
  and kudos to valentina for doing so well even though she 's small relative to the division . 
  wishing her a successful outcome vs pe\u00f1a !, 
  it 's a great film !, 
  hopefully you 'll enjoy it . 
   he actually wore a world 's greatest dad shirt to one of the court hearings, 
  the fucking nerve of that man . 
  disgraceful . 
  i like rose so much . 
  ca n't wait to see her fight again . 
  oh shit , you 're super young !, 
  and with that much training experience on your resume . 
  keep up the hard work , i 'm actually glad you waited that long to let your body continue to grow , get the experience , the mental maturity and all that . 
  and evidently you 're off to a good start . 
  congratulations and good luck , love !, 
  why would she want to fix it while she 's still fighting only to get it broken again and again ? 
  no , she was n't . 
  her legs were crushed but she died only because somebody decided to cut them off with a machete . 
  the legs were gone , but she was n't . 
  whoever did the cutting should have abstained from doing so , wait for the crane to lift the container and let her be taken away by actual medical staff so she could get a proper amputation with all the care necessary . 
  her death could have been prevented , from where i see it . 
  fuck , i know . 
  horrific way to go , last thing you see is yourself looking like actual meat on the ground . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm seeing it , but since i 'm not an expert , i 'm just speculating based on what was reported , that she died * after * her legs got cut off . 
  my logic is telling me , even if you have the odds against you , let 's say , she 's got 99 % chances she 's going to die anyway , you still take that 1 % chance to wait for actual experts to take care of the situation . 
  who knows , maybe she was indeed toast at that point , maybe not . 
  again , i 'd personally still want to take that chance instead of jumping the gun and saying `` meh , she 's a goner , might as well chop her legs and hope for the best '' . 
  or maybe chop her legs to free her and try to stop the bleeding , i do n't know . 
  just do n't cut her and then step aside to watch as she bleeds to death . 
  i 'm just saying , the situation was handled very , very poorly . 
  if you do n't know what you 're doing , just move over and let people who do take care of the ordeal . 
  your heart might be in the right place and all you want to do is help but if you have no idea wtf to do , just stop . 
  or at least that 's what * i * would do . 
  maybe even with crushed legs she had enough time to wait for an ambulance to come and take her away , maybe not . 
  all i know is cutting her legs and severing an artery or something makes her situation waaaay more fucked up and her 1 % chance of making it is now reduced to zero . 
  why would you want to do that ? 
  i have a hard time wrapping my head around this . 
  exactly . 
  look at jessica penne . 
  she had to get her nose fixed after the joanna fight , and although subtle , you can see an improvement in looks . 
  like you said , why the hell not ? 
  this is particularly true for women . 
  the majority of us would n't pass on the opportunity to look pretty , whether it 's through something minor like a nice lip color or a flattering blouse , or something major like getting tits or a nose job . 
  even more so when you 're a woman like miesha who 's in the public eye . 
  men do it too . 
  everyone does , really . 
  whether we like it or not , people who look hella good have it easier in life a lot of the times . 
  and if you 're a person with the opportunity to improve your looks and feel more confident as a result , then more power to you . 
  goddamn , she looks so radically different . 
  super pretty regardless . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  and you 're not alone , i 've heard/read people saying they liked pre-nose job jessica more . 
  i 've always thought she was pretty but i do prefer her looks now . 
  like i said , it was subtle enough that she still looks like herself ( let 's just say it , she still has a big nose but that 's a very characteristic feature on her ) but noticeable enough that you can tell the difference . 
  she 's really pretty regardless , imho . 
  r/im14andthisisfunny is leaking . 
  ugh that was brutal . 
  everyone looked devastated .
