  * tercermundistas ... *, 
  troll harder . 
  i do n't know with certainty either but i can tell you from experience that my dad was experiencing excruciating kidney pain , got an ultrasound and it turned out he had like 6 stones . 
  eventually he ended up passing one but that was it . 
  looking at how much in pain and discomfort he was with 6 stones , i 'm just going to assume 24 is a fuck ton of them . 
  poor matt and poor kidneys , bless them . 
  or a good russian translator for anyone , really . 
  i remember some interview where mila kunis was ranting about how she was in a press conference somewhere and they started asking her and her co-workers a bunch of questions in russian ( i think she was promoting a movie ) and she was actually quite annoyed by the fact that the translations were so terrible and inaccurate that she basically took over the role of the translator . 
  so , maybe it is pretty fucking hard to get a person good at translating that language specifically . 
  falso . 
  if each face was hand painted/drawn by someone , beautiful job . 
  but overall , the poster looks pretty meh . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , even if it was n't handmade like i said and this was like a digital drawing or just regular photos with some heavy photoshop treatment ( do n't shit on me , please , i know next to nothing about art ) , i think the style is pretty . 
  but it feels like somewhere in the middle whoever made it felt like the faces were too much work so let 's just add some letters and put it all together on a white background because fuck it . 
  i mean , they did n't even try to add jj 's last name !, 
  haha i like how we all shit on r/ufc . 
  to be fair , it is a pretty terrible sub . 
  consider that gif stolen !, 
  it 's going straight to my `` awesomesauce '' folder . 
  two weeks ? 
  come on now . 
  it 's only 6 seasons . 
  watching 12 episodes per day , you 'll be done in 5 days . 
  do n't ask me how i know this either . 
  why ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i 'm sure he consistently shows up to fight whoever they put in front of him , including the top contenders when he had the belt . 
  same , and on night mode , so all of reddit looks black to me all the time . 
  but it 's not like he was complete and absolutely outclassed on both of those fights . 
  from my recollection , he was actually winning both fights he ended up losing ( not taking anything away from rockhold or romero , they both did an excellent job capitalizing on the mistakes weidman made ) . 
  again , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm almost completely sure he was winning vs romero but i 'm not that sure vs rockhold . 
  no shame in losing to those guys anyway . 
  i 'm not a weidman fan but i respect him , he 's never ducked anyone and has defeated some beasts with legendary runs . 
  and shit talk any werdum cursor as well and try to pick up a fight with it because nothing is impossible . 
  hey u/causedmanatee , it 's time to do yo thang , bby . 
  r/place is a huge white canvas ( or it was when it very first started ) where each reddit user could `` place a tile '' ( it 's a single pixel , really ) , one at a time every x amount of time ( it 's varied from 5 minutes to even 20 minutes at some point ) . 
  so , groups of people ( entire subreddits even ) have been creating pixel art and so far it looks beautiful . 
  a lot of people have been putting a lot of time and effort into their creations and honestly i think you should just go and check it out . 
  edit : i apologise to you but i sound nothing like morgan freeman . 
  i still hope i was clear enough and now you understand a bit better . 
  anyone with a reddit account . 
  so , right now , it 's one pixel per reddit account every 5 minutes . 
  well , actually , you are unfortunately very wrong because there are a bunch of trolls who have been messing with a lot of our creations . 
  you can tell because , when you click on a pixel , you can see the username of whoever placed that pixel there and , for example , for my country 's subreddit ( mexico ) we drew our flag , a banner and some characters and every time someone places some shitty pixel that messes with our stuff , you see the account and it 's either some bullshit throwaway whose last comment in its history was 3 years ago or some user from the trump subreddit ( we actually caught their thread where they were agreeing to mess with our flag and how that was going to be hilarious and blah blah ) . 
  anyway , lots of other creations are being messed with . 
  the uk sub drew their flag almost right next to ours and drew a little pixel queen and some trolls drew a dick on their queen , they 've been drawing dicks on pikachus , nyan cat , there 's a beautiful mona lisa drawing somewhere in there and they drew tits on her and so on and without fail you can tell the majority of them are throwaway accounts . 
  it 's pretty lame but whatever amuses them is ok , i guess . 
  i would n't know . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/place?webview=true ) is the canvas-only version . 
  the actual subreddit with threads and such would be r/place . 
  that 's so incredibly sweet no matter what . 
  bless her heart . 
  you probably already gave her a hug but give her another one for me and say helen from reddit sent it to her for being such a sweetheart haha < 3, 
  my pussy ass internet died and i got disconnected without saying goodbye to you guys or being able to help you further but i 'm glad what we worked on managed to stay there until the end . 
  it was so much fun !, 
  thank you for being such a great leader and guiding us through the process !, 
  man , you got ta love these people who do n't contribute to a cause but still have the guts to complain . 
  there 's always at least one no matter where or what said cause is !, 
  we had fun with our tiny little project and that 's all that matters :3, 
  and her husband . 
  actually it just seems overall she has a solid support system around her . 
  i like michelle so much < 3, 
  let them get comfortable . 
  i want to apologize to you in advance for what i 'm about to say as i realize this is probably no laughing matter but that last line did make me giggle . 
  i can see myself going `` nope '' and leaving the camera behind , fuck this and fuck * that * camera in particular . 
  sounds crazy to me . 
  i never take my glasses off when i 'm at the gym because if i do , everything looks blurry as fuck and it 's like i lose my depth perception . 
  the world gets stupidly dangerous when i 'm not wearing my glasses , it 's not even worth giving it a try . 
  how anyone with a shitty vision or even worse , a disability like bisping can go out there and perform seems fucking nuts to me . 
  respect . 
  wait , what ? 
  tell me more !, 
  weights , of course . 
  not only does sparring with glasses sound dangerous but it actually sounds downright stupid haha do n't try it , children . 
  * [ looks it up ] *, 
  after a very brief research , it seems i would not be the ideal candidate . 
  it also appears that this is n't really available in my area because there is virtually no market for that treatment as it is considerably more expensive than laser surgery and well , people just gravitate towards that procedure instead . 
  i 'm going to ask my actual doctor about it though , it actually sounds quite interesting . 
  also , fuck my defective eyeballs . 
  thanks for the heads up , though !, 
  25 here , same exact thing . 
  i 'm just waiting for my numbers to stabilize a little bit . 
  i 'm still a bit reluctant about laser because my mom got that done and she got some shitty side effects ( eyes are dry as fuck all the time , fluorescent lights make her eyes hurt , etc ) . 
  anyway , let 's see what happens in the future . 
  i still like your option so i 'll do more extensive research . 
  so , one hour from now ? 
  really , really ? 
  but why ? 
  nutrisa ? 
  they sell supplements but i do n't know which brands or kinds . 
  if it 's not too much to ask , i 'd like some visuals to go with the story , pls . 
  what a performance by rose < 3, 
  that kick looked like the one holly used to ko ronda . 
  again ? 
  she said rose is her favorite fighter , and michelle is super kind anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure she can live without specifically * you * in said wagon . 
  i see your point ( kind of ) but i do n't know why you seem so passionate about her making adjustments when she seems to be doing just fine so far , out of shape or not , fighting in freak shows or not . 
  get over yourself . 
  she 's not affecting you or anyone for that matter in any way , shape or form .
