  i 'm assuming the `` children '' thing comes from their appearance , and this new child looks nothing like a child . 
  i 'd pick the first . 
  dayne pretty much manhandled everyone , but alas one of the presumed casualties really was n't and came to stab him in the back ( of the neck ? ) . 
  he did just fine , relatively speaking . 
  ahhhh that makes perfect sense then . 
  so i guess i do n't have a problem with the alien-looking `` child '' anymore . 
  i think i still like the first child more because it 's more hmmm ... 
  i do n't know how to describe it . 
  anyway , with your explanation the new child does fit the description a lot more , yes . 
  i hope he does it . 
  what would werdum 's reaction be like ? 
  i feel like he would find it very amusing . 
  it is known . 
  well , hello there, 
  not hot but i like her voice and she strikes me as a genuinely nice person . 
  she 's cool . 
  he 's fine but not really my type . 
  damn , wishing you the best . 
  hopefully it 's nothing that ca n't be easily dealt with : /, 
  i think it was a different thiago . 
  why does bruce sound like he 's on a rush ? 
  fight night events , yes . 
  not numbered events though , ppv has to start in 25 minutes ( counting from now ) . 
  i saw barberena winning but the judges are weird tonight , i think alves wins it . 
  man , i 'm so happy i was wrong , seriously . 
  that 's pretty much her only hope , me thinks . 
  weird stoppage ? 
  come on , guys . 
  did you really want to see leslie dead ? 
  some punches and she acquired the semi squinty look . 
  `` squinty '' as in her eyes were already swollen . 
  i love leslie 's spirit and determination . 
  last time she was in trouble , her ear was about to fall off and she still complained about the stoppage , that should tell you something about how fucking game she is . 
  but still , that does n't mean fights should n't be stopped . 
  it was a matter of time before things got * really * ugly . 
  oh , i agree . 
  all i 'm saying is , the fight could have continued , but should it ? 
  do you honestly think leslie could have done anything of significance to cyborg , like , at all ? 
  it probably felt a bit anticlimactic but still , it was a time ticking bomb . 
  i disagree but maybe because i would have hated to watch my momma smith walking away with some serious brain damage . 
  that is , if she could walk at all . 
  she had nothing to prove , that burden is on cyborg . 
  the fuck was that o_o, 
  because she 's tough as fuck . 
  against jessica eye she almost lost her ear and still `` complained '' about the doctor 's stoppage saying it did n't hurt her at all and she was fine . 
  just because you can still fight does n't mean you should , i think . 
  props to her for agreeing to get locked in a cage with cris in the first place though . 
  is she as beautiful in person as she is on tv/photos ? 
  also , that 's one of the healthiest-looking beards i 've ever seen . 
  you 're a fine-looking gentleman yourself as well , with all due respect . 
  iirc , jorina baars ( arguably one of the best female kickboxers ) fed cyborg knees straight to the chin . 
  i honestly do n't see anyone in wmma fucking up cyborg with a punch , at all . 
  holly kicks hard , ronda punches hard , and i still do n't see them doing much to her , not in the striking department anyway . 
  i love leslie 's determination but seriously , i think there 's a very fine line between being confident and being delusional . 
  cyborg is seemingly an actual cyborg , it 's genuinely scary what she does to her opponents . 
  leslie almost lost an ear and got away with it , i do n't know how easy it is to get away with brain damage . 
  bless her heart though . 
  she does . 
  do n't get carried away by how shitty overall her striking is , she does hit hard . 
  you probably missed her fights where she put girls to sleep . 
  one could argue her weight class is shallow and weak and anyone could put any of the women in it to sleep but right off the top of my head i ca n't think of anyone who did before her , or after . 
  she * does * hit hard , even with crappy technique . 
  her face , more like , and she sent davis to a realm where the ref was the enemy . 
  my eyes got all watery . 
  when was the last time we saw starks together ? 
  sansa and jon were n't even close and they hugged like they genuinely loved and cared for each other . 
  after all they 've been through , it was so endearing to see them sharing that one little moment of joy and relief . 
  shit will hit the fan again sooner than later but at least this time they get to go through it together . 
  bran and rickon is the one time i could remember . 
  after that , they 've all been all over the place . 
  for now , i 'm already considering rickon a goner so i feel it 'll be a while before we see more starks joining the reunion . 
  this one scene was pleasant . 
  finally some happiness for them , so to speak . 
  but the very last time we saw any of them together ( as in aware of each other 's presence ) was the time when bran and rickon parted ways , i think . 
  i say rickon is a goner because i 'm not too positive sansa and jon will get to him while he 's still alive . 
  i really do n't think he makes it . 
  if you 're suggesting that loras will succumb to the high sparrow as in he will join the faith militant 's ranks , then maybe he could be picked the faith 's champion and clash vs zombie mountain . 
  otherwise , it makes no sense . 
  gregor fights for cersei vs whoever the faith picks , loras awaits his own trial . 
  i would n't say there are `` patterns '' . 
  it was the easiest guess because at the moment ramsay is protected by a very thick plot armor , there was no way he would die there and then . 
  incredibly sweet and powerful moment , i 've watched that one scene like 20 times already . 
  in the books , but it seems to me like in the show they straight up made her fireproof . 
  there was no magic involved this second time , she 's truly immune . 
  i do n't think it 's that she hates blood magic per se , she hates what it was used for ( i.e. , killing renly ) . 
  i 'm assuming that if , let 's say , somebody used blood magic to bring renly back , she 'd be pleased . 
  which is unfortunate because now your relative is dead and on top of dealing with that loss , you have to deal with a huge financial burden . 
  my aunt recently passed away from cancer . 
  it was on her breast the first time , so she went through the chemo and beat it . 
  then it reappeared but this time on her liver -  treatment -  success , then on her uterus -  treatment -  success . 
  last time it appeared in such an aggressive manner that the chemo did n't do anything for her , in fact , it only made her even worse . 
  my uncle is now seeking compensation for that very last failed treatment . 
  i think it 's fair if successful treatments are paid for by the patient ( or their relatives ) but if they 're not successful , they should have the option to get at the very least their debt reduced . 
  same in mexico . 
  either `` sleepy '' or `` ashamed '' . 
  haha right ? 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  almost every division is `` shallow '' if you think of them in terms of legit contenders . 
  some are worse than others , that 's a given , but like you said , there 's no way middleweight is worse than , let 's say , women 's bantamweight . 
  middleweight is n't even * that * shallow , or is it ?
