  my gym shit is mostly cheap and none of those pieces of clothing have ever done that to me . 
  the only expensive item i have is a single pair of nike leggings and it 's never done that . 
  never . 
  not even once . 
  i do n't know how or why i should be expecting that an expensive bra will ruin the rest of my shit in the washing machine . 
  * it should n't . 
  * wtf kind of crappy textile that bleeds dye is that ? 
  seriously . 
  there 's no justifying that . 
  just saw this on holly 's fb page . 
  i 'm so excited !, 
  both fights should be amazing ... 
  i hope !, 
  that 's my least favorite part of it all but hey , to each their own . 
  i just want to see the fights and that is all . 
  bring it !, 
  well , this was back in 2009 iirc . 
  i was going through maxim 's hot 100 list and there she was at no . 
  fell in love with her , and soon after a quick google search , i was introduced to her mma career and to mma as a whole , strikeforce stuff mostly . 
  and that 's how , even though i did n't understand a damn thing except for punches ( dad 's a big boxing fan ) , i fell in love with the sport . 
  watching it , at least . 
  it was an on and off thing though . 
  my poor memory and also the fact that not many channels broadcasted any fights prevented me from actually following any organizations , until i actually found one that did air the numbered ufc events . 
  been following religiously since gsp vs diaz . 
  wait , so you watched it thinking it was porn ? 
  that 's both cute and funny haha, 
  so , something cool came from the shitty experience . 
  good for you !, 
  i hope you 're fine and healthy now . 
  injury bug , please stay out of this one . 
  pretty please ? 
  the punching power alone makes ronda 's striking better than miesha 's in my opinion , or at the very least more effective and/or reliable . 
  none of them are even decent at it though , objectively speaking . 
  no martial arts for me . 
  i love being an spectator though . 
  i only do weight training but that 's about it . 
  however , if for some reason i decided i really want to give them a try , i 'd pick muay thai , that 's my favorite combat style . 
  dat flair tho ... 
  there 's also the cleganebowl theory which fits into the prophecy . 
  it 's either that or one of cersei 's actual little brothers , in my opinion . 
  oh sure , i 'm a big gore fan so i know that genre is x-rated too but i thought that since the tape said `` xxx '' you probably thought it was porn and watched it expecting titties . 
  nevermind then . 
  it 's a pretty cool story regardless :d, 
  ohhhh this is my favorite , it 's so subtle . 
  edit : originally i literally only saw the changes of the face , which is why i pointed out it was subtle . 
  the addition of the bottle and the tissues was something that i noticed only after it was pointed out to me the edition was n't * subtle * . 
  my bad . 
  yes , me too !, 
  the face is all i saw at first and that 's what i thought was subtle , 
  why ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  is she arrogant or something ? 
   kept pushing the fighters to buy his peanut butter, 
  that part is so fucking petty that it does sound like it 's made up . 
  it 's truly laughable , to say the least . 
  you 're fighting soon , are n't you ? 
  lots of luck finding sponsors and lots of luck with your future endeavors as well . 
  nice video :d, 
  is she really ? 
  i do remember seeing her walk with him to the cage and thinking she was beautiful but i had no idea she 's a model . 
  that explains it . 
  oh shit , that 's like a big deal , huh ? 
  well , good for them :d, 
  her bout with eggink is her best , imho . 
  one of my favorite brawls . 
  it was so exciting . 
  plop . 
  haha !, 
  same here !, 
  i 'm seeing all these `` my hair looks better and it 's growing faster '' replies and all of a sudden i 'm craving some of that magical stuff ... 
  i want beautiful hair so badly :(, 
  come on now , girls . 
  work on your dick skills !, 
  ugh , just imagine if we could !, 
  i would totally make it all go to mah titties :3, 
  because , we ca n't ... can we ? 
  a girl can dream , right ? 
  * [ sobs ] *, 
  i like that after the tkos and gnp action we 've seen so far , they decided to play `` ca n't feel my face '' on the background . 
  that legit made me laugh when i heard it . 
  i think only rd 1 was questionable , but the other 2 were definitely for schneider . 
  i do n't know if she is anymore . 
  i recall seeing her fight once and then she had a baby and i do n't know what happened after that . 
  i mean , apart from this post-interviewer gig . 
  dat toenail tho ... all the damage cyborg took was self-inflicted , it seems . 
  laura sanko , fought for invicta herself in the past . 
  i just saw someone on my twitter feed retweet her and apparently her bio says `` former pro mma fighter '' , so there 's that . 
  you 're welcome , 
  yep , and she fought on one of the early cards where there were still a crap ton of girls who are currently in the ufc . 
  it would have been nice to see more of her but it 's perfectly fine that she decided to be a mommy instead . 
  she 's getting better at these interviews and , in my opinion , she 's very beautiful so it 's nice they put her there , my eyes really appreciate the candy . 
  random and regular , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  do n't quote me on that though , but i do recall reading knapp stating the fighters in her roaster get regularly tested . 
  hahahaha well , yes , of course . 
  brain fart xd, 
  that is the first thing that came to my mind , actually . 
  not judgey , just facetious . 
  that 's the one i recall as being the most `` explicit '' , so to speak . 
  i do n't remember if there was that much nudity but it was pretty out there in terms of what was depicted . 
  or , majority of the times you lose weight and there go your boobs as well .
