you ca n't see their face , its the same reason why ski mask are n't allowed . 
  i personally do n't care either way , wear a burqa do n't wear a burqa . 
  i would understand the logic behind banning any piece of clothing that covers the face as a preventive measure for people who would use it to commit crime . 
  however , as i am typing this and thinking about it . 
  if you are about to commit a crime or terrorist attack you would want to draw as little attention to you as possible , but a burqa would have the opposite effect . 
  so that could be used as an argument . 
  why would anyone be against this ? 
  it seems logic to me to have a ban on these type of clothing for public safety . 
  i think they should ban the niqab as well . 
  damn . 
  why is it that there is so much hate in r/europe . 
  i personally do n't share the sentiment here that we are on the brink of war with islam . 
  there is n't really that big of a difference between the 3 abrahamic religions , they share almost the same tenants . 
  this has more to do with social economic circumstances , cultural and a perception that a large number of muslims have a more literal , conservative and `` believe '' more in their religon than the other abrahamic religions . 
  it 's just two different extremist that feed off the hate and share a symbiotic relationship . 
  the far right would n't be as popular as it is without extremist islam and extremist islam would n't be as `` successful '' as it is without the hate and separation that the far right breeds . 
  i wan na laugh , but we have an even bigger buffoon with even worse hair in my country . 
  at least your lovable idiot is oxford educated ours is just a child with a loaded gun on a sugar high . 
   someone seriously needs to make a show about what has occurred in these past two years . 
  it would start with the running of donald trump . 
  season 1 and 2 would be purely about the election in the us primaries . 
  then , we would start talking about brexit , the situation in spain , maybe even geert wilders . 
  i swear , we live in one of the most interesting times in politics . 
  i do n't think geert deserves an episode , maybe he could be a running joke . 
  boris and nigel are at least educated , geert has done mavo . 
  when i look at the mess that an oxford educated politician has created , i ca n't even imagine what geert would do . 
  what does this mean for british citizens in eu and eu citizens in uk ? 
  if they have n't reached an trade agreement and they are considered a third country then i assume mass deportation would be legal albeit not practical . 
   what do you mean ? 
  do n't you love a brutally honest article like this ? 
  i mean it really gives a sense of how nicola sturgeon was brutally mauled and left to die by france and spain . 
  as long as they are part of the uk , if they are n't then it is a different story . 
  they did n't . 
  as long as they are part of the uk , then it is killed , if they are n't part of the uk , then its a different story . 
      he knows that freedom of movement is going to continue , he is going to continue to oppose it and when all the bad things happen because of exactly !, 
  plus he is married to a german woman . 
  i really do n't understand the guy . 
  he is a walking contradiction . 
  first he says its not all about immigration , now he implies its all about immigration . 
  this is what i also do n't understand , first he say says its not all about immigration , then he implies that it is all about it immigration . 
  i am confused . 
  nigel farrage is an evil barnacle that clinges on the eu ship . 
  i have to be honest , he is a very smart man . 
  i mean littlefinger smart . 
  he knows that freedom of movement is going to continue , he is going to continue to oppose it and when all the bad things happen because of brexit , he is going to blame the new parliament and the eu . 
  the only way to remove the barnacle from the ship is to let it commender it and sink it . 
  unfortunately , it is not worth ruining the lives of generations of people , just to tell this village idiot `` i told you so '', 
  could be , but i doubt it . 
  i really hope everything works out for everybody . 
   prepared i disagree , to say if they are n't prepared to pay the fee 's , plenty of students will come is simplistic and wrong . 
  universities lowering fee 's opposite is going to happen , since uk university get a lot of research funding from the eu and now that it is gone , it will increase not decrease . 
  the intellectual economy will lower and a skilled labour shortage will intensify , requiring more immigration . 
  as for control , the uk will have less control outside of the eu and the eu has no plans for a superstate , this is wishful thinking . 
  the reason why freedom of movement is so important , it is one of the four freedoms we have and it allows for innovation and exchange of ideas and beneficial to all economies . 
  i can promise you one thing and time will tell , you will not have less immigration . 
  you are also contradicting yourself , first you said more students and workers , now you said fuck the students . 
  they probably know that the uk is going to be forced to open up its asshole to the eu to retain access to the single market and as long as they do this , the leavers might be unhappy , the people will be worse off , but regular business for the banks . 
  yeah i stand corrected , but with all due respect control of immigration is kind of a stupid argument . 
  cameron already negotiated a deal to where benefits are reduced for new migrants , where people who marry eu nations who come from outside the eu wo n't have freedom of movement . 
  this is a way better deal than that brexit is offering . 
  i understand the fear of migration , but the uk has a labour shortage , it needs people to fill those jobs . 
  it is not like people are coming to claim benefits , it happens but not on a mass scale . 
  studying in uk is not an option anymore for most eu students , the uk was already the most expensive option and now that student loans are probably going to be abolished and eu home fee 's too , plus it relies heavily on eu funding , this will be reduced . 
  i am genuinely curious how leave voters are going to justify this . 
  btw , how would you guys feel if free movement did n't change ? 
  imo populist would burn their nation to the ground , just so they can rule the ashes . 
  cool, 
  nothing bad has come out out of trump or brexit , besides racist attacks , a guy going to a pizza place with a gun and the pound falling , business considering to move away from the uk , but except for that it 's been mostly neutral . 
  wow i never knew this . 
  it 's kind of like finding out that glaad is homophobic . 
  greenpeace slaughters animals ? 
  no problem . 
  thanks for taking my response into consideration . 
  there are a couple of things i disagree with , and feel free to rebuttable using factual evidence for your case . 
   `` there is no such thing as french culture '' macron quote was `` there is not a french culture . 
  there is a culture in france , and it is diverse . '' which is an accurate description about the state of france . 
   open borders i do n't think you realize how the european union works . 
   yeah he was voted in by mostly immigrants who want free roam of europe anyone can roam free in the schengen zone that is one of the `` four european freedoms '' . 
  85 % of france is white , 10 % north african , 3.5 % is black , and 1.5 % is asian . 
  a large minority of the north african french descendants have been living in france for 3 generations , and are by definition not immigrants . 
  the statistic for native vs resident is : 89.4 % french , 4.4 % french by acquisition , 6.2 % foreigners and 8,9 % immigrants . 
  so it 's not true . 
  honestly , do some non-biased research , and you will come to a different conclusion . 
  there are a lot of fears europeans have about socio-economic issues , but it is based on fact , and not the fiction that you are spitting . 
  bonus fact : muslim population in france is 5 % . 
  no , because she does n't have a plan , and there is no mass immigration . 
  with free tuition , and universal healthcare we would rather donate our luck to the less fortunate states of kentucky , arkansas and the like . 
  you 're a stupid man 's idea of an smart man . 
  most `` real '' le pen supporters probably do n't speak english , or at least abhor speaking it . 
  my god !, 
  a white catholic man becomes president of france , but the country has become islamist . 
  these muslims must be islamism wrong ... 
  misery loves company . 
  wow ... 
  i looked through you comment history , and there are a lot of bots/shills for right wing extremism . 
  kind of scary that it is hard to distinguish the bots/shills from the actual simple minded people who echo these sentiments . 
  why do these americans support le pen ? 
  besides her being racist i would say that macron probably aligns more with their `` laiszes-faire '' believes ? 
   a political philosophy , movement , or regime ( such as that of the fascisti ) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader , severe economic and social regimentation , and forcible suppression of opposition explain to me how that does not describe le pen ? 
  i mean as far as i know there is nothing racist about it .
