  ( i had to google the difference between medicare and medicaid . 
  i had no idea what either of them were . . ), 
  made me laugh . 
  thanks, 
  i spend one summer inter-railing though europe - the best food i ate was in belgium , and brugge was one of the nicest places i visited . 
  hope to visit again . 
  cool . . !, 
   if they 're poor enough they might have insurance through government programs . 
  does that mean that most homeless people have insurance ? 
  got slightly confused by your flag though . . never seen it before . 
  but what happens to children if the parents do n't have any health insurance ? 
  well , its sounds like you have economical security , with a lot less worries than many other people in the us . 
  interesting that it 's the house that keeps her there . 
  you obviously have n't been to norway ... 
  at what point ( age ? ), 
  do a person stop being part of their parents health insurance in the us ? 
  would be interesting to hear what your swedish wife thinks about the us . . 
  i remember only one earth quake when i grew up . 
  it made some of our neighbors kitchen cabinets to flung open . 
  i was a great story we told for years after that . . 
  my thought exactly . 
  these eu people . . what do do with them ... 
  we even have the word - coffee break ( `` kaffepause '' ) . 
  tea-break however is not a word over here . . 
  because they are excluded from all the norway - sweden - denmark fights . 
  so they have to find someone else to fight with . . ( actually i do n't have a clue , i 'm just guessing ... ), 
   actually we are connected to sweden in haparanda and tornio ok , thanks for the info . 
  i was hoping it was possible to go stockholm - helsinki - st petersburg - tallinn by train . 
  but seems like i would have to wait a while for that . . , 
  since i know next to nothing about trains in finland i did a tiny bit of google research , and found two interesting facts : - finland is not connected by train to sweden - . . but it seems possible to go by train from [ helsinki to tallinn ] ( https://www.raileurope.com/europe-travel-guide/ ) ? 
  edit - turns out it was the other way around ... 
  meaning stealing is not very common on finish trains ( which is a good thing ) . 
  reminds me of the time when i , a norwegian , watched a episode of derrick in german , with estonian subtitles , having to translate it all to english for my american friend . . ( happened in the 90 's when i lived for a year in tallinn ), 
  i thought moldova is the poorest country in europe ? 
  ( no offence , 100 years ago we were the poorest country in europe . . ), 
  ukraine does not reach all the way up to finland . . 
  i get that it might get a bit crowded in there if everyone brings their suitcases . 
  but jackets ? 
  what if you are cold ... ? 
  i tried that . . 
  apparently i 'm only in trouble if the ocean rices above 30m ... 
  i get the opposite feeling - norway , for once , looks huge on this map . 
  it will be like walking on the moon ... 
  in a way it 's a pity that they never came to norway to build us some roads . . we did n't really get any roads until the 1600 's, 
  i never realized how flat russia is ... 
  i wish you all the best . 
  stay safe . 
  ( not that the romans was ever able to get passed the fierce germans though . . ), 
  = the ultimate defense !, 
  we were all made from the same though material . 
  ( at least until england and denmark conquered us all . 
  not quite sure what happened there . . ) edit - i see i stepped on someone toes here . . scotland ? 
  most probably . 
  if this was real we would all need to learn rock climbing up here . . 
  what a beautiful sight ... !, 
  i 'm almost tearing up . 
  ( and no , i 'm not kidding . . ), 
  no no . . 
  the romans never got passed the vikings . 
  wimpy romans . . 
  this is why norway does n't fear climate change . 
  we will definitively still be above water ... 
  egg . . ? 
  many have passed away trying . . you sure you are willing to risk your life for this ? 
  makes spain look like a desert . . 
  more manufacturers should consider setting up production on eastern europe rather than china ... 
  i completely agree . 
  and the people that do n't vote have absolutely no right to complain . . 
  i could n't think of any nicer design the the one we already have . . 
  time will show as this story unfolds ... 
  i never liked eu much , but i always understood estonia 's wish to be closer connected to the rest of europe . 
  way to go germany !, 
  good to hear !, 
  have to try to visit again some time soon . 
  i keep promising my husband i will show him around tallinn ... 
  first we were stopped by that volcano ash for weeks , and now this bird ?? 
  what will be the next ? 
  i appreaciate your input , thank you . 
  i always prefer hearing both sides of a story . 
  no problem, 
  have they implemented it yet ? 
  500 a month ? 
  yes . . that is always a challenge ... 
  polish politics does n't reach our news much so i had no idea about this ... 
  if they are voted in by the people , it is what the people want then i guess . . ? 
  i had visited polen a lot before 97 , so to me estonia seemed quite ok back then . 
   is estonia doing better now than in 97 ? 
  haha . 
   tusenfryd is not too bad . 
  just not as great as some of the others . 
  how are you doing over there at the moment ? 
  i lived in tallinn 96-97 , and back then you seemed to do a lot better than many other countries in the east . 
  ( last time i visited was in 2002 . 
  would love to visit again ! ), 
  estonia , what are you doing over there ? 
  factories ? 
  ( no , i 'm not pointing a finger , i 'm just curious - i used to live one year in tallinn in the 90 's , and then i went back as a tourist in 2002 . but i ca n't remember seeing a lot of factories ) . 
  maybe the polish people need to change their government . . ? 
  the other half of norway you will find in legoland . . , 
  yeah , unfortunally norway was never very good at theme parks ...
