  * shhh . . not so loud !, 
  seems like staying outside the eu even improves your baby-making-skills !, 
  who would have guessed . . 
  we are even good at making babies . 
  the blue map looks friendlier . . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  what is so bad ? 
  ( i know there is a lot of corruption and bad driving . . but that is about it . . ), 
  what country is that ? 
  i live on the southern tip of norway - that is also where lots of people go on holiday . 
  still not considered southern europe . 
  do they see it the same way ? 
  i hate it when someone is not showing their flare . . how on earth am i supposed to know what you mean without it ? 
  ( stomps my foot on the ground and shakes my fist in the air ) , 
   that means lot s of people end up working off the books because that 's what the employer wants . 
  over here that would make the employer end up it a lot of trouble ... 
  i find it interesting that you feel better off in the us . 
  i guess that means it 's really bad in italy at the moment . . 
  i 'm used to unions having lots of power , so both working conditions and salaries are for the most part good . 
  and any company mistreating their employees will quickly end up in the newspapers , and get lots of bad publicity . 
  so it seems . 
  are things changing now though ? 
  or is the government willing to receive new wave of immigrants ? 
  really ? 
  here it 's very common . 
  many students work part time throughout their studies . 
  the ones that do n't usually have a summer job every summer . 
   also lots of people are working off the books . 
  here that is rare , especially if it 's a full-time job . 
  so you are from the south as well then . . 
  i will have to pay more attention then i guess . 
  in most cases norwegian is required . 
  but you can find a few jobs in the oil industry where english is sufficient . 
   a system forged by a mentality in which meritocracy does not exist what do you mean by that ? 
   what is expensive is everything else , like public transportation ( my father spends for me 170 euros every month ) , food ( at least 10 euros every day if you want to drink water , 5 per day if you can live without drinking all day like i do ) , books ( this year 2nd/3rd hand books costed my father 400 euros and a place to sleep and have a shower ( and not to study because too small/noisy ) costs about 150 euros/month if shared with 4 people . 
  your transportation is in fact more expensive than most students here pay . 
  some stats i found say that a student in norway spend 8 $ per day on food . 
  rent is cheaper there though . 
  most students in norway work at least some on the side when studying , and the rest is covered by student loans . 
  some are helped by their parents , but lack of money is rarely a reason for not studying , as everybody get student loans . 
  greece is definitely [ european ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/img/areamap/99be850226b20c6a0eea486d1a61b391.gif ) . . 
  and they do n't produce similar cheese ? 
  someone could make lots of money here starting to produce finish cheese in russia ... 
   and people are just moodier and less sociable in winter . 
  that is true . 
  norwegians definitely become more introvert in the winter , and more outgoing in the summer . . 
  it 's here . 
  i 've observed several fights already . 
  also interesting to see in which nations it had little or no effect . 
  says the person not even identifying where they are from ... 
  definitely [ asia ] ( http://www.nationsonline.org/maps/countries_europe_map.jpg ) . 
  exactly . 
  if you ca n't go to the beach anyways ( because of the 50cm of snow covering it ) you can just as well work or study . 
   that said , most friends go on to study something useful , and then continue to be productive members of norwegian society ;-p . we do n't mind . . , 
  depends on where you live . 
  up here 35 % of people age 20-24 are studying . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.ssb.no/utdanning/statistikker/utuvh ), 
  that 's a pity . 
  education is rarely wasted . 
  and considering how many italians still live at home at that age you would think the parents had some influence on that ? 
  or maybe that is the problem , that them still living at home makes it less urgent to study or get a job ? 
  would be interesting to see more detailed stats on this in italy . . 
   studying often costs too much for the family and not everyone is born to study engineering . 
  that answered my original question . 
  up here education is free , so there is really no excuse not to study . 
  if engineering is not your thing you can always study something else instead . 
  true , but your english needs to still be very good . 
  i 've met spanish people in norway that neither speaks norwegian , nor english . 
  then your chance of getting a job is close to zero . . 
  but ff it 's easy , why are more than 20 % of them not working ( neither studying ) ? 
  i believe estonia would might have been considered north if it was n't for the fact that you were under russia for a while . 
  but if it 's a consultation you definitely have the nicest capital of europe . 
  no no no , this is wrong . 
  we see norway , iceland , sweden , finland and denmark as north . 
  every time . 
  ( what is the line going from the uk to africa i wonder . . ? ), 
  i actually never see russia as europe , so i can relate . . 
  i have n't even seen a single russian in this sub . . 
  we do n't see that divide at all . . we feel sometimes more related to denmark than sweden . 
  ( might have to do with language , and the fact that half of us spend the summer in denmark ) . 
  but danes are probably considered slightly more approachable than the colder norwegians ( although we are always super friendly once you get to know us . .  ), 
  interesting that you consider denmark as `` south '' . 
  i strongly doubt most scandinavians view finland as eastern europe . . 
  sure . 
  but you need to bring lots of money to be able to live here while looking for work and learning the language . . 
  i doubt the 20-24 year old 's in question are able to do that without assistance . 
  to get norway to agree to do this though would be a challenge . 
  sweden and germany on the other hand . . 
  i would move east a bit more west , and make finland purely north . 
  otherwise - i completely agree . 
  well done . 
  i like that the north is blue . . 
  seems fitting , as it was 16 degrees celsius when we got up this morning - indoors . 
  do n't worry , the rest of us northerners view you as a purely northern country . 
  i 've never seen finland as eastern europe . 
  you are definitely north . 
  but i can see why someone all the way on the west-side might make that mistake though . . 
  i 'm surprised about italy , as it means that fewer people there in that age group are studying . 
  is it because education is expensive there ?
