  i understand why it 's a problem , but every country has it 's hyper-active dumb students . 
  i 'm sure ukrainians have nothing against you poles . 
  it would be sad to see polish and ukrainian people get mad at each-other . 
  maybe after the current conflict , ukraine will have new heroes . 
  i agree that caffeine is bad and energy drinks usually have too much of it . 
  no arguments there . 
  the eu membership fee each country has to pay is also calculated based on gdp . 
  do the average russians even go to work in the mornings or have they all accepted it 's pointless , because imperialist americans and eurofascists are about to attack any second ? 
   the sharing and organisation of resources to produce a concerted effort to a common goal needs the same structure no matter if it is infrastructure construction , space exploration , foreign policy or military action . 
  no , it does n't . 
   they all need integration , my choice word since we are already a federation , we have the political makeup of one . 
  you can cooperate without forming a single nation . 
   to picture that a classic military alliance will do us any more good than it has failed to do us in the past 70 years is faulty . 
  nato did help collapse the soviet union , instead of allowing it to advance . 
  also , before that , nazi germany was an empire with a very strict and centralized chain of command , but it was defeated by an alliance . 
   a bunch of shacks do not make a mansion . 
  irrelevant metaphors do not prove anything . 
  are you talking about military alliances again ? 
  both of your points seem to be about military alliances , rather than federalization . 
  artists who have no talent , often just go for cheap tricks , trying to shock people and pretend that 's what art is about . 
   i said they beat persia only when united , the fact that you read `` as a country '' instead `` by alliance '' is on you . 
  then wtf were you even talking about ? 
  my comment was a reply to a previous poster arguing for federalization , not a military alliance . 
  also , the athenian hegemony is a good example of how things go wrong , when power gets too centralized . 
  taurine has a ton of beneficial effects and is completely safe up to 3000 milligrams a day . 
  also , taurine is found naturally in meat , fish and breast milk . 
   the greek city states only beat persia when united you sure ? 
  iirc , the greek city-states only had a military alliance , not a single country . 
  the city-states of ancient greece beat the persian empire several times , eventhough the persian empire was the biggest empire in the world back then . 
  if you think that adding all the countries of europe together into a federalized superstate will magically make another 1 billion europeans appear , then you 're wrong . 
  btw , we 're already less than 1/10 of the world , i believe . 
  next step : people will move out of the cities into smaller towns , which are less ethnically diverse . 
  then they grow more different from each other and want to be more autonomous . 
  eventually , when every ethnic group has their own region , the old nation loses grip and new ones arise . 
  the fall of rome all over again . 
  :p edit : this is a long way from happening , but could eventually happen , if things get worse . 
  most were , yes . 
  hopefully , as we keep recovering from the soviet fuck-ups , the pension also becomes more liveable . 
  if you 're trying to live on pension alone , then you 're doing it wrong imo . 
  like wtf were you doing the previous 40 years if you have no family or investments or savings to support you !, 
  they constantly talk about raising pensions . 
  so they 're kind of like trying to bribe the older generation . 
  they do n't , but if they want to , then `` islamophobia '' should not be the thing stopping them . 
   if you do n't think you have such an obligation then i frankly do n't see the state and military having any obligation to protect you . 
  if it only were like that , but unfortunately the state also requires you to get permits and stuff to obtain the weapons needed to protect yourself . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  meh , personally i 'm cool with that . 
  ( sorry for the cliche , but ) no shit , sherlock !, 
  ah , ok , so you guys are not crazy . 
  those few could also be the most violent ones , you know . 
  forcing others to contribute is . 
  if you want your countrymen to help you protect your country , then you have to convince them your country is worth protecting . 
   taxes are n't forced have you tried not paying them ? 
  then fuck equality . 
  making 100 % of the population suffer , because 50 % are suffering , is just increasing suffering . 
  seriously , if the norwegians have 19 months of mandatory service , then i would n't want that for anyone . 
  mandatory military service should be about giving citizens training for when the country gets invaded , not using them as cheap soldiers . 
  imo , 6-8 months is enough to train someone for both war in winter and in summer . 
  they are probably afraid of the muslim students . 
   any integration is going to help eurosceptics i disagree . 
  it depends on how the eu handles it and what kind of integration they try . 
  a common immigration policy is the sort of integration that would drive eurosceptics . 
  and those who do n't like the compromise will turn into eurosceptics . 
  have you not noticed that immigration is one of the primary issues of eurosceptic parties ? 
  between those who are pro- and those who are anti-immigration . 
  quite the opposite imo . 
  it would create a very clear divide . 
  yes , but with poverty , russia 's military would also start to fall behind . 
  not to mention that russia also has foreign assets , which could be counter-confiscated . 
  a light beige or some other mild color could look nice if it fits the bathroom . 
  burn the churches !, 
  rebuild the longboats !, 
  beer and ak-47s for everyone !!, 
  we sail , my brothers !, 
  did they have any data to back that up or did they just invent shit to sell books or whatever ? 
  i agree , if we want to describe russia as one ethnicity , then it 's slavic . 
  otherwise , russia is a huge country , which has conquered many peoples , so it 's probably very mixed . 
  saying russians are finns is like saying russians are chechens . 
  from op 's link :  an interesting fact that in the middle ages , the boundary between the on and muscovy - was precisely the ethnic boundary between the slavs and finns it makes sense that northern-russia has a lot of finno-ugrics , but moscow itself has never been finno-ugric territory afaik . 
  i think you guys are confusing the terms `` finn '' as someone from finland and `` finn '' as a finno-ugric person . 
  wtf ? 
  finnic peoples moved to the baltic coast long before the mongols took over russia . 
  edit : also , mongols were asian . 
  finno-ugrics are blue eyed and often blonde whites . 
  udmurts are also the most red-haired people in the world . 
  why is assad bad again ? 
  turks are already walking on the streets of europe . 
  ever been to germany ? 
  or denmark ? 
  that said , i also do n't think the eu wants turkey . 
  it 's not bullying . 
  without the treaties , the eu has no obligation to provide switzerland access to the eu 's internal market . 
   when rich people from developed countries move to shithole countries en mass they demand a better quality of life from the country , and it follows . 
  actually , it could drive the prices up for locals , because the foreigners have more money to spend than them . 
  because if other people also thought like that , then your cousin or your neighbour or your friend could lose their job . 
  also , it 's beneficial to keep the money in your economy . 
  a foreigner might take that money back home and pay taxes to his government . 
  but someone with the same passport as you , is more likely to spend that money in your country buying services from you or someone you care about , while also paying taxes to your government . 
  your money is of course your property and you can spend it however you like , but imo it is wiser to support your own countrymen .
