  either you pick a side or get crushed from all sides . 
  i agree , british citizen = / = british woman . 
  you and your mighty downvotes . 
  why would a growing population need stabilizing ? 
   as you said , we 're not getting smaller . 
  you 'll note how our populations are n't decreasing , because of immigration . 
  i know , i meant your culture ( and your ethnicity ) is getting smaller , not your population . 
   those immigrants will grow up and they probably wo n't have a whole lot more children than we do . 
  why not ? 
  do you know any statistics on that ? 
   the rest of the world will also become more and more like us as they get richer , because that 's how this shit works . 
  saudi arabia , kuwait and qatar are rich . 
  are they like you ? 
   our systems wo n't change though , what exactly will stop it from changing , when it 's losing people and getting smaller constantly ? 
   unless you can think of a compelling reason for women in a society to have 3-4 children instead of 1-2 , ** then population decline will continue . 
  ** like i said - the population is not in decline . 
  not even in sweden . 
  the current `` progressive '' system of the west is experiencing declining birth rates and will be replaced one way or another . 
  but the world population is not in decline and as long as the world does n't go through a serious decrease of production capability , the population of the world wo n't start declining any time soon . 
   it does n't seem like we 're too interested in doing it volontarily . 
  the world population is increasing . 
  those who do not want to have children are being replaced by those who do . 
   yes , we should return to `` natural '' gender roles . 
  it 's not a matter of `` should '' . 
  with the current system having a declining birth rate , it 's only a matter of time before it gets replaced one way or another . 
  whatever , i got bored with this discussion . 
  nah , to me the `` then woman will be the equal of man . '', 
  part makes it seems like every individual woman . 
  otherwise it would be ` women ' and ` men ' ( plural ) instead of ` woman ' and ` man ' ( singular ) . 
  i doubt it . 
  so you think that if a woman relies on a man to earn a living , then she 's somehow less than equal to a man ? 
  it does n't talk about being allowed to work , it just says that women who are not in the labor force are not equal to men . 
  the statement does n't care about why they are n't in the labor force . 
  where do the german doctors go ? 
   on that particular issue though - marx and lenin were right to empower women . 
  you do n't have a problem with the quote above ? 
  even though it clearly states , that women who are not in the labor force are n't equal of men ? 
   `` it is necessary to be socialized and for women to participate in common productive labor . 
  then woman will be the equal of man . '', 
  what 's wrong momma 's boy ? 
  are you afraid your future wife will want to be a housewife instead of doing all the work herself and letting you sit on the couch all day ? 
  you do n't know any assholes , who treat housewives as inferior subhumans ? 
  lucky you then , i 've gotten into arguments over this with my own family members . 
  personal observation of mine . 
  it 's noteworthy how the early communists saw no reason to hide their hatred for housewives . 
  now modern leftists pretend they want women to have a choice , but when they meet a housewife , they treat her like dirt . 
   well , considering how few women are in higher careers right now , we should have really , really high birth rates . 
  no , we should n't . 
  it does n't matter if they have `` higher '' careers or regular careers . 
  should marrying someone you 're not attracted to be illegal ? 
  i was just pointing out , that gay people can still get married . 
  gay people ca n't get married in finland ? 
  seriously ? 
  do the bride and groom go through like a psych evaluation to determine that they 're straight or something ? 
   that 's not equality in any way . 
  the terms are still the same for everyone . 
  yes , but that applies to everyone , so it 's not exactly unequal . 
  yeah , f * dealing with declining birth rates and high divorce rates , let 's instead get women even more focused on careers !!, 
  that certainly will work in the long term . 
  but you already have equality in this matter , no ? 
   how can it not be the parent 's guilt ? 
  you do know that in a modern society , you need something called evidence , not just opinions ? 
  i know the children are not to blame , but it seems very difficult to prove the parent 's guilt . 
  seems like this law would be hard to enforce in practice , but i guess it at least sends a message of how such behaviour is not tolerated in swedish society . 
  it could help discourage people from handing money to beggars . 
   travels to their homeland and have it done , it 's a crime . 
  who gets punished ? 
  i agree that it 's probably way worse for females , but children of both sexes should be protected against such sadism . 
  at least we have an actual language , not english ( latin ? ), 
  with an accent . 
  as an investor , who has researched and invested in greek shipping companies i can tell you those guys are retarded . 
  normally businesses take out loans and expand when things are going well . 
  greek shipping companies take out loans and buy new ships when things are going slightly less horribly . 
   estonians are our cousins who speak some monkey language . 
  at least we do n't have a fetish for everyone 's names ending with an s. 
   i see you like three sisters lolwut ? 
  it was n't my intention to say there were n't any before or that mad is the sole cause of proxy wars , i was pointing out that wars still exist . 
  now you have proxy wars . 
  hold on , we still have n't decided which direction the trains will drive . 
  i 'd say china is the ` petty ' one , because https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzbbbhuh5kq, 
   citizens ' defense forces ... transvestite parties . 
  would these counter each other ? 
  r/ukrainianconflict has also been overrun by pro-russian comments . 
  who 's stopping you ? 
  now-now , i 'm sure we 're all sorry that the roma kid was trolling the community so hard he got beaten up . 
  yes , right after they 've completed their mind reading technology . 
  you 're right - so many racist nationalists threatening the roma , that france should just not let them into the country for their own good . 
  ah , ok , so we 've found the solution - italy just has to decommission their ships . 
  then try harder !, 
  australia is a rich country , you could do it , if you wanted to !, 
  and who 's fault is that ? 
  if italy sunk their ships , would it be ok for them to stop rescuing migrants then ? 
  by that logic , australia should also save migrants off the coast of libya . 
  well stop that then , let libya and stuff handle it !, 
  have n't african countries also agreed to this ? 
  let them save their migrants !, 
  i also thought the french industry is doing well with all the cars , armaments , airplanes and luxury goods they 're making . 
   does baltic state not sound cool in estonian ? 
  it 's fine and when speaking purely in a geographical context , then it 's the preferred one . 
  `` eastern-europe '' is the uncool one .
