  maybe they hope , that with evidence , russia will be forced to stop supporting the rebels ? 
  ok , you 're right . 
   he budapest memorandum talks about respecting pretty sure it talks about guaranteeing . 
  do affirmative action policies exist in the us ? 
  yes or no ? 
  that is the question . 
  you bringing in statistics about us congressmen or whatever is an attempt to derail the discussion . 
  no one said anything about a conspiracy besides you . 
  are you saying the us does n't have affirmative action policies , which favor certain races over others ? 
  true , those countries are overpopulated . 
  or at least they are both quite high in population density . 
   it gives the proles a say in how things are run . 
  proles = proletariat = working people not poor people , but working people . 
  well if everything is fine , then those tax havens clearly are n't a real problem . 
   the social contract . 
  not that i 'm rich , but i 've never signed no `` social contract '' and saying someone is in contract from birth is same as slavery . 
   wow i realise now that my view of the collapse of the soviet union is way off . 
  i had an image of the soviet union as only ever held together by the iron fist of russian politicians willing to use their military to keep the other countries in the union as some sort of protectorates . 
  i had imagined the breakup as at least partly a result of nationalist tensions in the eastern and baltic states . 
  i also thought that the dissolution to have been a popular thing especially after the various stories of soviet oppression became more public after the collapse . 
  i also imagined modern day russia to be seen as a powerful bully/menace in eastern europe , what with such a powerful nation always exuding expansionist rhetoric not to mention its frequent use of its military in neighbouring regions . 
  this view is right . 
  but in every former member of the ussr , there is at least a small minority , which has some soviet nostalgia . 
  every empire has it 's collaborators , but majority of the people in eastern-european nations wanted out of the ussr . 
  russian propaganda tries to make it seem like everyone wants the ussr back , but only a small minority does and those are usually ethnic russians relocated to eastern-europe by the ussr . 
  if people are put into place by quotas , even though elections would have favored some one else , then that 's not democratic . 
  we have a satellite in space . 
   estonia does n't do its budget based on internet memes ? 
  ^ it 's ^ cheaper ^ to ^ create ^ the ^ right ^ memes ^ yourself . 
   governments are supposed to be representative of those that they govern . 
  no , governments are supposed to be democratically elected . 
  do n't be silly . 
  `` nigga '' is just slang for `` nigger '' - same thing . 
  because of polandball ? 
  that 's a cop out . 
  there 's no law of nature stating you ca n't have something practical and good looking . 
  that 's quite a challenge for santa . 
  they also gave them a couple of tanks seized in crimea . 
  why is russia getting rid of crimean military loot ? 
  high maintenance cost ? 
  you joke about it , but it 's only a matter of time before the eu figures out subsidizing the military will create jobs and improve numbers . 
  and once there 's a powerful military machine , trigger fingers start getting itchy . 
  sort of like the us . 
   i think the easiest solution would be to give them a plot of land for their own country similar to orania ? 
  ( my reply to your other comment . ), 
  i think the easiest solution would be to give them a plot of land for their own country similar to orania ? 
  the problem is that i brought a valid ( imo ) argument to the table - they have laws , which favor one race , so they 're racist . 
  and you trying to say that argument is bs because you have decades of experience and i should just trust you is n't really convincing . 
  soooo ... because you say so . 
   you heathens ... secular propaganda !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  which is it then ? 
  heathenry or secularism ? 
  i 'm not a christian , but i still oppose abortion . 
  it 's not just a matter of religion , but also personal view of ethics . 
  why not ? 
  if they were there first , then it 's their native land . 
  i really do n't understand what exactly was your point . 
  you think it 's ok to oppress a whole ethnic group because of the actions of some ? 
  why ? 
  they 're not germans or french or dutch or scottish ... 
  they 're afrikaner . 
  because you say so ? 
  that 's irrelevant imo , not going to answer that . 
  how the hell do chinese people suddenly just appear in your country , when you declare independence ? 
   so they should form their own nation ? 
  there 's already china . 
  this was also tried in germany during ww2 , back then the wealthier ones just happened to be jews . 
  but no worries , their wealth was confiscated , amirite ? 
  if they have laws which favor one race over another , then how the hell is the us not racist ? 
  plenty of minority groups in the world struggle for their independence and many have succeeded . 
   so by your logic , america is also a racist state as well then ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affirmative_action_in_the_united_states yes . 
   reactionary and racist state ... authoritarian rules is n't south-africa already that ? 
  i mean take a look at this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broad-based_black_economic_empowerment, 
   you 're ancestors were colonisers and that you are currently living on the wealth and development that was sustained as a result of this colonisation . 
  i thought most of the areas of south-africa were uninhabited before europeans went there ? 
  do n't remember where i read that though . 
  supportive . 
  is it realistic though ? 
  that would mean admitting people working for the russian federation were involved . 
  call it what you want , from what i understand , russia agreed . 
  '' one of this federation 's constituent republics , the russian federation , was declared the ussr 's continuator state on the grounds that it contained 51 % of the population of the ussr and 77 % of its territory . 
  in consequence , russia agreed that it would acquire the ussr 's seat as a permanent member of the united nations security council . '', 
  no , because russia is the continuator/successor state of the ussr . 
   beautiful city with lots of do as someone who has lived in tallinn most of his life , i have no idea what a tourist would do in tallinn for a whole week . 
  well there should have been considering how ukrainians fought against the soviet union in ww2 , they obviously wanted their own country . 
  edit : also was n't kievan rus same as ukraine ? 
  probably because they are so inland . 
  maybe cities closer to the atlantic ocean would actually be cooler in the summer , even if they are a bit more to the south . 
  maybe ukraine should demand reparations for holodomor , chernobyl , soviet occupation , crimea annexation and supporting of east-ukrainian separatists . 
  sounds like a goldmine . 
   they should ... provide refuge to the legitimate ones . 
  if you do not house any refugees yourself , then stfu !, 
  a wrong one at that . 
  well then i 'm glad estonia is n't like that . 
   only in the case of hyperinflation , regular inflation also eats savings . 
   the pitiful few pennies you have are nothing great argument !, 
  but savings would be destroyed . 
  estonian border with russia is a lot easier to keep an eye on , than russian border with china . 
  that said , i guess a lot of russians would try to move to the eu in that scenario .
