   iscotland , after some posturing , will agree to pay its share of uk debt . 
  why ? 
  i suspect the bonds obligate the uk government or the bank of england . 
  why would scotland want to pay for them ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  yay !, 
  estonia can not into nordic !, 
  attempts to stir *, 
  ok , let 's hope it stops altogether . 
  ok , sorry if i made wrong assumptions . 
   some of us have jobs / a life ? 
  classical `` you 're a nerd for caring '' response . 
  you seem to have time to argue with me right now . 
   i dont constantly trawl reddit or the news looking for things to be upset about good for you . 
  i sometimes avoid this sub too , because the news here pisses me off . 
  but sometimes when i 'm bored at work , i still end up here . 
   especially in a country i dont even live in i ca n't shut it out like that . 
  it may be a different country , but it still pisses me off . 
   i dont know the background . 
  seriously ? 
  there has been plenty of news on this topic on this subreddit . 
  here 's an example : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2emocu/1400_children_abused_in_rotherham/, 
  you tell me to get to the point and then insist on playing dumb yourself . 
  here you go , first 2 results from google : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rochdale_sex_trafficking_gang http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/derby_sex_gang, 
  where ? 
   in britain . 
    there are citizens of all countries joining isis , it 's not just a british problem it 's a world problem  no there are n't . 
  even if there were , what kind of excuse is that ? 
  fact is , that british citizens are joining isis . 
  at least germany has started to arrest returning isis members . 
    beheading singular , i cant think of any moee than the lee rigby one ? 
   there was one like just two weeks ago . 
  you have n't noticed the news of how there are rape gangs in britain for over 10 years now and nothing seems to change ? 
  or how british citizens are joining isis and commiting violent acts of terrorism ? 
  or how there have been beheadings even in britain ? 
  and meanwhile , the brits are threatening to leave the eu . 
  i mean , it 's not like scotland can do worse . 
  because the current uk status quo seems to be incompetent . 
  i really really hope scotland leaves the uk . 
   it is an ` out ' to where ? 
  maybe she was n't brainwashed . 
  maybe she just liked jihad . 
   quite hated among most middle-class estonians due to some of their policies and views . 
  you forgot that they are also very corrupt . 
  they constantly shift public money away to their friends , they force businessmen to make donations to their party etc. 
  the russian community unfortunately does n't care . 
  they seem to think it 's normal for politicians to just be corrupt or something . 
   i did n't vote for the sd why not ? 
   ( but coming from the daily mail it 's risky ) is it ? 
  i know the daily mail is often sensationalist , but is their raw data itself unreliable ? 
  not the one on the right imo . 
  that looks like a bad guy minion from a video game or something or a bdsm enthusiast . 
  this . 
  how do they not see the resemblance to fetish gear ? 
   ah , the tax evasion ... this a proof that it is important to create an european tax for businesses and big fortunes . 
  it would chase the money to tax havens outside of the eu and achieve nothing . 
  depends on what you decentralize . 
  but in the context of full decentralization , you might be right . 
  i would say those are fake nationalists , not ` extreme ' nationalists . 
  real nationalists would not ignore the fact that there are 1.5-2 million muslims in moscow , for example . 
  also , `` putin is the right man '' seems more like iseseisvuspartei , who keep getting like 1 % of the vote . 
  i do n't remember much about ekre policies though . 
  i did read their program before the eu elections and did n't like it , so i 've dismissed them as not for me . 
  luckily , ethnic estonians , who support imperialist russia are extremely rare , at least in my experience . 
  i can think of only a couple of people , who match that description . 
  you do not impress nationalists with excessive tolerance . 
  i 'm saying this as a nationalist myself . 
  if i went to someone else 's homeland and started demanding they speak my language , then i 'd expect them to tell me to get lost . 
  now you might think that the russians were brought to your land against their will by the ussr , so it 's not their fault . 
  but it 's also not latvians ' fault . 
  there 's no reason why your people should learn russian and cater to them because of the ussr 's mistakes . 
  they tried that in 2007 and failed miserably . 
  they did n't have enough support from the local russians . 
   i know we can count on you in the impending race war . 
  race war ? 
  i thought the average far-righter expects swedes to just bend over and pretend they like it that way . 
  that 's russia trying to downplay the importance of the eu . 
  german manufactured goods are expected to be of high quality and are preferred in many countries . 
  most of europe buys their stuff . 
  not sure if that 's the one you mean , but there was one about europe . 
  this one is specifically about the eu though . 
  estonian is my native language . 
  english from school , tv and video games . 
  german from school and video games . 
  ( i mix up die/der/das though ) and some spanish from a university course . 
  there are already thermobaric weapons more powerful than smaller nukes . 
  i think we should invest time and resources into those instead . 
  the estonian word `` kohver '' is ancient like the english word `` coffer '' . 
  i 'd take the meat and potatos of the north over the pastas and salads in the south any day, 
   the estonan-russian border there has n't really been settled on officially if i remember correctly . 
  it has , it was settled officially earlier this year between estonia and russia . 
  so this ca n't be caused by some misinterpretation of where the border is . 
  yes , every peasant can shoot an arrow in the eye . 
  sorry , i forgot that . 
  i do n't even know why they bothered with swords and stuff back then , they could have all just shot arrows in the eye . 
   estonia does not have a professional army lolwut ? 
  you think the guys who went to afghanistan , iraq or car were conscripts or something ? 
  they do . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  same criteria as with everything else - those who pay for them get them .
