  14 % honestly does n't sound that much . 
  maybe the us or saudi-arabia or something could at least temporarily help us out with increased lng and oil production ? 
  maybe germany could turn some of it 's nuke power back online for a while ? 
  i think it would be bad for the economy and piss a lot of people off , but i do n't think it would be catastrophic . 
  i 'm no expert , just speculating . 
   what minerals are in lithuania ? 
  raw lithuanium of course . 
  predator was also cool . 
  why `` ouch '' ? 
  i see nothing wrong with exporting food . 
  me thinks if blackwater was involved , then this would be solved by now . 
  blackwater has some of the best trained and most experienced mercenaries in the world . 
  i remember reading on this subreddit a while back , that many eurozone members are in deflation . 
  do these numbers take into account deflation ? 
  if not , then that could explain it . 
  i could ask , if you 're also shitty if you could save someone by selling your pc and donating the money , but do n't do so . 
  but then this conversation would be just going in circles . 
  anyway , my belief is that , if you force ( pressure ) people into saving others just because they have the means to do so , then the only thing you achieve is that people will start pretending they do n't have the means to save others . 
  so if saving migrants diminishes your quality of life , then you do n't have to do it ? 
   i do n't have sell my pc and donate everything i have to saving people , but if i see someone drowning and crying out for help - i 'd be a shitty human being if i did n't help them . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  in both cases you have the means to save lives . 
   you say that as if i do n't donate money to charity ... 
  if you have a pc and spend money on an internet connection , then you have the means to donate more . 
  if you do n't donate more , then you 're not respecting someone 's human right to life . 
  if you sell your pc and donate the money you get , then you choose to save someones life . 
  if you keep your pc , then you choose to let someone die . 
  seems to me like you 're choosing the latter . 
  how about you lead the way ? 
  every day , thousands of children starve to death in the 3rd world , you could respect their right to life by donating all your money to a charity !, 
  you should find a well paying job and donate all your money to them . 
  you have the means to help them !, 
  instead of arguing on the internet , you could sell your pc and donate the money to them !, 
  so what are you waiting for !? 
  why do n't you respect their human right to life !? 
  are you just a hypocrite who wants everyone else to make sacrifices ? 
  sell you pc , get a well-paying job and donate the money you earn to a charity , which feeds kids in the 3rd world !, 
  you have the means to do so and if you do n't , then you do n't respect their human rights !, 
   that is not a matter of choice , then why should i respect such bull ? 
   that does not mean that you have do it . 
  i agree with you there . 
  you do realize , that when forcing others is normal , then that 's when the strong dominate !? 
  because , you know , they have the power to force others . 
   i 'm neither . 
  so you 're really just looking out for yourself and do n't really care about helping others ? 
   so i 'm guessing you would be okay if we cut all foreign investment into estonia and refuse to invest nato resources into protecting it ? 
  since we are under no obligation to help you . . nato has a contract with estonia , which obligates it . 
  you see , in civilized societies , people cooperate and sign contracts , they do n't force others . 
   seriously , the eu was founded in the principle of helping people . 
  the eu started as an economic partnership . 
   and you do live in a society which has signed it . 
  i never gave anyone authority to sign contracts in my name . 
   if you do n't like it you should who are you to tell me what i should do !, 
  beware of spontaneous self-defense forces . 
  :p ( i believe the crimea takeover was because russian oligarchs did n't want ukrainian gas & oil to compete with theirs . ), 
  right to move to europe ? 
  no , i do n't consider that every human has that right . 
  wait , what !? 
  so you actually think forcing people to help others is ok ? 
  i think forcing people to help others is no different from slavery . 
  ( and before you say something about doctors or whatever - they get paid and have a choice . ), 
  i never signed the universal declaration of bla-bla . 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't owe those people anything . 
  you foreigners do n't understand that 's how we vote . 
  in order to take part in the elections , every estonian must first prove their worth by hacking into the election system . 
  nice job ignoring my question . 
  if in one situation you ca n't stop someone because they 're in need and non-threatening , then how can you dismiss someone in need and non-threatening in another situation ? 
  anyway , what should the police do then if they do n't listen to kind words ? 
  just go away ? 
  what if someone non-threatening decided to live in your bedroom and they wo n't leave when asked kindly ? 
  i think you underestimate the amount of people , who need help . 
  also , imo , it would make us neutral , not bad . 
  i 'm at work right now , so i ca n't force everyone to watch it yet . 
  ca n't we be the `` neutral '' guys in this ? 
  i mean it 's not like the situation in their home country gets any better , if we keep accepting immigrants . 
   and then we lose our soul . 
  if by `` our soul '' you mean our holier-than-you attitude . 
  is europe forced to cater to every human on the planet ? 
  oh , it was nothing , i 'm sure you would have done the same if your brain was as big as mine . 
   governments around the world have shown they have no problem whatsoever to knowingly engage in all kinds of immoral behavior . 
  this is why governments should n't be trusted with more power than necessary . 
  well give it back then , asshole !, 
  most estonians are blondes as kids , but the hair turns darker in adulthood . 
  plenty of fake blondes though . 
  are you going to call them or should i ? 
  personally , i 'd choose the one on the right . 
   how do we stop the immigrants from coming ? 
  tell some 3rd world countries to stop having 10 kids , when they can barely feed 2 ? 
  i 've said it before on this forum , but i 'll say it again : democratic elections must always be : a ) anonymous b ) observable by independent parties e-voting is neither of those and i myself have only voted the old fashioned way . 
  however , e-voting is very widely used here and anyone who criticizes it is labeled as paranoid . 
   the gov can make holding usd illegal or a special fee and that 's why people are withdrawing the money in cash . 
  you do n't need legal tender for savings . 
  poll was done during the winter , when stuff 's cold and dark . 
  :p they should ask again in summer . 
  freedom  wealth, 
  let 's hope the bbc is right then , although 0 ukrainian deaths would be even better of course . 
  same , i do n't like it when a comedian only jokes about stereotypes . 
   but this is not what i had in mind but more like the poetic idealization of the countryside that voters so like to hear from politicians . 
  i understand , but i 'm afraid the poetic idealization is dying out , because it ca n't compete with the agricultural industry . 
  over here , the countryside people are often the `` white trash '' , who drive some old bmw-s , drink all day , always wear sweatpants and pick a fight with everyone .
