  what is the answer in your opinion ? 
   politicians twisting words and relying on semantics , oh my should they rely on force instead ? 
  remember when native americans lost their lands , got diseases and war when massive immigration to america started ? 
   my life goal is to escape to one of the nordic countries you should stay where you belong . 
  if your people have messed up one country to the point of wanting to escape from it , then why should you be allowed to mess up another ? 
  just label them `` irrational '' and move on . 
  decentralized . 
  i do n't want the eu sticking their nose into people 's everyday lives . 
  they should stick to political , economic and military issues on a bigger scale . 
   people feel disappointed in their expectations on the economy and their life is n't the main attraction of those parties anti-immigration ? 
   i remember the beauty of the german 1933 elections wow , how old are you ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  til candy business makes you an evil corrupt piece of shit . 
  do you have any real arguments besides that he has money ? 
  also , one of the oligarch governors in eastern-ukraine has already shown his worth by rallying his workers to kick out the separatists . 
  not bad , imo . 
  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  i recognised the communist flag and thought it was just another radical left demonstration . 
  why are kurds waving hammer and sickle flags ? 
  especially in germany . 
  they 're on the streets protesting , because there 's not enough of them to win any elections . 
  it is kinda lame tbh . 
  the whole minimalistic feel reminds me of the ussr and china . 
  i agree , the russian oligarchs now control the oil and gas on and around crimea , so they got what they wanted . 
  the rebels will get more desperate as they realize this . 
  yes , but through media . 
  sure they can , but this time it was the muslims . 
  yup , christians and atheists in denmark throw stones and attack people because of dogs all the time . 
  i never knew this , but i guess it makes sense . 
  can you suggest an article or a documentary on this ? 
  i know plenty of historical examples . 
  do you think the chinese cared whether the steppe hordes were invading because of genetic or cultural reasons , when they built the great wall ? 
  do you think the romans cared why barbarian hordes were invading when they did ? 
  do you think the english cared about whether the vikings ' motives were cultural or they were genetically predisposed to raiding ? 
  imo , no - they did n't start a debate about what the invaders were feeling or whatever , they tried to stop them ** regardless ** . 
   the other one is a subjective opinion that suggests that whatever is wrong with said culture is possible for an individual to overcome . 
  if someone 's acting like an asshole , then it 's their problem to overcome it . 
  your interest is to make sure they wo n't do it again , regardless of what their motives were . 
  what difference does it make if someone says they suck because of genetics or because of culture ? 
  why would you have a problem with one , but accept the other ? 
  oh please !, 
  if i said gypsies suck because of their culture , then you 'd have no problem with it ? 
  admit it , you think it 's ok to hate finland because they 're white !, 
  says the guy who in one of the same links he posted above , accused all of finland of being alcoholics , homophobes and whatever . 
  nice double-standards , troll !, 
  you 're rationalizing taking away other people 's right to free speech !, 
  stop your irrational hate-speech !, 
  no way !, 
  tell me more !, 
  no , i copy-pasted that . 
  oh please !, 
  allow me to quote you : `` racist hatespeech ... blablabla ... irrational hatred ... blabla ... neo-nazi ... blablabla ... '' you 're a troll , lay off the `` sit down and discuss '' act . 
  http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bp6k59dmhbi/unqmzkaljji/aaaaaaaazua/3zdsmcxw4d0/s400/grumpy-cat-8141_preview_zps9177ab07.png edit : you 're a shitty troll , op !, 
  try harder !, 
   `` good night left side '' and `` organize against antifa . 
  know your enemy . 
  name your enemy , '' they read . 
   a further sticker stick said `` no sex with ticks , '' a derogatory term used by the far-right to refer to left-wing opponents . 
  these are n't even neo-nazi stickers , they 're anti radical left . 
  the cop was probably tired of fighting with leftists in rallies . 
  yeah , thanks for taking them !, 
  a ) private sector has value - it provides jobs and helps people earn money and thus pay bills . 
  if a private company inflates the price too much , then it leaves room in the market for competitors , who drive the price down . 
  if a government charges too much taxes with the excuse of providing services , then you have to move your whole life to a different place or wait years until the next election . 
  d ) already answered this in previous point . 
  e ) you 've never seen smelly drunks using the bus to sleep ? 
  and socialism does create poverty - it chases away the most competent and intelligent and replaces them with bureaucrats , who only pretend to care about stuff before the elections . 
  a ) it kills private sector competitors - why should anyone pay for bus service , when the city provides it for `` free '' . 
  b ) related to point a - it creates a monopoly . 
  c ) it forces those to pay for it , who do n't use it . 
  it 's a typical 3-wolves-and-1-lamp-voting-what 's - for-dinner scenario . 
  d ) it 's more expensive . 
  paying directly for bus service is cheaper than paying for bus service + bureaucracy . 
  e ) generally , if people have to pay for services directly ( but also pay less taxes ) , then they use those services more rationally and waste less . 
  edit : f ) it opens the door for corruption . 
  the government can then out-source contracts or place orders to companies owned by their relatives or friends . 
  also , about that `` poorest people '' argument - socialism creates poverty , especially government-controlled monopolies . 
  would you rather live in liberal south-korea or centrally controlled north-korea ? 
  source ? 
   yes they can . 
  that 's what governments are for . 
  sure , physically they can , but ethically they do n't have the right imo . 
   they did , back in the time when most people agreed with that notion for one reason or another ( aka , it was legitimate ) . 
  if * most people * agreed with it , then those same * most people * should have paid for it . 
  we have a tax on fuel for that . 
  1 ) just because they think everyone benefits ( even if they 're right ) , that does n't mean they can make everyone pay for it . 
  what if a christian thought everyone benefited from having a church built ? 
  can he demand everyone to pay for it ? 
  2 ) yes , it is a smart move by tallinn , but a lot of people only work in tallinn , but live in other municipalities . 
  and currently there 's a bit of a wealth cap between tallinn and most of estonia . 
  a lot of people were afraid that `` free '' public transportation would attract the kind of people you 'd normally want to avoid . 
  like homeless people and junkies . 
  i do n't know if it happened like that - i do n't live in tallinn , but this could be one of the reasons people avoid public transportation , even though it 's `` free '' . 
  a lot of estonian doctors and nurses emigrate to finland , but at least they take all the asshole construction workers with them . 
   before , the city was putting a lot subsidies into the transport system , which was coming from their revenue . 
  imo , the bus fare should have been paid by those , who use it , in the first place . 
  not taxpayers . 
  the estonian government has been against this , because it 's taking away income tax from other municipalities . 
  they even pulled the discrimination card . 
  1 ) the author of that article does n't seem to understand that the government does n't give anything for free - they charge taxes for it .
