  bit off-topic here though, 
  the guy who sends a woman to the battlefield is the asshole , not the guy who shoots her . 
  they 're owned by a british guy ( murdoch ) and a saudi guy ( bin talal ) ? 
  and the war did n't really solve anything afaik , russia is paying chechnya a lot of money to stay calm , a lot more than they pay other members of the federation . 
  i could be mistaken though , i 'm far from an expert on this subject . 
  how can that happen ? 
  cultures do n't get destroyed by being weaker , they get destroyed by being abandoned . 
  if by `` came down like a hammer '' you mean paid them off with massive amounts of money , then yes . 
  i guess it would makes sense in countries , where government has oil money . 
  these guys are getting desperate . 
  the ussr fell thanks to economic problems . 
   i am a czech at heart , my closest soul mates are austria and slovenia . 
  was exactly the same for me . 
  it told me i belong in the czech republic . 
  oh well , at least prague is a nice city , i 'll go pack my stuff now . 
  the few ethnic russians who lived here before the ussr occupation have long become citizens and switched to the estonian language and become estonians . 
  the current russian speaking minority was moved here by the ussr ( which was a violation of the geneva convention ) . 
  also , native estonians and our russian minority get a long better than ever . 
  russia tried to get the local russians riled up in 2008 , but less than 1 % of the russians here were interested , so it completely failed . 
  no , i would n't kill myself , but i 'm not willing to sacrifice my culture and my history for a feeling of security . 
  then what 's the point of survival , when things become lame ? 
  i 'm worried for swedes . 
  maybe i 'm naive , but i believe you can be unified in foreign policy , but divided in internal policy . 
  i imagine it like ancient greece , where each city-state ruled themselves , but when threatened by the persian empire , they united and kicked persia 's ass . 
  i know we do , i hope it does n't get worse though . 
  i 'm just afraid of the culture and language of each individual country being sacrificed to create some boring `` euro '' culture . 
  i also do n't want excessive bureaucracy about how the average person lives their everyday life . 
  these are some of my main concerns about the eu . 
  i agree on the part about a unified foreign policy . 
  but do n't see why we would need to cede sovereignty . 
  i think europe should be united when dealing with the rest of the world , else we eventually wo n't be able to compete with the countries that have like 1 billion people . 
  but i do n't see why we would need to let the eu stick their noses into the internal policies of each european country . 
  jk , but at least the cats also kill vermin like mice , rats , those really loud birds at 6 am . 
  so ... you advertising some fundraiser or something ? 
  i wish europe could be just europe and not have to choose between us and russia . 
  what does your video have to do with the topic or r/europe even ? 
  do n't bother arguing with the aussie , in anglo societies , men secretly want to be stay-at-home moms . 
  the rest of your post , i agree with . 
  so sorry , if my previous post seemed kinda aggressive . 
  fuck your `` duty '' , men throughout history have protected their ( ! ), 
  women , because good women are hard to find . 
  you do n't stick your neck out for some random skank . 
  what if someone believes in a form of paganism , which involves human sacrifice ? 
  should we just respect their religion too ? 
  `` everyone deserves to be treated equally '' you honestly believe everyone should be treated equally or are you just repeating slogans now ? 
  even rapists , thieves , whatever - everyone should be treated equally ? 
  i just like to simplify it to central-europe = holy roman empire territories . 
  beheading , killing , rioting , whatever . 
  my point still stands . 
  if those 0,01 % ( like you said ) of muslims are willing to kill , then why should their opinion be treated equally to those , who are willing to do nothing ? 
  i agree that the baltics should be the baltics . 
  ethnically and language wise , latvia and lithuania are their own group ( balts ) and estonia is finno-ugric . 
  finland is very finno-ugric of course and russia also has some finno-ugric peoples , so there 's a connection to both north and east here . 
  you 've never been to estonia have you ? 
  what makes the baltics eastern-european in your opinion ? 
  this, 
  looks like they wanted to try real hard to ignore central-europe . 
  why treat those , who are willing to behead , equally with those , who will just roll over ? 
  hmm ... 
  i thought it was part of a deal - the saxons originally served as mercenaries for rome and in return got land . 
  only disease ? 
  ... i speak a language that is made up of roman , celtic , norse bla-bla-bla ... '' that proves nothing . 
  fact is , throughout history , immigration lead to conflict . 
  the native americans originally got along fine with european colonists too and look how that ended up for them . 
  hmm ... history channel told me the saxons were given land first in england and then they just started wanting more . 
  you know what happened to the celts , when saxons moved into england ? 
  sebastien , nicolas , alexandre , kevin ... those are some international names with a french accent there . 
  where 's francois , gerard , jean and all the other known real french names ? 
  i think it was an experimental thing in a select few schools . 
  if it goes well , then they might expand the project to all schools . 
  not if they have a choice and are paid for their work . 
  forcing people to help others is no different from slavery . 
  the bulgarians did n't start the war in syria , do n't blame them !, 
  look on the bright side - maybe it 'll motivate the average indian dude to do something about the rapes . 
  here = estonia, 
  over here they 're always full of obnoxious teenagers and tourists . 
  not for me . 
  anyone who disagrees with kin-luu is insane !, 
  you 're a shitty troll too obvious try harder, 
  go ahead and pay them !, 
  it 's only a matter of time until the bureaucrats figure out subsidizing the military could help with all those issues . 
  it would still make sense to ( secretly ) supply ukrainians with weapons and provide training for at least partisan warfare . 
  a long and costly invasion could end up really damaging russia . 
  and reducing europe 's imports of russian gas would also help a lot . 
  if the mujahideen could kick out russia from afghanistan , then ukraine could do the same , if the war proved to be way too costly . 
  i 'm no expert though . 
  i 'm not scared . 
  the russian general staff does n't make any important decisions , i believe . 
  it 's the oligarchs , who really call the shots and i honestly believe they do n't care about some soviet nostalgia or glorious empire building . 
  no offense meant and that was my personal opinion based mostly on tourists . 
  would be really awkward if scotland got independence and joined the eu , while the uk left . 
  here , in estonia , people used to have a really high opinion of scandinavians . 
  but after hearing a lot about muslim rapes and riots there , that opinion has dropped a lot . 
  also , a lot of people here blame swedish banks for some of the economic problems we have . 
  personally , i like the finns and swedes , they seem friendly and have been kind to estonians in the past . 
  danes and norwegians seem a bit smug , but my experiences with them have been very limited . 
  norwegians are great skiers though and i really liked visiting the legoland in denmark , when i was a kid . 
  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-immigrants-pay/16332 '' ... now the researchers have looked at immigration from europe and beyond between 1995 and 2012 . 
  taken as a whole , immigrants are less likely to claim benefits or tax credits , and about as likely to live in social housing . 
  but breaking down immigrants into those from the european economic area ( eea ) and those from outside , and big differences emerge .
