  but considering how that happened after things had already gotten out of hand - what 's your point ? 
   that said , i am not against home schooling , but it can only work when with setting minimum requirements on what a child needs to learn and monitoring that the child also learn what needs to be learned . 
  ok , that sounds reasonable . 
   and they all have degree levels what a child needs to learn . 
  while there are properly people who can actually teach all of these to their child , i seriously doubt your average-joes ability to teach all of these subject properly to their child . 
  as i understand , in the us those who homeschool usually know what they 're doing and homeschooled kids actually perform better on tests . 
  do n't know the stats for europe . 
  personally , i believe it would n't be that difficult , if you have a proper education yourself and the right books and stuff . 
  that said , i would n't home school my kids . 
  just because you 're afraid they would n't be able to support society , that does n't make it right for you to order everyone 's kids around . 
  edit : also you know damn well that there are plenty of teachers , schools and countries , which do n't give a ** proper ** education . 
  if they are anyone 's property , then it 's their parents . 
  edit : to clarify , i do n't think children are their parents ' absolute property , but if anyone has the right to make decisions on behalf of a child , then it 's the child 's parents . 
  children are not public property . 
   obviously some certain governments do not care about the education of their people . 
  that speaks against public schools , not home schooling . 
  society also does n't have that ( moral ) right . 
   there is almost no way to give your child proper education . 
  even if true , it does n't matter . 
  you have no right to tell other people how to educate their children . 
  ca n't france just keep them as a sanction ? 
  good call , imo . 
  from the videos it looked like albanian players attacked first , when they attacked the serbian player , who was removing the drone . 
  also good call to have the next serbian games behind closed doors , because some of those fans did go full retard . 
  you do realize , that a lot less people are involved with cleaning now that dish washers , washing machines , vacuum cleaners etc. 
  exist ? 
  that 's not capitalism . 
  in capitalism the state would not interfere . 
  i 've heard of taxi drivers in estonia ripping off tourists in the past , but do n't know if it 's still happening . 
  i have n't heard of anyone being threatened though , scam taxi drivers do n't want to get the police involved . 
  maybe in the future ask tourist info or hotel staff beforehand , which local taxi companies are legit and how to recognize their taxis . 
  that makes sense , thanks for the explanation . 
  but oil and gas are n't sanctioned ? 
  a lot can change in 30 + years . 
  what the bloody fuck !? 
  i did n't delete that comment , but i just checked in incognito mode , where i 'm not logged in , and it seems like that comment is only visible to me . 
  ok , my bad , your accusation of me deleting my comment was not baseless . 
  but i did n't delete that myself . 
  also , in that comment i said `` so many black people '' , not `` all '' . 
  i would n't generalize all blacks , because i have no problem with the ones living in africa , for example . 
  wtf is that supposed to be ? 
  like i said , i have n't deleted any comments in this thread . 
  idiot , i never even said anything about all black people . 
  also , my last comment was to point out your own hypocrisy - how can you accuse me of making generalizations and then start generalizing a few comments later yourself !, 
  heh , i understand you just generalized . 
  you know , generalizations are what bigots do . 
  are you a bigot ? 
  you 're the one who ca n't form a logical explanation . 
  i know , let them bring their mightiest downvotes . 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
  dammit !, 
  every post i made was for your civility !!, 
  ok , i 'll bite - based on what ? 
  you start your post with `` fuck off '' and end it with `` i feel sorry for you '' . 
  -_- try harder !, 
  your manipulation attempts may fool the brits , but they 're too weak for me . 
  seriously , do i seem like the kind of person who cares about the `` pc police '' !, 
   demographic decline will be germany 's greatest challenge in the long run do you guys also think this is overhyped ? 
  fluctuating population numbers have been normal throughout history , it 's not like there was only growth for the last 3000 years and now suddenly there 's decline for the first time , no ? 
  it 's the pension system that 's new and * strange * . 
  also , germany still has quite a high population density for a country that size , it 's not like it 'll be a ghost town tomorrow . 
  chopping down trees with a knife has never looked so simple . 
  :p this knife is one of those things that would be really cool to own , but i do n't really need it . 
  what do you mean by `` we '' !? 
  do n't assume you are the same as estonian russians . 
  spaniards are moors pretending to be europeans . 
   the eu is not good for the average working class person in the uk but that 's how the working class people got to the uk from eastern-europe . 
  ^ see ^ what ^ i ^ did ^ there ? 
   and yes , that does change the moral severity of the crime . 
  no it does n't , the end result is the same - someone 's throat is slit . 
   activistic that ca n't be a word . 
  why are you blaming the article instead of the criminal !, 
  if you look at per capita , then ireland also beat us . 
  you do realize the soviet union tried to assassinate the leader of yugoslavia several times ? 
  the only reason serbia and russia get along is because they 're not neighbours . 
  and estonia , so much of our weapons , ammo and military equipment come from sweden . 
  they also do n't seem to distinguish between immigrants from the eu and from outside . 
  or what if there 's a meeting between kings of several countries and someone asks : `` who is the king , who ordered pizza '' ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  working class are people , who work . 
  people who do n't own a house or whatever , would be more like `` renting class '' . 
  the middle class is the working class . 
  the unemployed are the ones , who are impoverished , no ? 
  the maintenance costs of 5k nukes would be pretty astronomical , i bet . 
   our education is good at creating a good average , but it comes at the expense of eliminating extremes . 
  never heard of this and find it hard to believe . 
  nah , they just build dams and stuff and move the ocean out of the way . 
  :p seriously , though , they do have subs : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walrus-class_submarine, 
  why not `` market satanism '' ? 
  are almost all of these english or are many from scotland , northern ireland etc. 
  too ? 
  why is it a problem that there was no ukrainian state back then ? 
  ca n't they be proud of their ancestors achievements without a state ? 
  earlier this year , center party lost supporters to social democrats , because of the ukraine crisis . 
  now social democrats have lost supporters to the center party ?!, 
  stupid leftist voters running back and forth . 
  dashcam vids ? 
  vodka is from poland . 
  if we all sanction each-other , then soon we 'll all be rich !, 
   governments have a duty to protect their citizens not from themselves .
