we had [ illuminati ] ( http://www.kaitseomatervist.ee/img/s/estonia_50_krooni.jpg ) , so we win by default !, 
  cold air is so refreshing . 
  i 'm sorry our euro coins do n't excite you . 
  pfft , everyone else was trying too hard to make theirs cultured . 
  we went pure nationalist !, 
  not all of it ... :p, 
   pepsi , ikea , fedex and 340 other international companies some of those companies , like pepsi and fedex , would otherwise have no reason to pay taxes to a eu nation . 
  it would be interesting if someone could calculate if this is net positive or negative to the eu . 
  good for you , sometimes i think i should use cash more to give money to the store instead of the bank , but paying with card is just more convenient . 
  i 'd rather have global companies use eu countries as tax havens , than places like the bahamas or cayman islands . 
  some estonians also say our currency used to look better and more cultured than the euro toymoney , but tbh almost everyone pays with a debit or credit card anyway . 
  estonia is not exactly perfect either . 
  our tax payer money is wasted on corruption too . 
  things like funding political parties , funding the church , renting luxury cars for politicians , creating high paying public sector jobs for politicians ' friends , giving public contracts to private companies owned by politicians ' friends ( center party ) and so on . 
  but whenever someone mentions lowering taxes , they all start talking about roads , education and healthcare . 
  estonia can into 4th dimension !, 
   what was the old religion of the estonians called ? 
  `` taarausk '' mostly . 
   is there a revival of it ? 
  if so how are neopagans viewed ? 
  yes , but the neo-pagans are mostly viewed as silly crazies . 
  some local christians hate them with a passion though . 
  there are very few serious neo-pagans and fanatical christians though , so their arguments are seen more as entertainment than a serious issue . 
  :p  is it true that religious people are mocked in estonia ? 
  yes . 
  they seem crazy to us and christian crusaders were the ones who brought us many centuries of slavery and oppressed our native culture , so the church is sort of a historic enemy to estonians . 
  the old ones mostly did . 
  but there were those who also believed in a spiritual energy , similar to the concept of ` chi ' or ` qi ' made popular by eastern martial arts . 
  my own ancestors included . 
  modern ones - there are actually many who do n't , but they are more interested in paganism as a culture , not a religion . 
  i guess varg vikerns would be a famous example of this , but he was also very radical . 
  nah , embrace the chaos !, 
  very interesting map , thanks !, 
  would be cool to see one for the whole world . 
  but it shows for denmark : life force + atheists  god . 
  map shows you guys believe in a spirit/life force , like us . 
  :p pagan masterraces !, 
  i was n't even born back then , so i do n't know what their reaction was at the time , but nowadays those same relatives are doing well and ( like most people ) are just glad that period is over . 
  time to bring back the massive rat infestations !, 
  makes sense considering how forests have become rare in some regions . 
   waiting for years for a car , wait no , for a permit to buy a car . 
  when relatives of mine finally got their first car , it was immediately stolen the night after it was purchased . 
  :( they suspect someone , who was involved with the permit process , tipped off the thieves . 
   technocratic austerity what 's that ? 
  why not ? 
  you forgot jamaica , south africa and others , no ? 
  can we keep it ? 
  now you 're just throwing irrelevant comparisons . 
  then explain why we sugar addicts do n't have an urge to eat pure sugar !, 
  that used to be the pc term , afaik . 
  yup , you got me - i 'm a total sugar zombie now . 
  their corporate scheme backfired though . 
  i now skip energy drinks all together and binge on kilos of pure sugar everyday . 
  every morning i wake up early , get out my bucket of sugar , my biggest spoon and just eat and eat until i vomit . 
  then i repeat that after a few hours and so on . 
  when i run out of sugar , then i take a bottle of syrup with me to store so i could drink that on the way . 
  do you know how many food products contain sugar or turn into sugar when digested ? 
  do you eat rice for example ? 
  because if you do , then you 're a hypocrite , because the carbohydrates in rice break down into sugar when digested . 
  i thought you guys preferred opium ? 
  personally , i do n't do drugs , so i would n't even know what bargain prices for those would be . 
   they 're adults . 
  it 's their own problem . 
  i agree with you . 
  my reply was more in the context of if-bad-for-your-health -  banned . 
  damn , that is a pretty good price . 
  i find it hard to believe someone overuses them that much . 
  it would be too expensive to drink liters of energy drinks every day . 
  also , there are idiots who overuse all sorts of stuff . 
  coffee should be the first thing to get banned by those standards . 
  do you know how many adults drink several cups of high-caffeine coffee every day ? 
  that 's a far worse health hazard imo . 
  ok , but that 's kind of what i meant . 
  i can deal with the taxes . 
  what pisses me off is when they try to protect me from myself . 
  if by ` hard ' you mean ` infuriating ' . 
  :p i do see a lot of statist douches trying to tell everyone that we ~ ~ peasants ~ ~ citizens are too stupid to live without regulations and restrictions on everything . 
   he argued that high levels of taurine and caffeine found in some energy drinks could lead to hyperactivity and addiction , adding that some scientists suggest they could also be a gateway to drugs . 
  taurine is also naturally in breast milk , because it 's actually super healthy , and it 's also in meat and fish . 
  caffeine is also in coffee , tea and coca-cola . 
  good luck banning all of those ` gateway drugs ' !, 
  some care about their homeland and people more than wealth and luxury . 
   we call black people , black . 
  ok , so what 's the politically correct word of the month now ? 
   people from outside europe are trying to be sooo politcally correct lol , horseshit , plenty of nationalism and competition outside of europe . 
  ask koreans what they think of the japanese !, 
  ( i realize this is a troll thread . ), 
  i ca n't agree with you . 
  it seems so wrong to preemptively turn against the people who volunteered to save your country . 
   the existence of the organization is wrong . 
  not the existence of individual members ok , this explanations make your previous posts sound a lot more sane . 
  :p  azov battalion is not direct under government control as i understand , this has proven to be a good thing , since the government forces have a lot of corruption and even some pro-russian elements . 
  i remember reading in r/ukrainianconflict that the aidar volunteer battalion and some other battalions were actually holding back information from some government officers , because they were n't trustworthy . 
  do n't worry , i dislike all forms of statist and socialist ideologies , including nationalsocialism . 
   it 's not like talibans are going to fly a plane in the building after afghan war in the eighties . 
  getting off-topic , but there was a power change in the taliban before 9/11 happened . 
  the taliban of 2001 was not really the same as the taliban of 1980-s . 
  nice one-liner with 0 explanations , arguments , links or anything . 
   i want to eliminate the ideology , not people . 
  then why did you say their existence is wrong ?
