  you know the stereotype , i think they are called `` chavs '' in britain . 
  some really good ideas there . 
  i especially support the idea of giving tax cuts to families with kids . 
  i agree it was n't exactly a classy video , but do they really think they can remove something from the internet ? 
  common people did n't travel back then , so you could just make anything up and the audience would believe it . 
   i 've always heard that they were from the urals . 
  geographically , the western side of the urals is still europe . 
  that said , northern-europe from the baltic sea to the urals was and is full of finno-ugric peoples . 
  we were n't a single tribe , who live in the urals once and then moved west . 
  if you want to put it behind you , how about you stop with the it-wasn ` t-so-bad attitude ? 
  to many easter-europeans the ussr represented war , deportations , massacres , mass rapes , gulags , communist brainwashing , holodomor , chernobyl , loss of freedom , scorched earth tactics , forced conscription and other crimes . 
  and many russians are still nostalgic about it and love their hammer-and-sickle flags . 
  meanwhile , russia keeps acting imperialist and keeps having military exercises for invading our countries . 
  i agree . 
  democratic elections must always be : a ) anonymous b ) observable by independent parties e-voting is neither of those and i myself have only voted the old fashioned way . 
  however , e-voting is very widely used here and anyone who criticizes it is labeled as paranoid . 
  you do n't think that austrian dude was a massive troll ? 
  his name is in spanish and german slang `` pussy dick '' and people seriously think he 's about transsexual rights ? 
  had that song been presented by a female opera singer or something , then it would have gotten a mediocre result . 
  such songs have n't been successful in eurovision for a long time . 
   ` irish food is shit . ', 
  do n't let them annoy you !, 
  those hipsters with their pastas and fancy sounding sandwiches are hating all the traditional northern and central european cooking . 
  meat and potatoes are real food , not salad on a piece of bread covered with oil . 
  when foreigners think we 're russians or slavs , because we were in the ussr . 
  no offense to the slavs , i have respect for many slavic countries , but calling us slavs is simply not true and we estonians are proud to be finno-ugrics and one of the oldest inhabitants of europe . 
  if serbia joins first , can it veto kosovo 's addition ? 
  definitely a bad idea . 
  those are just really bad taste . 
  hahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahha i stand by my opinion - you 're just another communist dog . 
  enjoy it , communist dog !, 
  indeed , fuck you . 
  sounds to me like you just want to turn control over to the state . 
   in the bar , no . 
  not a home . 
  then who can choose ? 
   we are one society . 
  so you 're saying a commercial establishment should n't have the right to choose , who they conduct business with ? 
  what if your bar is also your home ? 
  like you live in a back room or something ? 
  can you then choose who you let into your home or not ? 
  i agree with you 100 % . 
  agreed , his bar is his private property and he can choose who he let 's in . 
  ok , did n't know it went like that , thanks . 
  they also did n't achieve much . 
  aha , finally that expression makes sense . 
  although personally , i 'd switch it around to : `` you ca n't eat your cake and have it too . '', 
  could be , but i do n't think they saw the world as polarized between good vs. evil and they did n't see their gods as representatives of pure good or pure evil . 
  it was not the defining aspect of a character , but more like a personality trait and even then it varied ( zeus in good mood vs. zeus in bad mood ) . 
  zeus imo is a good example of how in pagan religions , gods did n't represent good or evil . 
  sure some were more ethical and virtuous than others , but they were not meant to represent pure good or so . 
  zeus was considered the highest god , yet in mythology , he was also kinda rapist , often vengeful and power-hungry . 
  as i understand he also did n't come into power because he was good , but because he was simply stronger that the titans and cronus . 
  it seems that pagans did n't see their gods as a struggle between good vs. evil and did n't think of the world as good vs. evil . 
  otherwise they would have divided the gods into 2 camps . 
  but i 'm no expert in this . 
  everything is my opinion and how it seems to me , so i hope no one gets mad because i 've misunderstood their ancestors culture or something . 
   you ca n't have your cake and eat it that makes no sense . 
  edit : i think serbia should be left the option to stay neutral . 
  no side should force them to pick . 
  it seems to me that christians brought the good vs. evil , god vs. satan , heaven vs. hell thing to europe . 
  before that people believed in many gods , who had different traits and moods like humans . 
  true , but i do n't think the pagan religions , which existed in europe before , were into dualism . 
  having many gods does n't go that well with dualism , i think . 
  i think russia would be willing to go far to stop it . 
  they 'd still need the oil and gas domestically , no ? 
  any breakaway region would have serious energy crisis as they do n't have the infrastructure to bring in energy from anywhere else but russia . 
  unless if we 're talking about siberia or other places which have fuels themselves , but any separatism in siberia would be crushed . 
  i think this is a product of christian culture . 
  christians brought the idea of dividing the whole world between good and evil . 
  as long as their economy is based on the oil and gas from siberia , no other region wants to leave , i think . 
  i do n't know much about the syrian conflict , so let me bring a different analogy : in the beginning of ww2 , when estonia was still neutral , a polish submarine came to estonia for refuge . 
  the soviet union found out about it and demanded we arrest the crew and hand them over to the ussr . 
  we did n't want to screw the poles over , but we also did n't want the ussr to attack us , so we just told the polish sub to leave and they did . 
  that 's how a neutral country should react . 
  that 's not cool . 
  they should have just told the soldiers to leave , not directly hand them over to their enemy . 
  kicking someone out is one thing , handing them over to the enemy is another . 
  i did n't mean them coming all at once . 
  more like over many decades or so . 
  imo , as long as there are cultures where people have like 8 kids , when they can barely feed 3 , there will always be conflict and starvation . 
  so until those places get their acts together , you can expect a steady stream of refugees . 
  like i said - if you do n't like them . 
  i appreciate the kindness scandinavians are showing estonian immigrants , but i also recognize it 's their country and they can say no to immigrants , including estonian ones . 
  ca n't watch it - i 'm at work . 
  you said you 're from poland , so tell me , how many refugees should poland accept ? 
  until it 's population is 100 million ? 
  or 200 million ? 
  when is enough ? 
   do you even see what the estonians here in scandinavia do ? 
  kick them out if you do n't like them !, 
  and how many will be enough ? 
  when will the immigration stop ? 
  let 's take finland for example - finland 's current population is around 5,5 million . 
  how long should they accept all these refugees ? 
  until they have 20 million ? 
  50 million ? 
  100 million ? 
  how many do you want to fit there ? 
   well , if they lived in any well working country , let 's say x , the existence of x is a net good for them .
