  also , some things like fuel , alcohol etc. 
  have special taxes so you pay more than 20 % on buying those . 
   the vat only applies to things you buy so it does n't add up to 70 % buying stuff is the sole point of money , no ? 
  you earn money to buy stuff , so why should your money be taxed when you earn it and when you buy with it ? 
  same thing imo . 
  first 33 % is taken as social tax . 
  then 20 % as income tax . 
  then like 2 % `` unemployment insurance '' or something like that . 
  then 2 % mandatory 2nd pillar retirement . 
  i consider it a tax , because it 's mandatory . 
  and 20 % vat when i want to buy something . 
  so of the money i 'm supposed to receive as payment , ~ 70 % is taxed away by the time i 've used it to buy something . 
  good point . 
  nah , that was me and your mom downstairs, 
   as long as he loves camembert and baguette and leaves work at 5 pm on friday to grab a glass of red wine on a bistro terrace your hipster culture is self-destructive . 
  i agree , but i also blame christianity a lot for the current multiculture fad . 
  christianity -  humanism -  multiculturalism . 
   try to mix oil and vinegar together . 
  shake the bottle . 
  after a while , they get separated again . 
  people who use irrelevant metaphors to prove a point are full of shit . 
  pffft , that works both ways . 
  * estonian president declares that the united states of america is no longer under the protection of the estonian defense forces . 
  i was n't hinting at any certain team , just that stars , lots of stripes or other gimmicks do n't sound like a tasteful national flag . 
  they 're looking for a national flag , not a football team logo . 
   the crown really makes me uneasy try not to piss yourself !, 
  i really do n't understand why some downvote your comment . 
   got ta hand it to the european union . 
  they 've always got some new scheme to keep europe afloat . 
  this week it 's calculating the contribution that sex and drugs have on national gdps . 
  iirc , the annual eu membership fee for each eu member is 1,5 % of their gdp . 
  maybe the eu wants to artificially increase each nation 's gdp to increase the membership tax ? 
  for some reason , russian nationalists seem to be blind to the 1,5 million muslims in moscow . 
  they seem to think they 're immune to multiculturalism . 
  ok , fine , give them kalashnikovs and then deport them . 
  the locals would start bitching about `` neo-colonialism '' . 
  o rly ? 
  he 'd still rather do that than answer your question . 
  ok , did n't know that . 
  but think of the fellow finno-ugric people you could save . 
   revive the hanseatic league . 
  that would be off-the-charts cool . 
  positive . 
  i do n't see why scots should n't have their own country . 
  no , i totally believe in the germany-needed-lebensraum-for-500-bazillion-germans-so-they-planned-to-kill-all-their-allies theory . 
  which soviet official found that secret nazi masterplan ? 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost what propaganda bullshit . 
  props to sweden , ireland , switzerland , portugal and spain for managing to stay neutral . 
  i wish estonia could have done the same . 
   i 'm guessing you never heard about hitler 's plans to exterminate the slavic populations . 
  were n't croatians , slovaks and ukrainians officially considered allies by germany ? 
   how is random turkish guy on one end of germany responsible for action of some assholes on the other ? 
  by not challenging the assholes in his own community . 
  throughout history , immigrants have always kept themselves in check or else they would get collectively kicked out or worse by the host country . 
  does n't work like that anymore , so now you have `` bad apples '' who go around causing problems for everyone . 
   what 's your point ? 
  it annoys me , how so many are always expecting the host country and it 's people to stay civilized and turn the other cheek . 
  but whenever immigrants are acting bad , then those same people only talk some do n't - judge-them-all apologist crap . 
  if the immigrant community does n't give a shit about getting their `` bad apples '' sorted out , then why should anyone else ? 
  how about you go tell those turks to behave and then there would n't be this problem , no ? 
  yup , germany is for everyone !!, 
  yes , because people get lazier as they age . 
   i get robbed by nigerians twice , and yet i harbored no hatred whatsoever towards nigerians . 
  lol , what a bitch, 
  stop playing dumb , troll !, 
  you know people in r/europe have blamed gypsies for crime , not government mismanagement or nation 's problems or whatever . 
  afaik , st. petersburg never was good for harbours - the sea is too shallow there . 
  imo , just bring back the traditional 1-job-per-family culture and lower income/labor taxes . 
  russian definition of `` fascist '' is different . 
  is that illegal + legal + asylum seekers ? 
   a home is n't a school though because it does n't offer socialisation . 
  what if they have a bunch of brothers and sisters ? 
  plenty of socialisation then . 
  how do they know this ? 
  why not just take the kids away from their parents and put them all in boarding schools ? 
  that way they 'd be even more protected . 
   but that 's a given , it goes without saying . 
  then why is this the `` real question '' :  the real question is : why is immigration such a big issue anyway ? 
  let me know when that becomes a serious widespread issue . 
  edit : also , fringe beliefs are n't bad by default . 
   instead of using arguments to say whether the issue is hot air or not , you just made an appeal to popularity . 
  not really . 
  i meant every individual voter can decide for themself if an issue is serious or hot air . 
  i did n't mean that just because an issue is popular it ca n't be hot air . 
  i was n't arguing against you , my point was that people can do their own research and make up their own minds about if something is important or not . 
  at least that was the point of that specific post . 
  thriving in society and tolerating douches in school are also two completely different things . 
   you said `` your opinion is invalid because the issue has popularity '' . 
  no i did n't . 
  yup , and everyone should go to prison too to learn about how to deal with criminals . 
  like i said - learning social skills from school is like learning social skills from prison . 
  for the record , i 'd send my kids to school , not home-school them , even though i 've seen statistics , which show that home-schooled kids perform really well academically . 
  but i would n't send them to school for `` social skills '' . 
   i 'm allowed to do that , right ? 
  has anyone said otherwise ? 
  i do n't know which utopia schools you 're talking about , but in most cases learning social skills from school is like learning social skills from prison . 
  forcing a bunch of kids together without any regard for if they like each other or not results in bullying sooner or later . 
  i admit though , this is based on my personal experience and those of my friends and family - most people i 've discussed this with hated school specifically because of the social aspects . 
  well that 's one of the beauties of democracy - everyone can decide for themselves what 's a meaningful issue and what 's `` hot air '' . 
  well then i 'd argue school is also deprivation - you 're missing out on spending time with your family .
