  `` hey , if america is fucking with ukraine , then so can we !! '', 
  - like that ? 
  1 ) without the problems with russia , ukraine would n't need aid . 
  2 ) it 's not like ukraine is forcing the eu to pay , it was the eu 's decision . 
  if you have a problem with the eu handing out money , then take it up with the eu . 
  3 ) that money is not just handed out , it 's loaned . 
  at least most of it . 
  if latin faded , then so can english imo . 
  how is ukraine sponging german money ? 
  yes , i did , it was full of `` bla-bla-bla anti-west bla-bla anti-west '' . 
  but it gave no real explanation , why germans support russian takeover of ukraine , i get it that they do n't like america and stuff . 
  ok , then it makes more sense, 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  you 're ok with ukraine getting screwed , because america likes ukraine ? 
  i just do n't understand how american imperialism is supposed to make someone like russia taking over ukraine . 
  like if you have a problem with america , then take it up with america . 
  how is any of this ukraine 's fault ? 
  maybe op is looking for a different site from reddit . 
  is it also in line with the modus operandi of ukraine ? 
  what kind of imperialist bullshit is this `` sphere of interest '' i keep hearing about ? 
  who are you to judge us !? 
  ok , that really was shit, 
  in unrelated news , swedish taxi drivers are considering jobs in norway . 
   i just demonstrated that strength = authority and authority can lead up to bad things you know what else can lead up to bad things ? 
  cars !, 
  we should n't have those anymore then , right ? 
  tools can also be used for bad things . 
  words can be used to hurt peoples feelings , which is bad , so we should stop using words , right ? 
  trying to argue that strength is bad is far from rational . 
  also arguing that you care for all mankind and in the same post boast about how you do n't care about the world cup , because you personally do n't watch it , is contradicting . 
   my main problem is that most of the eu hate is based on imaginary bullshit that they believe because it fits their gut-feeling . 
  maybe the english just want to consider themselves as the empire , you know ? 
  they remember how few centuries ago london ruled like quarter of the world and now they do n't want to be a part of the brussels ruled empire . 
   seriously , i 've just about had it with the british whining about the terrible eu and how all the foreigners are coming to take their jobs . 
  well britain is the top destination for migrants , because of the english language . 
  but afaik , mass-immigration into britain started before they joined the eu , so why do they always blame the eu ? 
  do n't quit on the argument just yet , it 's still fun . 
  the nazis did a lot of bad things , but the comintern still killed more people than them . 
  so nationalists  internationalists . 
  imagine the eurovision , the football world cup or the olympics without any nationalism - no one knows from which country the competitors are etc. 
  it would be boring and lame and no one would care , because no one could root for their home team . 
  also , you make it sound as if strength is only used for oppression . 
  just to be sure i did n't leave the wrong impression , i do n't really care about what 's good for all mankind ( and i believe i have the right to not care ) . 
   i just see eu as a big step forward to get rid of this type of nationalism and work forwards for the benefit of all mankind in terms of wealth , equality and freedom . 
  nationalism is for the benefit of all mankind - competition creates strength . 
  and your examples of russia and the us are about imperialism , not nationalism . 
  they do n't take over countries for pride in their culture , they do it for resources . 
  also , you can have no flag in this subreddit , but you already know that . 
  it 's no wonder you prefer to use the eu flag here instead of the estonian flag . 
   if nato refuses for what ever reason to support us by sending troops , the least they will do is supply weapons . 
  not even mentioning the fact that nato refusing our call for help is extremely unlikely . 
  what if russia manages to stop nato from supplying us with weapons ? 
  ( by surrounding us with navy and ground forces . ), 
  thanks for the kind words . 
  this !, 
  it 's same in estonia - most russians want to get along and just live their lives , but then there 's the ghetto trash who just drink and troll everyone . 
  banning street protests ? 
  seriously ? 
  how very fascist of them . 
   the people who would like to fight back could probably fight back , as the army would probably take in recruits with open arms by that point no , they could n't , the estonian army does n't have a big enough supply of weapons to support a proper mobilization . 
  also , what do you mean by `` clueless '' and `` untrained '' ? 
  estonia has mandatory military service , so there are a lot of civilians with military training . 
  third , you saw how in crimea the russian forces seized or at least tried to seize the weapons stockpiles asap . 
  they would do the same here , they 'd attempt to seize or destroy our weapons first . 
  fourth , you saw how in crimea plenty of soldiers switched sides , so do n't talk about how it 's the civilians , who 'd be bought/bribed . 
  fifth , i do n't like how you do n't trust your own countrymen - have more faith . 
  people do n't need to be controlled by the government or nato , they can make the right decisions on their own . 
  lastly , it sounds like you just want to surrender and that 's all . 
  sorry bout turning this into a list , but i thought it would be more coherent this way . 
   if one side has guns other side would be screwed and nobody would die so if russia supplied some terrorists here with weapons and they started taking things over and demanding estonia joined with the russian federation , then you 'd be ok with estonians being screwed as long as nobody dies ? 
  you forget that the russian federation could simply supply guns . 
   they do not accept the fact that 10 + million russians have been living in eastern ukraine since before the nation existed and they fell betrayed by the current government for a number of reasons . 
  the election is in less than a month , then they get a say in the matters , what 's the problem ? 
  they must have changed it , because either that scythe is really small or the hammer is huge . 
  they do n't go together . 
  `` the finnish unemployment service does n't acknowledge my 6 years of work from when i lived in the united states . '', 
  that 's because while working in the us , you contributed nothing to finland . 
  why should they care about that ? 
   some smaller countries like ireland , cyprus , etc. , which traditionally have a weak economy , used tax dumping in order to build their economy , do n't forget switzerland and monaco - those places have really low taxes too . 
  this is why citizens need to be armed - you ca n't always trust the authorities . 
  this map is useless without showing how much these countries use gas . 
  for example , estonia uses oil shale for most of it 's energy production and very little gas . 
  that `` not even speaking the language '' part - is that an actual argument ? 
  britain is very popular for migrants specifically because everyone speaks english , i think . 
  so you 're saying times of israel is lying and ukrainian jews never made that appeal ? 
  if the ukraine government is fascist , then how come : http://www.timesofisrael.com/ukraine-jews-appeal-to-russia-to-stop-aggression/, 
  yes , estonia is 474 , 
   include an actual fascist party , let 's what does that link have to do with the topic ? 
  ok , my bad . 
  point is same though , i find it amusing how the channel is meant for patriotic americans , but it 's owners are from a foreign background . 
  i say estonia should only be governed from estonia . 
  ( you finns , latvians and lithuanians are cool though , i like you guys . ), 
  i think russia just wanted crimea for the fossil fuels there and does n't really care about donetsk and similar places . 
  people have already died in eastern-ukraine , if russia seriously planned to move in , then they would have done so already . 
  i think they just threatened the eastern part to stop ukraine from attempting to take back crimea . 
  when russia earlier today ( yesterday ? ), 
  said they 've stopped supporting the rebels in ukraine , then i actually believed them . 
  russia does n't need the rebels anymore . 
  i remember reading that albanians are heavily involved with bringing drugs into europe . 
  feel better ?
