  baltic is fine too . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's the most embarrassing thing , but what comes to mind is , when some of my countrymen claim we are scandinavians . 
  i could deal with `` nordic '' , since finns are often considered nordic , but `` scandinavian '' is just imagining stuff . 
  for the record , i 'd prefer finno-ugric . 
  supporting is not the same as being a part of . 
  for example , if drug addicts buy from a drug cartel , then they are supporting the cartel , but are not a part of the actual cartel itself . 
  criminal groups require support from their community , even simple things like not being reported to the police or their actions being condoned ( in the case of gypsies for example ) . 
  no , idiot , point out where i said they are all part of criminal groups !, 
  what 's your point ? 
   you guess that they are all part of it . 
  wtf ? 
  when have i said that ? 
  it seemed pretty obvious to me . 
  i assume he added the quotation marks , because they are being accused of discrimination , not because they actually are discriminating . 
  anyway , eu or not , it 's still their country and if the gypsies do n't like it there , then they can always go home . 
  no , that 's my opinion . 
  you seriously do not see the quotation marks '' '' around the word `` discriminating '' in capatown 's post ? 
  is your fanaticism blinding you ? 
  if the gypsies themselves put 0 effort into getting their culture and people sorted out , then i say f * em !, 
  but i also believe no criminal gang can operate without at least some support from it 's community . 
  no , they are not in recession . 
  and the us is `` pumping '' very little money into other nato countries compared to how much they are `` pumping '' into middle-east countries . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_foreign_military_financing#by_country, 
  i 'm glad she 's not a soldier . 
  i understand that by now , but when i was younger i thought england and uk were the same thing . 
  a lot of my peers thought so too . 
  also does n't help that when you select the english language somewhere , then it 's usually accompanied by the british flag . 
  makes it seem like the british flag is english . 
   eslovaquia , eslovenia you guys just add e-s in front of country names ? 
  chechen is czech with a stutter . 
  maybe ukraine kept them . 
  that would have been a smart move on their part . 
  england / uk, 
   i thought most non-germans had separated regiments/batallions . 
  yes , they did - communication is easier , when the whole unit speaks the same language . 
  it seems to me that this pope should occasionally be reminded he 's a priest , not a politician . 
   i 'd say science is just science , and research and its results should be rewieved ok , glad we agree . 
  what makes you think the eu scientists can make better calls than the national ones ? 
  just because the eu has cleared something as safe and healthy , that does n't mean anyone else should n't double check . 
  interesting idea . 
  i thought maybe some russian officer decided to support the separatists without asking his superiors for permission . 
  it kind of makes me wonder if such people themselves respect what they fear ? 
  like a bunch of masochists . 
  you hit them in the face and they 're like `` i < 3 you '' . 
  except the owner of that luxury yacht already pays a ton of taxes , increases the country 's exports , invests in other businesses and provides employment for thousands of people , so the government does n't want to piss him off and chase him out of the country . 
  you on the other hand , are much easier to replace , so if the people demand more services and higher taxes , guess who ends up paying for it ? 
  lol , your iq is closer to 0 than 76 billion , therefore you 're a complete idiot . 
  not everyone 's idea of rich people is stereotypical bankers , there are plenty of people in the world , who 'd consider the average slovak as rich . 
  you can always donate money , but i pointed that out , because i find it funny how left-leaning people on the internet complain about rich people , but do n't understand , that in global context they are the rich people . 
  compared to how there are children starving in the world , it 's a luxury everywhere , no ? 
   as if commercial enterprises do n't have administration ? 
  besides , they will need to advertise , and to generate profit for their shareholders . 
  both of these will suck money away too ... but the shareholders will never have enough profit . 
  right , when they have to choose between losing their employees and customers and going bankrupt or raising profits even higher and paying for expensive advertising , then i 'm sure they 'll choose the latter . 
  / s  b would be cheaper for most of the people , no it would n't . 
  imo , you underestimate how much the state wastes money in between . 
  no , they can probably like double the teachers current pay , because there would n't be any bureaucrats skimming away part of the money . 
   you ca n't just wave the magic privatization wand and expect everything to get cheaper but otherwise stay the same . 
  that 's exactly what would happen . 
  simply put : a ) you pay to the school . 
  or b ) you pay to the school + the state . 
  why would b be cheaper ? 
  why not ? 
  you do realize that people would have more money because of lower taxes and if healthcare or similar services charged more than people could afford , then they 'd lose their customers and go bankrupt ? 
  - . - nah , too lazy to do 100 - 100 * 0,67 * 0,8 * 0,98 * 0,98 * 0,8 in my head . 
  i 'd rather guestimate or use the calculator . 
  yes-yes , my bad , next time i 'll use a calculator, 
  you have a computer and an internet connection - you 're living in luxury . 
  someone should take your money until you can only have `` necessity-spending-capabilities '' and give that money to some starving kids , no ? 
   taxes to increase healthcare spending is oppression of the healthy , taxes to increase education spending is oppression of adults etc. 
  yep , you 're starting to get it . 
   most people would have to go without these three most of the time . 
  how come ? 
  call it what you want . 
  if they keep the oil , then they can be part of whatever they want . 
  there 's no perfect solution , but i prefer lots and lots of decentralization . 
  if everyone pays for services like healthcare , education , transportation etc directly , then they pay for exactly what they use and without paying extra for bureaucracy . 
  things that ca n't be handled very well by paying directly , like road construction , police , fire department , i 'd leave to the local governments . 
  matters of national security and foreign diplomacy i 'd leave to the state . 
  this , imo , would be as free and least oppressive , as a system could get . 
  however , you could maybe call it a military dictatorship , because in my ideal society the state = the military , as the state handles matters of national security . 
  i do n't know about sweden , but in estonia , 51 % can change the constitution . 
  it would n't be easy , but they can . 
  also , the constitution and human rights only cover extreme stuff like killing etc. 
  when , for example , 60 % of the population votes to tax the other 40 % ( high earners ) , then no `` human right '' protects those 40 % . 
  or when an aging population votes to increase pensions and taxes because of it , does the constitution protect the young ? 
  you forgot ww2 reparations . 
   it seems inevitable as the average voter gets heavier . 
  `` democracy is 3 wolves and a lamb voting what 's for dinner . '', 
  imo , it makes no difference if the taxes are taken away immediately before the money is handed over to you or immediately after . 
  fact is , you 're the one who worked for that money and saying that some of those are paid by the employer is just to make you feel better . 
   vat is away from the seller , not from you . 
  not in estonia . 
  here i can see the actual price of the item and the vat on the cheque and i pay for both . 
  also , it does n't really matter , whose side is taxed , what is important is the transaction , which is taxed , because the seller can just up the prices to make you pay the vat . 
  oh yeah , i knew that . 
   you are not being taxed on the money you already saved , you will be taxed , when you use that money to buy something . 
  what 's the point of savings , if you 're not spending that money ever to buy something ? 
  you 're right about the rent and some utilities , i think . 
  electricity bill has vat , but i do n't think others do .
