  after that , i 'd maybe identify by trade . 
  european is also somewhere in my top list . 
  it works for the us , because oil and other resources are traded in dollars internationally . 
  lol , as if you decided that, 
  i think you 're talking about the raid on sigtuna . 
  that was more complex , than just a plunder raid . 
  iirc , sweden ( with it 's allies ) had attacked karelia , which was our ally . 
  :p also , they had raided our lands before too . 
  it was all fair game between vikings . 
  oh the irony of a homophobe accusing others of being bigots . 
   they should educate themselves how to live in a globalised world no , they should n't . 
  you should educate yourself to respect national sovereignty . 
   since when is 80 k close to 50 million ? 
  did he say 50 mil/year ? 
  yeah , they just need to be sent to re-education camps or something , amirite ? 
  estonians have n't plundered or colonized shit . 
  fuck you !, 
  no , words are just words . 
  if you start mucking around with connotations , then simple communication becomes a hassle . 
  do gdp stats take into account inflation/deflation ? 
  then it would benefit italy to let them go . 
  no , `` immigrant '' is someone who migrates into the country in question and `` emigrant '' is someone who migrates out of the country in question . 
  are you saying asylum seekers do n't migrate ? 
  sooo ... either the truck drivers were spetsnaz soldiers or the aid convoy was being set up to get ambushed and then `` peacekeepers '' would have rode in ? 
  did merkel not read the news yesterday about russian military vehicles and soldiers entering ukraine ? 
  afaik , bofors and saab sold military tech and weapons to the allies . 
  so you could say they did provide some help against the axis . 
  however , i do n't know if they also sold weapons and tech to the axis . 
  what point ? 
  that everyone should be insulted exactly the same way ? 
  that 's a pipedream , not a point . 
  if you 're going to argue for equality , then do n't be a hypocrite in the same argument . 
  otherwise it looks as if you 're not thinking things through and are just repeating catch phrases you 've heard elsewhere . 
  oh yes , because currently men are never insulted or harassed . 
   equal rights for women = women and men are equal . 
      is what the person said . 
  women and men are equal . 
  what 's your point here ? 
   what he 's saying is that we want women to have what men have . 
  but not the other way around ? 
  that seems unjust to me . 
  ok , cool , glad we agree on that, 
   largely by priests and church leaders . 
  this is news to me . 
  do you have any good source for that ? 
  it would be interesting to know how much the church helped shape humanism . 
  you may argue , that some groups need more attention , but then you are justifying inequality . 
  if you want equal treatment , then you must treat equally . 
   equal rights for women = women and men are equal . 
  no , that 's `` equal rights for sexes '' , not `` equal rights for women '' . 
   do n't argue that the church needs to work for more men 's rights right now . . 
  the church needs to stick to praying and not stick it 's nose into political , economic , military , educational or social issues . 
  spiritual matters only . 
  how can you argue for equality and then only address the problems of certain groups !, 
   equal rights for women and homosexuals why only women and homosexuals ? 
  why europe ? 
  why not saudi arabia ? 
  lol, 
   we ourselves have pretty harsh immigration policies afaik , most of the world does . 
  why not ? 
  i thought you were all about following the law . 
  would you be ok if they changed the law beforehand and then shot them ? 
   economic stimulation in areas worst effected by extremism yes , because we all know wealthy saudi arabia is so liberal and not extremist . 
  - . - it 's not about money . 
  there are plenty of poor people , who are n't jihadists . 
  nice , did n't know we had such good friends in france . 
  we have troops in car . 
  i 'd move it to the alps . 
  if i lived in the uk , i 'd be pissed . 
  we were just farming and stuff . 
  your example seems positive for finnish economy . 
  finns would have paid for tickets and that money would have ended up in the us and russia . 
  i think these sanctions hitting finland are from russia . 
  europe is targeting the military , banking and energy companies in russia . 
  finnish companies already own many dairy , beer and other brands in estonia . 
  we 'll just buy what we usually buy and the money goes to finland . 
   there is no logical reason why russia would invade any nation unprovoked . 
  right , they 'll just accuse their victims of being oppressive fascists before invading . 
   s for crimea , one soldier hardly constitutes your claim of `` killings '' . 
  yes , it 's a tragedy , but surely you 'll agree that a real invasion would cost thousands of lives . 
  in the grand scale of things , i 'd prefer it if all other conflicts were as bloodless as what took place in crimea , regardless to what the actual actions are called . 
  there was more than one death in crimea . 
  ukrainian side lost one soldier . 
  and it does n't change the fact it was still invaded . 
  yes , i 'm sure russia can find an excuse for every invasion . 
  but there were several deaths in crimea . 
  at least one ukrainian soldier was killed and at least two more ukrainian soldiers were wounded . 
   it 's was n't exactly `` aggressive '' of them , yes , it was . 
  seizing territory and killing ukrainian soldiers is aggressive . 
   logic . 
  they 've always wanted crimea - . - like they 've always wanted chechnya and transniestria and ossetia ...  if we want to act as the world 's white knight and if we were to respond purely based on aggression , than surely israel would be the better target for a response these days . 
  israel is n't invading european countries . 
   certainly not by escalating the situation further . 
  but if there 's no response to russia 's aggression , then what 's stopping russia from annexing other places in the future ? 
  dude , not cool !, 
  drugs destroy lives . 
   my point is that it was not russia who started the `` economic war '' dude , i do n't know about that . 
  russian occupation of crimea did mess with shell 's and eni 's business there and those are european companies . 
  so how can the eu not respond , when russia is undermining it 's companies ? 
  sooo ... cheaper food for those of us in the eu ?
