  with the rapes that are happening in the uk , i 'd let at least some teenagers arm themselves . 
   guns make killing too easy . 
  that 's the point !, 
  before guns , europe was ruled by feudal lords , who spent their entire lives practicing combat and common people could n't challenge them . 
  with guns came democracy . 
  and i do n't think most thugs are like a 5 foot woman , or a fat man . 
  yes , god forbid if someone actually gets mad at all the rapists and beheaders . 
  nato has superior firepower , superior technology , superior industry and superior manpower - it can dominate on any terrain . 
  finland already has a lot of estonian immigrants . 
  we have that covered . 
  you just make sure the african immigrants in israel are n't discriminated against , like we sometimes read on the news . 
  here you go : `` back in january , there was a profoundly disturbing case at nottingham crown court . 
  adil rashid , who had `` raped '' an underage girl , was spared a prison term after the judge heard that the na\u00efve 18-year-old attended an islamic faith school where he was taught that women are worthless . 
  rashid told psychologists he had no idea that having sex with a willing 13-year-old was against the law ; besides , his education had taught him to believe that `` women are no more worthy than a lollipop that has been dropped on the ground '' . '', 
  true, 
   this is based on minister lawrov , saying again today that a new security paradigm is needed from lisbon to wladivostok . 
  they took a piece of ukraine and are already dreaming of world conquest . 
  you just had to ruin it :p, 
  truth is that border protection has worked for thousands of years . 
  especially when it 's a sea border . 
  what lacks , is the political willpower . 
  well i expected their situation to improve . 
  it has n't , so now i 'm curious what 's wrong . 
  sooo ... what 's up with greece and spain ? 
  why you guys no create jobs ? 
  same system here . 
  would be interesting to see similar chart with % of people , who have a job . 
   as much as that statement frightens me you already shat your pants ? 
  lol , op made another thread about russia, 
  ok , thanks, 
  sooo ... 
  anyone want to give us a tl ; dr version ? 
  china would have nothing to win by getting involved . 
  i 'd expect them to sit back and do business with both sides . 
  because russian artillery shelled them from russia . 
  says `` god_of_tits_an_wine '' . 
  maybe offer to move some of the us forces from germany to romania ? 
  i do n't think germany would block that . 
  ok , i suppose it 's because their neighbors are friendly . 
   sweden is dismantling all their defence capability interesting . 
  how are they doing that ? 
  why only continental europe ? 
  she has been disappointing lately . 
  first she tells everyone not to ` provoke ' russia by helping ukraine and now this . 
  afaik , it 's because now they are being paid a lot of money to not stir up trouble and have become actually very loyal to russia . 
  this does n't apply to all of chechnya though . 
  there are like different clans or whatever . 
  it 's a joke from r/ukrainianconflict . 
  started because there are cossack forces on separatist side , who call themselves `` wolves ' hundred '' , paint wolf logos on their equipment , wear hats made of wolf fur etc. 
  '' ... during their service to czar nicholas ii , the wolves ' hundred were easily identifiable by their military banner , which depicted the head of a wolf against a black background . 
  their traditional cossack hats , or papakhas , were made out of wolf fur instead of the customary sheepskin , and its fighters would often embellish their cossack uniforms with the severed tail of a wolf . 
  most of all , they were known for their distinctive battle cry , which mimicked the howling of wolves in order to intimidate their enemies ... '' http://time.com/95898/wolves-hundred-ukraine-russia-cossack/, 
  well , parts of our militaries could just ` volunteer ' the same way russian soldiers ` volunteer ' . 
  interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvx11ixbfzm '' \u00c1ngel from murcia , is a member of the youth wing of spain 's communist party according to spanish daily el pa\u00eds . '', 
   ` mentally i am ready to die ' people who make such statements do n't understand modern war . 
  there are more wounded than dead , so the real question is : are you ready to have your legs blown off by a random artillery shell and then spend the rest of your life in a wheelchair ? 
  it 's a real circus on the russian side though . 
  you have spanish far-left communists , french far-right imperialists , chechen muslims , russian neo-nazis , cossack furries , ussr glorifiers and pskov soldiers , who got way lost . 
   we wo n't be able to monetize the investment because we will be limited to our own markets russia is a pretty big market . 
  why is this a problem ? 
  i do n't think the factories in rebel-held territories have any choice . 
  russia is now openly invading ukraine and everyone 's just watching . 
  ukraine handed over their nukes in good faith . 
  ukraine helped in iraq . 
  ukraine has participated in un missions . 
  and now when they need help at their home , everyone is afraid to even send them some weapons . 
  gluttony was n't a concept christians invented . 
  i 'm not religious, 
   not eating until you feel sated is a psychological disorder called anorexia nervosa . 
  no , it 's called gluttony . 
  i do n't need to search anything . 
  i already know the eu is n't forcing italy , because that does n't make sense to me . 
  if you want to accuse the eu of doing that , then it 's your business to prove it or stfu . 
   and no , i do n't care to explain when ... cop out, 
   you are inconsistent . 
  is existence of an artifact a violation of human rights or harming someone with it ? 
  human can be harmed by a lot of things , subset of which are weapons . 
  yes , but weapons are designed for harming humans . 
   weapons can be used against wildlife predators to protect human life . 
  predators are n't human . 
  guns used against wild animals , seem more like tools to me , but either way , iirc this argument started with the british army and they do n't exactly have weapons to defend against lions . 
   weapon can be fired at the vicinity of an aggressor , not directly at the aggressor , thus discouraging them from aggression and preserving both lives . 
  we kind of went over this already . 
  you 're still threatening the aggressor 's `` right to life '' . 
  that why the threat works . 
   owner of a weapon is subject to human rights too . 
  violating human rights to protect your own human rights is still violating human rights . 
   using that weapon in non-lethal way might preserve his life and thus defend his human rights ( as well as aggressors ) . 
  the key word is `` might '' . 
  also you 're still using the weapon to threaten his human rights . 
   a sharp pencil is n't `` designed to violate someone 's human right '' yet it can do it . 
  my point was that if you 're specifically obtaining something which is designed to either violate someone 's human rights or to threaten to violate someone 's human rights , then you 're not really respecting human rights . 
  my workday is over , so i probably wo n't reply to you anymore . 
  a pencil is not designed to be a weapon . 
  a weapon is something that is designed to violate someone 's human right however and owning a weapon and claiming you ** respect ** human rights is hypocritical . 
  edit : for the record , i support private ownership of weapons . 
   you only feel sated when you 've eaten too much already . 
  then fuck feeling sated - eat less . 
   no , because then you would have to review your easy worldview of `` they 're fat because they 're morally inferior '' . 
  because that stuff about food being addictive is from sensationalist news .
