   well , there definitely is difference between sex and gender . 
  first time i 've heard of this . 
  march is too early for the sanctions to have an effect . 
  most of the sanctions back then were against some individuals directly involved with crimea . 
  i find this whole affair amusing . 
  europe got trolled , especially the ones who thought a bearded dude named `` pussy sausage '' actually represents transsexual rights or something . 
  i do n't understand why people keep calling him a woman though . 
  learn some biology - xy = man , xx = woman . 
  if you can change your chromosomes , then you can change your gender . 
  bring on the downvotes . 
  yeah , it just brought disease and genocide to the natives . 
  oh look , it 's the online attitude gestapo . 
  - . - he lied and when caught , told me to prove it , as if i was lying . 
  is that not rude ? 
  why do you pick his side ? 
  maybe , i guess time will tell . 
  quit acting all polite and nice , we both know what you are . 
   but , wow , relax yourself a bit . 
  :( i have no respect for you . 
   and always because i find grammatical mistakes you have no problem making such blatant lies ? 
  you added whole paragraphs through editing . 
  reminds me of this joke about italians : `` how do you know an italian is lying ? 
  his lips are moving . '', 
  did n't know that also applied to the spanish . 
  edit : ok , i 'm quitting this conversation , you 're editing your previous posts too much . 
  then why did you even bring up integration in the first place ? 
  when most people think about western culture , they think about careers , shopping , eurovision etc , but that 's not all . 
  these guys were fully integrated with american culture , before they went back to fight in the middle-east : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu6tnnj6mq0 you may think the immigrants will be motivated to live the same life you do , but maybe they are more impressed by 50 cent ? 
  politicians change every few years . 
  if the eu stopped immigration from the 3rd world , then 90 % of the eurosceptics would start to love the eu . 
  imagine the worst latin-american ghettos where gang warfare , drugs and extreme poverty are normal - that 's what eurosceptics think the eu will turn europe into . 
  i 'm saying this as a former eurosceptic . 
  former , because i realized mass-immigration into western-europe started before the eu was created . 
  even if they are very similar , still does n't explain why they should be a single country . 
  besides , why would austrians want to be governed from berlin , when they could be governed from vienna ? 
  why should they be ? 
  just because they seem similar , that does n't mean they need to be one country . 
  i was talking about competence , not ethics . 
  nope , but i also think the state run social security system is a scam . 
  ( kinda long theory , but simply put : paying to a doctor directly would be cheaper than paying to a bureaucrat + a doctor ) ps . 
  i 'm going away from pc for awhile , will reply to your arguments later , if ever . 
  what rock have those kids been living under ? 
  i find it hard to believe that someone of that age has never heard of energy drinks being bad , but it 's not impossible of course . 
   but please , just think about your first world privilege for a second before you claim people are criminals just because they want a fraction of the chances you got by being born in the better side of a border . 
  just because we were born in europe , that does n't mean we owe the whole world something . 
  no way a 12 year old has n't heard that energy drinks are bad for you . 
  1,5 billion for that seems excessive . 
  * cough * no more * cough * nazi scientists * cough *, 
  ca n't you read ? 
  this topic is about bulgaria , not romania . 
  it seems they are willing to take that risk . 
  yep , once all the russian separatists are dealt with , all those thousands of miners and steel plant workers are going to have a `` ukraine 's next top oligarch '' contest . 
  still better reason than hurr-durr glorious russian empire !, 
  meh , democracy is overrated anyway, 
  http://cleantechnica.com/2013/12/04/renewable-energy-generation-grows-texas/ * runs away giggling *, 
  well done, 
   i have n't said one word about my opinion on how their better knowledge should influence the laws . 
  i never said you have . 
  ok , i 'll quote you :  all i 'm saying is that governments do indeed have way better knowledge than parents . 
  does not matter . 
   coffee has between 480 and 600 mg/l , so it 's sketchy ... 
  according to this post above , they do n't need to , if energy drink has only 150 mg/l . 
  you keep talking about how they know better ( bs ) , but it does n't matter if they know better or not , they do n't have the moral right to make such decisions instead of the people they 're supposed to serve , not harass . 
  it 's not blind hate . 
  i just do n't like it when they think they 're feudal lords . 
  `` riding a bike without a helmet !? 
  pay a fine ! '', 
  `` your bar is open too late !? 
  pay a fine ! '', 
  `` you have n't microchipped your dog ? 
  pay a fine ! '', 
  f * that !, 
  i do n't believe it 's a serious problem . 
  who drinks 3 l of energy drinks in a short time ? 
  even 3 l of water in a short time would make you feel sick . 
  and what i 'm saying is that they still do n't have the right to make such decisions instead of the people . 
  besides , i do n't think those bureaucrats know jack s *** . 
  makes no sense . 
  if 150mg/l is bad in one drink , should n't it be bad in other drinks as well ? 
  i get the feeling that this is one of those let 's - pretend-we-care laws . 
  do n't mean to criticise your government . 
  it 's the career politicians , who pull this crap and those types are the kind i dislike . 
   and people are not less susceptible to lobbyists . 
  you can prevent and punish lobbying and bribing in politics , you ca n't do anything with corporate propaganda . 
  average people are not well informed , do n't have good data despite having access to it , have no will to actively search for real data , and their choices are driven by half-truths , myths and catchy factoids . 
  people still have a right to make such decisions for themselves , even if they make the `` wrong '' choice . 
  the state exists to serve it 's people , not to play daddy . 
  yes , i learned english from cartoon network . 
   of course , do minors really need to drink coffee ? 
  back when i was in high school all the hip chicks were drinking coffee to show how mature and stuff they were . 
   but government is usually way better in terms of information than its people . 
  and way more susceptible to being paid off by lobbyists . 
  the state should n't be playing daddy and making these decisions . 
   coffee has between 480 and 600 mg/l , so it 's sketchy ... 
  seems like banned , not sketchy to me . 
  `` the law also defines energy drinks as non-alcoholic beverages containing more than 150 mg per liter of caffeine or ... '' does this include coffee and coca-cola ? 
  i would have expected afghanistan or iraq to be # 1 with all the suicide bombers and all . 
  this looks like a good reason to go to war with each other . 
   participation of women in national government that 's rather sexist - are they saying it 's bad to be a mother in a country governed by men !, 
  afaik , europe gets 27 % of it 's gas from russia and 14 % of it 's total energy needs from russia .
