  wait , which country did you rule again ? 
  yep , you keep asking that question , meanwhile they 'll keep voting . 
  there 's a difference between protecting ( from mutilation ) and forcing ( to go to public school ) . 
  edit : also , parents know best more often than politicians . 
  how many tanks exactly do you have ? 
  provocative title . 
  made you look , did n't it ? 
  i 'd be angry myself too . 
  if he supports circumcising children before they can decide for themselves and slaughtering animals in a ritualistic way , then i suspect he 's the cultist type . 
  then it 's not upholding their rights , it 's forcing them . 
  edit : and of course the parents should have the last word . 
  it 's their children , not some public property . 
  what if the child also prefers to be home-schooled ? 
   an entrepreneur who dares to home-school his kids or join the church of scientology will be arrested on sight in germany . 
  arresting home-schoolers is totalitarian though . 
  call it how you want , you got owned . 
  i hope they help change the eu 's stance on immigration altogether . 
  is n't the french national front against white immigration from the rest of europe too ? 
  how can they be racist , if they are against both immigrants of other races and of their own race ? 
  french nf wants to unite german peoples and invade poland for more lebensraum ? 
  well they need jobs to feed themselves and their families . 
  it 's not a marginal unimportant issue , even if south park tries to make it look stupid . 
  of course it 's a trend . 
  if their main issue is immigration and immigration is not decreasing , then why would their popularity decrease !, 
  because the member nations want it to exist . 
   and if deutschland decided it braucht more lebensraum in the ost germans like all eu citizens can already live in polish raum , no ? 
  modern german invasion of poland : german tanks drive into warsaw . 
  `` now what ? '', 
  - german tank commander german tanks drive back home . 
  guess they should have asked gerard before raising taxes and making predictions . 
  hmm ... is this a normal thing in france ? 
  i mean both the camps and their removal . 
  did n't iraq have a gazillion tanks in the first gulf war and they turned out to be just cannon fodder for the american air force ? 
  op is a troll . 
  otherwise he would recognize that the communist ** international ** or `` comintern '' was also super horrifying during ww2 . 
  face it op , wars are started when people are poor , pissed and overall disenfranchised . 
  nationalism , religion , ideology are all excuses . 
  edit : if you want to blame a specific ideology , then i 'd suggest imperialism , but even that 's more of a sympom . 
   you 'll soon run out of rich people that 's the point . 
  socialists are a jealous bunch . 
  they do n't care if they ruin the economy , they just want to see rich people suffer . 
  and once things are properly messed up , they 'll just emigrate . 
   failure to incorporate young people into the work force why do you think that has happened in sweden ? 
  ( not trying to argue , sincerely curious . ), 
  would n't economic growth make immigration even worse ? 
  people migrate to rich countries you know . 
  any idea what `` people '' in this context means ? 
  can anyone with a piece of land create a republic according to this ? 
  do n't be silly , plenty of people know . 
  if they had 46 % , then they would n't be extremist , no ? 
  extremism : political ideologies or actions deemed outside the acceptable range if 46 % voted for them , then they 'd be in the acceptable range imo . 
  we 're countering it by sending also construction workers , unemployed and others abroad too . 
  less doctors and less patients . 
  :p seriously though , it 's pretty much accepted here , that we 'll have to raise out retirement age sometime . 
  that is unfortunate . 
  i 'm not sure they * want * to leave , i think they 're more like if-you-don ` t-listen-to-our-concerns-we 'll - leave . 
  yeah , because all those other shitty countries do n't need doctors anyway , amirite ? 
  fine , i 'll read the actual article , sheesh . 
   i think it 's worth having a circlejerk about . 
  fixed it !, 
  so what exactly do you want to do about this pepper spraying menace ? 
  you want to start carpet bombing dresden , because of one guy with pepper spray ? 
  ok , maybe not massive immigration , but immigration still . 
  just expressing my opinion . 
   and do you get to decide where i belong ? 
  no , the only person who can make that decision is me . 
      that 's kind of the whole point of living in a free , democratic society . 
  or are you saying that europe is not one of those ? 
  the concept of private property also applies to peoples and countries . 
   english language - american flag could be legit if they are using specifically american english . 
  as in `` color '' , not `` colour '' or whatever . 
  i agree with you on the rest , but ...  one of the realities of american politics is how much influence the jewish lobby has on the us ' middle east policies . 
  ... i believe this is because american christians themselves have a soft spot for jews . 
  without the approval of the religious conservatives , the jewish lobby would have no power in the us . 
  what about arachnophobia ? 
  :p my previous post was me joking about how you were talking of 1933 , as if you personally were there . 
  the post i originally replied to :  i have n't heard antisemite or racist remarks from the far-left . 
  never having heard any racist or anti-semitic remarks from the far-left seems unlikely to me , as i 've heard plenty , but i 've also hanged around in political forums a lot , i admit . 
  for the record , i personally would prefer to stay neutral on this issue . 
  too much religious clusterfuck involved with israel , jerusalem and that whole place . 
   that is the destruction of the european idea period . 
  oh look - this guy said `` period '' !, 
  everyone stop the discussion !, 
  it maybe the destruction of your idea of europe . 
  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  that other guy should point out where exactly someone was attacking israel 's policies in this thread or where i was defending them . 
  anyone else notice the swiss flag has a white + on a red background and the austrian flag has a white - on a red background ? 
  is that some banking magic to attract all the moneys ? 
  is that some kind of irish expression ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  the far-left are not `` most people '' and even then i 'm not saying they 're all hating jews . 
  but on a different forum i 've seen the topic of usa supporting israeli settlements come up several times and then it often included a leftist jews-are-controlling-the-world crowd . 
   or are you whipping out the anti-semite card to defend israel 's policies ? 
  what ? 
  defend against who ? 
  was someone even attacking israel 's policies in this thread ? 
  i agree , but it would also require some cultural change in how people think , otherwise when things get serious , some countries may be tempted to say `` not our problem '' . 
   i have n't heard antisemite or racist remarks from the far-left . 
  you 've never seen them discussing the israel-palestine issue then . 
  they do n't need to unite , they just need to vote the same way , no ?
