  agreed , many in europe do n't understand that there are a billion people willing to work for less pay than they are . 
  japanese unemployment rate is less than 4 % . 
  i 'm still not convinced deflation is bad for us non-bankers . 
  well i think it 's acceptable . 
  the 17th century . 
  maybe that 's just his real name !, 
  do n't judge before you know all the facts !, 
  ugly , but historic statues should be moved to a museum imo . 
  there 's no reason to force the locals to suffer it every day . 
  lol @ how spanish kids are calling ukrainians `` fascists '' , yet spain wo n't allow catalonia to have an independence referendum . 
  that 's not the kind of burden we signed up for . 
  also , do n't accuse me of `` white supremacism '' - i do n't care who 's superior and i 'd be opposed to mass immigration of whites as well , with a very few exceptions . 
  second class , because european empires have been trolling us for the last 800 years . 
   in reality we really need more people . 
  for what ? 
  many estonians have left , because there are n't enough jobs and you want to bring in more people !, 
  i had n't posted in this thread for 2 hours and you 're telling me to shut up ? 
  idiot !, 
   `` all countries have to take responsibility . 
  today , only half the eu member states are accepting refugees , but all 28 states have to either accept refugees directly , or take refugees from states that are overburdened , '' malmstr\u00f6m said . 
  of course a fucking swede would make such a statement . 
  those insane motherfuckers hate everyone who 's white these days . 
   italy has received hundreds of millions of euros from the eu to better accommodate the influx of refugees , but the money has just trickled away , they say . 
  this explains why hte italians are so enthusiastic about saving illegal immigrants - those assholes would sell their own mothers . 
   eu interior ministers want to more fairly allocate refugees within the bloc . 
  those motherfuckers !, 
  just because they want to play heroes and completely disregard the fact africa replaces their refugees with more future refugees , the rest of us will have to suffer . 
  do you want euroscepticism !? 
  because this is how you get euroscepticism !, 
  if those italians are too fucking stupid to pull back their rescue boats and too incompetent to secure their borders , then they should be the ones suffering for it , not us !, 
  they have no right to fuck up other countries jsut because they are afraid of an r-word !, 
  we do n't have a history of colonialism and your white guilt is misplaced on us !, 
  we did n't cause overpopulation in africa or the wars in the mid-east and no one has the right to make us suffer for it !, 
   i can imagine some drunken idiots trying to start trouble if you were to kiss your partner in public on a friday/saturday night in tallinn old town kissing in public is generally looked down upon here and drunk idiots may want to start trouble anyway . 
  are you mad ? 
  i feel so bad now that you do n't take me seriously !!!, 
  your mom , of course , who else ? 
   freedom of speech and expression has a long history that predates modern international human rights instruments . 
  [ 4 ] it is thought that ancient athens ' democratic ideology of free speech may have emerged in the late 6th or early 5th century bc . 
  [ 10 ] the values of the roman republic included freedom of speech and freedom of religion . 
  [ 11 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_speech#origins btw , why did you single out classical times ? 
   any human with a normal intellect can learn one or two additional languages and learning additional languages would boost that intellect . 
  the problem is that these camps are by a foreign , historically hostile , country . 
  concepts like democracy , republics , free speech etc. 
  existed in europe before christianity . 
  i 'd even say those things are natural for european cultures . 
  i 'm not a turk , but i 'm also not willing to embrace `` christian '' values . 
  dinner conversation : `` omg noob , pick support !!! '', 
  setumaa , a place in south-east estonia . 
  ukraine should be drilling for gas in crimea and the black sea . 
  maybe the arsonist just saw a church . 
  nah , it would be way awkward to adopt a christian flag in the 21st century . 
  we have [ this ] ( http://y.delfi.ee/norm/137727/7058441_1sldun.jpeg ), 
  discriminating based on religion is not racism . 
  that said , if there are non-citizens or foreign citizens involved , then i 'd also want to deport them . 
  would n't attacking turkey be really really stupid of them ? 
  also , i thought the afghani militias use soviet weapons . 
   this is known as the sapir-whorf hypothesis , and , while popular irl , it does n't stand up to scientific scrutiny , except for some very-very weak correlations . 
  the language you speak does not make you more punctual , or more egalitarian , or anything , or give you a better work ethic . 
  i agree with this . 
  language is part of the overall culture and it is one of the things that shape culture , but `` reality creates language '' seems more likely . 
  we do not have gender-specific `` he '' and `` she '' , because we see no need for it and this , imo , is an example of culture shaping language , not the other way around . 
  personally , i 'd say that `` culture creates language , but language helps maintain culture '' . 
  those are finno-ugric lands since forever . 
  just because the russian empire conquered those places , that does n't mean they have the moral right to exploit the natives ' lands . 
  and german version on page 21 . 
  interesting read , thanks for posting this . 
  also , democratic elections must always be : a ) observable by neutral parties b ) anonymous e-voting is neither of those . 
  that said , as long as people have an option to vote the old-fashioned way , it 's not a problem imo . 
  personally , i 've only voted on paper . 
  belarus is having a really good year . 
  bloody try hards :p, 
  no , it would encourage others to join , because they 'll know they can return back , when things get difficult . 
  from what i 've heard , those russians were fully integrated before the soviet occupation . 
  and it 's not like we volunteered to join the czarist russia . 
  you 're right , but for me personally , that sounds like a lot of responsibility . 
   a stronger and more influential position in the world . 
  i do n't think we 'd care about playing empire . 
   and better security against outside influences . 
  russia is the only aggressive neighbour we currently have and they outnumber us 20x anyway . 
  i do n't know much about kurland , but if my previous comment left the impression , that i want all the russians to leave the baltics , then i should have been more clear . 
  i do n't have a problem with every russian . 
  but the ones who insist on everything being rightfully russian territory and for whom a history test is a problem , those can leave for all i care . 
  roads are a problem here too . 
  sometimes the climate is blamed , but every time we visit finland , we see that 's a lie . 
  we use that too . 
  as i understand , you can do the same things with both , but the e-id is more convenient . 
  we do have a lot of people into gadgets and technology and yes , i believe finland has played a role in inspiring us - we have for a long time seen nokia as the source of success for finland and we 've wanted something similar . 
  they are free to go back to russia . 
  the ussr forcefully moved them to latvia and russia has accepted the role of the ussr 's successor state . 
  that said , citizenship tests are normal , even russia has them . 
  thanks for the good wishes . 
  you honestly think the persian empire , which was the biggest empire at that time and which started many conflicts between the east and the west and which provoked alexander the great , has no significance ? 
  why just centuries of history !? 
  the persian empire attacked european nations long before any of that . 
  i invite you to look up that history . 
   they need a place to go . 
  just because they need something , that does n't mean europeans owe them . 
   why not forming a union ? 
  because there 's no significant reason to .
