   there 's far too much national pride involved for russia to ever peaceably handover siberia the way this could happen is if chinese immigrants flood siberia and then they can either sway russia 's policies towards china or western-russia might want to abandon siberia , because otherwise they could get flooded as well . 
   it 's relevant because in that same memorandum that russia signed that guarantees the territory of ukraine , nato promised not to expand . 
  no , the budapest memorandum had nothing to do with nato . 
  here 's a description of the content : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances#content, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  treaties essentially are promises , no ? 
  agreements , contracts , memorandums , guarantees , treaties ... they all seem like promises to me . 
  my point is , i do n't see why a `` treaty '' would be different . 
  low interest rates would be inflationary , which would lower the purchasing power of everyone who has savings in euros . 
  this means the people of the entire eurozone would pay for that . 
  ok , was curious . 
  anyway , back on topic - ukraine is not a member of nato and russia still broke it 's promise to ukraine . 
  edit : also important to note that it was a promise made on paper and signed by russia ( among others ) . 
   and nato promised not to expand when ? 
  do you have a source or something ? 
  in the global picture , the euro and the usd are competitors . 
  so anytime some us magazine or website tells us we should get rid of the euro , we should be skeptical . 
  whatever , they promised to guarantee ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
   we do not want to be caught between the us and china . 
  there would be no real winners in such a war . 
  that 's why such a war wo n't happen . 
  russia also signed a contract to guarantee ukraine 's territorial integrity , no ? 
  actually i 'd say the current generation of teenagers is less like that . 
  i think their states are too dependent on russia 's oil and gas money to leave , at least any time soon . 
   is it about to change its mind ? 
  why ? 
  european agriculture is doing well . 
  iirc , then eu is currently even the biggest food exporter in the world . 
  average estonian middle-class : `` i 'm too poor . 
  why is this country so shitty and poor ?! '', 
  * spends paycheck on expensive designer bag * `` omg i 'm so poor . 
  why does n't the government care for it 's people !? '', 
  honestly , i think the bmw punk culture has been fading lately . 
  i 've watched most of the video and wtf !? 
  seriously not a single female migrant amongst them ? 
  like women were n't bothered by the war or whatever they need asylum from . 
  :d and the best troll of 2014 award goes to ... 
  if the rebels are hiding amongst civilians and using them as human shields , then how can such things not happen ? 
  well there 's a new president now and already fighting going on . 
   any country russia was seriously considering invading is small enough that the invasion would succeed with or without these ships . 
  how difficult , long lasting and expensive an invasion is , often determines if it 's worthwhile . 
  not to mention that russia itself had agreed to a contract guaranteeing ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  i do n't think ukrainians are going to hijack planes and ram them into american buildings . 
   the hell are ukrainians doing in k\u00f6nigsberg ... ? 
  and  their intentions are obvious . 
  lol, 
   coming from the guy who originally helped to arm the afghan mujahadin and it worked well against the ussr . 
   why on earth would you want escalate the military part if you have economic option ? 
  because the other side could choose to escalate the military part and then ukraine needs something to defend itself with . 
  in case you have n't noticed . 
  russia is slowly sending heavier equipment into east-ukraine . 
  it used to be assault rifles , now it 's tanks , grads , sams etc. 
  this is escalation and it 's being carried out by the russians . 
  it does n't show what exactly they are attacking . 
  a rebel stronghold or that building in op 's video , which could have been occupied by rebels too . 
  wtf is this ? 
  we posting random yt videos now ? 
  what was bombed ? 
  why was it bombed ? 
  when was it bombed ? 
  what proof is there it was bombed by ukrainian army ? 
   she makes me proud of being spanish . 
  i thought the antifa looked down on national pride ? 
  why would the antifa in one country be different from the antifa everywhere else ? 
  that 's like saying you ca n't judge all neo-nazis , because you do n't know how the - insert random country - neo-nazis act . 
  if they were different , then why would they associate with the antifa everywhere else ? 
  it varies . 
  for example , st. petersburg seems cultured and european , moscow seems corrupt and imperialist . 
   correlation does not imply causation correlation also does not rule out causation . 
   their society has something about it that causes people to go insane this might sound cliche , but i blame the tv . 
  so much serial killer and psycho crap in movies and shows nowadays . 
  it makes people edgy and paranoid at best . 
  also does n't help how ghetto gangster culture is being promoted a lot in america . 
  true , i know that places like chicago and new york are very anti-gun . 
  gun laws are one thing americans are doing right . 
  why are you bringing race into this ? 
  do you think the nazi occupation of france was also justified , because it provided jobs for some people ? 
  it 's france we are talking about , not some third world country . 
  london should send their homeless to 191 alexander street in vancouver ? 
  why would you want your land to be owned by foreigners ? 
   but there are 30 other countries in europe alone that would also be an improvement for the people of eritrea no , fuck that !, 
  if you want to save eritrea , then you do it !, 
  do n't drag us into your stupidity !, 
  yes , do you think norway should accept them in that scenario ? 
  it ca n't be worse than back in eritrea . 
  and why only men ? 
  do n't women deserve refuge as well ? 
  in theory , if no other country will take them , should norway take them all then ? 
   if they can provide them with another safe haven , e.g. 
  in a neighbouring country then it 's fine why in a neighboring country ? 
  why not norway ? 
  reread what daphne and shanghai said , then reread what i said . 
   no why not ? 
  did you cry , op ? 
  because they 've watched zeitgeist and all the banking cartoons on youtube . 
   dear estonians , calm down . 
  that office is in london , not tallinn . 
  we 're calm . 
  it was still a lame joke though . 
  `` venting '' is for spoiled brats .
