  it does n't necessarily need to be estonia . 
  if estonia did n't exist and they moved to finland , what 's the harm ? 
  depends on the circumstances in which they move , no ? 
  and you mean that question about guys with rifles coming into your home ? 
  go to your relatives or shoot them or join the resistance or just wait for them to leave or whatever . 
  we do n't owe you shit , we have no obligation to be `` net good '' to you , we are not your slaves . 
  the existence of estonia is net good for estonians and that is enough . 
  also , we did fight , we fought in our war of independence and we fought in ww2 , even though in the latter mostly in the ranks of the wehrmacht and the ss , but it was not a time to be picky . 
  for jobs , because we have kinda high unemployment at home . 
  and if the fins decided to tell estonian immigrants no and turn them back , then i would n't blame them for it - it 's their country . 
  and i hope the estonians who have migrated there appreciate the kindness they are shown . 
  did n't know about that , thanks . 
   why estonians didnt fix their shit during ww2 , but instead , many fled ? 
  a lot of estonians became partisans or joined the wehrmacht and the ss to fight communism so stfu . 
  if scotland will have an independence vote , ca n't northern-ireland just have one too to settle this issue once and for all ? 
  1 ) estonian refugees have always been hard working and adaptable . 
  we do n't want to leech welfare and hang around shopping malls all day like the somalis in scandinavia . 
  2 ) if i tried to flee my country and another country turned me back from their border , then i would n't like it , but i 'd understand they have a right to do so . 
  3 ) stop trying to make it seem normal to just run , when things get tough . 
  even if you 're not a fighter , there are other ways to change things . 
  estonia has been under foreign occupation so many times throughout history , if our reaction would have been to just pack our stuff and go , then there would be no estonia today . 
   because if they stay at home , they might be killed just for being there . 
  or they might help fix things and stop the killing . 
  no , you fuck off !, 
  you turned the discussion to about humans helping each other in need , not somalis or poland , so do n't try to twist it now . 
  fact is , the population numbers in the third world are not in decline . 
  so you can just keep accepting immigrants until you 're third world yourself and they no longer want to come . 
  is that what your long term vision is ? 
  and if they do n't stop being in need and just keep coming ? 
  forever and ever ? 
  100 million , then 200 million , then 500 million , then 1 billion ... 
  just do n't start bragging too much . 
  no one likes smug people . 
  yes , that 's the excuse they abandon their people with , when they are needed the most . 
  but why should a host country accept them , when they provide more harm than benefit to society ? 
  there are tons of people who want to move to europe , why pick somalis of those , who are known for being poor workers and radicals ? 
  did you not see my earlier question ? 
  and their totally safe nuclear power plants . 
  you prefer the rape culture in your own country ? 
  i know, 
  why somalis ? 
  they are n't exactly known for being an educated and skilled workforce . 
  i think he wanted just crimea , because the natural gas and oil there was a threat to russian oligarchs ' business interests . 
  then russia threatened eastern-ukraine to stop ukraine from trying to take back crimea . 
  if you google a bit , then you 'll find several articles on how ukraine signed deals with exxonmobil and chevron . 
  this would have threatened the russian oligarchs ' wealth . 
  a part of me wants to read the article , the other part is afraid it 'll piss me off . 
  should i read it ? 
   these are not communists they are crooks . 
  so they are just regular communists ? 
  no industry = no war, 
   all you do is complain about communism , get over it already . 
  lol , nope, 
  call it how you will , but for the people of eastern-europe : ussr = communist . 
   though they would have to go to war with ussr to help us in 1945 . 
  it would certainly be a suicide for the west . 
  back then the west had nukes and the ussr did n't . 
  i have , but please try to stay on topic . 
  ever heard of the holodomor ? 
  seems good enough reason to ban them in ukraine . 
  i do n't know the specifics , but yes , they were set up during the cold war . 
  maybe i am thinking in terms of a perfect-world-situation . 
  why do you guys even still have bases in western-europe ? 
  having bases in eastern-europe or the middle-east or asia at least can be used to protect your allies , but having them in countries like germany , belgium , holland seems outdated . 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't want foreigners on my homeland . 
  i would n't say no to them giving us some ballistic missiles though . 
  i 'm really really glad we did n't . 
  we still have statues to gustav ii adolf in tartu for that . 
  yes , estonia . 
  even though some people dislike gays here , there 's no violence or aggression towards them . 
  ok , thanks, 
  then why have countries like germany and france banned fracking ? 
  ( not trying to argue , genuinely curious . ), 
  imo , english is so popular because of movies , video games and music . 
  the whole world learns english from those . 
  if some spanish hollywood or something popped up and the current hollywood stopped working for whatever reason , then maybe . 
   no one said they do ? 
  and i never claimed anyone did . 
   major difference is having long range ones set square on the border . 
  still does n't prompt an invasion . 
  putting missiles on your side of the border is a proper response . 
  invading a country because of how they place their equipment on their sovereign territory is not . 
  ( edit : why would you need to put long range missiles on the border anyway ? 
  they 're long range for a reason . ), 
   my mentality ? 
    it 's the americans and russians . 
  ok , my bad , got carried away . 
  they do have a right to be worried , but not the right to invade . 
  just because you are scared of someone , that does n't make it ok to attack them . 
  half the countries in the world have ballistic missiles . 
  your mentality would cause ww3 . 
  afaik , it messes up the ground water in a really large area , because a lot of chemicals are pumped into the ground so deep , that they can not be removed later . 
  and water takes those chemicals everywhere . 
  in addition , you need a lot more of fracking wells to get the same amount of gas compared to a conventional well . 
  it also requires very large amounts of fresh water . 
  i 'm no expert though , this is from articles i 've read . 
   the whole point of the article is that germans are reluctant to side in a unified voice against russia because the us is guilty of far worse . 
  `` we support these maniacs , because those maniacs are worse !! '', 
  and even if america did meddle in ukraine , how did that give russia the right to grab ukrainian land ?
