  2 ) the system is bs . 
  the city gives free bus rides to residents of tallinn , everyone else has to pay . 
  this has caused some people to change their registered residence to tallinn , which means part of their income tax goes to tallinn now , instead of their former registered place of residence . 
  so tallinn is taking income tax away from other places . 
  they are both physical assaults , which lead to bodily harm . 
  yeah !!, 
  pfffft , fuck the guy who was assaulted - he was n't even stabbed !, 
  let 's all instead complain about how some guy on reddit messed up his thread title !, 
  yes , because having your eye socket fractured with a punch to the face is totally ok . / s, 
  it 's become very difficult to understand whether brits favor the eu or not . 
  once again , the state mistakes itself for feudal lords . 
  now that i look at the stats , it seems i was exaggerating . 
  hungary , slovenia , latvia , croatia - they all have less than 4 rapes / 100k people , which is low , but still not the same as `` practically non-existant '' , i admit . 
  ( it 's 63.5 / 100k in sweden ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics, 
  generally i agree that decentralization is good , but in the case of moldova , separatists would probably want to join an even bigger country - russia . 
  i 'm worried for those guys . 
  i like swedes , but they seem a bit crazy , when it comes to immigration . 
  common = / = ethical, 
  ok , i assumed norway would have the same attitude about getting women to report it as sweden does . 
  my bad . 
  best i could find for sweden was `` according to swedish national council for crime prevention it is likely that only around 20 per cent of all rapes are being reported '' , but it 's apparently from 2001 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden  and when did this turn into a race/immigrant issue ? 
  from the start , read the whole thread and watch the youtube video . 
   you said `` there are plenty of european countries , where rape is practically non-existent . '', 
  yes , i did . 
  ok , let me bring you an example from norway : `` recent police statistics showed that in the capital city of oslo , 100 percent of assault rapes between strangers were committed by immigrant , non-western males . '', 
  from http://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/world/2011/august/culture-crisis-norway-tackles-muslim-immigration-/ now please explain why norwegian women only report rapes if they are commited by non-western males !, 
  edit : also notice i was talking about european countries , not india . 
  no more land border with russia !!, 
  bs , there are plenty of european countries , where rape is practically non-existent . 
   in most countries it would count as one : one rapist , one victim . 
  wtf !? 
  you have some 3rd world standards already . 
  also , you know you have a rape epidemic when `` getting women to report it instead of staying quiet '' is a thing . 
   can you honestly watch this guys channel and not think he is a little mad ? 
  yes , i can . 
  unless if by `` mad '' you mean `` angry '' , but i 'd be pissed too if people cared more about `` hate speech '' than rape . 
   the only ones against it always turn out to be neo-nazis . 
  lol , stop calling them neo-nazis then . 
  anyway , what difference does it make if you 're being charged with `` special reasons '' or you 're being charged with `` normal reasons '' ? 
  which of his statements were complete rubbish ? 
   i honestly thought the video was a joke so all that talk about sweden having far more rapes than europe on average is lies ? 
  over here we get the impression , that swedish mainstream media prefers to stay silent when it comes to discussing immigration , ethnic crime stats , rapes etc. 
   only white christian middle-aged men scandinavian countries are some of the least religious countries in the world , so they should n't have a problem then , no ? 
   does this law apply to radical muslims who do hate speech towards other minorities too ? 
  why only towards other minorities ? 
  why should all those groups be called gypsies ? 
  yes , they can feel they are left-handed because they feel how they have better coordination with it . 
  it 's not an opinion , but actually something they experience with one of their 5 senses . 
  bs irrelevant metaphor . 
  you have the sense of touch in your hand , you can feel it when you have bad coordination with one hand . 
  with which sense do you feel gender ? 
  touch ? 
  smell ? 
  taste ? 
  vision ? 
  hearing ? 
  which one ? 
  how does someone even look right handed ? 
  yes , he even uses women 's bathrooms . 
  to identify myself , but i do n't go shake someone 's hand and then tell them i 'm male . 
  i 'm not going to accept something that smells like bullshit . 
  but i guess when i see a transgendered , transsexual or whatever , i can ask what a gender * feels * like . 
  but judging from what i 've read online , i expect to get an answer like `` well i always liked pink and playing with dolls . '', 
  my expectations could be wrong though , i understand that . 
  in that case , why do they have to identify at all ? 
  why do you even need gender in addition to sex ? 
   sometimes these people feel like they 're in between those two genders this i have a problem with - how does one * feel * gender ? 
  because this is roughly how i imagine it : `` i like playing with dolls , omg i 'm a girl born in a boys body !!! '', 
  i do n't fill official forms in sweden . 
   clearly you 're not a real man . 
  :p that 's ok , i identify as a blue bicycle now . 
  tomorrow i 'll be the planet mars though . 
  so you agree he was a troll ? 
  real men wear blood red , all other colours are girly !!, 
  lately , with american media , i do . 
  yup , although it feels like some hate me for not liking mr. wurst . 
  why do i have to pick between those 2 ? 
  maybe i want to identify myself as a blue bicycle ? 
  you sound like a religious guy now . 
  `` you can not be truly happy , until you 've accepted ~ ~ jesus christ ~ ~ conchita wurst into your heart ! '', 
  only the trolling ones . 
   but if you have n't heard about difference between sex and gender , you definitely have n't delved very deep on this topic . 
  that 's true , because i really do n't take this topic seriously . 
   she 's a stage character like i said - a troll, 
  you started talking tough and making it personal , you told me to shove it . 
  so i ask again , if i do n't shove my opinions where the sun do n't shine , then what ? 
  because `` pussy sausage '' was an obvious troll to half of europe and a champion of transsexual rights to the other half . 
  it 's still a valid question . 
  or what ? 
  why are you getting so personal anyway ? 
  i did re-read it and i do n't see why someone should have a problem with answering my simple question . 
  it is what i asked . 
  for some reason , i 'm leaning towards male . 
  can they have children ? 
  my comment and opinion does n't harm you in any way whatsoever , so shut the fuck up and let people do what makes them happy . 
  fuck off , self-hating troll !, 
  estonians are far from intellectual laziness . 
  you know we 're always in the front part of academic achievement lists and educational statistics . 
   gender is how you identify yourself . 
  so if someone asks me my gender , i can just answer whatever ?
