  their government will just create more bureaucracy and military jobs with subsidies they get from taxing the companies that own the automation and the money they get from oil wars . 
   oh and add another coming ferguson situation on top , with another black kid shot ( probably in ny or la ) . 
  they 've had riots since forever . 
  blacks were rioting in the 70s already , yet america still stands . 
  then how about you provide a source ? 
  like i said : human rights are ignored all the time , because they are unrealistic . 
  `` freedom of movement '' is a human right , yet we have prisons . 
  `` right to life '' is a human right , yet in many societies it 's acceptable to kill in self-defense . 
  `` freedom of speech '' is a human right , yet there are countries in europe where nazi rhetoric and `` hate speech '' are punished . 
  so who is this `` we '' you are talking about ? 
   also , the us model of printing money to give it straight to oligarchs as `` corporate subsidies '' , the us gives subsidies and bailouts to the wealthy , public sector jobs to the middle-class and welfare to the poor . 
  it 's not just the wealthy , who get handouts . 
  no , i do n't . 
   i thought you said that if human rights protect everyone , then change the laws yup , do n't see why isis terrorists , who kill others and have no respect for other people 's human rights , should have any themselves . 
  human rights are ignored all the time , because they are unrealistic . 
  `` freedom of movement '' is a human right , yet we have prisons . 
  `` right to life '' is a human right , yet in many societies it 's acceptable to kill in self-defense . 
  `` freedom of speech '' is a human right , yet there are countries in europe where nazi rhetoric and `` hate speech '' are punished . 
  i have no idea how what you said is relevant . 
   you do n't think that i actually want everyone to have human rights ? 
  it 's difficult , when people make absolute statements like `` everyone should have human rights '' :( i ca n't help but feel they are just repeating stereotypical opinions and catch phrases . 
   in the short term , that 'd likely cause more problems than it would solve . 
  we were discussing respecting human rights , not fixing problems . 
   it 'd be a backwards step to take them away from certain groups . 
  like i said , weapons could be used to take away someone 's human right to life , for example , if another country were to invade britain . 
  so your military should be disarmed , right ? 
   everyone deserves human rights one of those right is the right to life , am i right ? 
  in that case you should disarm your military , because they ca n't use those weapons anyway . 
  then do n't whine about how much it 's costing you !, 
  if you choose to save them , then you must also deal with the consequences of your choice . 
   `` it would be easier to just be egocentric and let tens of thousands drown to death everymonths '' . 
  you expect them to just keep going to their death like lemmings ? 
  less people would drown , because currently a boat sinks every now and then , but if there was no chance of them getting to europe , then they 'd stop trying . 
  my way would save more lives , not that i expect you to really care . 
  it would be easier to just pull the border guard back . 
  if they support terrorists , there 's no point any more . 
  change the laws ? 
  [ like these bosnians . 
  ] ( http://serbianna.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/bosnia_wahhabis_derventa.jpg ), 
  we do n't owe them anything . 
  then tell your stupid border guard to pull back and stop rescuing them off the coast of libya !, 
   but the refugees are n't white - they 're mainly from muslim countries , are you saying muslims ca n't be white !? 
  all those blonde balkan muslims are what race in your worldview then ? 
  you do realize you 're racist , right ? 
  being baptized does n't mean shit . 
  afaik , that incursion was blown up from afar with artillery . 
  maybe ukraine was afraid , that if they blow up the aid convoy , then russian `` peacekeeping '' tank divisions will roll in . 
  i 'm not interested in making this personal . 
   you do n't choose both to what nation or religion you are born to . 
  how are you born into a religion ? 
   decrying islam because of isis is analogous to decrying all white people because of the nazis . 
  no , it is n't . 
  one is an ideology , the other is a race . 
  one is picked , the other is not . 
  one has specific behavioral guidelines , the other does not . 
  people are born as ethnic germans . 
  muslims pick their religion . 
  `` german '' is n't an ideology with a distinct world view and ethic code . 
  islam is . 
  because douchebag christians want to pretend religions are some sort of ethnic trait you 're stuck with , not insanity you choose to follow . 
   one of the posts i saw a while back said that non-white immigration should be stopped into europe are you saying there 's never been a racist post in r/europe ? 
  i would have thought piusa sandcaves or north-estonian coastal bank ( pankrannik ) would be included . 
  dude , that 's obviously off-topic . 
   so a religion which gives food to the poor ( economic/social issues ) is corrupt ? 
  if they truly care about people and want to run a charity , then they can do it without tying religion to it . 
  there are plenty of charities in the world , which do n't try to promote some god . 
  also , it 's not like they grow that food themselves . 
  they collect taxes and donations from others . 
  it 's easy to be charitable if someone else pays for it . 
   a religion which teaches that peace is better than war ( military issues ) is corrupt ? 
  yes , because peace is not always better than war . 
  telling you to be peaceful , when your enemies are looking to kill you , is cynical . 
   a religion which says to share what you have with others who are less fortunate ( political/social/economic ) is corrupt ? 
  again , it 's not their business to tell you what you should do outside of praying and spiritual matters . 
  peaceful people my ass . 
  any religion that sticks it 's nose into political , military , economic or social issues is obviously corrupt . 
  clerics and holy books should stick to praying and spiritual matters only . 
  the moment they tell you how to dress and who to marry , they are corrupt . 
  the average muslim would have no problem understanding this , if they exercised critical thinking , but they choose not to . 
  why not both ? 
  they build their wall , we build ours . 
  the government will order the supermarkets to lower the prices back . 
  why ? 
  you think you need to be rich to learn to read or something ? 
  wtf , britain !, 
  * eats 2 kilograms of garlic *, 
   also israel maybe some of them buy the story of kiev fascists . 
  i think you 'd be allowed to join . 
  the eu wants to grow and wants more people and gdp . 
  the parliament building should be on top of mont blanc . 
  only those who can make the climb are allowed in . 
  all new laws shall be shouted down from the top of mont blanc . 
  every time a new law is passed , some tax has to be lowered . 
  the new flag of europe shall be a lion and a wolf on top of mont blanc . 
  do they have anything pro-gun , not diverse and not religious ? 
  edit : maybe alaska ? 
  edit 2 : oh wait , i 've heard there are few women in alaska . 
  not alaska then . 
  if they are attracting american companies , then the eu supports it . 
  estonian both as nationality and ethnicity .
