  there are more cultured ways to displaying your art , than illegally painting other people 's property . 
  the problem is that people who ca n't get noticed as legit artists , usually just suck , but ca n't admit it . 
  ok , i 'll bite - why would we want to be a single country ? 
  it fast-tracked him to fame . 
  it should be . 
   donations were around 1.3 million in 2012 , more than half of which came from the state why is our government giving money to a church ? 
  this should be investigated as corruption . 
  ah , ok , i get it - when french citizens die , then it 's preposterous and insulting , but when ukrainians , georgians etc. 
  die , then you do n't care . 
  apparently , he would . 
  stfu !, 
  veerpalu is innocent . 
  the court of arbitration for sport acquitted veerpalu , lifted his doping ban and ordered the fis to pay a part of veerpalu 's court costs . 
  are the french also going to sell weapons to isis ? 
  i thought the percentage of russian estonians has dropped since 2008 , because russians are also emigrating . 
  this is why they voted to stay in the uk - so their fish cartels could rule all of europe . 
  plenty of us here , who do n't care about wealth and luxury . 
   `` the remarks i made were supposed to be lighthearted views , and tongue in cheek . '', 
  dude , just admit you were pissed off and exaggerated , do n't pretend you were joking , when you clearly were n't !, 
  ( i know he wo n't read this . ), 
  hey , at least we still have lots of forests to make up for it , unlike some countries in europe . 
  russia is the biggest country in the world by landmass and one of the less densely populated . 
  surely , if they wanted to save russians , they could just invite them home ? 
  oh yeah , they tried that , but no one was interested . 
  i 'm pretty sure nato could acquire proper winter clothing and equipment . 
  but i agree , nato would have no reason to invade russia . 
  just push them back and blockade . 
  i hope they ban windows . 
  you see , eastern-europe is afraid the same kind of rhetoric would be used if russia invaded now . 
   apart from , you know , declaring war on germany when we were n't ready to fight because we were had promised to defend poland ... bad example - you did n't defend poland against the ussr . 
   work 60 hours per week , with 40 % unemployment well start working 40 hours a week and let the 40 % unemployed have the other 20 hours . 
  problem solved !, 
  the title is strange . 
  did anyone doubt english has european origins ? 
  what other options are there ? 
  i searched that link for `` jihad '' and did n't find anything about the nazis admiring it . 
  i searched that link for `` honorary '' and it only mentioned 1 guy being declared `` honorary aryan '' . 
  nothing about how the nazis considered arabs `` honorary aryans '' . 
   the nazis considered arabs `` honorary aryans '' source ? 
   jihadism was admirable to them source ? 
   thought they were fighting for their race considering how they lost and france now has problems with 3rd world immigrants , jihadists and ethnic rioters , do you think they were right ? 
  yup , that 's what happens when people foolishly believe it 's better to live by some doctrine , instead of their own consciousness . 
  well , technically , if it 's in the british culture to favor islam , then they are still living by british culture . 
  over 10 % of nato 's reserve personnel are estonian . 
  no , it is n't . 
  do n't know - i have n't done any serious research into this . 
  do n't care enough . 
  imagine growing up without a father and then tell us it 's `` not a problem '' . 
  yes , confused me too . 
  if by `` god '' you mean egyptian slave masters . 
   what happened to them to bring them to this state nothing happened to them , they 're just bored spoiled punks playing warrior . 
   you signed an agreement . 
  you lost the referendum . 
  that does n't mean he is n't allowed to express his opinion on anything ever again . 
  taking in syrian refugees is not an eu initiative , is it ? 
  some members are doing it individually . 
  you see honor in murdering others ? 
  if you want to save the world , then do it yourself !, 
  do n't try to drag everyone else down with you !, 
  i often get the feeling that the typical skinhead neo-nazis are only interested in playing nazi warriors and do n't actually care what 's best for their people . 
  try searching for marching songs . 
  even german ww2 march songs are nationalist , but not nazi . 
  the wives just do n't know it yet, 
  there are other rape gangs in europe ? 
  that tyler durden guy from zerohedge is always full of garbage . 
  do n't post his stuff !, 
  maybe should kick out russia as a sanction too . 
  we have something called tv3 + , which is an estonian channel in russian language . 
  not sure what it 's like , since i do n't speak russian and do n't watch it . 
   so are you in favour of estonia leaving the eu ? 
  it 's an insignificant ( much smaller and less important than scotland to the uk ) part of the eu and is heavily dominated by others . 
  you missed my point - no single nationality dominates the eu , same as no single state doimnates the us or germany . 
   it 's the same reason people in bavaria are happy staying german and people in new york are fine remaining american . 
  those are different situations imo . 
  in america or germany , you do n't have one state dominating over others . 
  in the uk , english voters easily outnumber all the other ones combined . 
  or you know , if eating a bowl of cereal makes them fat , then they could just eat half a bowl . 
  or just eating less, 
  this is absurd . 
  why would they vote `` no '' to independence and self-rule !, 
  it would suck ass . 
  i have a very low opinion of russia , russians and russian culture . 
  no way would i want to be part of their shithole federation . 
  that map still does n't make it seem like scotland is anglo-saxon . 
  that would n't fix anything . 
  putin is n't the only crazy one in russian government . 
  i thought it was celtic . 
  dude , fuck off with your apologist crap !, 
  plenty of poor people do n't set cars on fire . 
  lebanon would still be a lot closer by sea , no ? 
  is n't like lebanon or egypt closer ? 
  geographically europe stretches til the urals . 
  so we 're pretty close to the center . 
   reflecting back on the breakup of the soviet union that happened 22 years ago next week , residents in seven out of 11 countries that were part of the union are more likely to believe its collapse harmed their countries than benefited them . 
  only azerbaijanis , kazakhstanis , and turkmens are more likely to see benefit than harm from the breakup . 
  georgians are divided . 
  oh please !, 
  they left out several countries from that poll , which despise the soviet union . 
  no-no-no when the hunter-gatherers came to europe , they met the banker-lawyers and had to become farmers , because they all had invested in real estate and had mortgages to pay for . 
  everyone claims their predictions are `` realistic '' .
