  i 've eaten at mcdonald 's , i 've eaten msg , i 've eaten sugar . 
  yet i 'm not a fat addict . 
  explain that !, 
  meh , whatever , i do n't care much for your backtracking i say arm the kurds , even if it means violating the human rights of isis !, 
  and anyone who agrees , should stfu about human rights . 
   caloric food without fibers and vitamins is the cheapest . 
  so they already have too much calories when they 're sated . 
  then eat less of it . 
   both , addicted because they 're poor . 
  not going to buy that . 
   how do you explain my gun then . 
  you do n't respect human rights , because you bought something designed to violate them . 
  how 's that for an explanation ? 
  tbh , that does depend on what kind of a gun you have . 
  if it 's a hunting rifle for hunting deer , then it 's a tool , not a weapon . 
  it can be used as a weapon though . 
  what 's to clarify ? 
  i said :  i support the idea of giving weapons to kurds and helping iraq fight isis , even if that means the `` right to life '' of isis members wo n't be respected . 
  to which you said :  that 's great so it seems to me you do n't really care about human rights . 
  unless if you deny , that isis members are human . 
  or maybe they 're just complaining about being poor , because they are jealous of the hollywood lifestyle they see on tv . 
   that is kind of tautological . 
  this is what weapons are and do . 
  yes . 
  so if the military does n't want to violate human rights or even threaten to violate human rights , then it should get rid of them . 
   have i said this ? 
  yes , kinda . 
  i said :  i support the idea of giving weapons to kurds and helping iraq fight isis , even if that means the `` right to life '' of isis members wo n't be respected . 
  to which you said :  that 's great, 
   it 's hard to make a healthy meal while shopping in the lower end supermarkets with a limited budget . 
  well maybe you should n't spend that limited budget on buying so much you get fat ? 
   food mostly composed out of sugar and starches is addictive . 
  which is it then ? 
  are they poor or addicted ? 
   weapons also deter and hence are conducive to sustentation of human rights . 
  by threatening to take away or by taking away the human rights of someone ( a terrorist , a dictator , whatever ) . 
   but it does n't . 
  it wants to protect human beings , which isis members happen to be . 
  in this case , it wants to protect isis members . 
   that 's great but this is a separate issue . 
  if human rights do n't matter in one issue , then why should they matter in another ? 
   cheap food is unhealthy . 
  that explains why they buy and eat so much of it , that they become fat . 
  you call me ignorant and then completely ignore most of my post . 
  not all eu countries are saving migrants away from their national waters , but italy is . 
  care to explain or are you going to write an essay on why your favorite word is `` ignorance '' ? 
  i do n't see why i should care for a set of laws , which wants to protect isis . 
  i support the idea of giving weapons to kurds and helping iraq fight isis , even if that means the `` right to life '' of isis members wo n't be respected . 
   `` the pure existence of weaponry leads to human rights violations by fiat '' is an axiom i do n't share with you . 
  it 's more like `` weapons are used to violate human rights or to threaten to violate human rights '' and therefore there 's no point in spending money to maintain them , if your society wants to respect human rights . 
   thoughtless disarmament would lead to even greater violations of human rights no-no-no now you 're think in terms of what 's practical , not what 's in accordance with human rights . 
  true . 
  and if those human beings happen to be terrorists , then they support terrorists . 
  i love how you went from `` we will not stoop to their level '' to `` well sometimes ... it 's an ideal '' . 
  fact is , you ca n't deny that human rights are being ignored all the time , including in europe . 
  another cheerleader shows up . 
  - . - human rights are ignored all the time , because they are unrealistic . 
  `` freedom of movement '' is a human right , yet we have prisons . 
  `` right to life '' is a human right , yet in many societies it 's acceptable to kill in self-defense . 
  `` freedom of speech '' is a human right , yet there are countries in europe where nazi rhetoric and `` hate speech '' are punished . 
   that statement only falls apart when it 's literally impossible to do what it says . 
  bs , people are put into prison all the time and thus having their `` freedom of movement '' right violated , when it 's completely possible to leave them in freedom . 
  same goes for the `` freedom of speech '' example i brought earlier . 
  i 'm talking about people who go to countries like syria or iraq and then come back . 
  they are not all terrorists , and you want to treat them like they are . 
  oh , we were talking of travelers , not isis members . 
  i agree with you in that case . 
   `` if no perect x , then let 's try better in favour of x. '', 
  so you support closing prisons , because they violate the human right `` freedom of movement '' ? 
  ( for example ), 
  so you do n't deny that human rights are being ignored all the time , including in europe ? 
   i 'm almost wanting to demolish all of your examples , but i 'll limit myself just two things : first , learn what the castle doctrine is i know what the castle doctrine is , you do n't . 
  the castle doctrine has nothing to do with human rights ( except for justifying violating the `` right to life '' ) . 
  even in that wikipedia article , it only lists a few countries as having it . 
   `` freedom of speech '' does not imply freedom from the consequences of that speech . 
  in fact , it never has . 
  then it 's not really `` freedom of speech '' . 
  that 's like telling a slave he has the freedom to do whatever he wants , but if he does n't work , then there will be `` consequences '' . 
   there are some rights that trump others :     my right to life trumps yours if you 're trying to kill me     my right to be safe trumps a criminals right to freedom     my right not to be discriminated against trumps your right to freedom of speech ( sometimes not , but you get the picture ) so you agree that making absolute statements like `` everyone 's human rights should be respected '' or similar contribute 0 to the conversation ? 
    in this situation , i do n't think we need to violate human rights to get those isis fighters . 
  if we know that they are involved with terrorism , we lock them up . 
  no need to discriminate against an entire group of people just to get some of them . 
  you 're talking of isis as if they are some sort of ethnic group . 
  they know what they sign up for . 
  if an enemy army invades and you only shoot those enemy soldiers , who 've shot at you , then you 'll just get shot . 
  so ... you do n't have a source . 
  the way i see it , not all eu countries are saving migrants away from their national waters , but italy is . 
  lol , the irony . 
  alex jones is n't the one talking about reptilian aliens , that 's david icke . 
  you 're the condescending one . 
  is that you alex jones ? 
  if you want to believe that america is about to hit the bucket , then go ahead . 
   it 's 50 % of the us population now . 
  dude , africa is poor . 
  50 % of americans are just jealous they ca n't buy a new car every month . 
   plus add on top food stamp cuts ( what do you think those were used to buy ? ), 
  most of america is overweight . 
   automatization this is n't something new . 
  when henry ford started mass-producing the fordson tractor , millions of american farmers became unemployed . 
  it 's almost 100 years since then and america has n't collapsed .
