ungary offcourse . 
  no , you detain them until they leave . 
  as of now they are exploiting old and not up to speed laws . 
  expelled immigrants wandering around as they please has shown to be a security risk . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're basicly saying `` it 's ok because they are on my side of the political spectrum '' . 
  exactly the reasoning that has brought fox news to where it is today and the attitude that corrodes away press ethics and with that the publics diminishing respect for the established media . 
  so , media agencies like for example fox news are dicks for being politically biased to the right , but you see nothing wrong with their journalism otherwise ? 
  i agree 100 % that making some opinions a crime is horrible and in my opinion one of the early signs of totalitarism . 
  i do n't think we disagree fundamentally , more on the ideas on what are the duties of professional journalism . 
  i think you 're cutting them too much slack . 
  if held to higher standards they could be a lot better and in this context , more balanced than what we 're currently getting from most news sources . 
  you still do n't seem to understand my first point about a media that only reports one side of the story . 
  the case with nrk showing a strong political bias and telling a story that is more fiction than reality is bad for any seemingly professional news agency . 
  the point i made about nrk is that so to say all adult norwegians has to pay for it . 
  yet it 's reporting has shown several times to have a bias strongly to the left in many cases . 
  that is a major ethical problem in my eyes . 
  by `` not allowed strong political bias '' i do n't talk about a censoring burau or anything crazy . 
  i 'm talking about journalists and editors who ca n't report the news without a strong political bias should find work elsewhere . 
  hell , you can still be really politically biased and get away with it , but when you are caught fabricating stories you should be fired , even without political bias that is a deadly sin among journalists . 
  or , it used to be atleast . 
   so they made wrong assumptions about a gypsy and now they should not be allowed to ... do you realize how this is deep in dangerous territory again ? 
  `` wrong assumptions '' ? 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  they knew very well why the roma woman was in jail , yet they excluded that from the story . 
  that is lying . 
  that is doctoring a story . 
  that is not just wrong assumptions . 
  i can understand that regular news agencies does clickbait , sensational headlines and half-truths to get ad revenue etc. 
  nrk is paid for by the people and should not need such bottomfeeder reporting . 
  they should actually be held to a higher standard . 
  we have several other news agencies here . 
  one is klassekampen . 
  it is a far left newspaper and it 's really good . 
  they have journalistic integrity . 
  do they have a bias ? 
  yes , definately , but they do n't get caught lying to further their political view . 
  there is a big difference here . 
  they have the freedom to print whatever they like . 
  yet , if they for example only print stories about how terrible refugees are , what does that make them ? 
  it 's a double-edge sword . 
  you seem to love the idea of a media that conforms to the narrative fitting your political view . 
  true objective reporting is impossible as the job is done by people and decisions are made on what to report on and what angles to use . 
  yet , it is bad journalism when you let political bias influence the reporting to the point where there is not even attempts made to keep it objective . 
  the norwegian broadcasting channel ( nrk ) had a story a few years ago where they told a story about a poor roma woman who were harassed and jailed by norwegian police for no reason . 
  the implication was quite clear , the police were acting racist and went after this poor woman with no cause . 
  later it turned out that this was total bullshit . 
  this woman had sold her underage daughter into prostitution and that was why she was jailed . 
  the nrk journalist admitted to actually knowing this , but `` it did not fit the narrative we were telling '' ... 
  please note that nrk is the national broadcasting service , if you own a tv you automaticly get a bill in the mail . 
  so , it should be held to a higher standard than fox news and such , as it is paid for by the people and should not be allowed to have strong political bias . 
  so , yes they are free to print and say what they like if they are independent . 
  if they use that freedom to present slanted reports that does not give the most correct impression to the reader/viewer , they are doing a bad job . 
  many countries mark heroin overdose down to suffocation and such . 
  that was atleast what i learned on a seminar in 2004 held a police captain that had tons of experience and knowledge on the matter . 
  funny how they have come full circle and are now the ones using race etc to discriminate . 
  i totally agree on libya . 
  that was hugely hillary clintons retarded brainchild . 
  by then they should have known that disposing of a dictator like qadaffi in a relatively stable country was a bad idea . 
  yet it was done . 
  and they started again in syria and would have done away with assad if not for russia . 
  you have to wonder what kind of people pull the strings in the west these days . 
  yeah , only it has turned out that they are impossible to return once taken ashore in europe . 
  when you exploit something , the common way of dealing with it is that the people exploiting will no longer get the same treatment . 
  if eu had been tough from the start , thousands of immigrants would not have drowned every year . 
  arrest the ships that works as ferries as of now . 
  dont have to sink any ships , but you dont have to let them reach italian soil or help them if they sink their vessel . 
  the flow would stop in a few weeks . 
  i suggest getting hold of some histamins and take those . 
  we prefer to buy spain bit for bit . 
  shorter travel . 
  seems pretty much how it goes in all countries these days . 
  very valid point . 
  also i find it troublesome that one or more countries can totally fail at their duty to protect it 's borders and suddenly it 's everyones problem . 
  just as it 's problematic when one country fucks up it 's economy . 
  and we 've seen what happens in the eu then . 
  hitler was democratically elected for one . 
  mugabe too . 
  erdogan was elected . 
  good for you on having a government who actually put the nations people first . 
  seems not to be much of that going around lately . 
  the total failure to secure outer borders in the eu is bad enough . 
  this is perfect to show more people how god awful the idea of surrendering sovereignty to a bunch of foreign bureaucrats who does not give two shits about the burden they put on other countries . 
  we all should remember the financial crisis and how the whole euro almost crashed and burned . 
  it was saved by huge bailout by the functioning eu countries . 
  everyone and their old mum should by this point be very sceptical about the eu . 
  australia had this problem , and by necessity they adopted a hard line where they towed boats back and expelled everyone who tried . 
  it works . 
  this is where most of the governments in europe fail totally these days . 
  they do n't understand that by being `` nice '' they not only cause major problems in the whole of eu , but they actually make more people drown . 
  just bear with me on this one . 
  if the first overcrowded boat full of immigrants had been towed back , turned , or even not helped when capsized . 
  where would we be today ? 
  maybe a few more boats would have tried . 
  maybe a few hundred people would have drowned . 
  instead , some are given asylum and basicly the signal have been that you might get what you come for and you probably wont drown . 
  we now ended up with thousands of drowned each year and an impossible migrant situation . 
  do n't forget the time st\u00f8re wanted to restrict freedom of speech to appease potential terrorists . 
  it 's not a no-go zone . 
  but i wouldnt want to be a drunk girl in a miniskirt walking home in the middle of the night there . 
  https://www.nrk.no/ostlandssendingen/mohammed-vanligste-navn-i-oslo-1.11898780 may need to run it through google translate
