  but it 's really ironic how many people are openly racist now and claim they 're being silenced . 
   police and media ** have been accused ** and after that please read up on who are the accusers . 
  hans-peter friedrich ( whose name is also misspelled in the article ) was the former secretary of the interior ( and thus head of the federal police ) who resigned because during this time he leaked information on an investigation on another politician ( sebastian edathy ) because of child pornography , which lead to edathy being warned , and * surprisingly * when the police finally searched his crap all his hard-drives were wiped and * incidentally * his laptop just got stolen . 
  but he 's also member of the csu which keeps going on about building fences and closing borders all the fucking time . 
  but then there 's also the afd and other right-wingers who make the same accusations - big surprise !, 
  how about your find a source on  hundreds of women are sexually assaulted and not one arrest made because the police fear the label of racist . 
  our police is incompetent in many ways . 
  that 's not racism . 
  maybe should read up on what a union does ? 
  the police shot and killed 7 people in 2014 . 
  there 's just no other way in which to respond to this nonsense . 
  it 's all assumptions , ignoring conflicting reports and actionism . 
  and why did they claims so ? 
  because they say they 're underfunded and want more money . 
  a big surprise for a union , which is also in no way the official representative of the police in cologne or the federal police . 
  this quote keeps getting tossed around , and every time you people ( purposely ? ), 
  omit the paragraph * right afterwards * :  however , there was no official confirmation that asylum seekers had been involved in the violence . 
  commentators in germany were quick to urge people not to jump to conclusions . 
   it 's sad and frustrating to see that we are n't allowed to discuss openly subjects deemed `` sensible '' by the dear leaders but / r/europe is full with this shit . 
  ** the elite above does n't want us to speak about the truth , hurrdurr . 
  ** you 're about one step away from the chemtrails - or 9/11-truth-nutjobs who make the same idiotic claims . 
  yeah that really improved the security in london . 
  now you get footage of terrorists or murders after they committed their crimes . 
  yay !, 
  yeah in the good ` ol states they would 've at least shot a black guy by now !, 
  you 're projecting - i 'm simply responding the way many other germany , and in fact other europeans , have responded before , when the deficit in countries like italy or greece was the priority issue . 
  i have to admit though : italy is not taking so much out of the eu structural funds anymore , since oh boo , several local italian administrations have been banned from the use of this money , since apparently they do n't follow the eu laws in that regard ( margin of error : 59 % - so 59 % of the projects that got funded were actually not entitled to the money ) . 
   not to mention that germany has been actually benefitting from the existence of weaker countries in the eu a better of country with an overall better quality of life benefits and coexists with one that has an overall lower quality of life ? 
  that works ? 
  and at the same time we ca n't take in refugees that we are required to take in by our own laws ? 
  we can take in masses of uneducated and poor people along with well educated and prosperous people from within the eu right where the border ends , but ca n't do the same with a bunch of people who are on the other side of the border and who are entitled to ? 
  or playing the devils advocate here : if we change our laws ( assuming that is legally possible ) to stop admitting asylum-seekers , what keeps any prosperous country within the eu from changing the laws to stop poor , jobless eu citizens from other eu states to come in ? 
   now , pray tell , how does the fact that italy 's got large internal unemployment related to the topic at hand - which is that 90 % of your sweet refugees are gon na be unemployed or unemployable for quite some time ? 
  have a look at berlin : it 's full of unemployed italian , spanish and greek `` artists '' , doing juggling at junctions or making cool jewelry at mauerpark flea-market . 
  after half a year of being here they are entitled to welfare . 
  i have no problem with it per se , but explain to me how they can come in legally , but refugees who are entitled to as well ca n't . 
  is it * because * merkel never had oral sex with a pig ? 
  we 're just jealous because their leader had oral sex with a pig . 
  ah , so hitler and putin were selected for good reasons ? 
   greenpeace , an activist group committing illegal activities yeah and jaywalking is illegal in several countries as well . 
  is a social democrat who 's jaywalking also an extremist ? 
  and you guys in poland keep voting right & nationalist , as it does n't matter and you will still stay in the eu , since your the country that receives the most subsidies of all other eu countries . 
  so 999999 would be okay ? 
  you did the math , yes ? 
  or would you suggest another number ? 
  that is a well educated person from the czech republic . 
  probably a doctor or an engineer . 
   what i meant to say is that the fact that syrians are marginally more educated than afghans does n't mean too much for us ( meaning europeans ) - we 'll still have to subsidise these refugees/migrants/whathaveyou for years we also have to subsidize fucking italy , a country which is supposed to be a first world country , but is overwhelmed by corruption and of course its own trash . 
  so when you say `` your way of life '' what are you referring to ? 
  the money germany , france et al. 
  are pouring into italy ? 
  if you want to apply darwinism onto the eu , do n't forget to remove all weak parts . 
   but there are definitely problems with the idea of large numbers of people being unemployable for an extended period of time you mean that will be a problem , because countries like italy ca n't even put enough of their own people into labour ? 
   especially in technical apprenticeships you need a very good understanding of math , need to be able to understand difficult texts , need a good understanding of physics , etc. 
  i did one in it ( after studying computer science for 2 semesters ) and understanding binary ( which i learned in 6th grade ) is about as hard as it got . 
  but enough people never saw it before and learned it all right . 
  maybe you 're struggling with things you have n't learned before , but if you put in an effort you should be able to manage it . 
  as a german i can only congratulate you on your plan to ban a religion !, 
  / s by the way : basically banning a religious group really worked well in egypt with the muslim brotherhood , right ? 
  no , he 's obviously suggesting that christianity and hinduism have the same problem . 
  well technically they can issue a special permit at will , and it can fly , but the thing is , it 's officially not in compliance with official rules - so if it were a commercial aircraft it would not be allowed to fly . 
  now you can imagine the shitstorm that would follow if it were to crash over european airspace , and kill people . 
  fun fact : the eurohawk is a variation of the northrop grumman rq-4 global hawk , so technically we bought it from you guys - but i 'm not even blaming northrop grumman for this disaster , i 'm blaming our own military and politicians for buying it . 
  another fun fact : the guy who was minister of defense during this time later claimed that he did n't know about it , and that his subordinates simply did n't tell him . 
  you would think a boss who does n't know what his subordinates do is incompetent , right ? 
  maybe he is , but he moved on , and now he 's minister of the interior . 
  a few weeks ago when a soccer game was canceled because intelligence apparently had info on a possible terrorist thread he claimed that he can not tell the public what happened because it could unsettle people . 
   we do n't like armed drones because ... drones are evil . 
  that they would do significantly less damage than tornados dropping 500lb jdams is n't obvious ? 
  seriously ? 
  look at how much we have spent on that abomination called eurohawk , and it ca n't even legally fly through our own airspace . 
  we do n't have no drones because we are against it , we have no drones because the defense ministy 's and the bundeswehr 's incompetence . 
   and some naive idiots who think that every foreigner is the same and should simply be allowed to live in any country of their own choice without any obligations . 
  why does everyone in / r/europe have such problems understanding what a refugee is ? 
  exactly - but it 's / r/europe after all , so an `` import stop on immigrants '' is the only thing that counts . 
   means we can not attack someone because we do n't like them , for example like the us did in iraq . 
  and we ca n't attack someone preemptively - e.g. 
  attack a country first when we think they might attack us . 
   bombing syria would probably be legal since it 's not attacking syrian forces , so it 's not attacking syria but more helping syria . 
  as far as i know german planes will only be used for reconnaissance - as how far things like e.g. 
  marking valuable targets counts as attacking themselves people seem to have a problem agreeing on , since back in the second gulf war german intelligence actively passed on targets to the coalition forces , while at the same time claiming that germany was in no way involved with the war . 
  you 're right !, 
  i missed the ` coming ' in the headline of the site . 
  sorry for that !, 
  you know our military is a disgrace , but i do n't see how i should care about it , except for complaining about the waste of tax-money . 
  ca n't tell if serious . 
  well it 's still being used when children go missing - they have these infrared cameras to look for them in the woods and stuff ... 
   germany only borders other nato countries ( apart from the swiss ) , and does not have any interests outside europe but we were told by our government that our freedom is defended on the hindu kush ...  germany 's political culture is relatively pacifist . 
  the politicians are not expected to take part in major foreign ventures , and the military is not a priority for voting citizens . 
  officially germany is not even allowed to participate in any war , except if it defends itself , or it 's nato allies , when they 're being attacked . 
  i love your whole submission . 
  gold level right here :  * the new requirements are a reaction to an anticipated flood of applications from refugees  * applicant 's arriving family members may also be required to speak finnish  * `` it 's highly unlikely that this would end up in the regulations , ''  * the proposed measures are just that -- proposals up for consideration . 
  no decisions have yet been made . 
  ~ ~ and my favorite here :  * finland : stricter requirements for family reunification coming so the legislation that you are referring to as `` it 's coming '' is maybe not coming , and maybe not like this . ~ ~ can a mod flair this accordingly please ? 
  edit : title is the same as the article . 
  so the site is the one misleading the reader . 
  sorry for that !, 
   but what genuine refugee is going to have time to learn finnish while claiming asylum ? 
  do you really think that people care about this ? 
  the same people that complain about a certain kind of foreigner today , will complain about the next kind tomorrow .
