  if you have a problem with it , deal with it . 
  it becomes a trend , of people ignore shit like that . 
  you 've mixed up food and water with tear-gas and batons . 
   so it 's okay to just invite everyone out of blue to europe in your name last time i checked refugees and invited guests are not the same . 
   and then sanction those who just dont know what the fuck happened yeah war happened , and european law guarantees these people to apply for asylum , and i think it should be a given that these applications are judged by the situation of the refugees , not by the financial interests of the country they 're applying in . 
   accepting all decisions you made up in no-time til [ unhcr refugee convention ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) was made up recently by germany . 
   even if refugees themselves dont want to do n't want to what ? 
  be treated with respect , or given basic medical treatment or food ? 
  really edgy there , edgelord . 
  your parents never allowed you to have that hamster you always wanted , right ? 
  fuck the establishment !, 
  yeah the one that we bought that is n't even allowed to fly over germany is my favorite so far . 
   the german anti-fascists are the new fascists . 
  i see `` fuck nazis '' and `` crush fascism '' sprayed on walls in germany , but when i think about it , these people are n't talking about real nazis or fascists . 
  they are really saying `` fuck nationalism '' , `` crush hate-speech '' . 
  what is your point ? 
  do n't you think there 's a connection ? 
   and by the way , yesterday i noticed a muslim spitting on a jew who was walking by . 
  is this some new german trend ? 
  you knew he was muslim ? 
  you `` noticed '' it ? 
  like saw it , as in not stepping in and/or calling the police ? 
  people often do n't help when others are attacked , but that is hardly ( and sadly ) not a new trend . 
   no , eastern european countries do n't want to take these refugees because they do n't think they 're capable of properly integrating them into their local societies . 
  apart from the fact that this is about giving refugees basic support , not letting them immigrate , i doubt it would be a matter of `` being capable '' but wanting to . 
  let 's not forget eurohawk either ... 
   nope . 
  the money would have been used to pay government debt . 
  mwhaha yeah right . 
  all of it , right ? 
  so i heard bundeswehr got screwed over by heckler and koch * again * and they 're buying faulty rifles for millions * again * . 
  plus they 're looking for a new drone to play with . 
  there 's so much money being thrown out of the window , but when it 's used to help people in need , it should 've been used to pay back debt instead . 
  humanistic bros - giving europe it 's heart back . 
  yeah , let 's ignore human rights , if it fits us . 
  maybe germany is done with nationalism now . 
  other countries not so much . 
   what about the opinions of the citizens ? 
  you know if we would follow the opinions of all citizens directly none of the countries that pay more into eu funds than they receive would do so anymore . 
  so no more structural funds , no more subsidies for agriculture - so basically ( almost ) every country that is not exporting expensive goods is basically fucked . 
  surprisingly poland is the country that is receiving the most from these funds from 2014 until 2020 , which is a total of 105,8 billion euro which is made up of 28,5 billion euro subsidies for agriculture and whopping 105,8 billion euro because of the european coherence policy for development - that is money that `` structurally weak '' regions get , simply because they 're underdeveloped . 
  and it 's being paid for by structurally strong regions . 
  so the purport from the country that is among the ones taking the least refugees while accepting the largest sums of money is : no refugees , because they 're too expensive ? 
  personally i have to say : i 'm very much in favor of the strong helping the weak ( become strong themselves ) , but i do n't see how the weak get to complain about other weak being helped as well , especially when it 's not about farmers keeping their jobs , but people fleeing from their homes because of war . 
   not really . 
  we just know that letting millions of muslims into europe will affect our secular and/or christian values . 
   muh `` christian '' values . 
   do n't let others enter , it might lower our living standards . 
  i keep seeing people referring to christian culture/values . 
  how can you people call yourself christian and act like you do . 
  call yourself `` western '' or whatever , but if you have n't been aware of it yet : jesus was the dude that was in favor of giving up yourself to help others , not the dude who was like `` i ca n't save everyone , so my followers do n't have to either '' . 
  and i thought pork was going to be mandatory ... 
  i wonder how long it takes for him to block youtube in turkey now ... 
   that part of the world turkey is not in the middle east , if you 're trying to say that . 
  who 's gon na do that . 
  after he `` won '' over the military , that always loomed over him , and threatened to start a coup if he kept going on , like he eventually did , there 's nobody to stop him legally . 
  he 's got the justice system un his hands . 
  criticizing him is rated as insulting him , which is illegal and gets you into jail . 
  i honestly do n't see how any prosecutor would go up against that . 
   i do play games but most of my knowledge is based on studying and reading science books/articles . 
  maybe it 's the lack of the latter that leads to the lack of basic knowledge ? 
  and in that you take pride . 
  apart from the fact that rockets were also invented in china ( first rocket launch happened in 1232 ) , do you believe that rockets were invented from scratch ? 
  have you never played civilization ? 
  do you not see how one inventions builds upon another ? 
  and then tell me how many of the things you quoted could have been invented with the roman numeral system . 
  yeah , that sure is n't a na\u00efve fallacy . 
  and with the same line of thought you could ask yourself if there were electricity , phones , internet , rails , cars , airplanes , vaccines , or antibiotics without the modern number system . 
  or where would you treat people with antibiotics if there were no hospitals . 
  what about modern surgery . 
  edit : by the way , the first time humans used vaccines was in 10th century china , and electricity was just as much invented as gravity . 
  because civilization can not exist outside ` the west ' or its influence ? 
   i am tired of people * queue in sad violin music *  and i am tired of those who tolerate cultures that do not seed tolerance . 
  you not being tolerant totally surprises me !, 
   most countries in this world have a dominant culture , which applies to the majority of the inhabitants of that country . 
  no , and you can not define this culture , even when i will ask you . 
  there 's things like ethnicity and language , but claiming e.g. 
  rape/or not is part or not of a culture is ... not so smart . 
  i 'm saying that nationality/equality does not equal culture . 
   you can still technically be austrian and have a different culture to the majority of austrians . 
  implying that the there is such a thing as a `` culture of the majority '' . 
   but you should at least be able to understand that luckily not everyone is like you , right ? 
  sometimes luck is tough . 
  but on the other hand ... at least i 'm no pole . . ? 
  i bet they were n't aryans !, 
  hold on !, 
  you 're from romania ? 
  i hope you 're no gypsie , since this is a masterrace \u2122 thread !, 
  yeah fucking economical immigrants first grope `` our '' women , and than steal our money by tax evasion !, 
  he simply applied the ' [ true / r/europe ~ ~ an ~ ~ color scale \u2122 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ishwywl.jpg ) ' !, 
  he 's trying to say ` true austrian ' = ` arian ' . 
   it is unclear how many of the growing number of sex attacks can be blamed on foreigners . 
  the statistics show that in january there were 343 complaints about sex-related incidents . 
  in 175 cases , austrians are under suspicion . 
  a further 25 have involved concrete charges being made against asylum seekers . 
  another 43 involve foreigners from other parts of the world including turkey , macedonia and germany . 
  there was no information about the 100 remaining sex attacks included in the report . 
   of the sex attacks , 61 were rapes , in which 38 cases austrians are suspected of being the attackers . 
  six are suspected of being asylum seekers , including two from syria and one from iraq . 
  the ages of those accused range from 11 through to 82 .
