  and she 's clearly a gold-digger , coming for the riches !, 
  how is that a problem ? 
  you 're trying to make it look like they 're well of in e.g. 
  hungary and they would live like a bee in clover would they arrive in germany/sweden/other countries who treat them reasonably . 
  edit : to clarify : how is the * wish * to gain adequate benefits a problem ? 
  what other side of this story are you expecting ? 
  the girl attacked the camera operator ? 
  immigrants beating up a german boy is clearly not the other side of this story . 
  i also have the feeling that you 're greatly underestimating the number of asshats . 
  second 4 she kicks a girl in the shin . 
   there are countries where you are obligated by law , if you witness a crime to try and stop it . 
  yeah and when you hurt a suspect without the necessity you get sued . 
  for every german boy beat up by migrants , one hungarian camera operator may kick a child ? 
  at second 4 she kicks a girl in the shin and at second 14 she trips the guy who carries his child up . 
  i do n't see a point here . 
  are you claiming they are all coming for dental care ? 
   and so are okay with letting in random people who claim they are refugees , into europe , without requiring them to do some sort of identification or paperwork . 
  why do you have so much of a problem with following laws and regulations yourself . 
  there 's international refugee legislation \\ ( [ unhcr refugee convention ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49da0e466.html ) \\ ) as well as european legislation \\ ( [ common european asylum system ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/asylum/index_en.htm ) \\ ) that guarantees this rights . 
  depending on your country there might even be further laws regulating this . 
  how are you expecting people who flee from war to have all their paperwork with them ? 
  i also do n't understand where you get the idea from that applications for asylum require no paperwork . 
   you 're also good at giving unsourced shitty photos which are ambiguous . 
  the picture looks like it was done during the hungary-romania football match , our police do n't wear full riot geqar when protecting these migrants . 
  oh yeah , i 'm really sorry . 
  in case this was made at a football match - makes perfect sense . 
  we undress the hooligans in germany as well . 
  as for no source : try to source a few of your vague claims . 
   the hungarian police do n't know how to deal with a swarm of muslim migrants which is relevant why ? 
  they do n't know what to give them because they do n't eat pork ? 
  or they do n't know how to deal with people who are `` suddenly '' praying ? 
   all over the place right . 
   and i can see what your political stance is if you think hungary under orb\u00e1n is heading towards an authoriter police state . 
  yeah introducing nmhh to control all media in the country and fine them if their journalism is not `` balanced '' - which of course is defined as nmhh wants to define it . 
  at the same time protection of ( confidential ) sources was abolished and nmhh can investigate within all media ( in `` other '' democratic countries police need a search warrant from a judge to do this ) . 
  clearly very democratic !, 
   i hate to break it to you , no matter what your liberal papers wrote , hungary is still a democratic state no , do n't worry . 
  for a long time us germans favored strong leaders who were also democratically elected . 
   i do n't feel like orb\u00e1n is like putin ( or hitler for that matter ) so putin or hitler are the benchmark ? 
  so as long as someone is not as bad as putin or hitler it 's all cool ? 
   but calling him a dictator makes me chuckle sorry i missed the part where i called him a dictator . 
  stop projecting . 
  edit : hold on . 
  i think i forgot to write about the part where orb\u00e1n talked about the hungarian race being in danger , and how the shrinking birthrates of roma are a success ... ? 
  how come if those camps are so nice and friendly police is allowing neither aid agencies nor journalists to enter ? 
   a large chunk can you possibly be more vague about this please ? 
  also : [ citation needed ], 
  is this the same kind of ` lawful evil ' that would justify e.g. 
  soldiers shooting at east germans trying to cross the border to the west ? 
   anyone anyone is allowed to ask for refuge within the eu ** by law ** . 
  like it or not . 
  that does not mean anyone is granted . 
   without asking anything where are you getting that from ? 
  usually while being registered refugees are being asked quite a few things . 
  maybe asking questions is not a thing of the hungarian police ? 
   i refuse to give up my culture , traditions and secular values in exchange for islam . 
  nobody is asking that of you . 
   and thus if i were in a majority islamic country i would be executed for rejection of their faith . 
  which has what to do with your point ? 
   that is why it is dangerous to allow europe to become a majority islamic region . 
  which is not happening . 
  and your connection between a supposed `` islamisation '' of europe and world war ii is so ... incredibly outlandish i can hardly answer to that . 
  this is such crazy talk ... do you really think there is an islamic secret agenda to infiltrate europe , and all these refugees that are fleeing from the terror are really just sleeper agents ? 
   tear gas ? 
  because police is n't allowed to use them in case of emergency ? 
  who said so ? 
   apparently you think humanitarian concerns trumps law , right ? 
  never said that . 
   because they are apparently so tired of being in a safe camp with basic provisions ( i.e. 
  a refugee shelter ) [ citation needed ]  what should police do ? 
  make them fall asleep with an arabic lullaby ? 
  i 'm not sure , but there are plenty of countries that took in more refugees and they managed it somehow . 
  maybe hungarian police needs better police academies ? 
   so far there were no cases of police brutality in hungary , they used limited force when it was necessary . 
  yeah , sure . 
  [ what case of emergency requires subdued refugees to be undressed again ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fjarryw.jpg )  you think the police would risk making hungary look like the new nazi state of europe ? 
  mwahaha , you 're acting like hungary looking like the new nazi state of europe was a recent thing ? 
   meanwhile , let 's ask what the greek , macedonian , bulgarian or serbian auhorities did in summary ... oh yeah , i bet hungarian police committed so many attrocities against innocent refugees !, 
  so other countries mistreatment of refugees makes hungary look better how again ? 
  those people do n't want to stay anyways , so why treat them with respect and dignity ? 
  they might end up wanting to stay after all . 
  how dare these people expect to be treated like human beings ? 
  i my opinion , i do n't know enough of the situation to be able to judge either the police or the refugees . 
  and in my opinion neither can you , especially based on videos that are obviously uploaded to create an atmosphere ( be it disgust or compassion ) . 
  til following international refugee law , and eu refugee law is ` xenophilia ' . 
   only 5 % of refugees in sweden are refugees by un standards . 
  according to whom ? 
  sadly these standards are interpreted in very different ways , depending on who is doing the interpretation . 
   * they are outside their country of origin or outside the country of their former habitual residence ;  * they are unable or unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted ;  * and the persecution feared is based on at least one of five grounds : race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group , or political opinion . 
  okay , [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/wap-ttwegfw ) . 
  by the way , i do n't think very highly of rt , but you seem to think that the truth lies in videos , so here you go . 
  wait . 
  the hungarian police uploads videos of them being nice ? 
  and they 're not uploading videos of them beating up refugees ? 
  because they do n't exist ? 
  what are you trying to prove with that video now ? 
  you want me to post one where the police is beating up people ? 
  note : i 'm saying all hungarian cops are fascist , racist , xenophobic and bad as much as you 're saying that all refugees worthless , uneducated and parasites . 
  not ignore it ?
