  and then there is borders where you have a hard time handing in an application without reaching through barbwire . 
   dozens of safe countries please make a list of those `` dozens of safe countries '' . 
  unless that route goes in circles i doubt it exists . 
  also remember that these countries have to be safe by eu definition , not safe as defined by / r/europe . 
  these countries are neither part of the eu , nor are they defined as safe countries by eu law . 
  at the same time the refugees could ' t even apply for asylum in hungary if they wanted , because fence , teargas and batons . 
  you think the oppression of the free press in hungary is made up ? 
  the kids were throwing rocks and storming fences ? 
  and unlike the `` world media '' you clearly do n't follow an agenda , right ? 
  so why do you present it as `` australian media '' ? 
  so what other half justifies that children , women and old people are attacked with teargas ? 
  how many misbehaving adult males does it take to justify gassing everyone ? 
  well they shot the canisters into the crowd . 
  did they think teargas only hurts `` the bad guys '' ? 
   example goes without quotation marks , unless you 're trying to be passive-aggressive . 
  in that case , it also goes without quotation marks , because we 're not five . 
  you mean passive-aggressive like someone who condescending like you ? 
  do you want me to correct your grammar as well ? 
  it 's not confusing , it 's confused . 
  it 's giving me the impression that you were high on something , and i imagined a character like tweak or jessie from bb typing it while he was high on meth - the impression that you 're confused . 
   it is the first world countries in general ( and america in particular ) fault that the situation has reached this point . 
  they doing amends is not charity , is owning up ( well , not completely , but it is something ) and then you bring up the totally plausible example of my friends being trapped in my house ? 
  they 're in my house , but it 's locked ? 
  why ca n't i unlock it ? 
  where are my keys ? 
  it 's my house after all ? 
  and where am i ? 
  it 's my house , but am i inside ? 
  if yes : am i starving as well ? 
  if no : why are there people trapped in my house ? 
  and since they 're starving they must 've been there for quite a while , since it takes about a month for people to starve . 
  why have n't i noticed that earlier ? 
  and i can only open the door and windows a tiny little bit ? 
  why ? 
  what the fuck is going on in my house . 
  honestly i doubt this whole situation would happen without my knowledge - which makes me a sadist ( and possibly a wannabe serial killer ) - or some mastermind jigsaw-style killer behind it all . 
  do you really think that is a plausible example ? 
  we 're not five , but you 're story sounds like a five-year-old is trying to retell a movie he saw on tv . 
  so who picks what crimes someone is send back for ? 
  you ? 
  i also was not aware of the fact that pedophilia was illegal - who prosecutes it ? 
  the thought police ? 
  do n't mind the downvotes - / r/europe does n't like human rights . 
   solidarity only matters in eu when it benefits the older and wealthier states . 
  you do n't think the same states ( in eastern europe ) who reject a quota for refugees profited from the union ? 
  really ? 
  but do n't forget that the right to request asylum is guaranteed by eu law and building a fence to bar people from making use of that right is kind of the opposite . 
  i annexed nobody , but aside of that : nazis should 've stuck to killing all german jews , and everything would 've been `` okay '' ? 
  while there were witch-hunts through all christian confessions i wonder what makes you think that the reformation caused this ? 
  after all the malleus maleficarum was written in 1487 - way before the beginning of the reformation . 
   so it 's not that easy to reform islam as it was possible for christianity or judaism . 
  how is/was it easier for christians/jews ? 
  apart from the fact that there are still enough orthodox or extremist christians/jews who think of the bible/tanakh is the literal word of god , there are also enough questionable passages in there - killing gays , people who cut their hair or eat shellfish . 
  it 's not a question of * your personal holy scripture * containing enough loopholes for you to live a `` normal '' modern life , it 's about accepting the fact that these scriptures are written by man and this is important for all religion , not just islam . 
  and it 's my belief that any decent human can learn to accept that , and that every asshole who profits from the literal exegesis of scripture will keep doing that , no matter what happens . 
  not because his scripture is designed to only be read literally , but because he/she is an asshole . 
  it 's just a matter of reforms and time . 
  and i highly doubt that telling someone that their religion is shit will help anyone , no matter what the intention is . 
  ( i also think that it would n't matter if an religious asshole turned into an atheist asshole , but that is another story , i guess . ), 
   so where was the pitty and the donations for turkey and jordan when millions of refugees fled there ? 
  where was the support for greece when they were overwhelmed ? 
  wow wow mr. edgelord !, 
  do n't cut yourself with the bitterness society caused you !, 
   i would actually consider a military intervenition if the plan would be good and most importantly : it would tackle the problem at the source . 
  you think there is a source you can `` tackle '' physically ? 
   that means an intervenition in saudi arabia that takes down this slavedriving , terrorist financing shithole . 
  yeah , i bet destabilizing * another * country in the middle-east is surely going to work . 
   that wouldnt just help syria , it would help stabilising other middle eastern nations too . 
  yeah i bet is would just stop killing people if saudi arabia would plunge into chaos . 
  and they would probably return all the weapons they stole from the iraqi miltary plus the 1000 humvees they stole . 
  of course you would n't just bomb saudi arabia into the ground , you would know every single black-market account in every single tax-haven and take it down . 
  wait !, 
  why do n't we do that right now ? 
  because we have no idea how the whole structure works , and this is not a tv show . 
  your `` example '' is so confused and off-topic , i ca n't even tell what your point is . 
  and i doubt anyone else can either . 
  there have been sanctions against the assad regime for quite a while , which is somehow the opposite of not giving a fuck . 
  unless you believe interventions have to be of the military kind . 
  it 's for people who have a hard time concentrating , right ? 
   if islam had n't oppressed the ever loving shit out of everyone [ ... ] who is this islam-guy and why do n't we just kill him ? 
  by the way : i was n't aware of assad , hussein and gaddafi being islamists . 
  i always thought they were plain old `` normal '' dictators . 
   why do n't we , instead of spending all of our money on trying to house far too many people ( we can only fit so many . . ) , send our military to make their country safe for them to live !, 
  yeah , that always worked great in the past , especially in the middle east . 
   i joined the military right after school and i would love to do something that is actually making a difference . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  look at all the us marines who join at a young age , think they can make a difference and return physically and mentally broken , while iraq and afghanistan still go to shit . 
   are completely willing to build radical mosques what 's a radical mosque ? 
  refugees are all coming from turkey ? 
   nope . 
  it 's the least they can do . 
  it 's not a permanent solution , but it 's better than nothing . 
  imagine that you have a couple of friends that you 've locked in your house and they 're starving . 
  you ca n't open the door nor the windows and they ca n't either , except for a tiny little space . 
  you 're calling the police , sure , but in the meantime , would you feed them or simply go on your merry way saying ` welp , no optimal solution 'till they get here , goodbye guys ' what ? 
  and let the refugees work there to earn their living . 
  step 1 : limit human rights guaranteed by german and eu law step 2 : do n't give a shit about what 's happening in syria step 3 : start limiting other basic rights , because why stop at step 1 ? 
  step 4 : ... 
  step 5 : profit !, 
   that just means your democracy is horribly broken and you are okay with it .
