  again , there was no information on the remaining 17 rapes . 
   it is unclear how many of the growing number of sex attacks can be blamed on foreigners . 
  the statistics show that in january there were 343 complaints about sex-related incidents . 
  in 175 cases , austrians are under suspicion . 
  a further 25 have involved concrete charges being made against asylum seekers . 
  another 43 involve foreigners from other parts of the world including turkey , macedonia and germany . 
  there was no information about the 100 remaining sex attacks included in the report . 
   of the sex attacks , 61 were rapes , in which 38 cases austrians are suspected of being the attackers . 
  six are suspected of being asylum seekers , including two from syria and one from iraq . 
  the ages of those accused range from 11 through to 82 . 
  again , there was no information on the remaining 17 rapes . 
   but im actually happy that this sub is becoming more xenophobe , racist and unrepresentative of europe every day , so we could finally say `` r/europe is a toxic cesspool '' like we do right now with r/worldnews . 
  i 'd rather have old / r/europe back ,, 
  there are hundreds of thousands of religious conservatives in my country no , with about zero impact on my life . 
  well i ca n't go shopping most sundays , but meh . 
   but that only means i understand it so much better how hard we will have to try to stop the millions from coming here . 
  why ? 
  except nobody wanted to enter the soviet union , and as a german you should know that they had a hard time stopping people from exiting it . 
  do n't bother posting photos that show anything other than a rampaging mob . 
  welcome to the new \\ / r/europe ~ ~ an ~ ~ . 
  with empathy like that , you could be a ukip voter ... oh wait ... 
  somehow i have the feeling they would just buy new ones . 
   there 's no cite for this assertion in the wiki and i ca n't find any independent verification ( although a lot of sites repeat verbatim the wiki statement ) . 
  that it ... that is really strange ... that part really needs a [ citation needed ] !, 
  yup , and unlike germany , where you have to wait weeks for a new passport ( okay , you would get a temporary passport ) , you get an actual real passport that is still warm !, 
  ( i have no idea why the idea is so exciting to me ) . 
  yes , but if you had no diplomatic immunity countries could target unwanted diplomats by making up allegations nonstop . 
  maybe berlin should do it the way the hague does it , namely [ impound the cars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic_immunity#parking_violations ) - diplomatic immunity does not protect the cars that are used to commit the violations . 
  i could imagine countries like sudan with their fleet of 8 cars , but 62.8 violations per car would quickly change their behavior . 
  but do they back off because he is the son of a powerful diplomat , or do they back off because he has actual immunity ? 
  happens every time my bullshit-detector is triggered . 
  + + + breaking news + + + military commander sees enemies everywhere - - - claims his sources are intelligence services , and thus ca n't back his shit up - - - demands more spending on military + + + breaking news + + +, 
   you act as if doing something for yourself is bad thing just do n't use it as a [ pretext ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pretext ) . 
  and you would really do yourself a favor by reading articles before referring to them . 
  people have been coming to europe via the sea for years . 
  nobody - including visegrad - has ever cared . 
  visegrad is not doing this for the sake of the union , but for their own sake - even if - as some of you think - it helps the union . 
  do n't tase me bro !, 
  `` only '' :d, 
  mfg !, 
  there were also signs of the party ` die violetten ' which is some kind of yogi-cult . 
  the proposed sending helicopters with yogis to warzones , so they could meditate over the battlefield to end all armed conflicts . 
  and that one party that proposed building a magnetic monorail from germany to africa . 
  good think that a lot of crazy signs does n't mean they have lots of support . 
  tasers are used a lot by us law-enforcement , and people keep dying from them . 
  afaik the problem is that it 's marketed as non-lethal so people will fire it thinking nothing could happen . 
   i do n't want to know that those things are confirmed . 
  oh i 'm aware of that !, 
   i want you to describe those things . 
  i gave you examples just after the quoted sentence . 
  maybe it would make a bit more sense if you read the whole thing instead of tearing my reply apart and then quoting single sentences , ignoring their context and replying to that ? 
   nice exaggeration . 
  did i say or defended such a statement ? 
  ca n't remember . 
  as far as i am concerned there is a context ( newspaper article , public replies to that on public board and the incident itself ) . 
  or do you think your some kind of bouncer i have to get past by before i can criticize e.g. 
  `` asylum critics '' as a whole ? 
  and these things being reported is no exaggeration . 
   aha , here we have the problem . 
  for you there is no middle ground or you think it ca n't exist . 
  you see things in a binary manner . 
  you go straight from ` progressive ' to populist . 
  for you i 'm a representative of the ` populists ' are n't i ? 
  a middle ground can exist . 
  but you 're not helping in the fight against extremism , together with the extremists you 're making a middle ground impossible . 
  when the middle ground becomes impossible people start to gravitate to extreme opinions on both sides . 
  so in a way you 're enabling extremism . 
  i 'm not denying that i am subjective - i do n't think objective opinions exist . 
  i 'm also not going to get into a `` no you ! '', 
  fight . 
  try harder , or tell me what that supposed middle ground in this issue is ? 
  also : what are the supposed extremes ? 
  the way i see it , there 's an incident and the police is dealing with it . 
  and then there 's people who use this as means to demand a stop to `` immigration '' . 
  a nonsensical conclusion , and in the case of `` asylum = immigration '' also not compatible with the german constitution . 
   true , but many care about their family and the fear those will become victims . 
  yeah they care so much about people they do n't know that they wish for other people they do n't know to suffer the same fate as the victims . 
  makes perfect sense . 
   oh yes the extremists on the other side now see their chance . 
  that being said why are you bringing this up here ? 
  is it really impossible for me not to be an extremists and yet not to agree on certain points with you ? 
  well , you 're calling them extremist . 
  they 're calling themselves `` concerned citizens '' . 
  you make it look like it 's a negligible minority , when it 's not as few people as you would have it look . 
  i can quote numbers of afd or pegida members if you do n't believe it . 
   do you really see it as impossible that the people behind the media would abuse their platform ? 
  if they in some rare , unimaginable scenario get the idea to do it . 
  what would stop them really ? 
  you must at least accept there is the possibility for abuse . 
  no , i absolutely believe it , and i fucking love conspiracy movies . 
  my favorite one ( all the president 's men ) is even based on a true story . 
  but the point is : if it 's possible it does not mean it 's reality . 
  it 's possible that i live in the trueman show . 
  but that does not mean i accept it as a reality . 
  at least not until i 've seen evidence to support that theory . 
   you do realize the arrogance when speaking about the factstm . 
  there are things that are confirmed , e.g. 
  the number of victims who filed an report , or the number of people who were arrested . 
  and then there is here-say , e.g. 
  a thousand north-africans gang-raped women in front of the train-station , or the police is accused of covering everything up .
