  so basically nazi germany was a democracy and the allies had no business in germany ? 
  well fuck you !, 
  i wo n't let an american tell us europeans what cheese is !, 
  you eat `` american cheese '' and that shitty stuff you put on cheeseburgers . 
  one has no taste and the other one is n't even real cheese . 
  and do n't even get me started on cheese from cans !, 
  i do n't doubt that hungary is democratic , but i reject the idea of orban defending the `` european way of life '' . 
  turkey is a democracy as well after all . 
   i am curious though why you think this is relevant at all to the discussion at hand . 
  he claims the `` european way of life '' is in danger , while at the same time he e.g. 
  restricts freedom of press severely . 
  that is something we constantly criticize in turkey . 
  as a german i can also tell you that being democratically elected does not mean you can do what you want and still get to call it democratically justified . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i 've been to auschwitz and buchenwald . 
  i 've been in the anne frank house as well as the corrie ten boom house . 
  and when i see nazi-methods i will call them out . 
  i do n't see how is `` effectively minimizing '' anything that happened . 
  do you really thing the way anyone speaks changes reality in the past ?!, 
  i think you should take a few educational visits yourself , and then get informed on all the other shit the hungarian government has said and done . 
  i hate to break it to you , but nazi germany did n't gas all jews on day one . 
  and they ruined a lot of lives in other places than concentration camps . 
  and right now hungary is a country where the prime minister is worried about the `` preservation of the hungarian race '' ( that 's a quote ) and where he calls lower birthrates among sinti & roma a success ( same here ) . 
  i can go on about the restriction of the freedom of press , or how [ blood & honor hungary ] ( http://i.imgur.com/buci5gx.jpg ) is officially banned , but they still get to march , and nobody cares . 
  but of course there 's no connection to the word ` nazi ' because as long as you do n't kill millions of jews in concentration camps you 're not a nazi . 
  maybe hungary could simply treat refugees like human beings ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  ever heard of refugee laws in europe ? 
  if you do n't like human rights in europe you could move to north korea or eritrea . 
  almost . 
  greece and italy threatened to just let the refugees pass through their borders , while germany actively took in a bunch of refugees . 
  i still do n't understand why germany ( and others ) did n't push for an equal distribution of refugees before though . 
  i mean i understand that it was because they did n't give a shit because they did n't have the problem ... - . -, 
   a coordinated approach is necessary never going to happen . 
  look at the countries that are nowhere close to the `` refugee corridor '' . 
  they are now complaining that germany is trying to force refugees onto them . 
  do we actually want greece , italy , hungary and others to collapse with this influx of refugees without helping ? 
  * refugees in hungary are beaten by police ( and that fucking camera woman ) * get caged in * get `` fed '' like animals ( food just thrown into the mass ) hey do n't call them nazis !, 
  nazis do n't imprison other people within fences and treat them like animals ... uh ... wait ... 
   germans are trying to force migrants on countries that do n't want them . 
  portugal , poland , hungary , czech , slovakia , latvia , etc. , signed up to be in a union with germany and a host of other european countries , and by extension , european people . 
  nobody signed up to be in a union with syria , eritrea , iraq , afghanistan , etc. 
  this is so ... stupid . 
  apart from the fact that ** fucking nobody ** signed up to take in refugees or for the fact being a refugees - they 're refugees for fucks sake , i fucking doubt that any of your likes would have no problem taking in * anybody * . 
  or are actually saying you will only take in refugees from warzones that are within the eu borders ?!, 
  we can keep the it going the way it was before . 
  then the refugees keep pouring into greece , hungary and other border states , until either these countries break down or refugees die at the borders . 
  so the suggestion is that refugees are to be distributed by a certain key ( calculated by the number of residents , average wages , number of unemployed ) as not to leave a small number of countries . 
  but at this point i 'm really curious about how you would react if portugal was in the same situation as greece , italy or hungary . 
  i 'm sure you will remember dublin ii by then and keep every fucking single person inside your borders . 
   so people should have freedom of movement when its convenient for your worldview , but not when it is n't ? 
  people should be able to leave turkey , a safe country , to come into europe , but should n't be able to leave portugal ? 
  and if the reason is because they are `` safe in portugal where they are '' why should n't that have applied when they were in turkey ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  how hard would it be for refugees to be distributed evenly among all eu states and register them there , while keeping all other rules and regulations in tact ? 
   and if the reason is because they are `` safe in portugal where they are '' why should n't that have applied when they were in turkey ? 
  well believe it , or not : 1 . 
  turkey is not a eu state , so they 're not part of dublin ii 2 . 
  every human has a right to apply for asylum within the eu, 
  so the refugees could live in a burning house , or under the sea . 
   argument, 
   if it 's not a problem then why this big push to share the love with the rest of europe ? 
  germany is a free country able to decide for itself , it should let other countries decide for themselves as well . 
  lack of solidarity is funny , when your own country would be in a really bad spot without the solidarity of the other eu countries . 
   have you given a thought as to how these people are to be coerced into staying in the country assigned to them in the quota system there is an existing databank where law enforcement can look up every single application for asylum . 
  maybe portuguese police needs it lessons ? 
   obviously they are going to where the money is . 
  so you 're `` worrying '' they 're taking money from germany ? 
  well stop worrying , because germany does n't `` worry '' about it . 
   but judging from the video evidence in multiple countries at multiple times , it is not an isolated thing . 
  it could happen 1000 times and this would still be less than 0.1 % of all refugees . 
  and nobody claimed so . 
  and you think you 're free of ideology ? 
  i claim that human rights are universal , and you have a problem with it . 
  i also find it a questionable ideology , and borderline propagandist to scatter a video excerpt here and there to manipulate opinion . 
  i can do the same . 
  you want me to throw in a video of a war-zone here , and an occasional racist attack on a refugee there ? 
  i also find it hilarious that you try to tell me about experience with refugees when germany is taking several 100000 refugees in while portugal took in 500 . 
  berlin ( where i live ) has a lot of refugees and i volunteered to translate english/german and to repair bicycles and computers/other it for refugee hostel . 
  so how about a direct question , and you can answer directly : ** are you claiming that all refugees are stealing , throwing away food , etc. ? 
  there 's a reason why this is not allowed in e.g. 
  / r/news  your post will likely be removed if it :  [ ... ]  has a title not taken from the article . 
  it 's trying to manipulate readers by forcing a certain point of view that might not be intended by the author of the article . 
  i suggest you read up on journalism and communication theory . 
   if video evidence of these people stealing , throwing away food and demanding to pass through to places were they can get the best welfare is n't enough then nothing but time will teach you the error of your ways . 
  there 's video evidence of all refugees stealing , throwing away food , or * passing through places * ?!, 
  holy shit . 
  maybe we should stop the us from using our airspace for bombing runs . 
  but then again we want them on our side , simply for keeping the russians in check . 
  same thing here ; first i was mad about the article 's title , but it turns out it 's just the title op picked . 
  it 's a good article . 
  yeah there is a universal declaration of human rights , and every human is entitled to all of these rights , like it or not . 
  yeah , how dare they not all go to jordania !, 
  that would surely improve the situation of refugees and jordanians , considering that there are only 6.721.882 jordanians . 
  if it 's about europe , we ca n't take that many refugees , because our economy ca n't take it , but other countries should . 
  til over half a million refugees counts as being overlooked . 
  it 's a beautiful language , where 's the problem ? 
  does n't the pas come before fran\u00e7ais in this case ? 
  what ?!, 
  so a refugee ( by your standards ) who seeks a place to live where he/she is not treated like shit is automatically `` an economic migrant '' ?
