   tear gas is used to disperse violent mobs in most countries . 
  usa uses it , france uses a few times per year . 
  tear gas is used as preventative measure , period . 
  that 's its intended use , to prevent further violence . 
  tear gas is used in germany as well . 
  does n't mean there is not plenty of criticism regarding it 's use . 
  period . 
   throwing rocks at the police is evidence for the fact that they want to cause harm to them . 
  there is no getting around that fact . 
  so intent sanctions use of force already ? 
  thought police ? 
   at the end of the day , the violent asylum seekers should have learned that they will be not be allowed to break the law . 
  at the end of the day they could 've been `` taught '' way easier , and without making hungary look like a police state to other countries , but orban is busy preserving the `` hungarian race '' - he does n't give a shit about publicity , does he ? 
  they probably missed the gate , because they got some teargas into their eyes ... 
  but that makes me wonder ... 
  i do n't go and post headlines from the ` bild ' and complain about the shitty media . 
  and if a fellow redditor from britain complained about the ` sun ' , i would simply wonder what he was expecting . 
  you know , call me liberal enabler or whatever , but your comment is the stupidest yet * by far * . 
  this is trained riot police . 
  they 're in full gear . 
  i doubt anyone got even remotely close to hurting them - rock or not . 
  i also do n't see how use of force is sanctioned because a * potentially * dangerous situation in the future . 
  i also believe that the whole situation is `` home made '' . 
  look at the video where the camera women kicked the refugees . 
  how much in danger was the police there ? 
  teh refugees did n't give a fuck about then . 
  there is no mob that wants to harm the police . 
  they want through . 
  how come other countries can contain a crowd but hungary has to use teargas ? 
  are you describing your own reply ? 
  if not : who decides what `` actually happened '' ? 
  there were injured children , and that really happened . 
  and still there are people who complain that this is not the `` whole truth '' . 
  teargas is not as harmless as you might think , and i doubt the border or the police were in * any * real danger . 
  i 'm from the people who are against excessive force and against hurting children - i know it 's the worst kind of agenda !, 
  legally yes . 
  personally i can understand why refugees would n't want to go , but dublin ii is still active , so yes i would think they had to stay . 
  on the other hand i believe that state authority should act with proportionality . 
  you do n't `` believe '' in proportionality when it comes to force ? 
   propaganda battle so there are two sides fighting ? 
   but fortunately the orban bashing will come to an end very soon . 
  i do n't think criticizing orban will end soon , as it did n't start with this refugee crisis either . 
  and there are plenty of reasons to criticize him apart from his actions right now . 
   actually orban does exactly what the contracts demand . 
  protect the eu boarder and register every refugee on arrival in the country they arrive in . 
  i just do n't understand why you have to mace people . 
  they 're not doing that in any other place , no matter what the number of refugees is . 
  where did i write that ? 
  quote me please . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/models_of_communication ? 
  with `` these '' countries i was referring to lebanon and turkey , not hungary . 
  like ... greece ? 
  so kids that are legally non-accountable in most countries ? 
  well hungary better keep them out before they enter the eu , lawyer up and sue the cops assess of at the european court of justice . 
  gas only moves in front lines ? 
  is that a law of thermodynamics ? 
  as i replied to someone else : police fired canisters into the crowd , plus gas does n't stay in the front line , it spreads , because it 's gas . 
  i could also imagine that people wanted to get their kids across the border first , like in the movies when children and women leave the sinking boat first . 
   do you see childrens in front of any protest , that may end with clash with police , in europe ever ? 
  maybe they thought police in europe did n't attack children ? 
  front line ? 
  you think the gas stays in the front line , because ... physics ? 
  that 's not how gas works , and the police fired their canisters right into the crowd . 
   who is so stupid to place children in a heated situation like this directly in front of the boarder ? 
  i do n't know if you have ever been in a crowd like that ( maybe at a demonstration , but bavarians do n't demonstrate , they obey the authority , right ? 
  ) , but usually you will have a hard time leaving , no matter if you want to or not . 
  as to why they were there in the first place : they 're guaranteed by eu legislation to apply for asylum . 
  so how does media in australia work ? 
  here in germany we have a shitload of individual newspapers , internet pages , tv stations , etc. 
  and they all write their own articles . 
  some are more conservative , some are more liberal - all in all there 's a myriad of different opinions represented . 
  but in australia there is one internet site that represents all media ? 
  and when their articles do n't match your world view they 're `` dishing out lies '' ? 
  you could n't just read something different ? 
  they all have to cater to your idea of what is right ? 
  `` the media '' huh ? 
  the kids were throwing burning tires ? 
  are you sure they were n't throwing burning cars as well ? 
  well if you say so . 
  there is a barbwire fence . 
  are civilized humans supposed to walk through barbwire ? 
  it 's even sanctioned by the hungarian law . 
  all journalism must be `` balanced '' . 
  `` balanced '' is defined by an agency of the state , of course . 
  this happened in 2010 already . 
   it 's just tear gas . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  * just * tear gas ? 
  you can [ get blind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tear_gas#risks ) from that shit , especially when you get it shot right at you - which is just what happened . 
  police in total ( not just in this situation ) are using it way to often , which is probably due to an attitude like yours . 
   do n't do anything illegal and you wo n't get sprayed . 
  so if you 're in a crowd and the police fire their canisters right into the crowd , the gas will just pass by you when you 're innocent ? 
  that 's how gas works ? 
   europe has to protect itself from this invasion of criminals somehow . 
  they are guaranteed by eu law to apply for asylum . 
  apart from the fact that i firmly believe that the conflict in israel is much more complex and thus not comparable to this situation : are you not aware of people dying in gaza simply because they live there ? 
  or are you cynical enough to think that they should just leave ? 
  so they were asked before they were gassed ? 
  this sounds ideal for me as well . 
  but for one there are enough countries who are simply unwilling to take any refugees ( interestingly especially those who have taken the least refugees up to now ) , and two refugees have a hard time reaching the borders .
