yeah , quick throw some rocks and fireworks at them and the police , that will improve the situation of their wives and daughters !, 
   with oil prices also going down and sanctions imposed , it 's quite clear he needs russians ' `` patriotism '' to remain in power . 
  until the prices up again , of course , and that is just a matter of time . 
  with all due respect : is your high court mentally retarded ? 
  hold it !, 
  are the acoustic waves of the live band entering a microphone , are then being transformed into an electric signal , which is then transferred to the speakers , where it 's transformed into acoustic waves again ?!, 
  criminal scum !, 
  reminds me of kops in a way ... 
  is n't that illegal ? 
  like writing/drawing on dollar bills is illegal ? 
  the article says the coin is an homage to earth . 
  why read the article though ? 
  yeah , where is this government guy , and why wo n't he fix the road in front of my house ? 
  he 's probably referring to the verfassungsschutz ( domestic secret agency ) of several parts of germany having strong connections to right-wing extremists . 
  this part is really no conspiracy theory ; if you follow the trial of beate tsch\u00e4pe who was a member of a terrorist cell called nsu ( nationalsozialistischer untergrund ) there were several instances where agents and assets of the verfassungsschutz were directly connected to the nsu . 
  in one instance a witness who was ( or is ) on the payroll of the verfassungsschutz wlked by the dead body of a person who shot minutes before and claimed he had neither seen the murderer ( who he personally knew ) , nor the murder , not the victim . 
  there were also two previous attempts to ban the npd ( which is the largest `` secret '' nazi party in germany ) and both attempts failed because so many of the npd members that were involved in crimes were on the payroll of the verfassungsschutz . 
  now i would n't say they built up the whole nazi-scene ( i would think people in ( relative ) poverty and no perspective can always drift into some sort of extremist movement , but it 's no secret that some of germany 's intelligence agencies are involved in `` nazi business '' . 
  how about you learn the difference between immigrants and refugees first . 
  germany at least has no mass immigration , and immigration is as low as it has n't been for about 20 years . 
  maybe there is something wrong with the immigration laws in your country ? 
   but there are a lot of `` normal '' people in italy that are angry about the number of illegal immigrants . 
  are the `` normal '' people burning shit ? 
  if not : they have nothing to do with this . 
  same goes to the people who gave me the downvotes : if they 're not fascists themselves , why do they side with them . 
  you 're not supposed to act like refugees and immigrants are the same thing . 
  and we do n't have to do what someone/everyone else does . 
  that 's what . 
   i did n't downvote you bullshit . 
  apparently i annoy you so much , that you started insulting me , and then you want to tell me it was not you who immediately downvoted me ? 
  let the butthurt flow through you . 
   if you ca n't grasp that there is a relationship between economic situation and child-bearing you are a lost cause . 
  ah that 's why e.g. 
  poor german farmers or poor dutch millers in the 20th century had families with 10 + children - because they were so well of . 
  and today where most families can afford a car or a tv , have a flat to live in and can even afford to have a hobby they only have 1,38 children per couple . 
  or are you trying to imply people get more children , when they have less money ? 
   too bad that most asylum seekers are not actually from syria but from african countries in which they are not politically persecuted . 
  if they 're not persecuted they will not be accepted as refugees . 
  where 's the problem ? 
  most of them are also not christian . 
  75 % are muslims . 
  i am of course , refering to a majority of bavarians as `` christians '' . 
  you know there was a guy called jesus who wanted his followers to stop being dicks to each other , and also something about rich people going to hell . 
  i wonder when christians started ignoring this stuff . 
   if they were solely `` lookin for peace '' they would n't travel to germany but stay in the european countries where they landed . 
  they are looking for handouts . 
  plain and simple . 
  maybe they do n't want to live in italian or greek internment camps ? 
  i can understand that somehow . 
   why am i forced to pay 50 % in taxes when the revenue is wasted like this ? 
  why am i forced to pay any taxes ? 
  why do i have to pay e.g. 
  health insurance when i 'm not sick ? 
  why do i have to pay taxes for roads i do n't use ? 
  why do i pay taxes so the unemployed get money ? 
  why do you think people in need that are germans by birth have a stronger claim for my money than e.g. 
  refugees from syria ? 
  because they are of the same race than i am ? 
  how does it contradict ? 
  there are people who get kids . 
  no matter of you get money for it or not . 
  also calling my argument nonsense and downvoting you is not advancing your argument . 
  asylum seekers are not allowed to work . 
  stop mixing them up . 
  do n't tell me to look at the u.s. 
  i 'm a dual citizen , and know how it is . 
  but as they say in germany : if everyone jumps from a bridge , are you going to do what everyone does ? 
   how do you justify to the german tax payers that the government spends over 50.000 $ on a single unaccompanied minor asylum seeker per year ? 
  it 's really easy ; especially in bavaria : these are people who flee unspeakable terror in syria or wherever they are coming from , to then cross the sea which is pretty much a suicide commando and all that simply to find peace for them and their loved ones . 
  especially bavaria has a lot of people claim they are christians . 
  i believe it 's not only the duty of a christian , but any feeling human being to help however they can , instead of burning asylum shelters in hate . 
  but in case there are still people who question the necessity of helping those in need : the european court of human rights itself says you ca n't reject them either : https://www.blaetter.de/archiv/jahrgaenge/dokumente/gerichtsurteil-des-europaeischen-gerichtshofes-fuer-menschenrechte-im-fa  what am i supposed to do if i do n't want to accept this ? 
  should everybody who disagrees with this reckless waste of public funds in germany apply for hartz iv then ? 
  why do you want to apply for welfare ? 
  are you unemployed ? 
   [ ... ] it would be sensible to spend the money on the domestic population and massively incentivize child-bearing . 
  why is this not happening ? 
  how many germans would start making babies if you offered them 50k per year in benefits ... are you serious here ? 
  three problems here : 1 . 
  not everyone is supposed to reproduce endlessly . 
  that is not even my argument , it #s what happened here in germany . 
  you used to get money for each child born , but it was quickly taken away from people on welfare . 
  50k per child ? 
  so instead of offering citizenship to highly trained immigrants and thus getting a higher tax-income you want to pay 50k for any child born . 
  no matter what it 's career is going to be . 
  so you might end up paying 50k for a bunch of kids who might eventually be unemployed . 
  if you follow this logic you should consider putting the funds in eductaion , because 3 . you ca n't convince people to have kids . 
  politicians in germany have tried long enough , and it 's not even going to make a difference , because the population decline is so fast now , you ca n't even stop it . 
  it 's not possible to maintain the population and economy without immigration . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ageing_of_europe#germany, 
  if he 's taking away your work how is he claiming benefits ? 
  scumbag immigrants - they take your job ** and ** receive welfare for being unemployed at the same time !, 
  what 's your least favorite country ? 
  italy or france ? 
  ( nobody ever says italy ! ), 
  i 'm not mocking * the poor \u00a9 * , i 'm mocking fascists on welfare . 
   it 's the poor who suffers the most from immigration . 
  [ citation needed ] you either have no idea how the eu works and/or are mixing up a lot of things . 
  first of all : the articles are about refugees . 
  these refugees are n't even allowed to work .
