  pretty easy differentiation , eh ? 
   i 'm sorry but public outrage is one of the only things i see really helping . 
  they do n't care about you , about the migrants or the rape victims . 
  they care about their votes , their positions , their source of income . 
  guess what threatens that ? 
  they ? 
  the populist that call for a limitation on `` immigration '' based on cologne ? 
  yeah they sure do n't care about the victims . 
  just like the `` asylum critics '' that keep sending female german journalists like dunja hayali messages where they tell them they should have been raped as well . 
   what is `` this shit '' referring to exactly ? 
  germany is still occupied , germany is a company . 
  the governments is full of illuminati/lizard people . 
  they all want to exchange the population with migrants . 
  they have a masterplan . 
  they want to silence `` us '' . 
  they censor us , et cetera , et cetera . 
  i 'm just here to to point out the facts and remind everyone that the constant speculations help nobody . 
  neither the victims , nor people who are worried now . 
  it only helps people who profit from the fear . 
  but if you take the facts , and add feeling and speculation then that it leaves nothing to be discussed . 
  ca n't discuss away feelings or anything that can not be proofed . 
  there have been enough major news outlets in germany that reported on it on 1/1 and 1/2 . 
  people from zdf have apologized for not putting the the news into their 7pm show because they wanted more content ( they mention interviews ) before showing it . 
  you can shrug it off as censorship , but i welcome every news show that actually ads something of substance , instead of all the specials that repeat the same news every few minutes because they have nothing new to report . 
   most people ca n't bear reality \u2122 anyway that pretty much sums it all up . 
  if you question other people 's it 's pretty pointless to discuss anything , do n't you think ? 
  you know if you start with this you could also tell me where i labelled you as a nazi ... 
  `` mainstream news '' coverage started on 1/1/16 . 
  everything else is bullshit !, 
  [ sources ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zttaj/coverup_over_cologne_sex_assaults_blamed_on/cyp96yp )  why would the police lie to the people ? 
  my guess is they fucked up , and expected the whole thing to not be this big . 
  the difference is : i do n't think it 's a coordinated conspiracy because of racism . 
   valid criticism of the `` no holes barred '' immigration policy and pointing out the reality of a deeply mysogonistic and backwards mindset among many youths with immigration background is racist now ? 
  what valid criticism ?!, 
  please point it out . 
  funny thing : germany does not even have immigration legislation . 
  the people that are coming are refugees who are , guaranteed by our constitution , allowed to submit an application as asylum seekers . 
   facts  multi-kulti bubble right  we 'll see how you think once your girlfriend or daughter gets assaulted i was waiting for some real arguments - here they are , huh ? 
  that is also one of the sad parts of the aftermath of 31/12 . 
  people who have no intention of siding with you or any other racists ( and if you do n't believe that just see how many fold cologne citizens against racists outnumbered k\u00f6gida ) , first get instrumentalized by you , and because you care so much about the victims , you wish more innocent people to become victims . 
   we have a problem in this country and everybody is too afraid or too pc to talk about it . 
  how so ? 
  nobody is hindering you ( or the afd , csu , npd or anyone ) going on about the evil foreign masses . 
  if that 's your opinion then that is fine by me , but do n't expect anyone to agree on it . 
   if we do not openly discuss it and make significant changes now so if it 's not the way you want it to be , it 's not an open discussion ? 
  what things * exactly * are not allowed to be said ?!, 
  the only thing that comes to my mind is holocaust denial . 
  it 's neither funny , nor helping your points . 
   i also thought i saw signs of censorship in / r/worldnews yet i was completely blind to the facts . 
  you 're comparing / r/worldnews to german media outlets ? 
   i thought i read zdf apologized for something though i do n't remember it well . 
  yeah , the terrorists tend to get themselves killed instead of captures , and depending on the person/camera/weather you will have varying degrees of success with identifying suspects afterwards . 
   considering the awful response to these crimes maybe police should have more funding . 
  money does n't fix incompetence . 
  especially not incompetence in leadership . 
  i think you misunderstand me - you can live in your own reality of conspiracies as long as you like , just do n't act surprised when other people do n't see the truth like you . 
  the police unions is filled with policewomen and men from all around germany . 
  they have no authority to make press releases in the name of the police of cologne ( just like the head of the federal police , ironically ) . 
  and the way i see it they just use the opportunity to claim more money for the police force - which is what they do ( among other things ) as a union . 
   because the government did n't want them to publish as quickly as they could ? 
  ( source ? ), 
  but the other ( bigger ) tv station governed by public law ( ard ) reported on it in their own news show ( that also has a significantly higher number of viewers ) . 
  and so have other private news agencies as well . 
  where is this ` cartel of silence ' ? 
  apart from the fact that there is no proof on a government conspiracy , it would also have been a pretty terrible job of covering anything up . 
  * sigh * the police union is simply not the official spokesperson of the police . 
  and their claims were already denied by the current secretary of the interior ( and head of the federal police ) . 
  please stop trying to masquerade racist ideas as ` critique ' . 
   do you legitimately not know what racism means ? 
  you do n't know * any * of the people and yet you deny the possibility that they could be racist ? 
   yes i 'm sure the news station only waited so they could get more interviews the zdf is not a news station , it 's a tv station governed by public law . 
  i know you have trouble abstracting , but i 'll try explaining it with another example : take the bbc and the sun . 
  while the sun will publish anything as fast as they can the bbc might take a bit longer report on something . 
  do you have any idea why that might be ? 
  where did i claim that ? 
   are you serious ? 
  you are being labelled a nazi in germany whenever you are criticizing the irresponsible immigration politics of merkel by the far left wing . 
  no you 're not . 
   if you really think , that thats being racist . . 
  but nobody does . 
   so the former head of police seems like he would have a good idea of how it works behind the scenes . 
  yeah he resigned because of ( best case scenario ) he 's incompetent , but he sure knows . 
  federal police is also not equal to the police of cologne . 
   considering a news station also apologised for not playing the story earlier it seems like he 's correct ? 
  so as former head of the federal police he knows exactly what 's going on inside the zdf ? 
  also : zdf is a tv station , and they apologized for not covering it in their 7pm news ** because they chose to cover it in a later special so they could feature more interviews . 
  http://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article150660691/zdf-gibt-fehleinschaetzung-bei-koeln-berichterstattung-zu.html  your terrible attempt of character assassination has failed ( muh right wingerr !! ), 
  just as useless of an insult as `` lefty '' means nothing besides `` i do n't like them '' if you do n't know the protagonists in this `` play '' i suggest you do n't use them as sources . 
  just a few weeks ago the afd commissioned an expert assessment on a speech given by one of their own leaders , which attests it as racist . 
  so apparently they 're `` assassinating themselves '' and `` muh right wingers !! '', 
  comes from within . 
   this is meaningless . 
  oh , i know , this is / r/europe after all . 
  okay , example for you : say there 's a company of ... truck drivers that work for a company and organize themselves within a union . 
  does that union represent the company ? 
  does that union have e.g. 
  internal papers on projects , sales , etc ? 
  can that union hold a press conference and claim to be representing the company ? 
  newsflash : if you 're having racist thoughts and are afraid to express them in public from the fear of being labelled ` nazi ' . 
  then you 're a racist - no matter the circumstances .
