  i do n't even understand how the government * can * possibly distance themselves from the resolution ; the first half of it was adopted by the german parliament . 
  this is not even morally questionable , but also legally . 
  haha , no my `` non understanding '' was supposed to be a joke !, 
  ah , so you think there are less people drowning on their way from e.g. 
  syria to australia vs. europe because of australias stance on `` immigration '' and not because australia is on the other side of the planet ? 
  no , among all submissions in / r/worldnews there might be some decent articles . 
  you might consider taking these articles directly and quating directly from them . 
  how so ? 
  i would bet there would be less people drowning if word got out that people entering illegally would be shot . 
  it would be a way of saving net lives !, 
  you know ... no matter on what you view is on immigration , there is a basic agreement within all of reddit that / r/worldnews is shit , and based upon this we should agree on the fact that official unhcr numbers have a much higher credibility than / r/worldnews . 
   we 're getting 15.000 migrants a day . 
  we ca n't keep that up . 
  so we need alternatives . 
  one of them is camps away from mainland europe where everyone goes and are safe and fed until there is peace in their countries , so they can return home . 
  what exactly is the benefit of having `` camps '' outside of europe ? 
  if you want camps so badly why not have them inside of europe ? 
   the only way is to close the borders and help africa ( and all the other poor countries ) to develop their own countries . 
  so let me get this straigh : europe/australia can not take care of refugees , but can take care of the continent ? 
  we can not take in refugees coming to us , but we can help them `` develop their own countries '' . 
  at least be consistent !, 
  give me an example of building a nation that has not gone terribly wrong . 
  if you do n't want or can not pay for refugees coming to europe/australia the same thing will be the case with `` helping them in their own country '' . 
   it is working . 
  the goal is to prevent people coming to australia and dying in the ocean . 
  if the conditions were good , then hundreds of thousands would try to come and thousands would die in the ocean . 
  yeah but why not shoot anyone trying to come to australia ? 
  would work wonders would n't it ? 
  what do you mean by  are presented ? 
  but i will not complain this time , since the outcome is good . 
  i read it more like : they should n't whine about paying 13 billion $ + interest if they do not even bother to engange in everyday ~ ~ corruption ~ ~ lobbying . 
  if you look at other examples , e.g. 
  the tobacco lobby , you will see that they lobby the shit out of the european parliament , up to the point where they will drop any harsh proposed legislation . 
  you think he does not know that he can do as he pleases , as long as putin lets him ? 
  he 's wanted with an international arrest warrant . 
  what makes it muslim in your opinion ? 
  kadyrow being a muslim ? 
   it 's quite likely that the coup was actually a fakeout it is ? 
  i have seen no proof - yet . 
  it serves him perfectly well , and i would n't surprised , but the history of the turkish republic was constantly overshaddowed by the military plotting against the civilian leadership . 
  there were 4 attemps since the 50s and 2 have failed . 
  and only a few years ( something like 5 or 6 ) the military openly threatened to start a coup if the government would continue it 's drive towards islamism . 
   it 's pretty textbook for a dictator to do that being entirely honest - hitler was likely responsible for the reichstag fire which lead to him getting the enabling act passed . 
  and at the same time there was an * actual * group of people who wanted him removed and tried to assassinate him - which ultimately failed . 
  in theory this encrypts what you write on reddit , but they will have no trouble getting your connection to reddit from your isp and confirming your nickname in other ways . 
  https wo n't help here . 
  he 's not without support . 
  reminds me of how post wwii a lot of germans ( and still plenty today ) created the fairy tale of evil hitler being the cause of all evil , while everyone else was just following orders . 
  i doubt you will get asylum now . 
  it 's the current paradigmn that turkey is a safe state . 
  how else could eu justify the refugee deal with erdogan ? 
  and if turkey is a safe state , how could there actually be turkish refugees ? 
  but putin has a history of attacking his neighbors and annexing some of their territory ... 
   when accessing things you do n't want your government to know about , make sure you use tor . 
  it 's open source non-profit software to be anonymous when browsing the internet . 
  also do n't use it to download * anything * you intend to keep ( ignoring cached images from your browser , etc. 
  ) : there are infected malicious exit nodes which inject malware into binaries . 
  ** we did it !, 
  germany is world champion !, 
  ** ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ least ^ ^ ^ ^ until ^ ^ ^ ^ 2018 ^ ^ ^ ^ :d, 
   ah yes , if you actually did you research your would learn that a lot of cancers are preventable . 
  unlike mental retardation , right ? 
   which is still cheaper than socialist healthcare because it 's competitive . 
  trump will surely smash all socialism !, 
   no need troll [ ... ]  socialist speaking of mental retardation . 
   i am better off paying for health care directly and investing the money i do n't use for future pension , security and income . 
  yeah that also worked really well for a lot of people who are now on wellfare and have no insurance at all - speaking about other people 's shitty decisions . 
  by the way : cancer et al. 
  are really shitty decisions , are n't they ? 
   besides , uk has the nhs . 
  well then go and get fanny checked out then . 
  yeah but that also covers health care , so consulting a gynaecologist costs nothing extra . 
  except prescriptions ; you have to pay 5 $ per prescription medication at the pharmacist . 
  protip : you can escape characters with a \\, 
  you might wan na consider consulting a gynaecologist about that sand in your vagina . 
  iceland vs. ireland with all the best fans in one stadium !, 
  this is sad . 
  i can understand how the eu wants to discourage any other countries from exiting , but while britain might be `` rekt '' nobody seems to remember that trade goes in both directions , and this will impact the rest of the eu negatively as well . 
  croatian nationalist baby sad ? 
  poor baby . 
   anyone who thinks the average voter is intelligent and informed is nuts though . 
  i know there 's a shitton of stupid people - i 'm not denying this at all - but i feel like we have to deal with them somehow , instead of ignoring or forgetting them . 
   you do n't . 
  but the electoral system is a valve that limits voter stupidity . 
  referendums let all the morons come out of the woodwork and have a direct influence on policy . 
  that really depends . 
  we had referendums in berlin that forced the senate of berlin to do the right thing several times . 
  right now we 're about to force them to increase spending on bicycle lanes . 
  the senate 's reaction to this was hiring a pr agency to spead that berlin is the bicycle capitol of europe . 
  cycling is berlin is terrible . 
  yeah but there 's still illegal immigrants , and when you 've got nobody else to blame , i bet they can come up with enough dark skinned people to blame then . 
   maybe stick to representative democracy instead of pretending everyone 's opinion is equally well informed and valid . 
  ah yeah stick to it since the people are so satisfied with it . 
  are n't there * a lot * of people who voted leave because they 're sick of `` the establishment '' ? 
  i think this kind of arrogance is just helping the populist movements all across europe . 
   it 's a good thing to let everyone have an opinion , it 's bad to let people think an uninformed opinion should be treated the same as a more balanced view point . 
  yeah and who would you suggest decides whose opinion is well informed , and whose opinion is not ? 
  so what are you proposing ? 
  taking away their vote ? 
  which system of courts is ever going to support that ?
