  you can read it and see what you say is against the rule of law . 
  not only in spain , it 's common to every single democracy around the world . 
  the only difference with some countries like the us is that the constitutional function is mixed with the judicial one within the supreme court . 
  in other countries , like spain , germany , france , austria among many others , they are separate chambers . 
  but anyway , us supreme court would have done the same thing here . 
  i consider spanish nationalist movement fascism in disguise , too , not only the separatist one . 
  i did n't say both ideologies are the same , because they are n't . 
  it 's just one is the consequence of another . 
  i 'm not interfering in `` the wants of other people '' , because i just do n't believe in that . 
  that 's a nationalist argument , not a democratic one . 
  in democracy , the members of a sovereign community decides according to the constitution and the rule of law . 
  they are not based in ethnicities and `` peoples '' . 
  the treaty on equal rights of citizens between belarus and russia makes belarus to be in a kind of a confederal union with russia . 
  actually , it 's like another state inside the russian federation but it has a seat in the un , it has it 's own provocative diplomacy to shout eu and us , etc. 
  it would be interesting if this was a free country . 
  it 's not , so if you try to form a political party that wanted to break ties with russia and stablish a relationship with eu , you will have problems like georgia and ukraine . 
  excuse me ? 
  did you read anything i wrote ? 
  no , i believe catalonia wo n't be out of spain . 
  but if it eventually is , it would be out of the eu and the eurozone . 
  economical , social and politic suicide , i 'm afraid . 
  it does n't matter if the information is published by a disgusting media ( i hate libertad digital ) if it is elaborated by an organism like european comission . 
  the information you bring me a ranking about transparency , not corruption . 
  and a ranking by ` el mundo ' , which is a sensationalist newspaper . 
  who 's the one that should lough ? 
  at least i appreciate you did n't answer about rule of law and press liberty . 
  part of the problem , i guess , is gibraltar has no waters according to the treaties fundamental to this colony ( which is not part of the eu , by the way ) . 
  personally , i do n't mind if it 's british , spanish or irish . 
  do n't care . 
  what i want is gibraltar stops being a tax haven . 
  european commission ( not me ) declared catalonia the worst region of spain in their quality of government index in 2009 : http://s.libertaddigital.com/fotos/noticias/cor001.jpg this index is very influenced by corruption , rule of law and press liberty . 
  the three things are pretty bad in catalonia since : 1 ) it is a very corrupt place ( not the most no , but definitely not the least one ) ; 2 ) catalonian government does not obey many judicial and constitutional sentences ( such as the right to study in both official languages , not only in catalan ) ; and 3 ) almost every single newspaper is tied to subsidies in order to control their publications on certain issues . 
  this is something i can not understand about nationalism . 
  you 're not interested in improve . 
  you do n't mind about quality of governance . 
  you just want the planet to consider a certain ethnic community is awesome . 
  catalonia is the least corrupt region ? 
  man , this is hilarious . 
  this is a huge lie . 
  the problem of spanish question is our central governments did always negotiate with separatist and totalitarian parties . 
  that 's why we are the most decentralized country in the world ... and guess what ? 
  catalonia is one of the worst regional administrations in spain and in the eu according to the ec : http://s.libertaddigital.com/fotos/noticias/cor001.jpg so , for the first time since the access to democracy , a spanish government wo n't negotiate . 
  is that bad ? 
  well , if you want to destroy the state maybe ... 
  but for the people who want to live in a welfare spain , i believe it is a good option . 
  and i 'm not a rajoy supporter , by the way , but i like this point . 
  i am against nationalist movements , i consider them fascism in disguise . 
  dissolve spain is what centrifugal nationalists want . 
  dissolve eu and recentralize every single issue is what centripetal nationalists want . 
  i hate both criterias . 
  i just want to get what spain is now and improve its situation but inside the eu and mantaining a very advanced decentralization process . 
  many people in crown of castille were habsburg supporters ( like most of madrid ) and many people in crown of aragon , and specially in the principality of catalonia , were bourbon supporters . 
  you nationalists tried to change history : it 's a succession war , not a secession war . 
  they fought for the model of state ( centralized or decentralized ) , not because of romantic cultural-ethnic micro-states pretensions . 
  also , 1715 is the first time that there is a unitarian state in spanish recent history ( there was also during the visigothic period ) , but in international law spain was a subject since the personal union of isabella i of castille and ferdinand ii of aragon ( 1479 ) . 
  european union committee of the regiones stated in 2013 this : http://www.aer.eu/fileadmin/user_upload/mainissues/governance/2013-publication_devolutioneu_en.pdf  ( eu committee of the regions ) recalls that if a region , having achieved independence , wanted to join the eu , it would be required to make a formal application to the council and to follow the accession procedure under article 49 teu in the same way as any other country that wished to become an eu member state concerned . 
  so no , catalonia will never be part of the eu as an independent state . 
  so , if pp has a majority of seats in the national parliament ( as they already have ) , the `` have right do whatever they want '' . 
  there no rule of law , huh ? 
  you nationalists are no democrats , you are just totalitarians in a progressive desguise . 
  do n't know where you 're from . 
  i 'm from spain . 
  as you can imagine , here there are many people from : italy , east europe , philippines , morocco , hispanic america , portugal and former spanish dependences in africa ( west sahara and eq . 
  from centuries , we have had ethnic mixture . 
  was it bad ? 
  do n't think so . 
  many people in spain is jew , roman , scandinavian , american indian , moor , arab and black descent . 
  my mother 's surname is sephardi , for example . 
  but that does n't change anything . 
  we still have a common state , a democracy , a welfare state , market economy ... do n't see the point : what is the problem with ethnic mixture ? 
  i thought ethnic states were abolished by alexander the great in 4th century bc ... spain did n't need ` homogeneity ' to build a country in 15th century , so i think that is neither a requirement to create a supranational democratic federation in 21st century . 
  ex catalonian president jordi pujol , for example , has confessed in press conference his party ( cdc ) had `` irregularities '' in funding during at least the last two decades . 
  so there is a fear inside cdc about investigations that should n't be taken apart from this new wave of nationalism . 
  is it really mad to suggest they demmand independence to get a deal that includes judicial power and then control the investigation ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in fact , i think that 's pretty much mas strategy . 
   also if catalonia gets its independence there is no way that they would be out of the eurozone . 
  this is not even written anywhere . 
  regarding this , i 'm afraid there is actually many documents . 
  here you have : http://www.aer.eu/fileadmin/user_upload/mainissues/governance/2013-publication_devolutioneu_en.pdf if you look point 64 , it says pretty clear :  ( eu committee of the regions ) recalls that if a region , having achieved independence , wanted to join the eu , it would be required to make a formal application to the council and to follow the accession procedure under article 49 teu in the same way as any other country that wished to become an eu member state concerned . 
  previous point ( 63 ) makes refference to article 4.2 of the treaty on eu , which says :  [ ... ] it shall respect their essential state functions , including ensuring the ** territorial integrity ** of the state [ ... ] . 
  so , yes , catalonia would n't immediately be a member state if got independent and thus their citizens would loose european nationality , shengen protocols , customs union and , of course , eurozone seats . 
  they could still use the euro as kosovo does : they use it as currency but they have no control over it . 
  algeria was part of france and , thus , part of the customs union and the treaty of rome . 
  they got independence and they lost european membership but also french nationality . 
   plus catalonia is a top economic region of europe , there is no interest to leave it out . 
  legally it 's not written , so no claim can be made . 
  economically wise there is a huge interest to keep it in . 
  i agree , and that 's why some people do not want to see how this region gets a colective suicide and making both spain and eu loose some economic power . 
   just like with switzerland or norway , they are doing quite okay with not being part of europe . 
  switzerland has banks that would be ilegal in almost any other country in the world . 
  norway has petrol . 
  what about catalonia ? 
  so , as i said before , we could make spain an important decentralized country like germany ... but there are many people here that want to follow kosovo and algeria in their way to suicide and fairy tales . 
  i 'm no nationalist ( i hate that ridiculous ideology ) . 
  if an eventual independence would make catalonia as rich an efficient as norway , would free spain from lots of economic responsabilities it has now in this region , and would make eu be greater than now , i would say ` yes ! ' . 
  but i ca n't . 
  i see this a fairy tale . 
  then ... we should n't accept kuwaiti citizens inside eu borders ... is it ? 
  pretty tired about nationalism these days .
