  years ago , it was psc their great . 
  remember that pp is not a right-wing party in economic terms , just in the political-moral ones . 
  reduce taxes could be right-wing , ok , but their economic policies are pretty centre-left policies . 
  about ttip , i believe they just support what alde supports , which is a liberal coalition in which i do n't know why is c 's in . 
  they are absolutely in favor of gay marriage and absolutely against privatising , by the way . 
  and bullfighting is just they way nationalists forbid it in catalonia while correbous are still in practice . 
  talking about a right-wing is a problem in spain , because economic policies from pp , ciu and pnv were not liberal , conservative and/or demochristian . 
  they were social-democrat policies . 
  and our officially social-democrat parties , like psoe , is just a new ideology in economics that believe you can spend more than the income . 
  even our far-right dictatorship was amazingly anti-liberal in economics . 
  so one of our biggest problems is we have a right-wing in moral , a far-right in erc ( they even wear black-shirts now ) , a far-left in cup , podemos and bildu and a party like psoe that thinks they can spend all they want . 
  but nobody here is actually social-democrat and , as i said , nobody is liberal in economics . 
  c 's appeared as an alternative to maragall 's psc . 
  there is a distinction between the church and a church . 
  one is the institution , wich obsiously has political interests/connotations . 
  i was referring to the building . 
  in christianism it has n't necessarily a political objective . 
  in fact , i would say many christians would feel harassed if that happened in their regular church . 
  well , actually judaism is . 
  christians believe it was so fucked up , that god himself had to become a man and teach them what they did ( killing prostitutes , killing romans , phariseeism , etc. ), 
  was actually wrong . 
  and , by the way , every single jew religious book is in the christian bible . 
  but , yes , it 's pretty strange some people call it `` the religion of peace '' when its founder was kind of a military tribal leader that did n't have any problem in beheading lots of people . 
  for the first thing , congratulations . 
  it 's difficult to find that at least in spain and othe countries . 
  at least the mid-size to big-size mosques in madrid are all of them controled by some sort of organization which is pretty near to saudi arabian government , qatari government , etc. 
  to your second answer , i have to say that was pretty shocking for me the first time i read the qu ` ran . 
  in one sura , muhammad says christians and jews are brothers in faith and it is nonsense to fight until they see who 's right . 
  a couple of suras later , he condemn them to the death because of their offenses to allah . 
  so , in my opinion , it depends on which sura you decide to trust . 
  i believe there is a huge moral failure in islam , such as the virginity of aisha or the defense of slavism , but that 's not the point . 
  the point here is what we can do to avoid islamism and jihadism within the european union borders and thus to stop a potential terrorist activity , a political problem and an amount of people that want to destroy our civilization . 
  i did n't try to do that . 
  i did n't judged the religion . 
  i simply say we europeans are used to christianism and believe everything is like that and works like that . 
  i 'm not saying islam is better or worse , i say it 's far different . 
  and as such , we have to look at it in a different way . 
  the extreme which saudis take islam is obviously possible in christianism and even in fans of classical music . 
  it 's a problem of fanatism , not the religion . 
  the problem here is this religion , and its structure , favours things like the ones we fear . 
  well ... you can say that in a simplistic way , yes . 
  but if you read the gospels , it 's difficult to oppose to some statements by jesus . 
  if you read qu ` ran , well , you 'll see that changing your religion from islam to any other ( christianism , buddhism , atheism ... ) is punished with dead . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  in first round , 68 votes are required : * 62 votes in favor ( jxs\u00ed ) * 73 votes against ( c 's , psc , catsqep , ppc , cup ) in second round , a simple majority is required : * 62 votes in favor ( jxs\u00ed ) * 63 votes against ( c 's , psc , catsqep , ppc ) * 10 abstentions ( cup ) if this situation reaches december , there are going to be new elections . 
  about the political spectrum , i would say cdc is not again a neoliberal party , but a neocon from right-wing . 
  also , i never understood why erc uses the name esquerra . 
  never seen a left-wing program in their governments . 
  i 've seen a lot of cult to leadership , race , language , culture and a lot of hate to extremaduran people and andalussian culture . 
  i would say erc is far-right . 
  cup , however , is actually a leftist party . 
  they are pretty concerned about unemployment and poverty . 
  but it 's just my opinion . 
  i did n't catalogue muslims as such . 
  here in spain we have a great presence of muslim people and i worked for a year teaching spanish to moroccan immigrants and i have many friends from ceuta or melilla . 
  what i actually said is islam is pretty easy to be corrupted into political islamism due to its essential characteristics . 
  and those essential characteristics are invisible for many europeans , since we believe that it is christianism with other rites , arts , etc. 
  but it 's very distinct and we have to know it . 
  i was specting people from here rejected this racist french politician , but they 're actually supporting her . 
  kind of sad , i 'm afraid ... 
  i believe people from all religions , ethnicities and ideologies can enter in the european union without problems . 
  the problem is when religion becomes fundamentalism , ethnicity becomes nationalism and ideology becomes totalitarism . 
  but that can be avoided with the proper policies of integration of immigrants . 
  we have to reject assimilation ( refusing one 's religion/ethnicity/ideology and getting only the one in the new country ) and fight for integration ( adapting to the new country and it democratic values without rejecting one 's origin ) . 
  the problem here is we believe islam is a conventional religion as christianism is , but it 's actually not . 
  i mean , we use to think a mosque is a muslim church , an imam is a muslim priest and qu ` ran is the muslim bible . 
  studying and understanding islam is pretty important to understand this . 
  a mosque is not just a building where muslims can go to pray , it 's a political center for the city . 
  and as such , the imam has a political role here . 
  as a matter of fact , he is usually appointed by foreign governments such as saudi arabian government . 
  the great mosque of madrid , where i live , is considered part of saudi arabian embassy and , as such , a political centre of saudi arabian in spain . 
  i have many muslim friends that stopped going to this mosque because its links with , you know , `` strange activity '' . 
  later , i saw in tv how the cni ( spanish intelligence ) warned about people getting flights to turkey or syria through this mosque . 
  also , you have to understand qu ` ran is not like the bible . 
  the gospels are a compilation of stories about jesus in which he tries to explain good behaviour . 
  structure of qu ` ran is binary : this is good , this is bad . 
  and also , in some sense , a law book : this is a sin and it must be punished like this . 
  i 'm not a radical islamophobic man , but i know what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's because german has the same language as germany and switzerland , 
  well , actually in spain we use `` suiza '' as a common name but `` confederaci\u00f3n helv\u00e9tica '' as a formal and official name . 
  i can not find any statement from c 's that could make anyone to think it is a right-wing party . 
  in the economics it is very similar to any social-democrat party in europe . 
  in the moral , c 's is in favor of homosexual marriage and religion out of public schools . 
  those are statements usually confered to centre-left parties . 
  they want to revise the territorial organization , which is not a right-wing issue . 
  in fact , our territorial organization was made by ucd , which came from falange espa\u00f1ola , so i would n't say c 's is right-wing . 
  and also , i can understand you do not support a right-wing party , but right-wing politics are not bad per se . 
  neither do the left-wing politics . 
  c 's is our new leader . 
  all hail rivera !, 
  god save arrimadas !, 
   but for example the kurds , they are a nation that never had their own state and is spread over different countries . 
  but people generally do n't dispute that they are their own people , they just never had a country . 
  it depends on the definition . 
  there are three possible definitions of * nation * : * population of a sovereign state . 
  * people with a common culture . 
  * ethnic group . 
  in the third sense , kurds are a nation . 
  but not in the first one . 
  and in the second definition , i do n't either see the point and i would say they are divided into different cultures and can be counted as other bigger cultures .
