  by the way , i support a legal referendum , but not in the terms the nationalist claim . 
  i support a legal referendum like the one in quebec and the one in scotland . 
  i would copy canada 's act of clarity . 
  but in my opinion , nationalist would n't be satisfied . 
  that 's why i doubt romeva or junqueras or any other celebrity within junts pel s\u00ed are going to be elected as president of catalonia . 
  their candidate is mas . 
  and thus , there will be new elections in a couple of months . 
  i hope this time there is not a huge masturbation with dreams , flags and ethno-linguistic supremacy and the different parties just propose what to do with unemployment , corruption and pharmacies , which are the main problems of catalonia . 
  well , that 's your opinion . 
  belgium or lithuania have problems with those claiming for the self-determination ( not the `` right to decide '' , which is just a propaganda term ) and they recognised kosovo . 
  slovakia has no problem with independentism and they do not recognise kosovo . 
  turkey has a lot of problems with the kurdish tribes and it recognises kosovo . 
  but anyways , it is illegal , so it 's not a bad idea spanish central government decided to ignore kosovo . 
  that 's not exactly true . 
  spain recognised the independence of netherlands , netherlands recognised the independence of belgium , austria recognised the independence of hungary ... 
  this was in law as a result of international treaties , such as the peace of westphalia or the treaty of versailles . 
  with kosovo ... there has n't been any treaty . 
  it was just a udi performed by former terrorist groups following nato 's interests . 
  well , i find * your * statements childish , not that of every single voter . 
  but , as you see , you 're just a bunch of victimists , so even if central government would allow a poll , you would claim about everything because you do n't want a referendum , you want to break the country . 
  a referendum is just an excuse to do so . 
  if you lose , you 'll say it was not democratic enough . 
  as you have always being saying since 1978 . 
  1 ) that section of us const . 
  was already amended , so it has not power now . 
  2 ) us constitution was written in 1787 . 
  ours was written in 1978 . 
  it 's pretty different . 
  in any case , it can be changed , as both constitutions have been throughout all these years . 
  3 ) where was the right to self-determination recognised for southern us ? 
  4 ) do you know what the un says about self-determination ? 
  resolution 1514 does recognise that in three cases ( colonies , invaded territories , people without human rights ) . 
  not the situation of catalonia , anyways . 
  5 ) according to your statements , a small town like baltimore could self-determinate and become a sovereign state without asking the federal government or the state of maryland . 
  that would be cool for them , they would n't pay taxes to annapolis or washington and would n't suffer us police repression against black people , the main ethnicity of baltimore . 
  i do n't understand your comparison with black people and `` the south '' ( i assume it is the south of the us ) . 
  do n't know what right was violated . 
  c 's ? 
  really ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  in that case , cdc members of catalan parliament wo n't vote . 
  mas and many of these cdc people are trying to win in order to avoid a judicial sentence because of pujol/palau/3 % / catdem case . 
  so i do n't see artur mas being a counselor of a government apointed by junqueras . 
  if he does so , cdc is officially dead . 
  like udc , though . 
  the arguments of passion , ilussion and fetishism are not new , that 's all . 
  my second point makes perfect sense . 
  if madrid allow barcelona a referendum like in canada or gb , you wo n't be satisfied in the means , saying `` spanish state is trying to cheat the poll '' . 
  and , whenever the results come , you will say `` we have to repeat it , it was not the referendum we wanted '' . 
  and then madrid will say it is enough , and you 'll start to cry again claiming spain is stealing our taxes , un , eu and nato have to interfere , and repating the same childish staff about liberty , freedom , history , racism and victimism . 
  it 's the same story every year , so i 'm kind of used to it . 
   i agree that it was ilegal for me because i am from serbia and because my constitution says so . 
  it may be the same case with spanish constitution . 
  then it is illegal . 
   international law does n't say that seccesion is illegal , sadly . 
  yes it is . 
  international court of the hague was n't able to say anything . 
  an ambiguous answer is what they gathered . 
   serbia is n't so much an ally to putin as it is to russia . 
  putin is just current president . 
  at this moment , russia is putin and putin is russia . 
  so i 'm pretty sure kosovo was illegal but supported by the west just to fuck an ally of russia . 
  which is absolutely unfair , i agree . 
   maybe . 
  i 'm a bit sceptical that that would be a case if it was n't for catalonia . 
  i think that spain would fall under pressure of other western allies , to recognise kosovo , if it was n't for catalonia . 
  the problem here is spain is not an ally of russia , it is an ally of us , uk , canada , sweden , germany and we are in the nato . 
  as a matter of fact , bbc is clearly anti-independence movement but rt ( putintv ) is an absolute fan of catalonian secessionism . 
   anyway , i 'm grateful to your government for honouring my country . 
  i am pro-european and i am pro-nato too . 
  but kosovo is a shame . 
  you did n't diserve that . 
  the west did more or less the same putin is performing in ukraine or georgia , and we just do n't like it . 
  if we want to win , we have to respect law . 
  us thought cutting excommunist countries into pieces ( ussr , yugoslavia , czechslovakia , etc. ), 
  would be better . 
  it has been a massive mistake . 
  erc and cup are anti-capitalist and anti-globalization movements . 
  us wo n't be there . 
  you said the same in 2012 , in 2013 , in 9-n 2014 and now 27-s 2015 . 
  man , catalan nationalism is like a cult from southern us : they announce the come of the christ is going to be in a certain date , it obviously does n't happen , and then they come up with a new date . 
  i could support a referendum like quebec-canada or scotland-gb , but i do n't see if nationalists would be satisfied . 
  you only get satisfied if you won or , at least , if you seem to have won , like yesterday . 
  and when you loose , such as the cortes vote against a legal referendum , you say it 's not democratic . 
  there 's going to be new elections in a couple of months . 
  mas is not going to be elected by the catalan parliament because they 'll see 62 votes in favor ( jxs\u00ed ) , 63 against ( c 's , psc , pp , csqep ) and 10 against/abstentions ( cup ) . 
  so , in a couple of months , new autonomic elections in catalonia , which i believe would repeat the same : less votes for cdc+erc , more votes for c 's and cup . 
  constituencies of the kingdom of spain : https://luisamariaarias.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/mapa-de-provincias-espac3b1olas.gif constituencies of the autonomous community of catalonia : http://eee.cervantes.es/imagenes/mapas/7.jpg some of these are highly populated , such as madrid ( 6\u00a01/2 million people ) or barcelona ( 5\u00a01/2 million people ) , but some of them are not , such as segovia ( 160.000 people ) or l\u00e9rida ( 440.000 people ) . 
  the difference of density makes unpopulated provinces very important . 
  that 's not completely fair . 
  spanish government said no to kosovo because it was not legal . 
  uk and belgium have the same ( or even higher problem ) with scotland and flanders and they accepted kosovo as a sovereign entity . 
  we did n't because it was illegal . 
  international law says it 's clearly illegal . 
  it 's simply us , uk , germany and france wanted a micro-state there because : 1 ) it used to be communist ; 2 ) serbia is an ally of putin . 
  that 's all . 
  we did n't enter in that match because it 's illegal . 
  who are you to state santa coloma has n't an `` adequate state infrastructure '' ? 
  you opress me :(, 
  define `` opress '' , please .
