so , if i 'm from santa coloma , i have the right to self-determinate and avoid the rule of catalan laws ? 
  yes it does . 
  but let me say basque country , navarre and catalonia are way too far from the rest of spanish regions in terms of self-government . 
  that being said , catalonia is easily one of the regions with the highest rate of self-government in the west . 
  higher than any german l\u00e4nder and higher than scotland . 
  and higher than any us state or canadian province in many things , too . 
  thanks for explaining this better than i could . 
  you should because it is law and you * say * you 're democrats and the rule of law is a principle . 
  could i live in an independent catalonia without respecting law ? 
  that would be awesome , because i do n't like to pay taxes and all of that . 
  catalonia is not a colony and , as such , i find this an unfair comparation . 
  i believe independences in spanish america were necessary , but i doubt they were accomplished through the best way . 
  i would have prefered something like the british north america acts of 1867 , which would have avoided spanish america to split into more than 20 sovereign entities with huge rivalities . 
  you stand for the election to the proper assembly in order to change the law . 
  if you win , you change the law . 
  if you lose , you respect the law until the next elections , in which you stand again in order to eventually change the law . 
  that 's what democracy is . 
  we could eventually call a referendum for all the spanish citizens in order to ask them if they agree with giving more powers to catalonia ( tax office , for example ) . 
  but if people reject that in a referendum , you have to respect people 's choice . 
  i 'm not a paternalist , but a democrat , that 's why i 'm asking respect for the rule of law . 
  i hope anyone who wins the election respects the rule of law . 
  the problem here is not the secession , which is not gon na happen , but the interests of certain politicians in avoiding some spanish laws and avoiding a debate about their management of economy . 
  i think that is the problem of catalonia right now , which in my opinion is much higher than just a flag-crowded meeting claiming secession . 
  countries with no heat and no beach do n't know that , in some places , we see everyday women `` partially undressed '' ( bikini , miniskirt , etc. ) . 
  if this statement were true , here in spain we would see a rape almost every single day . 
  we do n't . 
  as a matter of fact , i have the impression that it is more common in central europe than in spain . 
  so maybe the problem is within the society , not the victim . 
  i would present a referendum to ask britons if they want another referendum . 
  are there many euro-skeptical people in poland ? 
  i thought polish people liked eu and $ ... 
  bulgaria , in the shadow , conquering the entire world, 
  the problem is al assad is not an ally to the west or the eu , it 's an ally to russia and iran . 
  so there 's a big problem . 
  what we could say is who wanted to take him down from the government of syria . 
  do n't saudi arabia , qatar and turkey have any responsability here ? 
  some people say that these countries saw democrats would never win the war , so they tried to give money to the original islamic state ( al qaeda in mesopotamia ) in order to destroy a pro-iran regime . 
   russia did n't not attack ukraine and georgia i 'm pretty sure russia did attack both countries . 
  spain is different , and it 's true . 
  pp is actually a party that wo n't do liberal reforms and try to make a mixture between liberal and socialdemocrat that are completely out of sense ( labour reform was ridiculous , i.g. ) . 
  and psoe is not a socialdemocrat party ( i would love one ) , but a party that believes indeed that you can spend public funds without any kind of restriction . 
  if we had a strong liberal/demochristian party ( such as merkel 's cdu ) and a serious socialdemocrat one ( such as labour party or the nordic ones ) , we could have a strong economy combined with an efficient welfare state . 
  but , you know , we 're just different ... 
  the problem is the alternatives are c 's ( which i believe is just a mixture of both parties , but appart from democratic values i found them pretty na\u00efve , specially in economy ) , podemos ( which i believe could be a disaster ) and nationalist movements , which are not an option for people who wants economic and social development . 
  but in any case , we have n't an openly xenophobic and anti- $ party like ukip that mixtures both nationalism with anti-system movements . 
  well , ok , we have vox , but it has n't a seat in any parliament or big city . 
  in other words , i preffer spain with pp than uk with ukip . 
  man , that would be terrible ... 
  oh , so you can not tolerate a person who considers that not paying a debt has consequences . 
  and thus you feel legit to say `` fuck off '' to that person . 
  ok , then ... 
  having a majority of votes does not exempt a political party to do what they want . 
  if what they promised is not subject to the rule of law , legally they can not fulfill their promises . 
  not a democracy , then . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  is that all you 've got to answer to someone that finds `` reasonable '' a political speech ? 
  rule of law , human rights , separation of powers and electoral process which is equal , secret and not interfered by government ( or other countries ) . 
  is that all respected in belarus as it is in uk , germany , spain , usa or france ? 
  yes , i know , that 's why there is a problem . 
  if you were british prime minister and i were spanish president of the government , i would recognise your severignty over gibraltar if : 1 ) it becomes part of the uk as any other constituent country ( or as ceuta in the case of spain ) ; and 2 ) taxes are way far of the tax haven they already are . 
  as i said before , i do n't mind if it 's spanish or british . 
  for me , that 's not the question . 
  for me , the question is when will it lose its colony status and when will it stop being a tax haven . 
  about its european membership , it is not inside the customs union and it is quoted as a `` special case '' territory in communitarian law . 
  so it 's not part of the eu as germany , france or spain can be . 
  the ` statu-quo ' has only two effects on us : we can not understand each other and many corrupt guys from both britain and spain are violating taxes laws in gibraltar . 
  as i said , i do n't believe in the national state in this age , so the problem is not the severeignty . 
  it came from the common sense since the first human organization merged in this planet . 
  every crisis , change or revolution is economical , then turns social , then turns political . 
  do n't try to say it 's western people 's fault ... 
  i do n't know if i 'm wrong but ... could belarus be considered a * democracy * in the terms usually given to that term in the west ? 
  first of all , thanks for your answer . 
  i see i was right and a democratic decission to abandon russia and join eu would eventually be * solvented * like current situation in georgia and ukraine . 
  i can understand that belarus economic and social interests requires to be aligned with russia . 
  that 's fair and that 's respectful . 
  but what i was trying to say is that if any of your leaders decided to abandon russia and join eu , it would be a militar intervention by russia such as those in georgia and ukraine . 
  in other words , is it possible to have a real democracy in belarus ? 
  what would there happen if a pro-eu party wins general elections ? 
  would russia try to solve the problem sending some diplomats ? 
  or could there be a transnistria , crimea or abkhazia echo ? 
  what international law , fundamental law , judicial/constitutional sentence or european obligation were ignored or even violated in spanish parliaments ? 
  fortunately , although totalitarians would love to , you can not do that in a state of law , which means the rule of law is a sacred value and principle . 
  it 's part of any democracy in the west ( except nationalist , if it 's true they want democracy ) and it 's recognised in the first article of the spanish constitution :  spain is hereby established as a social and democratic state , ** subject to the rule of law ** , which advocates freedom , justice , equality and political pluralism as highest values of its legal system . 
  then you do not know either how law nor the rule of law works in a constitutional democracy , i 'm afraid . 
  if you believe a law must be accomplished wether it 's legal or not or wether it has some sentences besides or not , you just do not understand nothing about democracy . 
  your nationalist argument is , by the way , pretty simplistic . 
  if i would n't want to speak catalonian and i would want to separate my home from the catalan state , could i just say ` goodbye ' ? 
  i hope so , then , because i would like to pay my own taxes . 
  did n't belarus and russia sign that treatment ? 
  do n't both countries form a union state ? 
  would n't belarus suffer the consequencies of breaking ties and gettin near the eu and nato , such as ukraine and georgia suffer ? 
  if you can show me i 'm wrong , i will beg you pardon . 
  and i will appreciate that , too . 
  statutes of autonomy are an organic law of the kingdom of spain , not a generic law in the autonomous community of catalonia . 
  this is really important if you want to know there is a vertical relation between laws . 
  a law is not only the text is has . 
  it has many other things , such as a constitutional sentence . 
  i know totalitarian movements like nationalism does n't like the fact that there is a fundamental law in a democracy ( and , in the end , that there is a democracy ) , but we live in a democratic state , so let 's see what constitutional court sentence says about the article you quoted . 
  http://www.tribunalconstitucional.es/es/jurisprudencia/paginas/sentencia.aspx?cod=16119 here you have the constitutional sentence about that statute of autonomy of catalonia . 
  it says the third additional provision is not unconstitutional if it is construed according to 138th juridic foundation .
