  so , answering to my previous question , i think you have no idea about the spanish political system . 
  constitutional tribunal in spain follows the austrian/hybrid model . 
  there are three models : * french or political system , which follows what our council of state is . 
  former presidents , former senators , relevant politicians , etc. 
  it 's heavily politicized . 
  * anglo-saxon or judicial system , which leaves the constitutional justice on the supreme court . 
  it 's pretty slow . 
  * hybrid or austrian system , followed by germany , italy and spain , which creates an specific organism for this issues . 
  it is , in my opinion , the best system . 
  ** by the way , constitutional court is not judiciary , it is legislature ** . 
  and also , catalonian government has just created a * tribunal de garant\u00edas estatutarias * , which is a constitutional court for the * estatuto de autonom\u00eda * . 
  this new catalan organism follows the same structure as the central spanish one , uses the austrian model and the election system is pretty much the same . 
  if my daughter did that , i would force her into pay them back to the store . 
  and then maybe a peaceful chat about sex and her boyfriend . 
  i can not understand what the fuck is going on in some parents that feel they have to kill their daughter because ... such a stupid thing ... 
  do you know what we should do ? 
  call a referendum for all the eu ( not divided in 28 states ) in order to pass/reject ttip . 
  it would be a good way to : * see what european people actually want * start eu-level referendums for some important issues, 
  i believe it is a good way . 
  if they would have done that before the catalan elections , i could understand it could have some influence in the results ... but in the later days ? 
  then why you claim as bad that a political leader is accused and being investigated because of things like overtaking of public office ? 
  why do you believe there is not separation between executive and judicial powers ? 
  would overtaking of public office be legal in an independent catalonia ? 
  the qu ` ran says there must be a punishment . 
  the haddith says muhammad said this punishment is death . 
  i want to live with muslims both in spain and in the european union . 
  but to accomplish that , we need to make them understand those statements by qu ` ran and haddith are not useful today . 
  we did with jews and christians . 
  it 's difficult , but possible . 
  do you guys know how the constitutional court or the ordinary courts work in spanish legal system ? 
  haddith , which is essential for sunnis and a pretty important font for shiis , actually does . 
   no doubt , i would have killed them , for the prophet said , ` if somebody ( a muslim ) discards his religion , kill him . ', 
  1 ) spanish government does n't decide who is `` imputed '' . 
  2 ) `` imputed '' does n't mean mas has commited a delict . 
  he is just within the investigation . 
  3 ) would a hipothetical independent catalonia have an independent judicial power ? 
  your statement frightens me . 
  yes . 
  years ago . 
  that 's what we changed in europe . 
  and we must do so with mosques . 
  they had n't that change . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  not i made a call in my message for `` studying and understandin islam '' . 
  i 'm not a fundamentalist christian , nor a person that personally hates islam . 
  pretty true . 
  spain has an amazing intern production and consumption of cheese , and we are not that tall . 
  but if we 're talking about cheese , i recommend manchego varieties . 
  also , canary cheese with * mojo pic\u00f3n * is absolutely gorgeus . 
  burgos cheese is awesome too . 
  this year i discovered some monks in a town near santander . 
  their cheese was fucking awesome with their strawberry jam . 
  not exactly . 
  let me explain this . 
  christianity mixing with politics , execution , crusades , inquisition , etc. 
  is clearly against its own principles , against its own scriptures . 
  as soon as people had a public education and started to read , among others , the bible , they began to understand that was pretty wrong . 
  but , if you read qu ` ran and the hadith , you find apostasy must be punished to dead , child marriage is valid and slavery is also valid . 
  in other words , crusades were against the gospels , but jihad is explicity mentioned in the qu ` ran and the hadith . 
  for instance : http://www.usc.edu/org/cmje/religious-texts/hadith/bukhari/052-sbt.php#004.052.260  ali burnt some people and this news reached ibn ` abbas , who said , `` had i been in his place i would not have burnt them , as the prophet said , ` do n't punish ( anybody ) with allah 's punishment . ', 
  no doubt , i would have killed them , for the prophet said , ` if somebody ( a muslim ) discards his religion , kill him . ', 
  i must say things like these are in the old testament , which is followed by jews . 
  but here 's the big difference : jews now respect european civil values ( tolerance , church-state separation , etc. ) . 
  there is not a fundamentalist jew movement in politics outside of israel . 
  with islam , it 's very different . 
  i 'm not telling we have to forbid or fight islam , if that 's what you understood . 
  i 'm saying we have to understand what islam is and then design a strategy to integrate muslims into the european civil values . 
  http://www.usc.edu/org/cmje/religious-texts/quran/verses/009-qmt.php#009.066  make ye no excuses : ye have rejected faith after ye had accepted it . 
  if we pardon some of you , we will punish others amongst you , for that they are in sin . 
   that 's why they take people from pxc , falange and hang out with the tramontana nazis the 12th of october ? 
  many spanish nationalist parties are right-wing or far-right . 
  october 12 ^ th was just a demonstration supporting the unity , so there can be people from far-right ... or not , such as psc and c 's . 
  people from former terra lliure went to many demonstrations claiming independence , but i would n't say cdc and erc are terrorist parties . 
   that 's why they always vote the same than pp and avoid to condemn the francois dictatorship and the nazi germany in the parliament ? 
  because they are right wing and they want to become a psc alternative . 
  i believe a nationalsocialist dictatorship that critisized the rule of law has a lot in common with pseudo-fascist parties , such as erc , not with c 's . 
  in fact , what i believe is that it was easier to change from a nationalist regime ( franco 's ) to another nationalist `` democracy '' ( pujolism ) than changing to an open liberal democracy . 
  but the principles are the same : we 're the best , the outsiders are the worst , we are oppressed by an external power , we have to oppress their supporters to live in liberty ... 
  it 's nationalism . 
  not the greatest invention by the man . 
  and , by the way , people that leave some flowers over totalitarian murderer leaders like companys should n't speak out loud about this terms . 
  i 've never seen any pp or c 's celebrity coming to valle de los ca\u00eddos to leave flowers over franco 's grave , but i see the same every single year with companys . 
   if you really want a psc alternative , you better start to make it yourself . 
  but do n't be na\u00efve and trust cs . 
  they are pp with hot and young people as spokespersons . 
  but ... is that bad ? 
  i mean , pp is a valid party . 
  you do n't like it , ok , but it 's a valid one . 
  they respect the fundamental law , courts ' sentences , integrity of the autonomies and has a very good policy about foreign affairs . 
  indeed , the kingdom of spain has now a non-permanent seat in the united nations security council . 
  but actually , in economics and in morality c 's resambles psc-psoe . 
  the big difference is their concept about territorial organization and the electoral law . 
  their economic promises are social-democrat , their morality includes homosexual marriage and separation between church and state and a lot of their leaders came from left-wing parties ( psc-psoe and psuc-icv , mainly ) . 
  i do n't personally support them , just some of their policies . 
  in economics , i find them pretty bad . 
  in morality , i really do n't care . 
  in their promises about changing the laws and the constitution , i 'm very skeptical . 
  but hey , at least they want to change the country through law , not breaking it through high parties with lots of flags and catchy slogans and threating with not following the rule of law principle after losing elections . 
  now ? 
  probably .
