  it has been amended many times . 
  i support the use of referendum for certain matters , but not for some others . 
  that 's all . 
  well , maybe it is because i am european , but i believe in violence monopoly by the power of the sovereign state . 
  i 've lived in a country in which there has been terrorist activity , so maybe that conditions my point of view . 
  anyways , how is it in canada ? 
  are guns legal in there ? 
  well , it 's a reason to be proud . 
  whenever i see the violent attacks at public schools in the usa , i feel comfortable in european union ... 
  none of those . 
  my problem is we can not vanalize a democratic tool like referendum is . 
  that 's poetry . 
  let 's translate : * `` the male member has a thousand names . '', 
  * `` some are small , some are big , some are fat , some are thin . '', 
  and then a huge list of different names we usually give to penis . 
  poetry . 
  edited , 
  targeting rebels but no isis ? 
  thanks russia !, 
  well , that 's cool , but can not be applied to any country in the world . 
  i do n't know the case of switzerland , but i know the one in the us and i do not know why it is still legal . 
  when these things happened . 
  let 's call a referendum to see if people want to pay taxes . 
  or death penalty . 
  or banning islam . 
  or , as it is the case , close doors to immigrants . 
  it 's ok , thank you for correcting that  maybe `` forbidden and heavily punished '' is what i wanted to express . 
  is it correct ? 
  thanks anyway , 
  game . 
  set . 
  match . 
  what a surprise !, 
  i am pretty proud of living in a country in which these weapons are heavily forbidden . 
  italy ? 
  man , we where piigs bros :p, 
  then stop answering with stupid things every single post i do . 
  go out and know people , make friends , and all of that . 
  south korea is mecca of these videos . 
  i love portugal , man . 
  i 've been several times in alentejo and , oh god , love it . 
  yes , that 's pretty much it . 
  it actually is . 
  you can go boe and find it . 
  in central spain there is no problem with catalan and other regional languages . 
  ca n't say the same with catalonian nationalists like you are . 
  well , indian in a wide sense could include pakistani . 
  the point is people from that part of the world are quite superior in destroying our ashaming pride in youtube . 
  not to talk about south koreans . 
  those are masters . 
  in syria and iraq , yes they do , they speak different dialects of arab . 
  but afghanistan and pakistan ? 
  nope . 
  some of them speak farsi/persian , some of them speak punjabi , and most of them speak urdu . 
  arab for them is just a cultural language for the mosque and national motto . 
  that 's a pretty smart decision . 
  love those special effects when cars are about to explode . 
  simply perfect . 
  indians play in another league . 
  romanians or spaniards ca n't even try to compare to them in this kind of stuff . 
  man , this is gold : o, 
  from an iberian mate to an iberian mate : [ what about this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjazp9tx6b4 ) i think the * carnificina * scene is pretty awesome :d, 
  what the heck does [ guti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guti_%28footballer%29 ) do in estonia ? 
  [ aserej\u00e9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0pisge66my ) , a classic among classics , trashy among rubbish and more embarrassing than any other sin . 
  ** important data : ** all of your public tvs ( bbc , f24 , rai ... ) opened their news report at least once with this videoclip . 
  nice google skills , but if you read the quotes of those links , there is no mention to a federal process , but rather different ways to build unity . 
  these ways can be grouped into * supranationalism * , which states we should forget the westphalian nation-state model , and * intergovernmentalism * , which states we should respect the intern decission of each government , which is more or less what we have now . 
  the united states of europe , at the moment , is pretty difficult and actually unnecessary in the short term . 
  the fight is not for or against federalism . 
  the fight is supranationalism vs. intergovernmentalism . 
  difference is quite big . 
  we are not going to be the united states of europe in the short term . 
  at the moment , there is no such federal process within the european union . 
  maybe our grandsons could see that , but not we . 
  i have n't even mentioned the federal issue , so i do n't know why you told this to me . 
  anyways , uk being the second largest contributor is far of being bad . 
  because of that condition , you get cheap labour , you can freely take your enterprises everywhere you want within the eu . 
  you do n't need to pay duties when importing/exporting , etc. 
  i personally can understand the argument of uk being an important contributor , but ca n't understand why it does mean the other 27 must accept all your petitions . 
  if a rich man entered in a public hospital shouting he pays more taxes than anyone in the queue and thus he wants to be the first in surgery and to receive the best cares , we would say he 's an insensitive , crazy old man . 
  the point is catalonia is pretty well represented in our parliament , and those catalan congressmen and catalan senators also vote resolutions , laws and amendments that affect to the entire country . 
  and i must say most of catalan congressmen ( in spanish parliament ) voted against the independence referendum -- yes , there was a vote about this question and it was rejected . 
  and thus , catalonian regional government did n't get permission to call a referendum . 
  and the superior court of justice of catalonia warned catalonian regional government that they could n't do this if national parliament did n't allow this . 
  but they did -- in a very anti-democratic way , i must say , since you could print your vote from the internet and they were counted by political leaders of secessionist parties . 
  as a matter of fact , some people said they voted multiple times in this * referendum * . 
  so , there was a vote , they lost it . 
  there was a judiciary warn , they ignored it . 
  and then there is a prosecution . 
  why should catalan judiciary ignore government delicts ? 
  in my opinion , a government must respect the law . 
  if they do n't like the law , they ask to change it . 
  if it looses the vote , then it must respect its results . 
  if it respects neither the law nor the vote , then it 's going to be a prosecution . 
  it 's pretty logical , in my opinion . 
  great britain is one of the most benefited country in the eu . 
  its enterprises have been entering throughout the entire territory and there is a exclusive treaty eu-uk that allows this country to retain their currency and their tax havens ( jersey , guernsey , gibraltar , etc. ) . 
  i would say abandon the eu is not an option for the uk since it powered even more its economic value . 
  but , in the other hand , i do n't know why the other 27 countries should give even more privileges and benefits to the uk .
