   this could be true in 2012 , when mas ( our president ) wanted the fiscal pact . 
  this is n't true today , when we are left with 6 years of 0 dialogue and no other option apart from breaking away . 
  well , that is your opinion . 
  mine is the lack of negotiation is a smart strategy by catalan nationalist movement . 
   this is not true , some are fabrications from madrid ( the press knows at what time they should be recording on cdc 's hq , how curious ) and only affect cdc , which is n't the only party in the list . 
  well , the conspiracy theory about madrid and spanish secret service are building political corruption delicts is , at least , na\u00efve . 
  and yes , i quoted cdc , which is the most important ally in the list . 
   they do , the majority of the comerce chambers in catalonia are independentist and investment is booming since the possibility of secession was announced . 
  the independence movement is socially driven , not politically . 
  this argument is 100 % false , we forced mas to organize the plebiscite , he was n't even an independentist ( see : fiscal pact negotiations of 2012 ) . 
  anc ( a social organization with 0 political ties ) organized most of the demonstrations and were attended by the population , which were the biggest in the history of europe . 
  just read what i 've just said . 
  pretty na\u00efve , i 'm afraid . 
   false again , there 's no procedure or recorded case of seccession inside the eu so there 's no protocol . 
  plus there 's no official statement of the organization about what would happen , this is pure speculation . 
  i have international law studies , trust me if i say you this . 
  a new state is considered a third state , so it has to negotiate the treaties and the international organizations membership . 
  for example , catalonia would n't enter immediately in the uno . 
  catalonian chief of state should have to call the secretary general , he/she would call the security council and they should vote (  9 votes , no veto ) , then eventually voted as a majority in the un assembly . 
  similarly , catalonia would n't be immediately within the eu . 
  the new state should negotiate instead . 
  eu treaties and european comission have build the mechanism to join the eu along these years . 
  one of them is being accepted by unanimity , that would be almost impossible for an independence since it 's one of the biggest threats for our union . 
  spain would obviously veto a catalonian entry , but belgium , france , italy , lithuania and the uk , which have also nationalists within their borders could n't send a message like that -- `` hey , get the independence , flanders/brittany/tyrol / russians/scotland , we will be friends ! . '', 
  but there are some other important requirements , specially the economic ones . 
  an independent catalonia would have problems with border taxes and with foreign investments . 
  that would cause a new wave of labour destruction and less budget for the new state . 
  and also ... what about the spanish state debt with other european countries ? 
  what about the huge debt catalonia has with the rest of spain because of the autonomic liquidity-cash fund ? 
  you talk about blackmailing spain and eu about `` policing that border '' . 
  i answer you : then why should spain and eu let catalonia be independent if that 's the nationalist way of politics ? 
  as i always say to nationalists : why could n't you be co-operative with the rest of spain in order to build a country like germany or sweden ? 
  why do you have to force us to choose between ` statu quo ' and kosovo ? 
  israel is a war state . 
  japan is an island . 
  eu is a peaceful continent . 
  i could , trust me, 
  so this confirms that schengen make non-eu people to be fucking around , does n't it ? 
  i am pretty skeptical about any nationalist movement , both unionist or seccesionist . 
  in the special case of catalan independence movement , which i know pretty well , i am very sure that it 's just a move in order to earn even more power . 
  for foreign people : spain is not a unitary state , nor a federal one . 
  we called it `` autonomic state '' , which means that each region has an autonomous regime and they can negotiate more power with the central government . 
  as you can imagine , if central government considers not to giving even more power to a certain region , it considers the posibility of separating of spain . 
  they constitutionally can not , but because of our system we have a very weak central government ( spain is quoted as the most decentralized country in the world , even more than canada ) , so it usually gives up and transfers more powers to the regions . 
  also , in catalonia the main nationalist party is splited in two parts ( pro-unilaterally , pro-negotiation first ) . 
  the first one ( which promised to declare independence if they have enough seats ) has a lot of problems with political corruption . 
  in other words , this is kind of a wrestling between catalonian government and the central government . 
  of course , liberals and enterprises inside of this movement do not want an independent catalonia . 
  they only need the spanish state to give them a regional judicial power so they can control the judges . 
  and thus , some corrupt people from the main catalonian party ( cdc ) be set free . 
  that 's at least my interpretation of the problem . 
  and also , eu treaties have been referred as not recognise a new european state as part of the eu , so a hypothetical independent catalonia would eventually out of eurozone , eu , central european bank , customs union ... 
  so i would say it would be a madness to get out of spain . 
  and also , catalonia exports and imports almost everything to/from other spanish regions , so it would be an economic suicide to have border duty ... 
  i think i could live in almost anyone that is inside the eu and/or the eurozone . 
  reality and 21st century force hungary , not the european union . 
  by the way , mr. orb\u00e1n is a member of a ethno-religious minority in hungary . 
  actually , if we wanted to protect our societies , we should not vote this kind of political party . 
  that 's where european welfare state enters : education . 
  it 's pretty important to educate new european muslim kids in liberal civil rights and constitucional guarantees, 
  it depends on the model of welfare state , i 'm afraid . 
  maybe scandinavian one is less healthy in long time , but i believe the british model can survive many years . 
  i know pretty well islam and any other major religion , trust me . 
  qu ` ran says many things that are not compatible with civilization as we western people understand ... that 's why it is important to make civilization reach islam . 
  see torah and tanaj : it says jews should kill prostitutes and blasphemers ... but jews do n't do that because they believe those laws are not valid in 21st century . 
   that 's only a problem because of unemployment rates , with lower ones it works even better . 
  do you remember how spain was reducing its deficit/debt during the boom ? 
  then it was sustainable and profitable because working people with decent salaries spend ( and latins a lot ) and pay taxes . 
  an unemployment rate is way easier to be controled with a low population . 
  that is a fact . 
  it is not only unemployment . 
  we have for example a low natality rate , which makes it difficult to pay our pension system . 
  we also have a pretty restrictive territorial organization . 
  that kind of things are making spain difficult ... but all those things are socially speaking difficult to change since they are consolidated in our society . 
   that 's unpopular because it 's proven wrong so far , it might work in another countries ( i doubt it though ) but not in spain . 
  you ca n't blame our unemployment rates on the labour market regulations being too rigid , when basically every single company do n't follow them . 
  union agreements ? 
  they are basically wet paper since the 2010 labour market reform , and i doubt i need to tell you about how fraudulent it 's to renew temporary contracts repeatedly or false freelancers contracting practises . 
  where and when has it been proved as * wrong * ? 
  every country i see without a law that forces every single contract to be indefinite has a lower unemployment rate . 
  and ... well , 2010 labour reform was not a liberal nor a social bill , it was a control debt law in order to pay germany as soon as ~ ~ im ~ ~ possible . 
  i 'm talking just about creating a labor market that resambles the continental model ( dutch , german , austrian , french ... ) or the anglo-saxon one ( british , canadian , australian ... ) . 
  even the scandinavian is an option since they cut benefits down if they catch a man not asking for a job . 
  in spain and italy , unfortunately , there are too many people that do not want to work because of these laws . 
  but removing those would make you win a single election never again . 
  i 'm not neoliberal , by the way . 
  but i believe there is not a liberal party in spain and in any other mediterranian eu country , and that 's part of the problem . 
  values ? 
  could be , depending on what values . 
  democracy ? 
  why would democracy drop because of immigration ? 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  three sovereign states with 20 million people is a very low population rate . 
  it simplifies the system . 
  spain more than doubles that , so i believe that huge advantage is not possible here . 
  i think welfare state is an imperative way of live both in spain and in the european union . 
  but i must say some things in the spanish system have been done wrong . 
  same as in italian , portuguese and greek . 
  i would support a rationalization of our welfare state and a deregularization of labor market . 
  that is as efficient as unpopular , i 'm afraid ...
