  the second definition , which is the one used by nationalists in catalonia , is a very undetermined term . 
  why catalonia and not barcelona ? 
  or maybe latin countries ? 
  could spain conquer portugal ? 
  do n't see this . 
   of course a nation-state is a bit of a sliding scale . 
  you could say that cultural and linguistic differences are very large between germany . 
  i think linguistic differences are often considered important , belgium is a good example . 
  many people there feel more flemish than belgium and it is mostly a language issue . 
  yeah , but i can not understand that . 
  if a town has a lot of arab population at the point they speak arab in the streets we should let them set an independent islamic republic , should n't we ? 
   i agree that they should put much more effort in a democratic way to reach their goals , but would the spanish government really let them go if the majority of catalans wants to leave ? 
  if there is a constitutional reform to call a legal referendum ? 
  of course . 
  it would be a suicide for catalonia , in my opinion , but law is law . 
  so , in a couple of months , new elections . 
  jxs\u00ed wo n't form a regional government , c 's has n't enough support , so we 'll have new elections in a couple of months . 
  then probably jxs\u00ed gets even less seats while c 's would continue increasing . 
  because un want do that since catalonia is not a colony , an invaded territory or a human group whose human rights are at risk . 
  that 's what the un recognise as imperative to interfere in the 1514 resolution of the assembly general . 
  otherwise , un wo n't interfere as it is an internal and legal action of an independent , democratic state . 
  i feel a neutral condition by our parliament is , for example : \u00b7 the aproval of spanish government , catalan government , spanish parliament , catalan parliament , constitutional court , statute of autonomy guarantees court , council of state and consultive council of catalonia in favor of the referendum . 
  \u00b7 a clear question like : '' * do you want catalonia to constitute as a sovereign state in the terms signed in the law ? * '' . 
  \u00b7 the terms in which spanish citizenship would be replaced by catalan citizenship and its consequences . 
  \u00b7 stablish the same amount of money for the cultural organizations that would ask for yes/no . 
  so that there is not a monetary supremacy for independence movements , such as it is usual to see in catalonia . 
  \u00b7 at least 75 % of participation to take it as a legitimate result . 
  \u00b7 at least 60 % in favor of ` yes ' to start the negotiation between the state and the autonomous community . 
  it would be legal , it would be the result of an agreement , it would be something that spanish nation could agree and it would suppose a democratic solution . 
  and ... almost every state of europe except for switzerland and the micro-states are within the european union because they realized they need to be a bigger country . 
   see , i do n't agree that the sovereignty resides with the spanish people here , but the catalan people . 
  this is not an opinion , nor a question of faith . 
  it is in the law . 
   i believe in the right of self-determination of a region . 
  in the terms of un 1514 resolution ? 
  me too . 
  in the terms of catalan nationalism ? 
  neither do i. 
   i 'd also not feel comfortable with the parliament deciding the parameters for it to pass this is what i wanted to hear . 
  you nationalist would n't accept a legal referendum . 
  you want your referendum , made by your criteria to ensure you win it . 
  that 's why many people laugh out loud when nationalist say they 're democrats . 
   but i 'd maybe be open for an external neutral organism like the un ( just an example ) to do so un would tell you this is an internal issue of the kingdom of spain . 
  you can feel either way you like about spain , but it is a nation-state . 
  catalonia was spain during the roman empire , during the visigothic kingdom and during the muslim period . 
  later , it was first carolingian , then aragonese and , since the marriage between queen of castille and king of aragon , spanish . 
  it was never ever in history a subject of sovereignty , so it is not an `` opressed nation '' . 
  and thus , spain is a nation-state in the terms we usually give to that term . 
  nation is not only a language issue . 
  people speak catalan in valencia , mallorca and some parts of france and sardinia too . 
  i agree with you , and that 's why i ask them to create a political party which compromises to reform the constitution in order to allow self-determination referendums made by our autonomous communities . 
  but they do n't . 
  by the way , it 's not a problem for catalans , it 's a problem for catalan nationalists . 
  it 's a big difference . 
  it is false that there is a majority in catalonia that supports independence . 
  we saw yesterday it is not . 
  but anyways , i support the means used in referenda like the one in scotland or the one in quebec . 
  i 'm not a spanish nationalist . 
  i am just a democrat . 
  and in democracy , if you do not like a law , you respect it until you legally change it . 
  act of clarity is just the canadian law that allowed provincial governments ( the analogue of our autonomous regions ) to ask the national parliament for a referendum of independence . 
  if passed , canadian parliament might stablish the minimums and the requirements to do so ( such as , for example , a minimum of 75 % of participation and at least 60 % of the ` yes ' ) . 
  since the sovereignty resides in the spanish people , it would be neat if we pass this in a referendum . 
  if people agree , then you could get a legal referendum . 
  if people disagree , then you wo n't . 
  but anyways , it would be absolutely democratic . 
  and would you support a national referendum to pass/reject an act of clarity like the one in canada ? 
  so spain can invade the netherlands and claim that legally just like putin did with crimea ? 
  do n't see that . 
  in your second statement , you are comitting a mistake : catalonia does integrate the spanish nation-state . 
  the comparison with austria-hungary is pretty unfair . 
  if this is in a legal way , ok , they could eventually enter nato and eu . 
  but ... what they are talking these days is not getting independence in a legal way . 
  if they want to do it legally , then win general elections , present a project of constitutional reform , pass it with 2/3 of each house , call new general elections , win it , gain another 2/3 , and pass it again , call a referendum and win it . 
  that 's the way our law allows people to change the constitution . 
  what you can not do is to say your ideology is more important than the law and , thus , you want to change it without even winning elections . 
  that is not fair , nor democratic . 
  maybe you could agree , but you have to know that in the same conditions , supporters of ` no ' would win . 
  maybe some people that are temporally independentists because of the economical situation would support this , but do you think parties like cup or erc would do so ? 
  i really do n't think so . 
  who has talked about sending the spanish army to anywhere ? 
  i do not believe it 's hypocritical . 
  since 1648 , many states signed the principle of territorial integrity . 
  nope . 
  the one in scotland was n't a self-government decission . 
  it has to pass to the british parliament first , to h. m. government later and finally it was a couple of acts that guaranteed that there would be an equality funds campaign both for ` yes ' and ` no ' and also that it was n't a vinculant poll , so a 50,02 % out of a 45 % of scotland would n't be considered as `` a massive claim for independence '' . 
  more or less the same was the option in canada . 
  the difference is uk has not a coded constitution , so in canada they needed an act of clarity to set clearly how the process was going to work . 
  translating to our spanish system : the cortes generales should vote in favor of transfering just for one single day the power of calling a referendum . 
  then , spanish central government should agree . 
  later , an ` ad hoc ' organic law should stablish which percentage is needed to accept there is a claim for independence . 
  and also , there should be another law that sets things like anc and \u00d2mnium might have the exactly amount of money other associations like scc have in order to set an equality within de debate ( which is not what we had these years in catalonia ) . 
  also , some special sentences of constitutional court would be essential here ( for example , what about citizenship ? ) . 
  if ` yes ' won , there shall be a negotiation between spanish government and regional catalan government to settle how the independence process is going to work . 
  in that case , and only in that case , i would support a referendum . 
  but i do n't know if nationalists would accept this . 
  do you know anything about what 's going on in catalonia ? 
  because i do n't see the relation between 21st century catalonia and 16th century netherlands . 
  everytime you lose a vote in cortes generales or in catalan parliament , everytime you lose elections in big catalan cities , everytime a judge or a court do n't agree with you , you say you live in a non-democratic state , in a hidden dictatorship or , in the best-case scenario , you say people from castille , galice , andalussia and valencia hate catalonia . 
  this is something i 've been seeing for years , so i do n't have any doubt about what will happen if you lose a legal referendum .
