it became hilarious when the hysterical press pointed at mario and sonic as violent characters . 
  mario is a turtle killer and a communist !, 
  i 'm no expert but it looks like alot more than 16k to me . 
  puistama is probably another russian bot , his account has just one comment and his name `` puistama '' is estonian for `` to spread '' or `` to pour '', 
  for me as an european living in a city with a historical centre , the europeanized version make me feel like `` meh , i see that every day '' , while the americanized version looks good and fresh as it is n't something i see every day , even though it is n't as pleasing to the eye . 
  ok , since i went to school in a city with a lot more roma than the romanian average ( looking at the romanian wikipedia in this city the roma represent 5.64 % of the population , while the people with an unknown ethnicity are at 4.53 % , and probably most of these are roma as well ) , i think i can give you a pretty detailed view of my experiences with them , this is gon na be a long post so brace for it  so i spent my childhood in a small village , and at a small age when you did something bad your parents would tell you that they will sell you to the gypsies to scare you , i do n't know if people still do that but back then in the early 2000s it was common , other than that gypsies who lived in my region were not nomads , they had their own houses and were making a living out of buying scrap iron from the villagers and selling them brooms and stuff like that . 
  growing up , in 5th grade i transferred to a school in the town i was mentioning before , and like most other kids who transferred that year we got assigned to a very bad class . 
  out of 30 kids in that class , 5 of them were gypsies , one of them was a bully and most of the time was tormenting another gypsy which was my friend , but i did n't really stand up for him because i did n't want to get my ass kicked :d other than that there were two more gypsy girls who came from middle class families integrated in the romanian society , and a poor gypsy girl who came from a gypsy clan that lived a nomadic lifestyle . 
  i can say that out of all the gypsies this girl was the only one who did n't integrate well , she was the only one who could speak romani and missed a lot from school ( her dad did n't even want her to go to school , but she could go at first because he was in spain , this was the year 2007 when we joined the eu ) . 
  anyways at the end of 5th grade her dad came back from spain and when he heard she was at school he came on his horse and took her home , and i have n't seen her since . 
  when 5th grade finished , the two gypsy boys failed the year , along 5 other people , because as i said , this was a really bad class :d of the other two gypsy girls which were middle class , one of them moved to london , and the other was in the same class as me until high school , i would say she was an above average student . 
  the other gypsies at school were mostly poor but i would say they were good people . 
  the bad gypsies at school were in general the rich ones ( and i do n't mean middle class , i mean the really rich ones which lived in mansions and were driving brand new mercedeses ) . 
  nowadays , a lot of young gypsies do n't buy scrap iron and sell brooms anymore , they go to western europe , some of them to work , some of them to do other stuff . 
  tl ; dr i think gypsies have a bad image because they have a much worse education than the average person , a lot of them manage to get out of it , but most of the ones that do do n't really fight to make a better image for their ethnicity , there are ngos and stuff but they do n't really work . 
  it student at the moment 3 . 
  living a comfortable life i think, 
   but they 're down 8.2 % on food . 
  you 're right that the merchants are pocketing the other 6.8 % of the difference . 
  109/124 = 0.879 so the prices on food should have went down by 12.1 % , not 15 % . 
  they did , these are bad proposals . 
  he left the best for another video . 
  good for them i guess , but you ca n't deny that if ponta and his government would n't be so corrupt ( or to give them the benefit of the doubt , so incompetent ) , things would go a lot better than they do at the moment . 
  hmmm i wonder if the people who downvoted me actually know what is going on or they just got a vague idea after reading only the good things ponta did in his 38 months of being the pm . 
  i agree with you that increasing the minimum wage was a good thing , but it is still low in my opinion , and he increased it by a lot less than what he used to promise when he was in the opposition , other than that anaf is kinda meh , i still do n't get receipts from small shops , and they never combated tax evasion done by the huge companies and rich people , and also i have no idea what you mean by `` restructuring of state companies '' , i do n't think anything changed for cfr for example . 
  also a good thing that happened while he was pm was that we absorb more eu funds now but i do n't know if ponta should get all the credit for this . 
  well since you really seem to know your shit when it comes to economics , maybe you could enlighten a layman like me a bit . 
  also excelent name choice btw . 
  like what ? 
  well that 's because in bulgaria and romania most jobs are at big companies that do everything in their power to pay the lowest wages possible . 
  well not if ponta has any say in it !, 
  the truth is that romania and bulgaria will always be some of the poorest eu members ( at least for the next 20 years or so ) , maybe some day we will be at 90 % of the eu average in terms of gdp , which is actually really good , but we will still be at the bottom . 
  the only way we can avoid being at the bottom is by innovating , being much better than the other countries , something like what japan did after ww2 or south korea after the 70s . 
  is n't the uk an island and not part of europe though ? ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  so you push a mercedes ? 
  well atleast you 're not hong kong, 
  hmmm , ancient romanian ? 
  so nbcnews is saying that we 've been here for 40000 years ? 
  take that hungarians !, 
  knew a guy in middle school that had 11 brothers and sisters :d and this was in 2010 . 
  the video is a little creepy . 
  acording to this , purchasing power in athens is lower than in my city , no fucking way . 
  this is a pretty good article but kinda outdated . 
  well the easy ways we could integrate them into our society are immoral , and other than that it 's pretty much impossible since most of them do n't want to integrate . 
  well , everyone knows black cats are bad luck ^ ^ / s edit : by black cats i mean actual cats , it 's not some racist joke . 
  why do you think all of this is because of the euro ? 
  funny how americans blame everything on population density . 
  this is fucking evil . 
  actually there was a brief period in 2010-2011 when we were jelly that they were ahead of us :d, 
  well such was justice back then . 
  would be interesting to see statistics like the gini index or hdi for the entire eu . 
  ( as if the eu was just one country ) edit : [ i 've taken this from a forbes article that i found ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/09/25/the-united-states-is-more-equal-than-the-european-union/ )  thus , in 2007 , after bulgaria and romania ( and previously eight other post-communist countries ) became members of the european union , the eu-wide gini coefficient ( across all individuals in the area ) reached 41 points which is about the same as the gini calculated across all individuals in the united states . 
  the difference however is that in the former case , most of inequality is driven by mean income differences between the member-states . 
  if we take eu15 the gini coefficient is only 33 , about the same as the median gini of the fifteen countries and significantly less than us inequality . 
  this is really surprising actually , i would have never thought but according to this article the gini coeficient in the eu as a whole is not much higher than the us . 
  tbh thats what people in this country say about vegetables from western europe . 
  dacia is french in the same way lamborghini is german . 
  for people that do n't know , just like dacia is owned by renault , so is lamborghini owned by audi ( since 1998 ) . 
  and people wonder why we always bring up the fact that we are not gypsies . 
  lots of plane trails . 
  yes we do, 
  yay, 
  there 's no way that map is adjusted for purchasing power . 
  [ you should check out his car collection that he totally bought with his ~ ~ 24k ~ ~ 12k a year salary ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=masinile+lui+mazare&amp;espv=2&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=m3cpvaavoynvur2sgugl&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=643#imgrc=_ ), 
   france seems to be nothing but a prize they want for themselves , does n't matter what happens to it or to its people . 
  is n't that what politics is about ? 
  what i 'm saying is that those forecasts are wrong as you can already see by looking at the latest hdi report . 
  those forecasts are from like 2005 . 
  actually for some orthodox churches christmas is on the 25th of december . 
  infidels !!, 
  nothing comes close to glorious yurop . 
  yeah but they invented rectangles with round edges . 
  well yeah that too i guess , should have studied the anatomy of countryballs more :(, 
  well this does n't have a plot so i could n't submit it to polandball : /, 
  chaos ensues . 
  same here but i guess he did n't expect it from a stranger . 
  here we greet male friends with handshakes and female friends with kisses and honestly i ca n't complain , ca n't imagine how lame it would be to greet girls with handshakes . 
  being called a gypsy is an insult in this country , i know it sounds stupid and it probably is stupid but that 's how it is . 
  progress is really slow when it comes to things like [ racism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expulsion_of_romani_people_from_france ) . 
  idk , i guess if he still sees himself as a gypsy he 's still a gypsy , but i 'd say romanians view integrated gypsies as romanians rather than gypsies . 
  edit : i think this animosity between us and gypsies comes from romanians seeing gypsies as those people begging for money , trying to scam them etc. 
  when some gypsies stop doing this we do n't see them as gypsies anymore . 
  also about the link you gave , idk in my opinion if he sees himself as an afghan and people there accept him as an afghan then he 's an afghan . 
  seems like i need to be really careful when talking to you since all you do is pick something that 's not 100 % accurate and ignore everything else , but since you really enjoy doing this i 'll continue giving my 100 % not accurate opinion and say that if , for example i were to go to a gypsy village and try to learn their values and blend in , after lets say 5 years , to the outside observer i would be indistinguishable from a gypsy . 
  and i was feeling so special ... 
  genetics do n't really matter when you talk about ethnicity , it 's more about traditions and language , and yeah romanians and gypsies are different ethnic groups . 
  ca n't say i do senpai . 
  yeah so i guess you 're just trolling then . 
  what i 'm saying is that we 've got our problems but most of the time we are being portrayed worse than we actually are . 
  also please stop ` examining ' my comment word for word and putting words in my mouth . 
  there are alot of prejudices against gypsies in romania , but maybe if you guys got off your high horse and put yourselves in our shoes for a moment you would realise that it 's not nice to be portrayed as some piece of shit backwards racist country when people in western europe are n't that much better , as we 've all seen in these last few years . 
  because , unlike us , they are n't part of the glorious dual sim masterrace . 
  well the 90s were a really bad time for romania and bulgaria . 
  i think we got back to our 1989 gdp in 2004 , the year when you joined the eu . 
  the graph is for gas consumption not gas production . 
  i remember when i had the nokia 3410 and my brother had a siemens phone , i still remember playing snake and the top left and bottom right games on my bro 's siemens . 
  also space invaders damn i played that game alot . 
  back in 2005 when i was 9 years old and everyone was talking about how we were gon na join the eu , they always said the eu , the eu ... blablabla ... and i did n't realise that eu stands for european union , and thought we were about to join the us , or something like that . 
  anyways one day my mom told me what the eu is and since then i feel european . 
  i can read french and sort of speak it ( like really broken french ) but i could n't have a dialogue with you in a thousand years .
