  berlin is the political and cultural centre of germany and as it looks now berlin is becoming a strong tech and startup centre in europe . 
  actually her approval among the population is rising again . 
  practically . 
  you have no idea . 
  they are doing everything they can . 
  of course there is . 
  enforcement of a refugee quota in all of europe . 
  greece has full respect from germany . 
  and it would be against everything europe stands for . 
  no he does n't . 
  i think it has something to do that a lot of greeks see first hand what these people are enduring . 
  everyone should take media reports with a salt of grain , not only in germany . 
  it 's essential for critical thinking . 
  but what a lot of people are doing , especially on reddit and social media , is believing every news that fits their opinion / agenda / perception and questioning every news that wo n't fit . 
  human rights are universal and inalienable , like it or not . 
  we need merkel for the guys from / r/europe to rant about her . 
  since they somehow changed the link here is another version . 
  he is right with everything he says in my opinion . 
  superb, 
  and now they are just taking other routes . 
  once again not because of the wall or the fence , but because of the soldiers with order to kill , mines , dogs and spring guns . 
  much much less . 
  as already posted several times , he probably will go in security custody or psychiatry after he terminated his punishment . 
  because german law seperates punishment for a crime and protecting society from a dangerous individual . 
  you should add / s. 
  exactly . 
  it applies here . 
  there is a similar case at the moment in which the murderer was 24 years old and he burned a 16 year old girl . 
  he got a lifelong imprisonement . 
  18 to 21 years old can be condemned after minor law if psychological reports say they are lacking behind in their maturity . 
  the uk got special treatment from the eu before and i think they are using this referendum as a leverage for more special treatments . 
  they were condemned after youth criminal law . 
  in which 14 years of jail without probation is the highest possible punishment . 
   im curious how much is concentrated on the much vaunted manufacturing industry . 
  i think a lot of their machinery is actually very old . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-19/these-are-the-world-s-most-innovative-economies http://www.zew.de/en/presse/pressearchiv/1500-hidden-champions-in-deutschland-das-erfolgsgeheimnis-der-heimlichen-weltmarktfuehrer/?chash=bcc5e77681b77d66f2555dc18d1a8ebe, 
  what ? 
  our company cars are all electric vws . 
  verdammt ja or even better schei\u00dfe ja . 
  good counter . 
  also interesting that germany exports almost 3 times as much to the usa than the usa to germany . 
   europe did n't lift a single finger to help with the war on terror always nice to hear . 
  in fact 2 of my comrades from my military times died from an rpg attack on their vehicle in afghanistan . 
  i also had several other friends that went to afghanistan , some of them came back with ptsd . 
  they lifted a lot more fingers for the war on terror than you did . 
  but as it seems today usa 's whole war of terror was a huge fiasco anyway . 
  afghanistan is destabilized and germany sees ten thousands afghany refugees . 
  iraq and the whole region is destabilized and the iraqi invasion is the prime reason for the most ruthless terror organisation in the world . 
  http://www.fr-online.de/politik/demographie--deutschland-waechst---gegen-alle-prognosen,1472596,33050112.html 2011 ( after census ) : 80,2 mill 2014 : 81,2 mill prognosis for 2020 : 85 mill, 
  1,47 in 2014 and while no official numbers are out for 2015 yet , experts think it will be above 1,5 . 
  but still the german baby-boom generations are not too old yet , which means deaths and births are almost equal . 
  you 're definitely right about migrants , of which we had a very large amount in the last years . 
  apprentices cause a net-cost of $ 5,400 / year [ de ] . 
  which is extremeley low . 
  in the last 3 years germany had a signifinat increase of real earnings and established the minimum wage . 
  but unemployment and especially youth unempoyment is still falling . 
  actually germany 's population is still growing . 
  maybe , but the huge majority is making an ausbildung , going to university or is already working . 
  what about m\u00fcnster ? 
  and they did n't care either . 
   ... has nothing to do with the current situation . 
  actually i think the situation is pretty similar . 
  i can assure you they will , because germany can make them to . 
  we did it in the 90s with hundred thousands of yugoslavians . 
  you 're right . 
  for several years the southern states begged for a different solution . 
  the rest did n't care , including germany . 
  but last year there was a change of mind . 
  now germany is on the same side as greece . 
   germany , sweden , austria should 've prevented moroccans , algerians , x-ians from peaceful regions abusing the circumstances while i agree with you , this easy said but hard to do . 
  the thing is even if they present themselves as north africans , we ( germans ) have to take them in when they apply for asylum , because asylum seekers does n't have to come from war torn countries . 
  there are dozens of other legitimate reasons for asylum . 
  but to check thease reason takes time . 
  even before merkel `` invited '' anyone measurements said germany would have to expect 80000 to 1000000 refugees . 
  this whole `` merkel is responsible '' thing is merely a fairytale that gets repeated all the time . 
  is n't that what we are doing ? 
  those were the days . 
  germany did also say no and see who carries the burden of the aftermath . 
  so are you saying you want to sacrifice greece or that germany wants to sacrifice greece ? 
  we could have sorted that out already . 
  but due nationalistic sentiments we decided not to . 
  it baffles me that a huge part of redditors still think to fold one 's arms and let other people deal with this problem is somehow a reasonable solution . 
  it will only make everyting worse in the future . 
  very nice and short depiction of germany 's history . 
  the hre and its aftermath is one of the reason for the big german inferiority / superiority complex , this very strong duality , that is still inherent in the german soul . 
  or as churchill would put it : `` the hun is always either at your throat or your feet . '', 
  dude , let me tell you there are strippers . 
  with all the strippers of amsterdam and hamburg alone you could populate a town of more than 50,000 people . 
  germans would call it `` stra\u00dfenk\u00f6terblond '' meaning stray dog blond . 
  holy roman empire = / = federal republic of germany holy roman empire = german nations, 
  the putin lovers are in no way the majority of the germans . 
  there is mistrust in media in germany and everyone should have at least a little bit of mistrust , because media is done by people and people have opinions . 
  but all germans mistrust their media ? 
  that 's simply not true . 
  58 % generally trust the media . 
  71 % trust '' \u00f6ffentlich - rechtlichen '' media and 72 % say calling the german press `` lying press '' is wrong . 
  everywhere in the world media is biased . 
  that was always the case . 
  but to compare the german mainstream media with rt is just ridiculous . 
  i find it baffling that the pegida / afd people are so hostile against almost every german news source calling them `` lying press '' , while they have no problem with believing rt or other russian state media and some really obvious conspiracy theory magazines .
