  there are several first hand reports from german military personnel about killing and deporting armenians and greeks , which they describe as a very positive thing . 
  noone can say for sure if they were part of it actively , but if they were there and they were fond of it , some probably could have taken part in it in one way or another . 
  unfortunately i only have it in german . 
  there were around 800 german military training units in turkey of which some probably took part in deportations . 
  also a german is responsible for the dportation plans . 
  and we bring cheap food this time . 
  most of the time it is the same shit produced in the same factory as expensive shit , just without the brand labeling . 
  do n't forget the i-egg or in german i-ei . 
  yes . 
   every european nation belongs to to only one particular race , cultural group and identity , that 's a historical fact , not an opinion . 
  no , this is total bullshit , especially for germany . 
  germany does n't have one identity and especially not one race . 
  german frisians have as much in common with upper bavarians as danish and italians . 
  [ remember this is how germany looked for centuries and in every little regions different customs , food , dialect , currency , laws , politics and even religion was prevalent which still has an effect on regional division today . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/heiliges_r%c3%b6misches_reich#/media/file:hrr_1400.png ) you also had a lot of different ethnicities in germany . 
  beginning with the mixing of germanic tribes and romans . 
  also the mixing between saxons , nordics , celtics and slaws , which are all different races by genetic definition . 
  later ( between 5th and the 10th ) the ashkenazim jews moved to germany , which are of middle eastern decent and lived here for centuries . 
  then there was the mixing of the germans with slawic and baltic people due to the eastern settlements . 
  some german states took in political and religious refugees like the huguenots that became part of german society . 
  then there are ethnic minorities in germany like danes , frisians , sinti and roma and sorbs . 
  there is also very big polish diaspora in germany of which the majority came to germany in the 19th century . 
  today there are also 4,5 million eastern europeans of german descent from poland , romania , the baltics , russia , kasakztan , belarus and ukraine . 
  we have around 3,5 to 4 million people of turkish descent in germany of which the majority came in the 50s , 60s and the 70s . 
  then there are diasporas of armenians , greek , italians , croatians , albanians , persians , assyrians , vietnamese , japanese , lebanese , kurds , georgians etc , etc. 
  all in all germany has around 16,6 million people with migration background ( without the refugees ) and that is only counting the last 2 generations . 
  if you would count the last 10 generations it would probably be something between 30 and 40 million . 
  to say germany consists of one national cultural group , race and identity is as false as it can be . 
  my germany differs a lot from the germany people in other regions experience . 
  i never said the euro did n't help germany . 
  but it does n't have to be a weak euro . 
  germany was the world 's number one exporter between 2003 and 2008 . 
  [ during this period the euro was the strongest it ever was . ] ( http://www.finanzen.net/devisen/euro/chart ) . 
  we also were export world leader and had a big account surplus between 1986 and 1990 and the d-mark was also extremely stong during this time . 
  today germany is only the number 3 . 
  germany had an account deficit because of the reunification that costed germany trillions and the 1990s were characterized by a strong economical and societal crisis . 
  this effect lingered on unitll the beginning of the 2000s and the introduction of the euro definitely helped . 
  [ as you can see here the account surplus ( black graph ) vanished in 1990 . 
  you can also see that the general export output ( yellow dotted graph ) also decreases after 1990 . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/exportweltmeister#/media/file:eximusajbrd.png ), 
   weaker economies , like greece , keep the euro down . 
  this makes german goods very attractive externally ( as they are high quality and the currency is relatively cheap ) . 
  germany was export leader of the world when the d-mark and the euro was the strongest . 
  there is almost no correlation between germany 's currency development and its export output . 
  maybe we have different definitions of socialism . 
  i grew up in a country tha called itself socialistic ( gdr ) and the society and economy was totally different from the country i am living in now ( frg ) . 
  if at all germany is social democratic and has a social economy ( capitalism with some state regulations to protect the weak ) . 
  the gdr definitely viewed itself as socialistic which is a prestage to communism in the marxist teachings of the dialectic and historical materialism . 
  extremely strong competition between german discount super markets . 
  yep . 
  exactly like in germany , except that you do n't have to bring your own boxes . 
  something between 0,99 ( if you pick them on your own or you find a very good deal or it is the end of the season ) and 4,99 euro for a kilogram . 
  normal prices are 3 - 4 euro . 
  if there are tourists where normally you would n't expect any tourists , they are probably german . 
  there are only very little people i would let get away with such statements and that would be holocaust survivors . 
  are you a holocaust survivor ? 
  that happened to me in berlin several times . 
  even in big shopping malls the staff does n't necessarily speaks german . 
  population trends are pretty much idle speculation . 
  every population trend for germany since reunification turned out far too pessimistic . 
  in population prognoses from the 90s it was expected that germany will have 71,5 million people in 2030 . 
  the newest prognosis for 2016 expects 85 million in 2030 . 
   helicopter is actually french , or if you want to push it - ukrainian/russian/dutch . 
  you forgot austrian / german / barzilian / spanish / hungarian . 
  til, 
  mp3 , the electric tootbrush , the airbag and the coffee filter . 
  do n't forget the light bulb . 
   we just have problem when germans act as victims . 
  it could be a mindblowing thought for you , but germans were victims too . 
  they were the first and the last victims of the third reich . 
  hundred thousands of germans were imprisoned and killed because they were jews , homosexuals , communists , socialists or social democrats ( one of my great-great-grandfathers was killed because he was in the spd ) , dissident artists or scientists or because they stated their opinion and all that years before the war even started . 
  germans were victims of carpet bombings ( my grandfather who was 7 years old at that time lost his mother during the dresden bombings which made him a complete orphan ) german women and children were victims of mass rape during the russian offense . 
  estimations are between 1 and 2 million rape victims . 
  and around 15 million germans were expelled of which the majority were old people , women and children . 
  it was the biggest refugee stream ever to be seen in europe and hundred thousands died during this journey mainly because of hunger , exhaustion or they froze to death . 
  let alone the fact how many german soldiers were sent to slaughter in battles at the eastern front . 
  i know that many poles suffered equally or even more than that and that the germans brought that suffering over them . 
  but that does n't neglect the fact that germans had to suffer too and not everyone was in the nsdap or the ss and not everyone was responsible for the wrongdoings that happened . 
  but that was mainly because of geopolitical reasons . 
  they needed a stable country and a good ally right at the peripehry to communism in order to prevent a power vacuum . 
  that 's probably true . 
  i hate that revisionist racist bitch . 
  exactly . 
  people forget that everyone wanted germany to lead . 
  for years there were voices from europe and the rest of the world that urged germany to step up their game and start to lead and make more decisions in the eu . 
  germany never wanted this power . 
  but it was chosen to have it . 
  now germany accepted its fate , has to fit in this role and has to take all the criticism you get for making decisions while the rest leans back and enjoys the show . 
  now everyone says germany wants to control europe and reestablish a fourth reich or stuff like that . 
  in fact germany , while of course having its own agenda , thinks more european that most other nations . 
  why is it that pretty much all the polish users on / r/europe are still holding those huge grudges against germany ? 
  you may think ww2 ended 5 years ago in poland . 
  i do n't want to downplay what germany did to the polish people but germany really went through a big social transformation in the last 50 years and has nothing to do with the third reich anymore . 
  you could get the impression that a lot of poles still think that germans see themselves as '' \u00dcbermenschen '' and want to annex poland . 
  i really would like to know where this hostility comes from ? 
  is it the polish media , the school education or are the polish users of / r/reurope not representative ? 
  greece is on another page , but when i see what happens in france today i see germany in the 90s . 
  reforms can be helpful although they seem harsh at the beginning . 
  france needs its agenda 2010 . 
   but their exports boomed after the euro weakened , it 's not a coincidence germany 's trade surplus reached record levels in the last decennia .
