  if germany knew there would be definitely a war , a big part of its huge producing industry would be transformed into weapon producing facilities . 
  its producing facilities are extremely efficient and very modern . 
  the quality and output of produced weapons and machinery in europe would be so much higher . 
  then enlighten us !, 
  germany took in more refugees and migrants in the last 50 years . 
  the situation in germany is far away from a crisis . 
  you forgot : `` it 's the worst people , it 's true . 
  sad . '', 
  yep , you 're absolutely right about that one . 
  most of them did n't even come with the refugee wave of 2015 and entered the country through italy or france long before . 
  thank george w. bush for invading iraq and opening abu ghraib in which a lot of leaders of isis met and planned their organisation . 
  the trade within the eu is rather balanced . 
  also germany was the world 's biggest exporter with a big surplus from 1986 till 1990 , without the euro and with an extremely strong dmark . 
  germany also was number 1 exporter in the world from 2003 till 2007 . 
  in the same timespan the euro was the strongest . 
  germany does n't need a week currency for a strong export performance . 
  pretty much everyone in germany is advocating for a stronger euro . 
  pretty much everyone in germany is advocating for a stronger euro . 
  the fertility rate is above 1.5 and rising . 
  what the what ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  germany is in the greatest shape for a long time . 
  crime rates dropping , unemployment is the lowest for decades , real wages are growing for several years in a row , suprisingly good gdp growth , birth rates are increasing for several years , eastern germany has growing cities again , exports are strong . 
  not panicking , preparing . 
  actually since 2011 germany 's population is growing again . 
  from 80.33 ( 2011 ) to 82.2 million ( 2015 ) . 
  if eastern germany is some indicator the trend will reverse some day . 
  like rostock , leipzig , magdeburg , erfurt , greifswald , dresden , schwerin , potsdam , jena , chemnitz , g\u00f6rlitz , cottbus , halle , brandenburg and many more . 
  while it is true that a lot of villages in eastern germany are dying , pretty much every bigger town and its surrounding villages are growing . 
  this is the first time since the reunification that a lot of these cities have a growing population . 
  26 million is not even a third of germany 's population . 
  that 's about right . 
  and not only that , gm europe plans to relocate the hq of vauxhall to r\u00fcsselsheim as well . 
  so being the number one exporter in the world between 1986 and 1990 is performing quite poorly ? 
  after 1990 germany had to put trillions into the reunification and had to import a lot . 
  also between 2003 and 2008 germany was the number one exporter in the world . 
  and the euro was the strongest during this period . 
  then why was germany the number one exporter in the world when its currency was the strongest ( mark and euro ) ? 
  germany has a rather balanced import export rate with the eu . 
  in which way precisely ? 
   since britain had been more industrialized than germany germany already had a bigger industrial output than great britain several years before the war . 
  sweden , germany , switzerland , finland and denmark are in the top 10 . 
  i would retire in south tyrol - the region around bozen . 
  beautiful landscape and architecure , the climate is mild compared with northern germany , lots of sunshine . 
  the people still speak german and it 's only 2-3 hours to venice / adriatic coast . 
  that 's exactly what he meant . 
  two major hqs are in berlin and london . 
  [ actually it was 890,000 instead of 1.2 million . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn1201ky ) so the original estimations from summer 2015 were not that far from the truth . 
  which never happened . 
  but still i see this fairytale every other day . 
  holy shit . 
  people in this thread are actually pissed that terrorism has n't spread nationwide terror . 
  are crime rates rising ? 
  i really doubt that . 
  if you would know anything about german post-war history you would know that this is the biggest bullshit ever . 
  but how do you know what he did then ? 
  15 years ? 
  what kind of random number is that ? 
  turks are here since the 60s . 
  also the usa has 3 times more rapes per 100.000 people than germany . 
  except iq , infant death rate , life expectancy , obesity , incarceration rate , unequality etc. 
  dude , you watched too much taken and hostel . 
  i actually have seen ( and smelled ) dead bodies . 
  have you ? 
  are you for real ? 
  in germany we call it heroische gelassenheit - heroic serenity . 
  and the people of berlin are masters in it . 
  the city has seen so much in the last hundred years , a crazy guy with a truck does not impress the people . 
  according to time magazine she is the most powerful politician on the planet . 
  she also is the best known politician in the world besides putin and obama . 
  [ i do n't know if it is a good thing , but it did n't transform us into a postapocalyptic wasteland either . 
  ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/be/de ) i know several people that came to germany as refugees once and every single one 's biography amazes me and inspires me to work harder for the good in life . 
  just for your information . 
  germany is leading the table for accepting most refugees in europe every year for more than 25 years now . 
  if at all berlin is a flourishing shithole . 
   and the immigration crisis have been a nightmare for germany . 
  was it ? 
  i always had the feeling it was portrayed worse in the international media than it really was . 
  right now it is business as usual in germany . 
  why do i always get the feeling that a lot of poles still live in the 1940s ? 
  ah the turkish hybris . 
  is this satire ? 
  my auntie lives in leipzig like 300m away from the hotel . 
  she is 85 and always leaves the house alone and never did something happen to her . 
  she also says leipzig was more dangerous in the nineties than today . 
  why ? 
  nobody has a problem calling it german death camps . 
  but in a german documentary , done by germans for germans it seems rather redundant . 
  it 's like saying the german herman g\u00f6ring or the german city of berlin . 
  everyone knows it 's german . 
  do you guys really think the term is used to blame the poles for the holocaust ? 
  because that goes without saying . 
  everyone knows that they are german death camps . 
  the term polish death camps is used to describe the location . 
  but they are . 
  they are like the alt right . 
  what exactly do you want to tell us ? 
   birth rates throughout the eastern bloc were all low the gdr had a higher birthrate than the frg . 
  yeah , you seem pretty grumpy .
