  our exports boomed also long before the euro was introduced . 
  from 1986 till 1990 germany was the number one export nation in the world while having a very strong d-mark and having 19 million people less than today . 
  and from 2003 to 2008 germany was also the number one exporter in the world although this is the time where the euro was the strongest in its existence . 
  if you lay a graph of germany 's export output in the last 30 years on top of a graph of the development of germany 's currency in the last 30 years there is only a very low correlation ( except for the salient point after 2008 in both graphs ) . 
  back in the days it was the fault of our strong currency . 
  now they say it is the weak currency that boosts our exports . 
  actually since the euro weakened , germany was not able to retake the position as number one export nation and fell back to third place . 
  in germany a big part of the economic success of today leads back to the reforms ( agenda 2010 ) of social democrat gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
  he destroyed his party , but he reformed the country ( for some to the better and for some the worst ) . 
  germany would not be where it is today without the agenda 2010 . 
  [ bilderbuch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ocyk0ogywy ), 
   does it really seem impossible that people would shout it for attention ? 
  i mean it definitely works as we see . 
  grandparents and parents ( which are white christians ) said he had no connection to islam . 
  his facebook page ( which was updated regularly and the last pictures were from thursday and showed him on a techno festival ) shows absolutely nothing connected with islam . 
  after interogation the police said that they are certain the attack has nothing to do with islam . 
  he had mental problems and was addicted to several drugs . 
  he also was high and psychotic during the stabbing . 
  he was a hedonist and a known techno party hopper and flew from festival to festival ( not a very muslim lifestyle ) . 
  he lived off his grandparents who commited him to an asylum . 
  but he fled on sunday and wandered around germany with no money and no shoes ( he said in his shoes were bugs that would bite him ) . 
  the time ( 5.00 am ) and the place ( small town 50 km away from munich ) of the incident are also not an indicator for a terrorist attack . 
  nothing , except for the allahu akbar part , which was only stated by one witness , points to a terrorist attack . 
  but do n't let get facts in your way of your already made up mind . 
  does it really seem impossible that people would shout it for attention ? 
  i mean it definitely works as we see . 
   and your argument suggest that germany and sweden was built by third world migrants . 
  germany was partly rebuilt by hundred thousands of turkish guest workers . 
  not exactly third world , but definitely muslim migrants . 
  grandparents and parents said he had no connection to islam . 
  his facebook page ( who was updated regularly ) shows absolutely nothing connected with islam . 
  after interogation the police said that they are certain the attack has nothing to do with islam . 
  he was a known party hopper and lived off his grandparents who commited him to an asylum . 
  but he fled on sunday and wandered around germany with no money and no shoes . 
  nothing , except for the alluhar akbar part points to a terrorist attack . 
  he probably just wanted some attention . 
  he is not . 
  there is no evidence this guy has any connection to islam . 
  this guy is ethnical german . 
  in berlin that is how the natives say hello to tourists . 
  so much deleted posts in here . 
  there is no evidence that he has some kind of connection with islam . 
  his grandparents and parents said he was n't a muslim . 
  there is no evidence on his facebook page either ( last pictures were from thursday and showed him on a techno festival ) . 
  he seems to be a 27 years old hedonist with mental problems . 
  he traveled from rave to rave and consumed a lot of different drugs and lived off welfare and the money of his grandparents . 
  maybe he just wanted to draw some more attention or he chose suicide by cops . 
  that is a totaly standard procedure and it does n't mean jornalists ca n't report about the incident , but the police wo n't publish information untill they are certain of what exactly happened , which is a pretty sane approach judging by the fact how everybody is jumping to conclusions in here . 
  so you mean mentally ill people ? 
  from mentallyillistan . 
  hessians ? 
  a white mexican muslim cartel member that is a mentally unstable terrorist . 
  his name is paul and he is a native german . 
  it seems like he is a drug addict , mentally unstable and unemployed for 2 years now . 
  untill now police could n't find any connection with extremism or even islam , except for the one witness that stated he shouted allahu akbar while other witnesses denied that . 
  yes those hessians are known for their culture of violence ... and ebbelwoi . 
  the guy was a native german , named paul h. , with no migration background . 
  the european anthem has no official text , but it is a composition of a german composer ( ludwig van beethoven ) and the original poem is by a german poet ( friedrich schiller ) . 
   this whole subreddit is overtaken by germans who do n't want to admit what their grandparents did to whole world . 
  first of all there are twice as much polish users than german users subscribed in / r/europe . 
  and secondly i never met any german that would not admit what the generation of our grandparents and great grand parents did to the other people . 
   after wwii most of germany 's industry was in ruins . 
  if it were n't for mr. 
  marshal , all of it would have been dismantled to placate the french . 
  without the marshall plan germany definitely would have struggled more , but the knowledge and the mentality of the germans was not lost . 
  germany had a highly skilled labour force and a big part of the population was very well educated ( in the 1940s germany had more nobel laureates than the usa and the uk together ) . 
  the fact that a lot of the industry was in ruins or was dismantled only meant that everything has to be build from scratch , which resulted in germany having very modern industrial facilities afterwards and the knowledge in building heavy machinery was improved drastically . 
  okay we have konrad zuse , charles babbage , john von neumann and alan turing . 
  someone else we missed ? 
  you must be talking about another germany . 
  yep , to be more precisely germany for example has about 3070 potatoes and will get around 46 new potatoes ( 1,5 % ) . 
  while poland has about 480 potatoes and it will get around 17 new potatoes ( 3,5 % ) . 
  how many exactly ? 
  hahahaha . 
  not in this universe . 
  after the attack in berlin the afd could n't improve its approval rates much . 
  in fact merkel 's approval rates increased much more . 
  untill now the polls before the state elections were pretty accurate in predicting the afd outcome . 
  lel idiot, 
  and i bet you have no idea about modern germany . 
  and 10 of the 20 most liveable cities are german speaking . 
  really ? 
  reading english tabloids and a lot of conservative voices in uk i would think it 's the other way around . 
  a highly educated population . 
  a rather early industrialization . 
  respect for engineering and craftsmanship . 
  all that culminates into the [ mittelstand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittelstand ) . 
  the mittelstand is the backbone of the german economy . 
  the mittelstand consists of smaller and middle-sized often family-led companies , that are extremely specialized . 
  the majority of the german exports are coming from it . 
  more than 2000 of these firms are world market leaders in their segment and yet almost noone has ever heard of them . 
  that 's why they are sometimes called [ hidden champions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hidden_champions ) . 
   but there are hundreds of world-market leaders . 
  there are actually thousands of german world market leaders . 
  this is japanese . 
  there were also a lot of made up stories during nye in cologne . 
  the only real rape for example was fabricated . 
  never heard that one before . 
  that 's why you build a missile defence system ( with intercepting missiles , lasers and drones ) . 
  britain 's , france 's and especially germany 's industrial output is so much higher .
