  the huge majority of the cologne attackers were north africans gangmembers and criminals that were in europe before last year 's refugee crisis even started . 
  most of them did n't even have a permission to stay in germany . 
  around 160 were detained . 
  24 were / will be prosecuted and 68 were / will be deported . 
  all in all cologne was a total cluster fuck , from left-wing and right-wing media . 
  left-wing media played it down and right-wing media ( including worldnews and r/europe ) made it seem like it was a mass rape of thousands . 
  in fact there were `` only '' 2 confirmed rapes ( one with fingers through pantyhose and one really drastical one ) . 
  later the girl that was brutally raped had to testify in court . 
  she said dozens of people hold her down while they had sexual intercourse with her and that she also saw other girls being raped . 
  later it turned out that this was all made up and she was n't even in cologne at that night . 
  german police also expects a lot more false complaints were made after nye . 
  biggest hurdle is the language in this case . 
  most refugees are only able to visit an official language course since the last months , because processing the applications took a lot of time and only with an official status you are allowed to work and go to a language course . 
  also the refugees increased the german gdp 0,3 % and long-time studies show that refugees pay more in the system that they get out eventually , as it was during 90s yugoslavian war refugee crisis , where we took 400.000 refugees . 
   your famous l\u00dcgenpresse strikes again ? 
  you forgot `` some '' at the beginning . 
  why can you only think in absolutes . 
  if `` some '' ca n't integrate that does n't mean `` they '' as `` everyone '' ca n't integrate . 
  so it seems you 're catholic . 
  what an unchristian thing to say . 
  may i remind you of psalm 146 , 5-9  he upholds the cause of the oppressed and gives food to the hungry ...  the lord watches over the foreigner and sustains the fatherless and the widow , but he frustrates the ways of the wicked . 
  and i do n't have to remind you of the sermon on the mountain . 
  i helped the weak and foreigners and what have you done ? 
  and i 'm not even christian . 
  https://de.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53mce2/hungary_wants_foreign_workers_so_long_as_they/d7ufmwn edit : the 68 positions are only full-time jobs ( several hundred are in apprenticeships ) in dax30 companies like vw , adidas , mercedes , siemens etc. 
  this statistic ( 12000 ) is only for the first half of 2016 . 
  between april 2015 and june 2016 around 30.000 refugees found a job . 
  given the fact that the refugee applications take several months ( sometimes more than 6 ) to be processed and only the official refugee status allows them to work and to take german language courses it 's not as bad as it looks . 
  this ca n't be true . 
  from my time as a volunteer in a refugee shelter ( 190 refugees ) i know at least 15 refugees that already found work here and that was in january 2016 . 
  in germany 0 % . 
  edit : becuase tesco does n't exist in germany . 
  german nurses know what they need to know and they have 3 years of practical experience at the end of their education while most people from university have probably some weeks of nursing experience , if at all . 
  of course people with an academic education have a broader and deeper knowledge and can be deployed in a lot roles ( at least theoretically ) . 
  in germany if you want to work in a department like for example icu you make courses to become a `` fachkrankenschwester '' ( specialized nurse ) . 
   it leads to a relatively low standard compared to other european countries like with nurses , if what i have heard is true . 
  what have you heard ? 
   in the end , events such as cologne are too big to supress in the age of social media . 
  so when you are aware of that , why do you think people that work for the media are n't and would willfully surpress news when at the end they come out any way ? 
   60 percent want a cap on refugees i 'd prefer them wearing hats but i guess caps are ok , too . 
  no humor, 
  also a part of belgium . 
  pretty much . 
  no , she 's german ( actually german-norwegian ) and normally does n't wear a headscarf . 
  fyi this is from 2011 . 
  i do n't know where you get your interpretation from , but other than out of your ass . 
  i know this place and 20 migrant teens did n't take over nothing in bautzen ( lol ) . 
  it 's mor like a left vs. right fight . 
  there are often punks , leftist teens and sometimes migrants on the one side sitting , talking , drinking and the other side there are right teens , nazis and hools drinking . 
  they often clashed before and they berate each other almost every day with `` fuck foreigners '' , `` fuck leftists '' and `` fuck nazis '' . 
  there were a lot of germans with the migrants , mostly leftist and alternative teens . 
  residents and shopowners at this place demand a ban on alcohol for months , but it had to escalate this way . 
  if at all this place was taken over by all these idiots loitering there . 
  i do n't want to protect the migrant teens , because they are idiots that do n't know how to behave and to move in public spaces and they should n't be here in the first place ( pretty much all from north africa waiting for their deportation ) . 
  but the other side is not better at all , always drunk , always bored and always looking for trouble . 
  in fact those groups are pretty much alike . 
  they both have nothing to do , get bored and want to start trouble , because then there 's something going on . 
  i know this place . 
  it 's a place for drinkers . 
  there are nazis , punks , homeless , alcohlics , bored teens and sometimes migrants / refugees there . 
  there were several fights before ( pretty much always among germans ) and shopowners and residents demand a ban on acohol in this area for months . 
   several incidents, 
   locals are heroes , defending their societies . 
  throwing stones on german ambulance , heroes in deed . 
  and how representative is one fight ? 
  the majority of the comments in askreddit aknowledges that there are problems and that there were several incidents , but a lot of first hand experiences were also positive or neutral like mine . 
  idiots punching idiots . 
  while you are right about all the wrongdoings of ig farben , they also did some good for mankind . 
  ( mainly before wwii )  ig farben scientists discovered the first antibiotic , fundamentally reformed medical research and `` opened a new era in medicine . '', 
  otto bayer discovered the polyaddition for the synthesis of polyurethane in 1937 . 
  also the haber process was developed by ig farben scientists . 
  today this process of producing artificial fertilizer is responsible for feeding more than a third of the world 's population . 
   several ig farben scientists were awarded nobel prizes . 
  carl bosch and friedrich bergius were awarded the nobel prize in chemistry in 1931 `` in recognition of their contributions to the invention and development of chemical high pressure methods '' . 
  gerhard domagk was awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1939 `` for the discovery of the antibacterial effects of prontosil '' . 
  kurt alder was awarded the nobel prize in chemistry in 1950 for his `` discovery and development of the diene synthesis '' . 
  feeling better now ? 
  noone expected all of them to be good eggs . 
  i think he 's from spain . 
  swiss probably do n't want to travel a failed world . 
  they are disgusted by it . 
  it was n't , but hey who cares ? 
  so every country that is n't as rich as switzerland is a failed state ? 
  sounds incredibly elitist and unworldy to me . 
  so for norway switzerland must be a failed state then . 
  the m.v. 
  election had also nothing to do with state policy and i 'm pretty sure that the average afd voter could n't care less about communal politics . 
  every election is a protest election against merkel for them at the moment . 
  actually the fdp and the afd are the only winners , if you look at the absolute numbers . 
  just to put the mecklenburg vorpommern election and this election into perspective , niedersachsen has more than 5 times the population of m.v. . 
  the region hannover for example ( which is one county ) has almost as much people than all of mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  funny that petry is now seen as the moderate part of the afd . 
  during the dispute with lucke she was seen as the extreme side . 
  maybe she will soon see the same fate like lucke and the afd will become even more extreme . 
  it rather tells you something about the media . 
  italy has half the military budget of germany with pretty much the same amount of soldiers plus 100.000 carabinieris and spain only has a fourth of germany 's military budget . 
  as a german ex-soldier who participated in maneuvers with italian and spanish troops , let me tell you german soldiers are better equipped and trained . 
  also the fact that the real surname of the royal family was sachsen-coburg-gotha , that the royal family spoke german and english as native tongue ( edward and george still grew up speaking german ) , that prince albert introduced a lot of german traditions in the uk and in the palace ( on to this day the royals open their presents on the eve of 24th december like they would do in germany . 
  ) , that there is more german blood in the british royals than english ( prince philip for example has a 100 % german heritage ) . 
  you sound like a real expert .
