yeah right , 
  12 years to be precisely and it was already dumb back then . 
  bismarck and stauffenberg were children of another time . 
  they were natinonalists , chauvinists , militarists and imperialists . 
  but so were a lot of people during that time . 
  their europe was a europe of enemies and stereotypes . 
  most germans of today would not give a flying fuck about bismarck or stauffenberg and we also know about their dubios opinions . 
  there are no stauffenberg memorials because he hated poland , but because he was one of the few people in germany that tried to violently oppose hitler with a plan that might have suceeded . 
  he is the straw germans hold on . 
  hell , i do n't think any nation is more critical with its history and its historical personages than germany . 
  nietzsche , luther and wagner were all antisemitic and yet there are statues and memorials of them in germany and around the world . 
  because they were people of their time and times were pretty different back then . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are a lot of polish historical important people that are cherished by the poles that had not the best opinion about the germans and that 's totally fine and no german will ever complain about it . 
  in my opinion holding grudges like that does n't do anything for you , but divide us because of dubios reasons . 
  the majority of germans are pacifist , open-minded and are rather fond of the polish people . 
  believe or not . 
  is this based on actual experience or just something you caught on the internet ? 
  i do n't know anyone that thinks germany is the greatest country in the world nor someone that `` worships '' bismarck or stauffenberg . 
  europe has a history of wars , atrocities and enmity between its nations . 
  god knows germany played its part in this , but so did all nations ( some more some less ) . 
  i for one love your country and your people and i am happy how it is developing . 
  you got to be kidding me ? 
  the sentence at exercise 3 in your homework sheet is wrong . 
  it 's either `` antworte auf die fragen ! '', 
  bnd ( foreign intelligence service ) , verfassungsschutz ( domestic intelligence service ) , mad ( military inteligence service ) and the german police have a joined counter terrorist centre , where all information on suspects come together and so every agency has the same information . 
  especially bnd and verfassungschutz are also working very closely together with the nsa and the cia . 
  within the last months dozens of islamists were arrested for planning terrorist attacks in germany . 
  probably because western poland was germany when most of these houses were build . 
  seems like you have been living under a rock then . 
  [ i did n't know the new york times is a saxon newspaper . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/07/travel/new-berlin-or-not-leipzig-has-new-life.html ) [ and the guardian either . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/travel/2014/sep/11/is-leipzig-the-new-berlin ), 
  stuckenborstel is the new berlin now . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  john oliver is european you genius . 
  you 're right . 
  the last time i checked we had 2 vessels more . 
   only not very active outside the northsea . 
  why do you think that ? 
  these are the active international missions of the german navy : operation atalanta ( anti pirate mission ; horn of africa ) unifil ( training libanese navy , secure maritime traffic in the eastern mediterranean sea , detain weapon smugglers ) eunavfor med ( rescuing refugees in the mediterranean sea , fighting human trafficking ) operation active endeaovour ( maritime surveillance in order to fight terrorist groups ) standing nato maritime group operation counter daesh ( supporting attacks against isis ), 
  [ the german navy has more vessels than the britsh navy and is pretty modern too . 
  ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/553fe91eeab8ea121d0ff12a/here-are-all-the-ships-in-the-german-navy.jpg ), 
  of course german people care about developments in turkey , syria and so on . 
  it 's not always the biggest problem germans have in mind , but we are watching negative trends like that with sorrow . 
  i mean these pieces of satire we are talking about right now exist for a reason . 
  i know about the very positive development of poland when it comes to car theft and crime in general . 
  in the last 10-20 years car theft also strongly decreased in germany , partly because of the cooperation between german and polish police you mentioned above and i 'm sorry if i made it seem that it is still as bad as in the 90s , becaue it is not . 
  but organised criminality from eastern europe is still the main reason for car theft and poland is still the most important transit and end destination for stolen cars from germany . 
  of course nowadays a lot of other nationalities are big players in the game like romanians , bulgarians , lithuanians , albanians etc. , but there are still several organised polish gangs that steal cars that were ordered by `` customers '' . 
  so it is still a problem , but not as big as it used to be . 
   nowadays , the cars are stolen by german itself `` mostly of middle eastern descent '' . 
  while i 'm sure that germans of middle eastern descent are overrepresented in the statistics they still make up a small part . 
  the german states with most stolen cars have a migrant population of turkish / arabic / north african descent of less than 1 % . 
  wow you 're completely talking out of your ass here . 
  correlation = / = causation is one of the first things you learn in social science . 
  right now organized crime from eastern europe ( bulgaria being especially strong ) is primarly responsible for increasing german crime rates . 
  because all your criminals went to germany ( it seems ) . 
   germany is 3 times richer there is your explanation . 
  germany is the first `` rich '' country when coming from eastern europe . 
  the main reason why german crime is increasing is burglary , pickpocketing and car theft , while violent crime is decreasing for years . 
  a significant part of these crimes are done by eastern european gangs ( especially poles , romanians and bulgarians ) . 
  we have this problem with criminals from eastern europe since the fall of the iron curtain . 
  back then german crime rates skyrocketed and we even invented polenwitze ( polish jokes ) which are mainly about the poles stealing everything ( especially cars ) . 
  since then the crime statistics decreased for a long time and since 2013 ( free movement of all eu citizens within the eu ) burglary and theft is rising again . 
  the german states ( plus berlin ) with by far the most cars stolen have a border with poland . 
  the thing is the richer the population of a country the bigger the incentive for theft . 
  germany has 16,3 million ( without the new refugees ) people with migration background and it is the second most popular migrant destination after the usa . 
  i 'm talking about the obviously misleading and wrong headline of this post . 
  come on . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  so poles dislike a lot of nations . 
  the octoberfest is a hotspot for sexual harrasment and it is pretty much tolerated . 
  haha . 
  a single dude ? 
  oktoberfest is the biggest groping festival in germany . 
  groping women is pretty much standard in every beer tent . 
  but it is the octoberfest , so it is culturally accepted . 
  i know 2 female friends of mine that were groped dozens of times . 
  seems like you never been to the oktoberfest . 
  there are several news articles about it from the 02.01 . 
  wdr ( which is also a public broadcaster ) definitely reported on the next day as well as several newspapers . 
  the big 2 public news shows zdf heute and tagesschau waited longer to report about it . 
   so you 're saying they 're organized opportunists ? 
  yes  `` the stealing was intentional , the sex assults were just an accident ! '', 
  not at all an accident , more like a given opportunity . 
  the majority of the perpetrators are known pickpocketers and thieves that chose cologne for their party spot , mainly from north africa . 
  some of them roam around europe for several years , because they have no chance of getting asylum in the eu that . 
  the strategy most of them use to pickpocket is called `` antanzen '' where the perpetrator tries to have body contact with the victim through touching in order to distract the victim . 
  this tactic is known to the german police for several years . 
   all fair points , but it 's being widely said that , germans will become an ethnic minority within their own homeland inevitably within a few short years . 
  where is this being said ? 
  that 's total bullshit . 
  we would have to take in more than 50 million refugees / migrants for something like that to happen . 
  population prognoses show that the percentage of migrants will increase but even with the most positive ( in the sense of a lot ) migration forecast there will still be less than 20 % people with migration background in 2060 . 
  also statistics show that migrants have pretty much the same birthrates after 2 generations . 
  it still is . 
  it was a single incident ( mainly because of a total misinterpretation of the police that was pretty much absent the whole night ) and something like did n't happen again . 
  while that is not good either , it is a huge difference to some people claiming there were hundreds of rapes , especially regarding what a chaotic shitfest new year 's eve in germany can be . 
  main reason for them getting together was stealing and sexual assault came in `` handy '' for a lot of them . 
   didnt the german press cover this up for 4 days ?
