  here you can see what all this constructed pc/non pc talk about censorship of the polish government and some polish redditors is really worth . 
  the polish government that sees the traditional polish values endangered by cyclists , vegans and germans . 
  one of these values seems to be self-pity . 
  at the end of the day the self proclaimed `` politically incorrect '' still want to censor stuff that they do n't like . 
  it 's not about leading a discussion about whether or not censorship in poland and the rest of europe is adequate . 
  it 's about creating a victim complex . 
  on the one hand they are pretty good in harshly criticising everyone else and boast how politically incorrect they are while doing this . 
  on the other hand it is `` incitement of hatred against the polish people '' when their government is criticised . 
  where is the love for the political incorrect now ? 
  congratulations for being even more butthurt about a fucking carnival floater than turkey . 
  such balanced views, 
  `` the plague is coming . '', 
  replace the word asyl with polish people . 
  maybe you can understand the difference then . 
  of course i can . 
  double standards you say ? 
   well , after all getting offended over the weirdest things seems to became some kind of a sport in some countries lately . 
  you wrote this 4 days ago, 
  which country are you talking about ? 
  oh man if criticisng the head of government / state means inciting hatred against the people of this state the german people must be hated by almost everyone . 
  yeah of course why not . 
  merkel is ridiculed at by dozens of nations for every kind of shit and noone cares . 
  you know that there is a difference between making jokes about racial features of minorities and making fun of the head of government / state of a eu country ? 
  seems like you 're a little butthurt . 
  nothing would happen and noone would care . 
  in germany girls perform better in school than boys and therefore have a higher education level . 
  they are also more willing to move away from their family and their hometown for their `` career '' . 
  because emplyoment and salary is worse in east germany than in west germany a lot more women are moving to the west . 
   the lower labor costs mean lower living standards to german workers . 
  actually this year germany had the highest increase of real earnings since the beginning of measurement . 
  and `` liberals '' . 
  do n't know why you are downvoted . 
  that is pretty much the situation in this subreddit and reddit in general . 
  okay i fell for it for a moment . 
  so it 's the first one . 
  guaranteed equality before the law ( which is standard in the western world ) does n't mean there are no classes . 
  have you never heard of the terms middle class , upper class , lower class ? 
  since you are so fond of definitions i just link you this wikipedia article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_class also this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gini_coefficient ( if you scroll down a little bit you can see that the usa is the country with the highest inequality in the western world , in other words the most strongly divided in classes ), 
  you either are not the brightest candle or you are trolling . 
  all the refugees opened up restaurants in stuttgart . 
  and ? 
  what a lame excuse . 
  i thought almost all middle - and eastern european countries were part of the [ `` coalition of the willing '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_of_the_willing ) during the last iraq war . 
  i still remember rumsfeld calling them the new europe while he called countries like germany , sweden , france and austria [ `` old europe '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_europe_%28politics%29 ) for not supporting the iraq invasion because they were doubting the reasons and motives of the usa . 
  today we know the iraq invasion played a major role in the formation of isis that is responsible for hundred thousands of refugees . 
  so come off your high horse . 
  does this affect you personally ? 
  i 'm from hannover and my life has n't changed a bit , except that once in a while i 'm overfriendly ( for a german ) greeted by strangers on the street . 
  under my friends and family there is noone that has had a bad experience with refugees yet . 
   except your gastarbeiters were selected for economic ability , education , and the like ... 
  the gastarbeiter mainly came from east anatolia , one of the poorest , most religious , most illiterate regions in turkey . 
  only requirement for them was to have 2 legs and 2 arms . 
  today 's refugees have probably a better education than the turkish gastarbeiter of the 50s and 60s . 
  public pressure , mismanagemant in the past and and mismanagemt in nye with providing almost no support for the policemen at place through a miscalculation of the situation . 
  the media reported the incident on the next day and the scale of this was only realisable in the next days when the majority of the displays were made . 
  i 'm sick of all the fairytales flying around / r/europe . 
  welcome to / r/europe where statements that are objectively wrong in any way are upvoted . 
  a refugee is a person who is outside their country of citizenship because they have well-founded grounds for fear of persecution because of their race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , and is unable to obtain sanctuary from their home country or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country ; or in the case of not having a nationality and being outside their country of former habitual residence as a result of such event , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to their country of former habitual residence . 
  refugees from regions at war are not affected . 
  what kind of poor treatment you are referring to ? 
  seems like you already made up your mind . 
  the tax will be abolished because it is against eu law . 
  you do realize that most european countries have uhc for generations . 
  you make it sound as if it is something new they have no experience with and you have to educate them about all the dangers . 
  i 'm from germany . 
  we have the oldest national health insurance in the world ( since 1883 ; in some german states even since 1869 ) and you probably wo n't find many people in germany that are against uhc . 
  and ever since it is a success story and made the life of millions so much better . 
  the man already turned himself in . 
  he is interrogated by the police . 
  you 're confusing freedom with money . 
  in which way is east germany the problem here ? 
  that 's such a jewish thing to say ... 
  well said . 
  seems more like you dislike germany . 
  almost 70 percent of danes have a positive opinion about germany . 
  only 3 % dislike germany . 
  but there was a cultural sphere that was german which he belonged to and he definitely would not call himself austrian . 
  i would say to settle this down he was a german austrian or an austrian german . 
  in letters he calls himself german ( teutscher ) . 
  so then g\u00fcnter grass is polish or immanuel kant is russian ? 
  his parents were german and the f\u00fcrstentum salzburg was part of the bavarian circle ( bayerischer reichskreis ) and if you would ask him which nationality he has i 'm pretty sure he would have said german . 
  an error that was made because of the kleindeustche l\u00f6sung . 
  edit : / s, 
  ludwig van beethoven , johann sebastian bach , richard wagner , georg friedrich h\u00e4ndel , johannes brahms , richard strauss and yes even mozart was german . 
  though a lot of them went to vienna to work there . 
  i would like to cite myself from a comment i posted 1 week ago :  there is a problem with pickpocketing gangs from north africa for quite some time in cologne ( long before last year 's refugee wave ) . 
   these gangs use molest tactics for their pickpocketing . 
   i would bet 100 euro that mainly these guys were involved in this whole nye mass abuse . 
  [ look here . 
  ever heard of schengen ? 
  east germans have far more babies than west germans although there are much less immigrants living in east germany . 
  so i think immigrants are not the main reason . 
  it probably has to do more with a thriving economy and a better supply of nursery places in the last years . 
  german birth rates have been rising for 3 years now . 
  i know several german companies that have recruiting programms that are specifically designed for young peple from other eu nations . 
  the real earnings had the strongest rise since beginning of measuring in germany this year . 
  you are aware of the fact that he most definetely was armed and ready to kill everyone who wanted to get him ? 
   like the rise burning refugee centers that dind ' t tell that 90 % were set on fire by refugees please show me this statistic . 
  `` everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this declaration , without distinction of any kind , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status . 
  furthermore , no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political , jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs , whether it be independent , trust , non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty . '',
