  why 's that ? 
  ever heard of wwi and the treaty of versailles ? 
  before that germany was the second biggest economy in the world before the uk ( including ireland ) and france , only behind the usa . 
  the german empire had more than 2 times the gdp of eastern europe and more nobel laureates than us and uk combined . 
  the only tuition you pay is the semesterbeitrag , which often includes a free ticket for public transport . 
  it ranges between 80 and 300 euro per semester , no matter german or not . 
  in germany for example . 
  i paid 187 $ for my room and 95 $ per semester for my university education . 
  i got around 600 $ per month from the state . 
  so when several countries get 100 % sick leave the map just shows how much people earn . 
  what does that have to do with the quality of sick leave ? 
  he explicitly stated that the tax relief will be aimed at low-wage earners . 
  npd which is pretty much a full-blown neo nazi party . 
  thx . 
  may i ask where you get these numbers from ? 
  this election had nothing to do with state policy . 
  a quarter of the berliners have a migration background . 
  in m.v. 
  it 's 3,8 % . 
  so yes , berlin has much more immigrants than mecklenburg vorpommern . 
   it 's just war compared to war all forms of human endeavor shrink to absolute insignificance . 
  you say that as if tourism at the baltic sea is something new . 
  in fact the first seaside resorts in europe were all founded in the 18th century on the german baltic coast . 
  since then the coastal region is historically characterized by tourism with its beautiful resort towns . 
  also more than 30 % of the germans go on vacation inside germany . 
  and the baltic sea is the top destination in germany . 
  from an economical point of view germany already surpassed the uk in 1905 as second largest economy in the world after the usa . 
  yep . 
  [ that 's the odeonsplatz in munich by the way . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odeonsplatz ) and the building is called [ feldherrnhalle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feldherrnhalle ) ( field marshall 's hall ) . 
  this is where hitler 's [ beer hall putsch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beer_hall_putsch ) was stopped . 
  this was obvious . 
  just a reminder why : every big berlin company ( for example siemens , aeg , telefunken , osram , allianz , deutsche bank , edeka , lufthansa and commerzbank ) relocated after the city was the divided . 
  so you have a 3,5 million city with almost no big company headquarters . 
  but in the last 10 years berlin managed to create more than 350.000 new jobs and today berlin is the german city with most company foundations . 
  ireland, 
  so having a spine means going down the road erdogan is going ? 
  what ridiculous influnece do you mean ? 
  you surpassed us after wwii . 
  listen . 
  i do n't want to degrade the scientific accomplishments of britain which were huge in every way . 
  and everyone knows this in the anglosphere and also in the world . 
  but it often seems that not many people know about the scientific accomplishments of germany and a lot of people think germany was only a scientific power house in the time of the third reich , which could n't be further from the truth . 
  everything gets overshadowed because of wwii . 
  i just want to say there was a time where germany , at least in some fields , was at least on par , if not surpassing britain which was philosophy and music since the middle of 18th century and chemistry , physics , maths and engineering since the middle of the 19th century untill world war ii . 
  `` arguably '' . 
  but i give you that . 
  it 's probably true . 
   was even more research orientated than the german universities . 
  that is just not true . 
  also great britain became runner up behind germany in the list of the biggest economies in the world around 1905 . 
  that 's why i said `` arguably '' . 
  if you would count the scientific output during this time in nobel prizes it definitely was . 
  a lot of historians would say it was . 
  ( at least in chemistry , physics and engineering ), 
  that is bullshit . 
  at least since the 1860s till the 1940s germany was a scientific power house and was arguably one of the biggest science hubs in the world . 
  i can recommend you a book about this topic . 
  it 's called [ the german genius : europe 's third renaissance , the second scientific revolution , and the twentieth century by peter watson . 
  ] ( https://www.amazon.com/german-genius-renaissance-scientific-revolution/dp/0060760230 ), 
  i think until the 1950s germans had more nobel prizes in chemistry and physics than the uk and us combined . 
  then there are at least 20 us nobel prize laureates that were born , raised and educated in germany and then you know stuff happened and they became american . 
  how often have i heard this fairy tale ? 
  wow . 
  you seem to be a douche . 
  i 've seen hundreds of users saying cologne nye was mass raping . 
  enjoy your brexit . 
  i would guess you 're from uk ( talking about a country going to shit ) which had a suicide bombing before . 
  i would really like to know where `` here '' is ? 
  you seem to forget that an islamist killed 50 people in the us just one month ago . 
  what does that say about the safety of your society ? 
  another eyewitness stated that in an interview . 
  that is not confirmed and the only source for that was cnn . 
  german media and police have n't mentioned anything like that . 
  at his home they could n't find anything that would associate him with islamism . 
  in fact he had books about school shootings at home and his whatsapp profile pic was breivik ( yesterday was the day breivik did his mass shooting 5 years ago ) . 
  witnesses claimed he shouted `` i do n't care anymore '' and `` fuck foreigners '' . 
  he used the same weapon as the last school shooter in germany . 
  he also probably lured his facebook friends to mcdonalds . 
  six of the victims were migrant kids ( turkish / kosovar ) . 
  most of them were school kids . 
  in the park deck video he said he is german and was bullied since the 5th grade for 7 years and even was in psychiatry . 
  he also killed himself , which is highly unislamic . 
  also he is probably shiite , which is an infidel in the eyes of isis . 
  so it is possibly true that he shouted `` schei\u00df ausl\u00e4nder '' after hearing he admired breivik and killing mostly people with migration background . 
  and that 's the best answer i heard yet . 
  not from the video . 
  a german eyewitness said he shouted schei\u00df ausl\u00e4nder . 
  cnn even showed the guy who said it , but they cut the part out . 
  german police did n't say he was a shiite . 
  they di n't say anything about his religion . 
  they also did n't say that he was born in germany ( although he probably was ) . 
  cnn is the only source for the allahu akbar part . 
  nothing about that in german media . 
  no other eyewitness i heard backs that story . 
  also the police knows nothing about that . 
  they have to do something , they have to stop this . 
  i read this all the time . 
  but noone really can tell me how . 
  definitely a pretty crazy theory .
