  i mean , i will be the first to admit that my country has some deep issues and yes , the current level of hysteria about the refugees is reaching crazy levels . 
  but do you seriously think that small cee countries have any say in what is happening in syria/iraq ? 
   sorry , maybe i 'm being a bit mean . 
  imo , it is n't about the cee , so much as it 's about the european allies as a group . 
  they have a combined population and gdp which is about 110 or 120 % of that of the us , but are n't really contributing to global stability as they could/should . 
  that leaves us to do it ( and we 're not great at it ) . 
  what i would rather see is for the european allies to take this part of the european neighborhood as seriously as they took yugoslavia 20 years ago ( and a lot of the same approaches and solutions from there could even be directly transposed to the current situation ) . 
  imo , a response modeled on the dayton peace accords might be useful . 
   russia only understands strength so , it might be useful to contain their moves then . 
  the baltic countries are now training in mixed-warfare response tactics . 
  it 's a good start . 
  ukraine might have been handled with a show of force ( which is to say , create a zone of nato occupation , similar to what was done with germany ) . 
   the roma problem is a big issue , yes , but it is not as one-sided as you think . 
  basically every goverment comes up with a new strategy how to integrate them . 
  nothing ever works . 
  not just in our country , these problems are everywhere . 
  i do n't pretend that it is , but the feeling in the eu-15 is that cee 's shortcomings here create consequences for the eu-15 . 
  i 'm not sure what the solution is , but i know it is n't putting them in walled ghettos and kicking their kids our of school . 
  also , it 's pretty true that the us has its issues on these matters , but i feel as though they are generally more severe in europe . 
  i know that in western europe , it 's a bit of a `` broken window '' problem , which could be improved by going after the small stuff constantly . 
   other than that , there are other minorities living in cz and they are not bullied . 
  from my time living there , i 've understood that slovaks are generally liked ( although ppl see their dislike of hungarians as irrational ) , poles are also generally liked , while russians and yugoslavs generally feel disliked ( that 's what they told me ) . 
  any sort of non-white foreigner has it kinda rough in prague , in my experience . 
  while i was there , i had an african-american gf for a time ( she had it rough ) , and some british-indian roommates . 
  it was not a pleasant experience to have to wipe her tears every 48 hours . 
  as for gays , i was really more referring to the fact that in france ( where i now live ) , gays just got the right to marry 2 years ago , and some major ultra-right-wing wwii resistance hero committed suicide over that . 
  le pen and her ilk were outraged . 
  how dare they want rights !, 
  does n't work that way . 
  waiting for us to get around to doing something about the issue is roughly equivalent to watching your neighbor 's house catch fire , and then just passively hoping that he 'll do something before the flames spread to your house . 
  i mean , i guess you guys could do that ... . . but it is n't what we usually do in our own near-abroad . 
   aehem ... isis was founded in 2004 . 
  in a state called iraq , where at that time the us was present with a 6-figure number to my understanding . 
  while i was with europeans on not initially being in favor of the iraq war ( uk not included ) , my main point is more that you can not just ignore the near-abroad forever , and hope that things will turn out alright . 
  isis arose in 2011-2012 . 
  that 8 years worth of europe wholly ignoring their own national interest in their own backyard . 
   the fact that `` the french took out ... '' left lybia in turmoil to this very day does not support you scenario that was talking about mali . 
  not libya . 
  imo , what libya ( and tunisia ) need is state-building . 
  the europeans did that in the balkans . 
  they did it when the berlin wall fell too . 
  but for some reason , when the arab spring happened , they just could not be bothered . 
  i hope that this episode will help europe remember to never again neglect their near-abroad . 
  who knows . 
  next time around it might be belarus and ukraine which collapse . 
  okay . 
  stop paying me to be here ... . and i 'll leave . 
  simple as that . 
  what we originally wanted when the arab spring began was for the european allies to pull their own weight , at least as far as taking care of their own neighborhood is concerned . 
  the french took out aqim in mali in 2013 . 
  while it should have served as an example of what needed to be done with such movements , the sad fact is that nobody in europe did anything else whatsoever . 
  imo , if 1/2 as much effort had been put into the european neighborhood this time around as was done when it was the balkans that were the source of the problem , this whole thing would have turned out completely differently . 
  i 'd say that depends on how long i 've been living on this stupid continent . 
  8 years and counting . 
  but here 's my attempt . 
  europeans feel good enough about their nationalism to bully small people . 
  gays , ethnic minorities , and people from neighboring countries . 
  but not good enough about it to actually contribute in any meaningful way to stability in the world . 
  i bet if i thumbed through your comment history , i 'd probably find plenty of complaints about refugees , but absolutely nothing to the effect of shutting the problem down at its source ( syria ) . 
  amiright ? 
  i bet furthermore , that i 'd probably find a bunch of bs complaints about the roma , but nothing whatsoever about how your country keeps them in walled ghettos and systematically denies them education ( thereby creating a problem which is mostly felt by western countries to which these guys will eventually migrate ) . 
  if my memory of living in prague serves me well , i might even find comments against yugoslavia and/or russia ( or maybe even the people from there ) , but no backbone whatsoever when it comes to dealing with either russia , or the former yugoslavia in any meaningful way . 
  [ except to pick up the red phone which connects to washington and whine into the phone like pussies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewkzekvxjzu#t=3m47s ) . 
  right ? 
   between germany , austria , sweden and other north european countries countries who do n't actually have direct access to the med ? 
  i do n't get to see this to europeans very often , but my country has been independent longer than yours has . 
  also , we helped create the country that used to be there before czech rep. came into existence . 
  apparently , we did n't do a very good job though ( south korea came out better ) . 
  does greece ( the eu as a whole for that matter ) actually have the logistical capability for that ? 
  i mean , we see that they have the capability to complain about it . 
  but that 's not the same thing . 
  yeah well ... like it or not , million of them have shown up . 
  so far , all europe has done about it is to whine about it like the effeminate bitches they are , plus maybe enact 2 or 3 wholly symbolic measures . 
   is this jerk a real president ? 
  only in as much as czech republic is a real country . 
  so ... just barely . 
  what if germany responds : `` okay ... you pay for all the flights '' ? 
  it 's unlikely greece has anywhere near the necessary budget to do anything on its own here . 
  do the greeks actually have the logistical capacity to send even 1/50th of that number anywhere ? 
   the north koreans sealed their borders pretty tight they have the world 's 4th largest army , and maintaining it costs nearly their entire damned gdp . 
  also conscription is universal in that country . 
  but , imo , it would probably take europe fewer resources to tell isis & friends to stfu is the same way that we told the serbs to do so 20 years ago . 
  if you guys all had the cojones for that , i suppose . 
   it 's an ideological thing , people at the bottom end of society having their concept of british exceptionalism eroded . 
  imo ... exceptionalism is bullshit . 
  seems to me that everybody think 's that they are somehow special , and that general rules , laws , and priciples do n't apply to them . 
   you can \u00b4 t stop them without force this is exactly my point . 
  does any eu member national actually have the resources for that ? 
  it seems to me that the answer is that europe has got just enough resources , cooperation and organization to bitch loudly about the problem . 
  and not much else . 
  last i checked , the italian navy is pretty overwhelmed ( but that unhcr numbers estimate that 1 in 8 refugees actually eneted via italy ) . 
  i was reading last week , that they deployed three ships to the aegean . 
  three . 
  aside from being a pointless symbolic gesture , wtf is that gon na do ? 
   unless you are willing to send army to make sure they won \u00b4 t cross the border there is not much you can really do well , 20 years ago , the course of action which was elected was to tell milosevic and the serbs to stfu . 
  eventually , that approach worked . 
  imo , it needs to be tried again . 
  i hate to admit it , but there was a strong element of `` fuck yeah '' in the 1st video . 
  eur/usd is n't doing too bad though, 
  depends on whether you guys can finally get off your asses and do something about the war .
