  europe does n't have any of those things . 
  so all they can do is talk tough . 
  but ... if you guys had those htings , you might have decided that it would 've been cheaper and easier to deal with the refugee problem at its source ( like with bosnia and kosovo ) . 
   900k are only here because of the welcome . 
  yeah ... no . 
  if i were a refugee , i 'd worry more about what isis thinks than about what merkel or orban think . 
  if you want proof of concept , ask any of that 90 % of syrian refugees that have fled to turkey , lebanon , or jordan . 
  that 's why the majority of the world 's refugees end up moving to other developing countries . 
   what would happen ? 
  they would deport the asylum seekers , the problem would be solved , they 'd promptly be replaced , and the left would ( hopefully ) take it as a warning not to ignore the wishes of the people . 
   oh absolutely , somehow , the eu would magically develop the resources to do that . 
  overnight . 
  suddenly , the italian and european navies would actually have enough boats to patrol the med , member nations would have enough gendarmes to find and round up millions of people , and there 'd be enough air and naval assets to send back millions of people over a 6 or 12 month period . 
  despite years of neglect to the hard-power assets by most eu member nations . 
  [ ** somehow . 
  ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hc7gvmomoa ) / s, 
   because now they wo n't be accepted anymore and be sent back . 
  yeah ... well ... lots of leaders have already been shouting `` send them back '' or `` they are n't getting in here '' for months , if not years . 
  but tbh , it does n't seem like you guys have got the logistical resources to send back 900k refugees . 
  so , you guys are going to need a viable plan b. 
   10 % or so get deported back . 
  even pretending that the eu has enough resources to send 90k people back to their various countries of origin , is wildly optimistic i 'd say . 
  it would 've just been better to deal with this crisis before it came to europe . 
  `` an once of prevention is worth a pound of cure '', 
   as for syria . 
  we do n't care and have not much reason to . 
  well , i 'd imagine that most people kind of mind seeing all those refugees show up . 
  but i guess that not everybody cares about prevent problems abroad before they come to you . 
  maybe that 's a uniquely `` great-power '' way of thinking about it . 
  but i doubt it . 
   we said no to the quotas in terms of hard power , this is pretty much fictional bullshit . 
  making agreements on quotas and stuff is something that can viably be done before the refugees arrive . 
  not after there 's already 100,000 of them in your country , and you do n't have the resources to do anything about it . 
   considering our land claims over ukraine it would make more sense to join on the russian side . 
  we should really be more careful about who we 're calling `` ally '' these days . 
   what problems in our neighbourhood ? 
  the first that come to mind are ... 1 . 
  bosnia 2 . 
  georgia 5 . 
  libya 6 . 
  baltic region, 
   so you think this refugee crisis is about a lack of military spending ? 
  no , its about lack of peace-keepers in the conflict zone . 
  think . 
  how did the kosovo war end ? 
  how did the bosnia war end ? 
  also , it 's about what happens when the eu cuts its budget to the italian navy , and also stops giving a shit about what 's happening on the libyan coast . 
  and ... why no peacekeepers ? 
  why neglect the med and the libyan coast ? 
  i concede that france is the exception to the trend here . 
  i could n't imagine how much worse the situation would be if the french had n't gone to mali in 2012 to shut down the self-declared islamist state that was forming there . 
  but bitching about what the americans have done in the region is completely pointless . 
  everybody has got their own national interests here . 
  you can not expect us to always be interested in your own local sovereignty challenges . 
  in principle , we would like to hope that you 've got the resources to do what you need to do in terms of securing the european neighborhood . 
  we , and the russians/chinese/etc . 
  have got the resources to secure our neighborhoods . 
  that 's why we do n't have refugees streaming in from haiti right now . 
  why do n't you do the same ? 
   romania is going to have up to 10,000 troops in afghanistan by 2020 . 
  not to mention that you guys left the corrupt and incompetent iraqi guvernament and army to fend for themselves , against the rebels you funded . 
  true . 
  it probably might have been clever to use those 10,000 men to maintain order in your own neighborhood before sending them into far-away conflict zones which are ( let 's be honest ) of only marginal interest to romania 's national interest . 
  i refer to european nato in general . 
  is it so absurd that not having the resources to respond to crises in the european neighborhood leads to total and complete inability to do anything useful when shit goes wrong in the european neighborhood ( as it does from time to time ) ? 
  edit : after looking it up , i see that the real figure is [ closer to 1 % ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/wo-at611_natosp_9u_20140904115706.jpg ) . 
  but my point still stands . 
  you guys would not be in this situation if you bothered to develop the resources to deal with this kind of situation when it occurs . 
  sure , you can make jokes about `` murica '' , and so on , but that is ultimately meaningless . 
  the thing that matter whether or not you guys have got the resources to actually deal even the most basic challenges to sovereignty and national interest in your immediate neighborhood . 
   highest eu nato spenders . 
  greece 7.7 , poland 2.2 , france 2.2 uk 2.1 estonia 2.0 . 
  romania 1.6 and going to go up to 2.0 . 
  germany is one of the lowest at 1.4 . 
  so 0.5 my arse . 
   [ ** really ? 
  ** ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/wo-at611_natosp_9u_20140904115706.jpg ) the publicly available figures seem to suggest otherwise ( although i admit that in retrospect 1 % of gdp would have been a more accurate figure . 
   also talking about budget how does the massive overspending on military equipment , development and the giant waste of resources going for you ? 
  i 'm actually talking about the lack of boots on the ground in the european neighborhood . 
  it was the same in bosnia , croatia , and libya and it is in syria and ukraine , and with the european fleet ( or lack thereof ) in the med . 
  basically , you guys could have chosen to do something about the current refugee crisis as early as 2011 , or you could have chose sit around and do nothing ... but then blame eachother and/or whine like bitches once the problem got out of hand . 
  you guys chose the latter . 
  i 'm just trying to ask why you guys chose the latter . 
  we would n't . 
  the russians would n't . 
  and you should n't either . 
   cause we totally have no armies of our own for the most part , this is exactly the root of the problem . 
  if the italian navy & coast guard is completely overwhelmed , if the baltic nations are having to ask their allies to patrol their airspace for them , and if the serbs can chase the dutch army out of srebrenica without much effort , that is exactly what it means . 
  wan na know why we keep asking you guys to start spending 2 % of gdp instead of 0.5 % of gdp on this issue . 
  it 's so that at the very least you guys can patrol your own neighborhood properly ( and without having to call us every damned time ) . 
  ffs !, 
  the eu 's population and economy are roughly 120 % that that of the us . 
  fucking act like it please instead of free-riding like a pack of welfare queens . 
  instead , you 've got merkel in ankara asking for turkish support on this issue and orban coming to the un in new york to whine like a bitch ( see ... the hungarians are willing to ask us for help , but they are n't willing to be helpful ... which is just fucking typical ! ) . 
  be honest . 
  ask yourself . 
  would this shit be happening if you guys spent 2 % ( which is the nato-wide recommendation ) instead of 0.5 % ? 
  you can call it what you want ... but let 's be honest . 
  the real cause of the problem here is you guys not having enough resources to deal with even the most basic challenges to sovereignty and national interest in your immediate neighborhood . 
  wan na know why we keep asking you guys to spend at least 2 % of gdp ( instead of 0.5 % ) on this sort of thing ?
