  if macedonians are determined to close the border , they will close it , there are n't any pannonian style plains in the balkans . 
   i highly doubt that will ultimately be effective . 
  on one side you have a large number of people who have already decided to risk their lives in order to put as much distance between themselves and isis/assad/al nusra as possible . 
  on the other , you 've got a small number of poorly funded and organized dudes who are definitely less scary than isis and less organized than assad . 
  results were to be expected . 
  if you want to cut off the balkan route , the real way to do it is at its starting point . 
  yeah . 
  pretty much . 
  on one side you have a large number of people who have already decided to risk their lives in order to put as much distance between themselves and isis/assad/al nusra as possible . 
  on the other , you 've got a small number of poorly funded and organized dudes who are definitely less scary than isis and less organized than assad . 
  results were to be expected . 
  angela merkel method of counting ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  ` murica ( now available in europe ), 
  yes , i suppose that things have evolved a bit over the past 10 years . 
  i 've understood that the wall in usti nad labem has been brought down years ago . 
  i hear also that these days the city of prague straight-up does n't tolerate skin-head violence ( they used to look the other way on this issue back when i lived there ) . 
  so , yes , i can imagine that things in 2016 are generally different than they were in 2005 . 
  but , i have n't really been back . 
   and then there is the sudden and very sad realization that , while i agree with everything you said and am very sorry for everything that happened to you ; slovakia and czech republic are still probably in the top 30 % in the world when it comes to respecting minorities and human rights , if not even top 20 % depressing , but probably true . 
   if not us , with whom could have the usa been in an alliance really ? 
  the middle east ? 
  china ? 
  south-east asia , the ever genocide heavy african nations ? 
  ( except for the southern part ) , the even worse and more bigoted south america ? 
  pretty much . 
  as kissenger puts it : - * the average person thinks that morality can be applied as directly to the conduct of states to each other as it can to human relations . 
  that is not always the case , because sometimes statesmen have to choose among evils . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've only actually seen a walled ghetto in the czech republic . 
  and i can tell you that it 's some pretty shocking shit . 
  but i have n't seen two countries do this . 
  i 've read about other countries doing it . 
  i 've read about that sort of thing happening in previous centuries . 
  but i 've only seen it in person once . 
  and it caused me to reconsider just exactly who we count as democracies , as allies . 
  and for what reasons exactly . 
  i agree on both counts, 
  well maybe . 
  but i just do n't support being allies with countries who are prepared to put sections of their own populations into walled ghettos , and where the head of state is suspected of having mafia connections ( as was the case with klaus when i lived in cz ) . 
  i also do n't think that i should be swindled on xmas just because i 'm obviously a foreigner , or for my gf to be shouted at basically for being african american , or to be told be banks/restaurants `` sorry we do n't serve your kind '' . 
  those are n't something i do to others . 
  and i do n't think that it 's correct for such behavior . 
  and i think that this is the most honest way that op 's question can be answered . 
  ( attempt at ) an honest answer : i used to live in the cz and sk . 
  while i saw a lot of nice things , a lot of what i experienced was essentially a non-stop shit-show . 
  so much so that it caused me re-evaluate which countries we call `` ally '' and why . 
  which countries we call `` democracies '' and why . 
  but , mostly i blame the shitty states that exist there , and try not to see the people who have to live there as all being responsible for the shit show . 
  in cz ( and as a person of color ) , i basically saw that bigotry , swindling , stealing , and mistreating people simply because they are brown is pretty much a fact of life . 
  it was more severe for me because i also had a gf who was african-american ( and i spent lots of time wiping away her tears ) , and a roommate who was a british indian ( and i spent lots of time seeing and hearing about the way he was being treated ) . 
  it really disgusted me . 
  also , people tried to swindle me always . 
  even on christmas . 
  so sad . 
  then one day i went to the czech city of usti nad labem in what used to be the sudetenland . 
  there i saw that the roma are made to live in a *** walled ghetto *** . 
  when i mention this to czech people , they either respond : - they deserve it . 
  - does n't real . 
  why are my tax dollars paying to defend this country from the russians again ? 
  it is n't really clear what sort of humanity there is to defend in that patch of soil . 
  as for slovakia , i personally had a nicer time there . 
  i lived in the hungarian-speaking danube region . 
  hung out in bratislava a few times . 
  liked it . 
  but , aside from my own little bubble , the things i saw in the distance also worried me . 
  there , the concept of walling off the roma receives international press coverage . 
  also , at the time that i was there , anti-gay discrimination was apparently so severe , that you were n't actually supposed to mention it . 
  but the thing which worried me the most , were the regional ethnic tensions . 
  hungarians and slovaks openly hated eachother , and neither sk nor hungary actually seemed to care about resolving this . 
  not only did the two states dislike eachother . 
  skin-heads from one country would beat up women and children from the other . 
  for context , i was living the east not too long after the balkan wars , and there were plenty of croatians and bosnians around , who would say things like `` this is exactly how it stated in yugoslavia '' and nobody cared . 
  by 2006 , i decided that being allies with eastern europe , was not for me . 
  thank you for the condolences . 
  i really do appreciate that . 
   come on , they are not in `` walled '' ghettos while being rather unusual , i did see specifically that , in the city of usti nad lebem in 2005 . 
  i have since understood that the wall was later torn down . 
   sorry , but middle east is not yugoslavia . 
  well ... in a way , it is . 
  in principle , `` near abroad '' is anywhere where the domestic events in that place can have immediate local consequences . 
  it can be serbia/kosovo/bosnia , but it can also be any other part of the european neighborhood . 
  the italians , for example , live next to slovenia and albania , but also next to libya , so domestic events in any of those three countries can have immediate consequences in italy . 
  and , in a way , it 's the job of the italian gov. 
  to remember that always . 
  along those lines , there is a quote from a soviet admiral ( that i have n't been able to find ) , to the effect that regardless of the nature of the government in moscow , and in istanbul , regardless of whether czar or soviet , the plain truth is that the russian navy still has to care about how to pass through the turkish straights . 
   i hope this refugee crisis and the ukrainian crisis will be a wake up call for european politicians . 
  yes , i hope so too . 
  i actually have high hopes for this european project . 
  and i can already see that the various crises are getting european leaders to try harder to work together . 
  it 's just a shame that there had to be a greek econ crisis , a ukrainian crisis , and a syrian war to get that to happen !, 
   the us got a relevant `` near-abroad '' they did n't turn to shit ? 
  i mean come on - guatemala , cuba , nicaragua , ... we try to minimize the amount of spillover that it creates . 
  that 's why we have accords with cuba , why there are peace-keepers in haiti , and why mexico now has its own immigration rules about central american migration . 
   bombing ? 
  ca n't see much sucess there - and is happening anway . 
  the way forward still is the conference approach - which is underway . 
  good point . 
  but i feel that action could have been taken as early as 2011 . 
   wtf man ?
