  sometimes spelling mistakes happen, 
   then it became a hot topic in 2015 . 
  even people who normally do n't care about foreign policy were aware of the crisis . 
  yes , but perhaps not aware enough to do something meaningful about it . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the paris attacks were a hit called from syria , using illegally trafficked guns from serbia ( zastava ) . 
  on top of that , some of the is operatives have actually been to syria , and the turks knew about it and tried to issue a warning . 
  that means that the paris attacks were basically the result of at least three european failures to pay attention to what 's going in the immediate vicinity of the european union . 
  at least , i 'm pleased that verhofstadt rants loudly about this sort of thing . 
   the problem is , western europeans have so far shown very little , if any , understanding of what the atmosphere is like in the eastern europe . 
  their approach is pretty much this : you , ungrateful easternes , we have been giving you money and now you do n't want to show any solidarity ? 
  since i 'm brussels-based , i can confirm this . 
  around here , there is still palpable frustration that when the 2009 economic crisis , the east got bailed out , while the south did n't ( and belgium almost went down with the southern countries ) ... without any specific macroeconomic reason for the east to get show any sort of preferential treatment . 
  that has been repaid with the eastern eu countries refusing to return the favor when it turns out that we need to help out the south after all . 
  and now this . 
  on top of that , the local negative stereotype is that the east is where the mafia , the guns , the skinheads , and the roma are coming from , and it 's just harsh feelings all around sometimes ( just to be clear , all four of those things are seen locally as the result of the east failing to get their domestic policy in order ) . 
   do you see how the eu policy is completely counter-productive ? 
  this is a good question . 
  obviously it can never really be black and white . 
  but , i would confirm that treating the symptom , rather than the actual cause of this crisis at the source is not just completely counter-productive , it 's actually systematic . 
  i feel that the europeans did the same with bosnia and kosovo ( until we showed up ) , and if putin decides to go on the rampage tomorrow , the same thing will also be true ( and we 'll have to bearn most of the burden of actually dealing with it ) . 
  but on the positive side , i do think that in order for europe to work , it will need to be coordinated and organized in everything it does . 
  so attempts to coordinate dealing with the refugees , i consider to be a step in the right direction . 
  and most of the skepticism basically amounts to people not coming to terms with the consequences of european inaction in 2011 . 
  that 's fine . 
  i prefer the giant walls of text to the snarky one-liner   korea ( or japan ) but did n't you have like massive amount of troops there ? 
  or how did you exactly help with the transition ? 
  we initially had a symbolic number of troops in korea , which is why the north koreans almost completely overran the country in 1950 before we could reinforce them . 
  but since 1953 , we 've indeed kept a sizable military presence there . 
  as for the economic and insistutional side of things , i 'm a bit fuzzy on the details , but the main things that should be noted are : - the marshal plan served as a basic blue-print for us cooperation with allies in asia too , given that it had been successful in europe . 
  - the korean economy is based on the pre-wwii japanese model of governance , firm structure , and relationship between the public and private sector . 
  it means that what we mostly did with economic law , was to just help re-establish what was previously in place . 
  - the korean institutions are in many places a copy-paste of the american ones . 
  they government is a two-party system , with a congressional-style legislature , while the military and inteligence services are also modeled very closely on those of the usa . 
   you see , the problem with eu not caring about its backyard is that eu is not a country . 
  imo , here 's the real heart of the problem . 
  not only is the eu not a country , but when it comes to foreign policy , it 's barely even actually a bloc . 
  which is a shame , because if it were , it would be able to draw on economic and manpower resources amounting to roughly 120 % that of the united states . 
   the western public is already very anti-enlargement , yes the internal politics of the eu are a bit messy for a number of reasons . 
  economic cooperation issues for one , reluctance about migrants from central europe is another . 
   france is too far away from russia to care about ukraine , or georgia , or moldova . 
  they are concerned about putin 's aggression though . 
  except for the small embarassing fact that france 's extreme right party ( fn ) , might have been lent funds from a large russian bank with ties to putin . 
  also , there is the matter that most of the eu 's external counterparties try to avoid dealing with the eu , in favor of dealing with the member nations individually . 
  turkey , russia and china for ex , make it a point to worry more about bilateral relations with germany , italy , and hungary , than with brussels , while the commonwealth countries worry more about their relationship with the uk , and we spent part of the bush administration playing off `` new europe '' against `` old europe '' . 
  it 's europe 's main achilles ' heel . 
   you did see the results of eu-ukraine association treaty in the netherlands , did n't you ? 
  well at the same time , people in v4 countries do n't see the whole migrant crisis as `` our '' problem . 
  any ideas as to how this perception can be addressed ? 
  last year , i actually spent most of the summer living near the france/italy border , while the refugee boats were streaming into italy . 
  while italy asked everybody for help , the rest of the eu just kind of said `` this is n't our problem '' . 
  that lasted until the italian pm went on the bbc to say `` either this problem has a european solution , or it has an italian solution . 
  what he apparently meant was that italy was prepared to facilitate reception and transit of refugees . 
  the french tried to close their side of the border , only to find out that they just did n't have the sort of manpower or resources to actually effectively police their side of the large , mountainous border region , from refugees , who really , really , really want to get away from isis held territory in libya , and are basically prepared to risk life to accomplish that . 
  later that summer , i went to belgrade for a few days ( belgrade beer festival ) . 
  the serbs were sayng interesting things about the refugee crisis , but the main thing is that they were saying `` why is it our problem ? '', 
  my main answer was `` it 's your problem because you happen to live close enough to the conflict zone that you get to experience the consequences of the conflict . 
  and also , do n't forget that 20 years ago people were asking exactly that about serbian refugees '' . 
  that is indeed the choice that our country has historically made . 
  that 's why the country 's largest ethnic group is the german-americans . 
  you can say what you want about our cultural development , or the quality of our beer ( ironically enough ) , but we are the world 's largest economy partially for this reason . 
  ** i apologize in advance for the giant wall of text ** ( i actually have a lot to say here ) . 
   i think it 's just harder to do the state and institution building part in north african countries . 
  not compared to korea . 
  that was a country who , in 1948 , had a lower standard of living than liberia , as well as social and institutional customs influenced by ming-era china . 
  in addition , the country was under pretty continuous military threat by its then more industrially-developed and better armed neighbor to the north . 
  moreover , the traditional rejection of everything western , foreign , and non-korean , meant that aside from having a deep resentment of ... everybody ( to the point where it was previously traditional to simply drown non-korean and half-korean babies ) , meant not only that there would be great resentment of anybody willing to collaborate with western ( or other foreign powers ) , but also that the north has always been able to win at least some hearts and minds in the south by appealing to traditional korean xenophobic isolationism ( and in the north , it 's still the old customs are still so severe that any woman pregnant with a half-korean baby is required to have an abortion immediately ) . 
  ( source : used to teach in a korean school , and have a korean fiancee ) . 
  so ... if we can show up and help turn that sort of society into an institutionally and technologically modern capitalist democracy , then places like tunesia ( where the arab spring was fundamentally pro-labor-union and pro-democratic at the start ) , and lebanon/syria ( an old multicultural society whose traditional culture is stereotyped as being deeply , deeply , shamelessly capitalistic ) , should , in principle be a piece of cake by comparison . 
   it was n't like that in the former cee countries , majority of the people had very positive ( almost uncritical ) view of the west in the 90s okay , but what about the balkans ? 
  there , the sentiment was a bit more complex ( i imagine ) . 
   the public support is really important , and i 'm really not sure what the libyans want . 
  do they want western-style democracy ? 
  do they want secularism ? 
  or do they just want economic prosperity ? 
  that was certainly initially what the tunisians expressed . 
   if they want democracy and rule of law ( and i mean european law , not sharia law ) are they willing to accept european assistance with establishing the institutions or would the population not respect such interventions ? 
  see ... here 's where europe screwed up . 
  during the tunisian elections , there was pretty widespread reporting of wholesale bankrolling of islamist electoral factions by qatari ( and other gulf-arab ) sources . 
  even then , the islamists only won 30 % of the vote . 
  even without foreign financial help , the liberals won half that . 
  so did the socialists . 
  what would have happened if the europeans had actually acted like they actually cared about their own backyard ? 
  to make a comparison to the cold war , the communist victory in the 1948 czechoslovak elections , caused the americans to actively use covert means to prevent communists from getting elected elsewhere in europe ( it was called operation gladio ) . 
  among other things , in ' 49 , we got wind of the fact that the italian communist party was getting back-rolled by the soviets , who 's agents were discretely handing out cash ahead of the 1949 elections . 
  the american response was to first make sure that these soviet agents and their suitcases of cash disappeared silently into the night . 
  then to engage in a letter-writing campaign whereby italian-americans ( en masse ) wrote letters to their families back home , urging them not to vote communist . 
  result : italian communists lost in 1949 by like 1 % . 
  and italy never had a communist government . 
  ever . 
   but is n't middle east your core geo-strategic interest as well ? 
  yes . 
  that 's true . 
  pretty much every major power has an interest there . 
   i do n't see how europe getting involved would improve the situation . 
  europe worrying about the stability of the region would improve outcomes * for europe * . 
  if the arab spring had been treated with the same level of attn as the fall of communism or the breakup of yugoslavia , i doubt that we 'd be seeing the type of current reality that we are seeing . 
   the same goes for ukraine . 
  but i think eu is actually doing a good job there . 
  i think it 's really too soon to tell . 
   you do n't always have to police your neighborhood by force to get good results .
