  given how many there are , and how they 've decided to risk their lives , they certainly outnumber the eu 's personnel and resources to do much of anything else . 
  i get that people are mad at merkel , but imo , all she has really done is just admit reality . 
  they are here . 
  in large numbers . 
  and pretending otherwise requires resources that most of the small , disorganized eu states just do n't have . 
  also , there 's the matter of what the transit countries think . 
  the eu 's first move was to claim `` dublin principle '' ( ie , greece and italy host all the refugees ) . 
  the italians noped out of that pretty much immediately , and the french found out the hard way that w/o italian cooperation , they definitely do n't have the resources to do anything whatsoever about it . 
  so , in the realpolitik sense , `` while the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' . 
  in this case , it 's the refugees and the transit states ( like italy ) who have the actual power here , and so whatever solution emerges will keep this power dynamic in mind . 
   whaat ? 
  we do n't have ridiculously cold winters . 
  we have normally cold winters . 
  the year that i live in prague , it started snowing in october , and did n't stop until april . 
  six months . 
  i do n't know of any parts of the us ( aside from alaska ) which have climates like that . 
   when was the last time you were in the eastern europe ? 
  to be fully honest , it was back in 2006-2006 . 
  at that time , skinhead violence ( that the police just did n't give a shit about ) on exchange students was a thing . 
  and i had one roommate who was a really huge british sikh , who used to get in skin-head fights on a regular basis . 
  as for me , they used to eye me funny , but they never tried anything until there were 3 of them and one of me . 
  and the local skinheads were n't above beating up girls either . 
  it 's easy to look tough when punching a little girl in the face , i guess . 
   i also do n't deny that we have problems with our roma minority , but to describe it as simply `` eastern europeans are all racists who oppress the poor roma people who are totally blameless '' i never said any such thing . 
  i do not believe that anybody is totally blameless . 
  i also lived in hungarian-speaking lower slovakia for a summer . 
  what i was told by the the hungarians and the slovaks was basically that in the past , hungarians were assholes to the slovaks . 
  today , the shoe is on the other foot , and slovaks are assholes to the hungarians . 
  tomorrow , the borders may change again , and the slovaks fully expect the hungarians to resume the historic assholeness . 
  so , imo , there 's no such thing as a blameless party here . 
  the wars in the former yugoslavia also demonstrate this . 
  none of the sides are blameless . 
  so all sides in that war had their commanders arrested and sent to the hague . 
  who 's to say that the roma would n't do exactly the same , given the opportunity ? 
   hese people are refugees who are asking for asylum . 
  they have a right to be safe , to receive shelter , food , accomodation , education for their children and the possibility to work . 
  anything else is extra . 
   nobody owes them a perfect liberal paradise free of any racists individuals . 
  nobody owes them a country with a high living standard , high wages and corruption-free institutions . 
  and certainly nobody owes them a country with a nice , mild , sunny climate on the top of that . 
  i agree . 
  luck of the draw . 
  i 'm sure that in the end , some sort of proportionality-based allocation will prevail here . 
   like those who avoid deportations by crying loud enough get what they want by getting `` emotional '' . 
  you guys actually need to have resources in order to carry out that sort of thing . 
  do n't you ? 
  i just that having a navy consisting of 8 drunken sailors with 3 canoes between them is going to be sufficient . 
  i was in nice when 100 refugees hopped over from italy . 
  that day the french realized that attempting to close the border with a flimsy fence and 13 guards just is n't gon na do shit against 100 people who have already decided to risk their lives for this . 
   this depicts greece and eu as meek and lawless . 
   to be fair . 
  so has the eu 's handling of this entire crisis . 
  all the bumbling has been a public demonstration that the eu just does n't have the resources , organization , or foresight to deal with this issue . 
  they 've put exactly zero troops to deal with this issue at its source . 
  meanwhile , they refuse to talk to the provisional gov. 
  in libya where the refugees enter italy from . 
  you guys also way , way too few boats in the navy to do anything of real meaning . 
  and closing the borders between eu states just leads to the immediate realization that you can not close a border with 4 part-time officers and a bit of wire . 
  not when the people trying to enter have already taken the decision to risk their lives to do so . 
  and as for greece , then the question comes of up `` how are they going to find the money to do anything whatsoever ? '', 
   if it was purely about friends and family , then why is it that it 's exactly bulgaria and romania i lived in eastern europe for two semesters back in college . 
  based on what i saw when i was there , i 'm guessing that the real answer might be that just because they escaped a warzone , does n't mean they like the idea of subjected to widespread institutionalized racism , skinheads , pickpockets , generalized corruption , and ridiculously cold winters . 
  when 's the last time you chose more cash over not being separated from your family ? 
  judging by the fact that your flag represents basically the alabama of europe , i 'm guess that you also chose to stick with your family instead of moving to a country where trains run on time and such . 
  amiright ? 
  i see, 
   nothing you 're saying will change the fact that integration of immigrants in europe vs the usa is just different ah yes ... `` it 's not the same !!!, 
  ! 11 '' please get back to me what you can be more specific about this one . 
   you have guys who get their green card and then go out and wave american flags on the 4th of july , is n't that exactly what geert wilders is all about ? 
  have you looked up his background yet ? 
  and what about all those people ( like sarkozy 's ancestors ) who join the french foreign legion ? 
  and what about people who become gurkhas ? 
  what do you think they fight for ? 
   we have turks marching through cologne germany was not a major world empire . 
  they had overseas colonies for about 15 minutes . 
  look at britain and france , and then get back to me . 
  i brought up the cubans for that reason specifically . 
  i mean , people may not like the fact that miami and south florida is majority spanish-speaking these days , but in terms of economic effect , a group of refugees basically turned a dumpy little swamp-town into a major international city , and international investment destination . 
  all while having a higher-than average median income . 
  not bad for the former contents of castro 's prison system . 
  in france in contrast , the people arriving there , are from the former empire . 
  they speak the language . 
  their legal codes are based on french civil law . 
  so ... as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's the french , who keep fucking it up . 
  in belgium i know that 's the case for sure ( the flemish labor market explicitly says so ) but again , in refugee law , the decision is based on what kind of fucked-up situation they are fleeing from , more than anything else . 
  which is why we have a historical tendency to send the usmc to neighboring countries to keep things from getting out of hand . 
   eastern germany 's population has decreased but it 's been far from `` dramatic . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:bev%c3%b6lkerungsentwicklung_land_brandenburg.pdf i 'm also not a really big fan of the idea that in order to sustain economic growth you have to maintain population growth . 
  eventually , population needs to level off and slowly decrease , particularly in countries as densely populated as germany . 
  well , you make a point there . 
  it 's tough to argue with the hard numbers . 
  but the german press does mention the former east generally being abandoned and delapitaded . 
  [ der speigel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/housing-study-warns-against-the-development-of-german-detroits-a-920662.html ) article as an example . 
   the unemployment rate of refugees in germany after a decade in the country is 50 % . 
  in sweden it 's close to 60 % , and denmark it 's 75 % . 
   why is that different than for the us ? 
  it makes me wonder what the germans are doing wrong . 
  i see that in france and belgium , the tend to do it wrong ( those two countries are so disorganized that nobody gives a shit about * anything * working properly ) . 
  in the uk on the other hand , i 've understood that there 's a study about the indians who idi-amin kicked out of uganda .
