  will finland 's reaction be more like russia 's , or more like hungary 's ? 
  it 's pretty clear that when you compare who 's in charge of those two countries , one of those two has a vagina , and the other one does n't, 
   the finnish government unveiled on tuesday an extensive action plan to halt the uncontrolled flow of asylum seekers into the country , bring the subsequent costs under control and support the integration of successful asylum applicants . 
  really ? 
  does that mean that ** finally ** some european `` ally '' will grow enough balls to go to syria and try to handle isis ? 
  kind of like what the russians are doing ? 
  or is this just more ineffective posturing for the electorate , followed by effeminate whining at the un ( and on the phone to washington ) kind of like what the hungarians are doing ? 
  i guess that would oblige europe to stop free-riding the alliance , and actually develop real militaries . 
  and send them places , instead of always calling washington whenever their own damn neighborhood catches fire, 
   comparing this refugee crisis to jewish refugees is not appropriate and is used to push an agenda the point of refugee law is n't about whether the persons fleeing are `` good people '' . 
  the point of the of refugee status is to determine whether the situation they are fleeing from is shitty enough to consider granting safe haven from it . 
  as for security concerns ... those will always be there . 
  my parents fled to america from communism during the cold war . 
  turns out that so did a number of people who later became mafia bosses . 
  but the question was n't `` are the people fleeing from communism good people '' . 
  it was `` is living under a state with secret police a shitty enough situation that these people should have safe passage '' . 
  as far as this specific episode is concerned , the question is `` is war they 're fleeing from ( of the isis they 're fleeing from ) a shitty enough situation '' . 
  and when it comes to that question , the basic precedent would be the bosnian war and the kosovo war . 
  how did we treat people fleeing from that war ? 
  that 's the legal principle . 
  yes ... it pretty much . 
  it 's not something i support or agree with . 
  that 's for sure . 
  really ? 
  the commission is ? 
  or , did you mean the european parliament ? 
  they do n't . 
  states control their fiscal policy however they please . 
  if you ask me , the entire idea of a country 's democratically-elected leaders needing permission from a non-elected foreign body to make decisions about their own budgetary proces , is just completely ridiculous, 
  wow ... well , maybe you should write to the unhcr and tell them that . 
  i 'm sure that they have no clue what a refugee is , given that united nations agency mandated to protect and support refugees . 
  also , given details on turkish law on this specific matter , you may want to re-adjust your list to exclude all of those countries which have either land or maritime borders with turkey . 
  just saying . 
  also , why mention lebanon . 
  everybody knows that they border the country who is the world 's largest export of refugees at this specific point in time . 
  is your argument that people fleeing from isis into lebanon are `` economic migrants '' ? 
  lots of religious fundamentalists , actually . 
  your country sent us over a non-negligible number of refugees during the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  depends whether or not your country is a signatory of the convention on refugees . 
  or just respects international law in general ( it probably does n't ) . 
  it also depends on whether your country did anything whatsoever to try and prevent the refugee causing situation in the first place . 
  whenever things get out of hand in haiti , cuba , or central america , we try to do something about it to prevent this sort of shit from happening . 
  if you dudes are too lazy to do the same , you have to deal with the consequences of your laziness . 
  sending orban to new york to whine like a bitch about it at the un is not going to do anything . 
  but sending in peacekeepers just might ( remember bosnia ? 
  possibly that some on the bosnian side of the crowd might be upset that they never got a moment of silence . 
  who knows, 
  not everybody supported going in there in the fist place . 
  it was n't as if it was a country who was actively engaging in hostility at the time , and the argument about wmds was pretty obviously utter bullshit from the start . 
  i agree with your solutions . 
  i 'd also like to point out that that 's basically what went down in yugoslavia . 
  it would not be the first time that an austrian tested positive for nazism, 
   if anything , europeans would unite to solve the common problem we all face . 
  unlimited stream of refugees and migrants , and limited amount of tax money and space . 
  does this mean that you dudes will finally get off your asses and do something about syria , where the problem is actually coming from ? 
  or ... is this just more empty eu-style meaningless rhetoric ? 
  yeah , and one of the 7/7 bombers in london was a jamaican , while the boston marathon bombers were russians . 
  but that does n't mean that jamaica and russia are at war with nato at this time . 
  i beg to differ . 
  those two countries are not having a civil war at this time . 
  did n't the anglo-saxons originally come from danish jutland ? 
  was n't england furthermore subject to lots of viking invasion and settlement ( including in 1066 ? 
  generally , it 's more clever to fight this problem where it lives , rather than waiting for it to come to you, 
  yeah . 
  not my point . 
  my point is that if you want to `` send everybody back '' , you need to actually have a military with real , actual resources ( and you guys mostly do n't ) . 
  yeah , but tony abott actually has a navy at his disposal . 
   you used a migrant community who until very recently was encouraged to come to the us as an example of poor border control , the florida issue really is n't that simple . 
  to begin with , the mariel crisis involved lots of incarcerated cubans as well . 
  so the idea that the americans were `` encouraging '' that is pretty questionable . 
  on the other hand , both in 1980 and in 1994 , the sheer numbers of people that were coming we so massive that the coast guard was basically overwhlemed . 
  i was living in miami in 1994 , and that 's the way the news mentioned it then . 
  apparently , the cuban navy tried to act against the refugees also . 
  they also got overwhelmed ( they did ( according to the americans ) use water cannons to cause some refugee deaths at sea though ) so the basic truth is this , while being overwhelmed , there is n't anything to do except to simply deal with it . 
  for the americans part of `` dealing with it '' was to simply say publicly that they were accepting it , and that it portrays castro in a bad light . 
  that 's exactly what i would do too if i were president clinton in 1994 watching to coast guard get overwhelmed . 
   this is proof that border controls can work when the will exists . 
  if anything the story with the miami cubans proves that large enough numbers can overwhelm even large well-organized navies ( meaning that the italians have no chance ) , and that ultimately the easiest option ends up being to deal with it , but to give doing so a positive spin in the media . 
   the vast majority of cubans do n't even come via florida anymore , they enter through mexico while i have n't personally met that many who entered the us via mexico , i do n't think that this is really that relevant . 
  really , i was just saying that given the resources you guys have decided to spend on the developing the necessary resources , as well as the sheer size of the problem ( and the fact that there does n't seem to be much coordination at all ) , the likelihood that you guys could actually be successful in `` taking a hard line '' at this point in time , seems extremely far-fetched . 
  given that the americans are only somewhat successful at patrolling the fl coast , and it seems like you guys have dedicated fewer resources to patrolling more coastline for the purposes of trying to intercept around 6 or 7 times as many people . 
  i just do n't see how this would succeed , except by act of magic . 
   the problem is willpower , not resources . 
  france , italy , and the uk have 3 of the largest navies in the world , if their governments were truly committed to securing maritime borders do you really believe that people on rinky dink boats would make it past ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm a cuban-american who used to live in florida . 
  all i have to say about that is that us coast guard is apparently no match 120,000 cubans who reeeeeeaaaalllly wanted to get away from communism in 1981 , or the 35,000 who wanted that in 1994 . 
  actually , every so often , boats still manage to get past the coast guard ( the wet-foot-dry-foot rule means that if the coast guard catches you at sea , you get sent back to castro , but if you make it to land you can stay , so incentive to make it past the coast guard is definitely there ) . 
  there are haitans that try to make it as well , but due to the danger , a lot of them do n't survive , and they tend to arrive in florida as corpses . 
  does n't stop them from trying though . 
  meanwhile , i hear that the med is calmer and considerably less shark-infested than the caribbean . 
  so yes . 
  - easier sailing than the caribbean , with a lot less chance of dying at sea . 
  calmer currents , fewer sharks . 
  - 7 times as many refugees as ever left cuba bound for the us - fleeing from a situation which is a lot more severe than cuban communism , and a lot more violent than haiti 's situation . 
  - a larger coastline to be patrolled - patrolling to be done with a combined navy that 's still smaller than that of the us , - which belong to countries that do n't seem to want to work with eachother , who dedicate around 1 % of gdp to defense ( whereas the americans spend 4.4 % of gdp ) just in terms of probability and hard numbers , it seems like the combined maritime resources of france , italy , and the uk ( even with the willpower to actually get the job done ) would probably be a lot less successful than the us trying to patrol the florida coast . 
  yeah . 
  not my point . 
  my point is that if you want to `` send everybody back '' , you need to actually have a military with real , actual resources ( and you guys mostly do n't ) . 
  you need to have gendarmes to round ppl up , air and maritime transport assets ( which the italians have already admitted they have n't got enough of ) , and you 'd need a place to send them other than the conflict zone .
