  soft power and ecomical power can work as well . 
  i agree . 
  when it came to us involvement in western europe , and in japan & korea after wwii , institution & state-building and economic cooperation were also important aspects of the solution . 
  you guys did also did that with the former yugoslavia , and you could could have done that with tunisia & libya . 
  is n't that what they also said about milosevic ? 
   theoretically how do you think would the us react if sometimes in the future eu were to have common security policy and decided to significantly beef up the military and project power to africa/russia/middle east ? 
  would you see that as a relief that you do n't have to invest so much into military and do n't have to play the world police or would it be seen as unwanted competition similarly to how china is seen nowadays ? 
  tbh , washington generally asks its nato allies to devote at least 2.0 % of gdp to defense and security spending . 
  the general feeling in washington about the nato allies is that they are free-riding our alliance . 
  we would appreciate it greatly if you guys could better police your local neighborhood , so that we could focus on our core geo-strategic issues . 
  such as asia-pacific relations ( which is where we need to have our focus ) . 
  of course not . 
  that is n't what was done in bosnia either . 
  early action , peace keepers and a halfway decent roadmap might have been slightly more meaningful though . 
   and that should change people to opening their doors to everyone ? 
   i do n't think that this is even actually relevant in a real-world sense . 
  - syria is in the european neighborhood ( meaning that ignoring the war will cause the refugees to start showing up , regardless of who says what , or about how effeminate their complaining abbout it gets ) . 
  if you guys did not learn that lesson in kosovo or in bosnia , do yourselves a favor and learn it now . 
  - compared to the scale of the problem , europe 's hard-power resources are virtually zero . 
  not enough boats , personnel , cash , vehicles , ammunition , et cetera to do anything more than a symbolic effort at this point . 
  well , given that syria is in the european neighborhood , maybe it 's high time that europeans figured out that these two things are pretty much synonymous . 
  especially when europe 's resources to do anything about it now are stretched precariously thin . 
  in short , all of this is the consequence of europe 's failure to act on this sooner . 
  just like bosnia . 
  and kosovo . 
   i do n't think such a large number would be required to survey libya 's coastline . 
   i do n't know why you 're gazing in childlike wonder at such a proposal . 
  mostly it 's because i used to live in florida during the 1994 refugee crisis , and the whole damn us coast guard was pretty useless at handle 45,000 refugees . 
  i have no idea how a poorly organized italian paper boats and canoes club is going to handle 155,000 ( that was last year 's unhcr figure ) refugees , when they probably ca n't even sail in a straight line . 
  actually , i spent part of last summer living near the french-italian border , so , i actually was living there when the europeans failed at this last year . 
   the eu is one of richest trading blocs on earth . 
  they ca n't do the same ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  that is what i 'm saying . 
  moreover , this is pretty much the view from washington ( which is where i 'm from ) . 
  our european allies are basically free-riders to the strategic alliance , whose level of organization , funding , or preparedness to use hard force independently , is poor and basically just embarrassing . 
  everytime there is a crisis int eh european back-yard , the european allies fail spectacularly to do anything about it until the issue becomes extremely serious . 
  not only have you guys neglected the syrian civil war until it 's consequences came directly to eu territory , but you guys did the same with the balkans 20 years ago , and you also do it every time that putin decides to smash some smaller neighboring country , such as ukraine , or georgia . 
  so yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying, 
   navies should be placed 22 km / 14 miles from libyan shores lol . 
  ** which ** navy ? 
  2015 basically revealed that the italian navy was too small , and the rest of the eu was too disorganized to deal with this issue . 
  how is that gon na change now ? 
   australia do this quite efficiently already , i 've no idea why this is such a problem for the eu ? 
  australia actually has a navy , with actual real boats , real fuel , and actual trained personnel available . 
  right ? 
  well ... there are just 3 problems with this approach . 
  there 's not much guarantee that the libyans accept this . 
  they could always say no ( or shoot down anybody who tries it ) . 
  i used to work the the embassy of a south american countries who routinely rejects repatriations . 
  and it 's their territory , so ... 2 . 
  there 's no guarantee that the migrants wo n't try again . 
  especially since both the eu and the libyans are generally less scary that isis . 
  generally , a part of the problem on the european side has been a total and complete lack of resources . 
  verhofstadt shouted in the parliament recently that the eu mission in greece meant to work with the turkish forces could initially only afford to staff 10 % of the personnel that it actually needed . 
  the eu has manage to get this figure up to 30 % . 
  in the med , the italian navy told a similar story in 2015 . 
  they only had enough ships to deal with 20 % of the problem . 
  so , proposing that the eu will magically dig up enough funds all of a sudden to actually expand their activity , is just wishful thinking . 
  let 's face it , the eu airforce and navy is more paper than steel . 
  what the guy being interviewed says at the end really hits the nail on the head . 
  `` right now we are dealing with symptoms , we need to go to the source , and right now , that 's syria '', 
  yeah , but then the countries who are further away from syria ( like finland ) will just go `` we would rather continue to fail to take responsibility for this '' . 
  of course that may provoke some of the countries close to syria and libya to go `` we 're prepared to act as a transit country '' aside from this being hypothetical , i lived near the french/italian border last year , and actually saw the french and the italian governments bicker idiotically like this, 
  so ... your proposal is basically to imitate exactly what turkey is doing ? 
  i 'm not sure if that strategy has been successful for them . 
  i keep hearing that . 
  but i also keep hearing things like : - `` the italian navy is being overwhelmed , and other eu navies do not lend support '' - `` there were an uncounted number of holes in the hungarian border fence within the first 48 hours of its operation '' - `` spanish guards used live ammunition at the fence , but this was insufficient to stem the numbers coming across '' - `` estimates indicate that the eu only had around 10 % of the necessary personnel for implementing their end of bargain with turkey '' . 
  - `` the us continues to urge european nato allies to live up to the military budget recommendations of 2.0 % . 
  although this figure is around half of us expenditures , many nato member nations do n't even contribute 1.0 % ' `` belgium 's 18-vessel navy is shared with the netherlands '' `` merkel steadfastly refuses involvement in libya '' `` european leaders steadfastly refuse european involvement in syria '' and so on . 
  at the bottom of it , what this crisis is really made of , is continuous refusal on the part of our european allies to take responsibility for their own neighborhood . 
  since when does have sufficient naval resources for that ? 
  or personnel ? 
  or funding ? 
  or fuel ? 
  were n't you paying attn to what happened in the med in 2015 ? 
  it seems to me that unless european forces are at least as scary and as well-organized as isis , people are going to keep taking their chances . 
  i know i would rather chance a large fence while being shot at by all 25 pathetically drunken soldiers that hungary could muster , if my alternative was decapitation with a blunt knife by isis/assad regime/al nusra . 
  even if some retarded camerawoman also tried to kick me while i was at it . 
  what would you chose ? 
  that is exactly why the italian navy is getting completely overwhelmed at sea , too . 
  are you asking me what free speech is ? 
  i 'm surprised that people even need to ask in this day and age . 
  oh ... i 'd say that those bunch of no-solution-having neo-nazis certainly get plenty of press . 
  i could pretty much google them and read up on them in a great deal of detail . 
  not bad , considering that they have yet to come up with a way to deal with the syrian refugee issue at its source . 
  just a bunch of dudes out there using their freedom of speech , imo . 
  really ? 
  so ... quick question . 
  what exactly did you do to prevent ander brevik from murdering all those children ? 
  or ... is it that you support his decision to murder norwegian children ? 
   you realise the muslims that went to america were generally middle eastern secularist muslims who were escaping persecution . 
  where i grew up , mostly we have extremely conservative saudis , actually . 
  so , this just go back to the question i was asking earlier . 
  us & canada manage this . 
  why ca n't europe ? 
  hard power . 
  no ... but you can do a better job and integrating 2nd and 3rd generations . 
  us & canada manage this . 
  why ca n't you ?
