   while i would n't say that the current problem is their fault , it certainly has been the incident that has effected them the most , so maybe they 'll take a greater interest in their neighborhood . 
  i can certainly see the french taking a more active role going forward . 
  in any case , hollande is kinda known for it , and his popularity has apparently improved since the paris attacks . 
  so aggressive foreign policy might be his administrations response to paris . 
  as for whether the other parties will have that view , it remains to be seen , i guess . 
  as for the rest of europe , who knows . 
  also , i do n't mean to say that anything is anybody 's `` fault '' . 
  but at the same time , i 'd never neglect to help put out a fire in my neighborhood , because that fire `` was n't my fault '' . 
  i 'd be more worried about the fire spreading than anything else . 
  not sure if blaming us , or putin , or milosevic , or ghaddafi is going to be a good subsitute for getting off your asses and taking direct action . 
   i think you are overestimating the amount of autonomy european countries have in regards to foreign policy , especially in areas where `` us interests '' are present , specifically the me . 
  well , the problem is that the european allies are completely apathetic about their neighborhood in general ( except the turks , they seem to care somewhat ) . 
  but , mali provides a clear picture of what could have been with just a little more `` umph '' on the part of our european allies . 
  meanwhile , bosnia provides a clear picture of just how bad things can get if european apathy goes too far . 
  i think that you are missing the point . 
  the point is simply that wars create refugees . 
  if europe does n't want to see refugees , then they should consider trying to make sure that there are as few wars ( and other crisis ) in their immediate vicinity as possible . 
  pointing out that my country invaded something in your neighborhood is n't really relevant to this argument , now is it ? 
  the russia takes a hard line about foreign powers doing that . 
  so does the us ( irony notwithstanding ) . 
  mentioning 2003 is also completely besides the point for a second reason . 
  i 'm arguing the general principle . 
  we were n't the ones that started bosnia , kosovo , or ukraine . 
  i guess you could sit and whine that we did this , and that putin did that , and that milosevic did xyz ... but sitting around whining like bitches is n't going to be half as effective as actually trying harder to get off your asses and handling your neighborhood . 
  it really is very simple and direct . 
   russia is not going to invade the eu . 
  stop talking like they are . 
  in yet another example of small european allies free-riding our alliance , the the baltic countries have asked us to station some of our air force there . 
  and you are right . 
  as long as we are there . 
  russia will not try anything stupid . 
  but it would be nice if you `` allies '' got off of your lazy asses and actually took responsibility for your own neighborhood . 
  russia obviously is n't squeamish about doing exactly that . 
  well , it should be obvious that : dropping bombs = / = preventing conflicts . 
  instead of calling us to help you sort your neighborhood problems out for you ( which we 're not guaranteed to do in the exact way that best serves your interests ) , you should carry more of the burden yourselves . 
  a good example would be what the [ french did in mali in 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval ) . 
  the results of their actions were that mali does n't send europe any refugees , and that the malian al-queda caliphate has killed exactly zero people in france since 2013 . 
  the difference of outcome between that and syria ( or bosnia for that matter ) , literally could not be more obvious . 
  no , i think that you might have misunderstood how this works . 
  it 's really simple , and it works like this : 1 . 
  wars create refugees . 
  therefore , you have a choice between handling your neighborhood properly or getting refugees everytime there 's a war . 
  since [ insert scary enemy here ] is scarier than any sort of fence , wall , ocean , or coast guard ... there really is no 3rd choice . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  the same rule applies for syria , ukraine , bosnia , kosovo , crimea , libya , et cetera . 
  that 's exactly why we make sure that there 's a un mission in haiti , that there 's an accord with cuba , and central america 's civil wars all have a peace process . 
  because we are n't too lazy to handle our neighborhood . 
  and you are . 
   but not if this `` we have to keep taking in migrants '' bs continues . 
  well , given the basic fact wars create refugees , i 'd say that your country 's choice is between doing something to put a stop to the war in syria ( and the one in afghanistan ) , or accepting the fact that people will flee from there by the hundreds of thousands . 
  and fyi , isis & taliban are probably a lot scarier that a flimsy hungarian razor-fence , or than a treacherous crossing of the med on a raft . 
  so , if you want it to stop , you guys are probably going to eventually have to do what was done in yugoslavia ( or in mali ) . 
   but for the other 72 % voting fn is not even an option . 
  it does look that way . 
  the french electorate has a lot of inertia in that respect . 
  nothing tactical . 
  just hard facts . 
  the electorate was asked to choose the shiniest of two turds . 
  and they did . 
  the fn was n't it . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah ... they 're not too far from golden dawn, 
  does this refer to the `` schrodinger 's immigrant '' theory , whereby the immigrant lazes about on your unemployment benefits , while simultaneously stealing your jobs ? 
  i know that people like to make ` murica joke here in this sub . 
  that 's no surprise . 
  but to be serious for a moment , my point is that every relevant country on the planet takes its neighborhood policy seriously . 
  no well , the european way , of doing nothing to prevent bad things from happening , and then whining like bitches about the consequences of having done nothing is also an approach . 
  not well . 
  but that is nothing to copy policy from, 
  the roma have lived in europe since the 11th century . 
  when will you europeans finally learn to be mature about this issue ? 
    right . 
  my bad . 
  that was a knee-jerk reaction , since our nato allies have mostly just demonstrated themselves to be a bunch of unhelpful , free-riding pussies . 
   finland is not in even in nato . 
  yes . 
  got it . 
  that 's exactly what i already just said `` my bad '' about . 
  this comment is a bit late to the party . 
   so to think hungary and finland have the ability to do anything is syria eu has got the manpower and econ equal to about 130 % of that of the us . 
  that should be plenty . 
  if only they 'd decide to coordinate sufficiently to handle their business . 
  otherwise , i guess they can continue to just accept the hundreds of thousands of refugees , the civil wars on their borders , and putin doing as he pleases in the region . 
  i get asked that a lot . 
  but this is actually the wrong question . 
  the real question is : does europe care enough about its near abroad to do something about it instead of just whining like pussies ? 
  russia and china would pretty much answer `` yes '' when it comes to their neighborhood . 
  so would we . 
  which is why there 's peacekeepers in haiti ( and a few other bits of western hemisphere policy ) in place . 
  in yugoslavia , the european answer was `` yes , eventually ... and only if america helps '' . 
  but ever since then , the answer has been , we 'd rather do nothing , and then cry about it when we start seeing : - refugees by the hundreds of thousands . 
  including lots of dead ones . 
  - the russian flag go up in ukraine and georgia - foreign terrorist factions hitting domestic targets - balkan and eastern european organized crime seriously . 
  if you guys want this sort of shit to stop happening , you guys need to do in the european neighborhood , what france did to al-q in mali , and what nato did in kosovo . 
  and you need to do it everytime the near-abroad starts seeing problems . 
  but anything short of that is mostly just meaningless posturing , while complaining about mild vaginal discomfort . 
  right . 
  my bad . 
  that was a knee-jerk reaction , since our nato allies have mostly just demonstrated themselves to be a bunch of unhelpful , free-riding pussies . 
  but the question still stands .
