terror and crime . 
  otherwise known as `` civil unrest '' . 
  they 're expecting shit to go south soon . 
  pretty much exactly the same as the ukranian berkut was used for in the ukranian revolution of 2014 . 
  still ca n't discuss creating a european standing army under the rotating command of it 's members if the arguably more important member could be leaving the union . 
  the other issue is that the eu is primarily supposed to be for commerce / trade only this eu military is well outside that initial remit . 
   i am by no means an expert on this topic , but i believe the long term goal should be to create a joint european army , with a centralised structure , which creates less overhead than having a complete structure for each national army . 
  this is the plan but this can not even being to be discussed until after the we ( the uk ) have our referendum on whether or not to stay in the eu . 
  due to us being the most power military powerful in the eu it will be entirely hinged around complementing uk military capabilities should we stay in the eu due to the uk being the only country in the eu to have a full spectrum military capability . 
  as demonstrated in 1989 , yes you do . 
  russia is n't economically strong enough to actually finance a second cold war against nato . 
  i love it . 
  as soon as anyone is `` proud of this country '' people crawl out of their caves to shit on anyone who is proud and call them genocide supporters . 
  i am * proud * of this country and our history . 
  i 'm not going to let any of you tell that i should n't be either . 
  because germany lost . 
  i honestly do n't see a huge problem with this . 
  this makes me happy for some reason . 
   specifically ask for a tab . 
  do n't expect to be given a tab if it 's a small non-chain pub . 
  or just do n't expect to be given a tab at all . 
  if you 've got money in the uk there are also no waiting times should you want to pay for it . 
  well , after reading the data on it and finding out that it * was * in turkish airspace as * everyone * already knows it was we 've decided that it was damaged in the crash ... 
  voting to stay . 
  when i say no one takes it seriously i mean no one fills their time with any real detail . 
  another software engineer . 
  we 've recently started doing this . 
  no one takes it seriously . 
  we * did * have it worked out . 
  it was russia that started * all * of this mess they 're currently in . 
  with the way you all drive i feel like they 've had plenty of practice at getting quick . 
  they 're not relying on `` good will '' they 're relying on the fact that nato countries are too spineless to actually shoot them down . 
   `` 17 seconds is bullshit '' 17 seconds or 3 hours . 
  it does n't matter airspace violation is airspace violation . 
  turkey * warned * them that this was the case after the f-4 shootdown . 
  my prediction is that the su-24 had either shitty or no gps navigation and was operating intertial navigation systems and did n't * know * they were approaching an area of turkish airspace . 
  ( the area that they trespassed through protrudes somewhat from the border ) any modern fighter would know * exactly * where it was and where it was going . 
  guarantee this ends up on the front page of / r/worldnews and / all in a few hours , that entire subreddit has collectively lost their shit . 
  you can guarantee they wo n't . 
  which was probably the entire point of this . 
  you 're assuming that turkey did this without first consulting nato ? 
  so , tell me what was the russian su-24 doing over an area controlled by syrian rebels if they 're only bombing isis . 
  you fail to realise that russia have been violating turkish airspace repeatedly this is n't an isolated incident . 
  they 're all f35b variants designed for the carriers . 
  you jealous because us euros spend 0 on lube ? 
  i confess , i do not know i only use it to fit in with all the people who watch twitch and spam memes . 
  makes me cringe slightly when i actually use it . 
  i predict a lot of salty continentals in this thread . 
  i 'm sorry but i believe absolutely none of this . 
  i believe the methods but i do not for one second believe it is as clean and as strict as they suggest . 
  this is quite literally propaganda to say that gchq is n't the boogie man that everyone * knows * it actually is in a shitty attempt to boost support for this new law . 
  i can not believe that mps think that gchq will actually go to david cameron * before * getting data on them or looking at it . 
  there seems to be so many situations that if you were an mp you would be terrified of this . 
  think of the `` leaks '' that could occur . 
  ars headlines are crazy clickbait . 
  none of this is law yet and i can guarantee that it wo n't pass . 
  you 're going to be surprised when we vote to stay . 
  bitter frenchie detected . 
  enjoy becoming more irrelevant over the next 20 years . 
  i was voting to stay in the eu regardless . 
  corruption is also the number one complaint among american citizens too . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  as it pretty much agrees with what i was saying . 
  i hope beyond hope that we do n't . 
  we * are * better together than apart . 
  i 'll be voting to remain in the eu . 
  it 's 2015 and i want a future with more integration with other nations . 
  we as a species achieve fantastic things when we work together . 
  it 's a tougher road lined with more hardship but i personally am willing to endure those for a better future . 
  which is what i hope and feel the eu can achieve with some small modifications . 
  frankly china get more shit done with their current government and the people do n't hate the system as much as our media would have you believe . 
  is n't it about time for you lads to go burn some more cars , or strike ? 
   read what *** americans *** believe about the uk/france relations . 
  the difference being is that emirates have planes designed for carrying passengers + luggage over several thousand miles the germany military does not . 
  what military transport planes ? 
  germany do n't actually have any strategic lift capability . 
  one dissenting voice does n't mean that he 's wrong . 
  a lot of people were saying that * not * joining the euro would be the end of the country but look at us now . 
  i look forward to hearing americans chant `` usa usa usa number 2 '' . 
  57 % of the country voted to stay in the union yet the nationalists pretty much disregard the * majority * vote that about 80 % of the population voted on . 
  effectively they 're attempting to * ignore * democracy because they 're not satisfied and are practically sore losers . 
  i 'll be voting to remain in the eu . 
  it 's 2015 and i want a future with * more * integration with other nations . 
  we as a species achieve fantastic things when we work together . 
  it 's a tougher road lined with more hardship but i personally am willing to endure those for a better future . 
  which is what i hope and feel the eu can achieve with some small modifications . 
  i 'm not sure why everyone is in awe of russian geopolitical decisions . 
  like you say everything they 've done recently has been neatly countered by the us / eu . 
  i think it 's because people have this conception that eu / us governance is incompetent . 
  also , that during the cold war nato countries were fed this inflated idea that the soviet union were evil masterminds that wanted to take over the world but then look at who won the cold war . 
  allegedly . 
  also this joke is old now . 
  for those that do n't know it 's only actually 720million . 
  not really an awful lot . 
  better just let them all in then . 
  the engineer will sit in the car to handle the unlikely situation of either the car malfunctioning or the car being hit by someone else . 
  russia will once again slowly climb down from their position in ukraine , much like they did toward the end of the cold war . 
  the west has predictably won again which was the only outcome that was assured when russia enters into an economic struggle against two of the worlds largest economics . 
  voted lib dems at the last election , going to vote lib dems again . 
  i can feel a resurgence coming .
