yes please . 
  it 's obviously designed to promote a positive balance of trade for germany and any mainstream economist will tell you that it 's a disaster . 
  the euro is german mercantilism epitomised . 
  well germany is quite mercantilist so it 's not obvious what the answer is . 
  ahh , that makes sense . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  that 's why i 'm asking . 
  ahh , so germany 's laws are designed so that all renewable energy , including imported , is subsidised in the same way ? 
  what is the difference , when the outcome is the same ( state support for power generators ) ? 
  but they are n't suing germany for even more aid to the renewable energy industry ? 
  yep , suing a sovereign country due to their own radiophobia . 
  you go , austria !, 
   you can not have single open european market and government subsidies at the same time . 
  and yet germany subsidies the fuck out of solar power and the eu does n't care ? 
  or does it ? 
  but how are your political views relevant to this conversation ? 
  do i reject anything you say because obama is a loon ? 
  no , because it makes no sense and is just partisan for no reason . 
  why does this subreddit have an obssession with talking about flags before people ? 
  very late to the party , euro . 
  i 'm not arguing the pros/cons of fiscal transfer , i 'm just taking issue with your claim that it is anything to do with socialism . 
  so you think any fiscal transfer is akin to socialism ? 
  damn , you 're thick mate . 
  yep , better get the government to make arbitrary rules then . 
  it 's not like a child is free to call themselves whatever they 'd like and are able to legally change it by deedpoll . 
  austrian bureaucracy wins again !, 
  how terrible freedom is . 
  no , it 's a fair line . 
  for people from countries where the church and state are separated under the constituion , it makes you go `` wtf ? 
  not at all , it seems ridiculous tbh . 
  did the uk ever default or restructure its debt ? 
  basically everyone not in the eurozone handled the crisis much better . 
  the ` free stuff ' does not fully compensate for the money lost through transaction fees . 
  australia is canada with good weather . 
  new zealand is n't a country , it 's a rouge state that had a hard time federating . 
  you 're getting senile in your old age , britain . 
  better than being the 7th state . 
  you 'll only consider it aussie if it is victorian ? 
  are you trying to imply that a 300-year old close-knit union is the same as a recently-fabricated organisation with limited power ? 
  and that opposing one seperation is similar to opposing the other ? 
  you are most silly of them all , it seems . 
  nope , not even a little one . 
  nothing compared to the decimation of almost all of europe from agriculture . 
  but hey , if anything changing the environment scares you , you better get off the computer and become amish . 
  no you idiot . 
  first of all , the current government has n't been `` pushing for it '' . 
  all they did was approve it after a long period of state approval and environmental reports . 
  either government would have approved it . 
  and the reef is not being dredged . 
  a port is being dredged and the plan was to dispose of the dredged material inside the marine park but tens of kilometers away from the actual reef . 
  and if you think this approval came with no provisions about environmental rehabilitation , like seagrass planting , you 're ignorant . 
  also , the reef is fucking massive , and this would take place in a very tiny area . 
  dredge spoils are the least of the reef 's problems . 
  so tl ; dr : leftists and greenpeace ( anyone anti-progress ) are against an almost harmless development . 
  reddit 's obsessive hatred of anything that is not socialism has driven people to think it is much worse than it is . 
  continued large-scale reddit hyperbole and hysterics will continue to exist around tony abbott into the future . 
  wtf ? 
  it 's not being destroyed you idiot . 
  no-one is dredging the gbr , but hysterical leftists might have made it seem like that is the case . 
  if you 're getting your source from / r/worldnews or / r/australia , you 're doing it wrong . 
   australia wants to dredge the great barrier reef you 're seriously misinformed if you actually think that . 
  wtf ? 
  how dare the uk government act in the best interests of its own citizens !? 
  this is an outrage . 
   although that should not happen in an alliance why not ? 
  but scotland will still be part of great britain if they become independent . 
  they 're much more different than the us than canada is , and yet canada is n't part of the us . 
  wow , europeans evidently do n't take kindly to banter . 
  well i 'm glad / r/fibs3n believes it , it must be true !, 
  nope . 
  who gives a fuck , russia administers it . 
  do you disagree that crimea is administered by russia or not ? 
  depends on if you like maps to reflect reality or politics . 
  it is de facto a part of russia , you ca n't deny that . 
  true , but we have fuckloads for hundreds of years to come . 
  i clearly said writing style ... but hey , illiteracy it fun !, 
  aussie aussie aussie winning the world cup that matters !, 
   most expensive are you high ? 
  the subsidies renewables get , especially solar , are ridiculously high . 
  nuclear is fuckloads cheaper . 
  because acting like a leader in emission reduction whilst increasing the generation of brown-coal power is hypocritical as fuck . 
  an opinion piece with the writing style of an angsty socialist uni student gets 50 + upvotes ... lol, 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm ... 
  you ca n't see it working because it wo n't . 
  get out of the bureaucracy for your own good britain . 
  the abc ( australia 's public broadcaster ) is great . 
  very non-biased . 
  maybe slightly left-wing , maybe not , but certainly better than anything else in the market . 
  i 'm sure china 's view is the most rational and nothing to do with foreign policy manoeuvring or nationalism . 
  to make fun of it , probably . 
  butthurt poles ... butthurt poles everywhere . 
  have a cry about someone influential having an opinion your disagree with . 
  why do you care what the europoors think ? 
  politically closer . 
  geography means little . 
  hmmmm , maybe because they speak the same language ? 
  i will never understand why some people in this subreddit try to pretend that the uk is/should be closer to continental europe than the anglosphere . 
  because austrian education is likely very austria-centric ... that 's how most education systems are . 
  why would you upvote a troll ? 
  you mean northern usa ?
