this is n't about sitting money . 
  if you own a building and rent apartments , you can pay less taxes and deduct some of the expenses if that building is from a company . 
  apply that to a lot of things like cars , boats , etc and maybe you realize that having a company is not a bad idea . 
  if that company is easier and faster to make offshore ... you know the rest . 
  to pay less taxes , because it is easier/faster or because sometimes having companies offshore it 's necessary to deal with some countries . 
  we still do n't know . 
  probably nothing illegal . 
  the problem is that the last days he said it was a mistake , not his signature , nothing to do with him or his family . 
  he got caught in his own web of lies and considering we are going to have elections soon , he was a needed sacrifice . 
  exactly , everyday his excuses changed . 
  first he said he had nothing to do with it , that it was a mistake . 
  when the journalists showed the papers from uk he said he had nothing to do with it and neither his family . 
  the next day it was proved that his father owned half the company and he disappeared . 
  now with the jersey papers he only had one option ... 
  the mp also gets a lifetime salary of 80k/year + car + 2 assistants + security . 
  i think the spanish one is not correct . 
  it is about 78.185 $ / year . 
  you see more regional flags than the national flag . 
  i see a lot the flag of andalucia or asturias for example and nobody will make the same asumptions as with the spanish flag , unless the flag is from basque country or catalonia , then a shitstorm could start . 
  yeah , this happens when we are outside . 
  when i lived in france the other expats felt the same but in spain , with other spaniards around we tend to label everything either facha ( right wing ) or rojo ( left wing ) . 
  in spain you ca n't show a spanish flag without being considered a `` facha '' ( right wing ) . 
  i do n't even like monarchy but i like my country . 
  i ca n't show any love for my country in public , unless there 's a football match going on . 
  it does n't matter how they call it , with the pp controlling the senate , they simply wo n't be able to make any serious reform at a constitutional level . 
  if it had been psoe proposing it i would have thought that they were selling smoke ... 
  they also want to create the `` plurinational '' ministry and give it to en com\u00fa podem . 
  i think the whole thing is completely nuts and psoe will break if they accept this first proposal . 
  podemos must be betting on top knowing they will never accept this . 
  nothing . 
  they had scandals before and they even became more popular playing the victim card . 
  i really do n't understand how we can be so terrible . 
  we study english in school and high school , and in the college entry exam there is an english ( or french ) test and after all that there were only 5 students of 40 in my class that could speak english ( in an engineering degree ) . 
  i have a friend working in a vw dealership in spain and he tells me they are still selling the same amount of cars , not much damage done by the scandal . 
  even after the shitstorm they still managed to be the number 1 brand in 2015 in spain . 
  they are related , i do n't know exactly how but you can see pablo iglesias on some of their programs . 
  what they are investigating is if podemos are using this company ( 360 global media ) to get money from iran , not directly to the party . 
  so that is basically what they are investigating , or at least that is what i understood from the articles . 
  iran gave money to a company called 360 global media , related to what later would be podemos . 
  they are investigating ties with the iran regime through their tv channel hispan tv . 
  psoe already said they support the government against the unilateral declaration of independence but i do n't think they will cave in anything else . 
  in case of new elections in spain , all the catalonia shitstorm could be good for rajoy . 
  yeah i should have said i 'm from the south . 
  prawns are the only seafood i 've seen , some people also have stuffed squid but i only had it once . 
  lamb is so expensive not many people have it . 
  then on christmas day in murcia we have `` cocido de pelotas '' that is a stew with turkey meatballs . 
  in spain ( south ) most of the people i know eat stuffed ham or turkey and lots of prawns . 
  i 've never seen a turkey done `` american style '' , we usually remove the bones , stuff it and tie it together . 
  rivera said yesterday that they would prefer to support specific laws rather than providing full support . 
  that is what i meant with pp + ciudadanos . 
  the problem will be the investment of rajoy in case they win the elections . 
  it is clear that pp is going to win ( number of seats ) but the importance about these elections are the coalitions that will be formed . 
  i bet in the end it will be pp in the government + ciudadanos . 
  rajoy said he would prefer to form a coalition to govern but ciudadanos said that they prefer to support specific laws and actions and they want to be the opposition . 
  in any case , it is going to be very interesting to see the new distribution of seats . 
  i do n't know about the rest of eu countries but in spain they take your fingerprints when they make your id . 
  i do n't see why immigrants should n't have theirs taken ( at least in spain ) if they want to have the same rights as any other citizen . 
  what about the people that did n't vote in the last elections ? 
  what about the people that wo n't vote in the new elections ? 
  maybe they used to vote psoe but now they do n't want to vote neither psoe nor podemos and they stay home . 
  it is not very simple but one thing is for sure , the only party that got a rise in the number of voters was pp and the result in third elections would have been the same or more votes for pp , in either situation they win again so ... what then ? 
  the rest keep voting no forever because all they do is say no and never offer an alternative . 
  this had to happen , better now than after third elections wasting more money . 
  bu-bu-but it 's illegitimate !!!, 
  seriously , all i heard since 20d was no rajoy but i have n't seen a single alternative other than psoe+c 's , and that one did n't get even close . 
  if pedro sanchez had any kind of pact with podemos and the nationalist parties he should have said it before the end of summer and not wait until the last moment when the pressure cracked psoe and he got kicked . 
  at least now psoe has the leash and can do some good because third elections would have meant majority for pp . 
  he could have said it in a more professional way . 
  the problem with gibraltar is that it works as a tax haven . 
  they sell huge amounts of tobacco without paying taxes , they also buy/sell houses in the south of spain through companies to avoid paying taxes and that is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  you also have the symbolic part but i really only care about the tax evasion part . 
  yeah , as you said he is usually cautious but this time he went full retard . 
  i consider margallo the best minister of rajoy 's government ( not much room for choice ) but gibraltar is his weak point , he takes it too seriously . 
  to be honest , we have never been so close to do real changes in spain like we are right now with pp + c 's . 
  no more `` aforamientos , changing the electoral law and a bunch of other things that were unthinkable with the past bipartidism . 
  also psoe would have 4 years to do some real thinking , changing internally and regaining votes doing some real oposition . 
  let 's not forget that pp still cant pass any law with just them and c 's . 
  thanks , i 'll check it . 
  yeah all that you said its true , but mining engineering is a bit more complicated . 
  tunnels and mines are very expensive so they usually get the best of the best and people with experience . 
  also because you need to use explosives and it causes a large environmental impact , you need to have a previous knowledge of the laws in the country or a lot of previous experience , that you usually get in small companies in your own country . 
  sadly the places with most mines , north and south america , south africa and australia are not in the eu and the visas are a pain in the ass and cost a lot of money for the companies , that is why they always get experienced people and pay them a fucking lot of money . 
  mining in spain is dead and there are not enough tunnels in construction to give enough jobs for all of us . 
  a friend working in chile managed to get me a skype interview with company that had mines in peru and chile but i got rejected because i did n't have enough experience . 
  as i said in other post , without experience in the field it is very hard to find a job in mining companies . 
  just to give you an example , i recently saw a job offer in south africa and to be assistant surveyor they needed someone with at least 5 years of experience in a similar job . 
  and i 've seen the same kind of shit for dubai and qatar , lots of experience for a job that any intern could do . 
  yeah , i can get a job waiting tables anywhere in the word , but i 'm talking about mining engineering jobs . 
  the problem is that you need at least 3 years of experience in the field to get a job outside of spain and here there is simply no entry level jobs . 
  no one is going to waste money and time to get a visa for someone without experience . 
  i have about 2 years of experience after 3 unpaid internships and they were n't even related to my degree . 
  it is as you said . 
  i studied mining engineering and i do n't know anyone of my class working on the field . 
  half are now in the army or are waiters , the other half are unemployed ( including me ) . 
  from what they say in the news it was n't the tripods that triggered the panic , it was a bunch of people chasing and shouting after someone like he/she was a celebrity . 
  so if you mix a bunch of kids running , yelling in a language you do n't understand ( they could be shouting `` run '' or something ) and all that in a crowded street then this shit happens . 
  and it will be the same , only pro-independence will go to vote as the rest will consider it to be illegal , then it will be declared illegal by the constitutional court and a lot of money will be wasted again , another shitstorm in the news and nothing else . 
  they already did that ( 9n ) and the only thing they achieved was wasting a lot of money . 
  we had 2 big parties for years , one left and one right . 
  they never agreed on anything , everytime they got elected they would blame everything on the previous government .
