  damn , forgot about that !, 
  do we know that h2k made the first contact ? 
  for all we know someone close to sven picked up on it , and forwarded it to he who shall not be named . 
  besides , they want to be in the right mind of the community , which he who shall not be named could help with , if h2k are right ofcourse . 
  it appears that this might actually not be too much of riots concern anymore , if h2k are follwing up with a lawsuit it 's pretty much out of their hand . 
  different jurisdictions have different laws , you do know this right ? 
  first op black cleaver was only for the preseason , or maybe the first month of the season . 
  also we had botrk , warmog , etc. 
  that 's what every player did in a cs : go major though , they signed them and gave them away . 
  but that shotcalling doe . 
  you do know that there 's an olympic sport known as archery ? 
  it 's far from dead , and modern archers probably spends as much time practicing their archery as historical soldiers did . 
  pretty sure there were two democrats and two republicans , with the fromer comcast lobbyist voting in favour of net neutrality . 
  who ? 
  you 're not talking about the one born in the territory we took from you , are you ? 
  men det g\u00f6r det ? 
  \u00d6kningen \u00e4r sjuj\u00e4vla irrelevant , [ antalet syrier ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.7c00d8e6143101d166d1aab/1446451028489/inkomna+ans%c3%b6kningar+om+asyl+2015+-+applications+for+asylum+received+2015.pdf ) som s\u00f6ker asyl \u00e4r avsev\u00e4rt mycket h\u00f6gre , och har varit s\u00e5 under b\u00e5de hela det h\u00e4r \u00e5ret och hela f\u00f6reg\u00e5ende \u00e5r . 
  [ statistik f\u00f6r oktober  ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.7c00d8e6143101d166d1aab/1446451028489/inkomna+ans%c3%b6kningar+om+asyl+2015+-+applications+for+asylum+received+2015.pdf ), 
  sneaky has played competetively for quite some time before the lcs , with lots of different supports . 
  the esports historian , has been around in primarily cs for over 10 years , and got famous in the lol community for his grilled series where he did long , in-depth interviews , with famous players and personalities . 
  most recently he 's producing summoning insight with monte . 
   except when alliance wins, 
  i think you 're talking about even season froggen , bro . 
  thank god i did n't even imply that then !, 
   we do n't want normal police killing our innocent citizens, 
  and we do n't want that in sweden either , but all our officers still carry guns . 
  it 's not about if the police have guns or not , it 's all about their training . 
  rekkles made it pretty clear on his stream that he was n't interested in leaving , and the he was proud to play for a european team . 
  pretty sure it 's not longer mashed potatoes if you dont have potatoes in it . 
   and songs ( which i think other people write ) . 
  afaik it 's only her last album that had a majority of the songs on it that she did n't write . 
  swedish is the 2nd largest wikipedia language , think about that . 
   either you have na or eu after work for their respective regions ( in which case it 's better for eu so that they can also pull some na viewers ) or otherwise you completely screw over na from watching their own region . 
  or you just spread out the days the games are played , or even better , you could have both regions play their matches on the weekend , when people actually have time to watch . 
  rekkles is streaming with 20k viewers each day , streaming from ~ 11:00 -20:00 , febiven gets similiar numbers when he gets off his ass and streams . 
  also , i 'd say the reason froggen streams at night is because he prefers to be up at those times , not because he 's getting more viewers , for example cabochard streams very late too , eventhough his viewers are pretty much exclusively french . 
  well lol is n't the game with the highest viewership in eu , counterstrike is . 
   actually wages in eu are pretty ok , because compared to us you get healthcare , you dont have to pay for studies and you have much more vacations and less hours of work . 
  i can promise you , every single academic in the us gets their healthcare paid for by their employer and there 's not a single well paid academic in , atleast sweden , that does n't work much more then 40 hours/week . 
  when we talk about academics in sweden we mean people with 5 + years of university education working in their fields , that is completed bachelor and master degree , for example civil engineer in one of many fields , including but not limited to software engineering , a physician with completed training , a accountant , etc. 
   totally agree that teams are international these days and this might not work . 
  if national teams are completely unequipped to compete and we see no upside , we 're able to change the format . 
  you 've already seen this in the lcs . 
  all polish/spanish/whatever teams never works in the long term , and rarely performs well in the short term . 
  you should not be working against european integration , even if it would give you the odd supporters . 
  a transit zone on an airport is still part of the sovereign country it inhibits . 
  i bet you think embassies are part of the country to whom the embassies belongs too aswell . 
  too little hard and soft power to be considered anything other than a great power . 
  besides it only seems like they want to stir shit up in their own backyard . 
  i 've never seen wood sold with inch meassurements , only in mm . 
   blind patriotism is a sure sign of ignorance and stupidity . 
  [ `` denmark , new zealand , finland , and sweden are the four least corrupt countries in the world , according to transparency international 's 2014 corruption perceptions index ( cpi ) . 
  '' ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-least-corrupt-countries-in-the-world-2014-12?r=us&amp;ir=t ), 
  i 'm not going to comment on the patriotism part , but it sure is n't blind . 
  as if you ca n't play netflix on virtually any device ? 
  * liverpools matcher, 
  * f1 gp, 
  you should try to not make your support abandon you !, 
  i 'm thinking of making a series of articles named : `` five ( ! ), 
  quick ways of gaining elo ! '', 
  if you 're a tank : make sure the hooks do n't hit your adc , then the rest is up to him . 
  also do n't get hit by hooks for no reason , i.e. 
  back off when there 's no reason to be pushed up . 
  if you 're not a tank : be in a position that allows you , or your adc , to follow up if either of you gets hit , in an all out fight you should be able to beat them , and when it comes to poke you should always beat them . 
  exception is soraka , just stay the hell out of there , no matter how bad trades you do , you 'll always be coming out ahead . 
  `` expert '' lesson : understandning the dynamics of the botlane . 
  unless you 're playing it wrongly , you 'll either be having the adc or the support playing close to the river , and the other player closer to the bush . 
  what you need to understand is the difference that you have in poke , which generally is the difference in ranges and early game damage , against their botlane duo . 
  if you 're playing zyra you 're generally always going to want to be on the same side as the opposing adc , and if you 're playing caitlyn you 'll generally want her to be on the same side as the other adc . 
  if we apply this to the two other points in my beatiful post we 'll find that :, 
  * if you 're playing a high damage , medium-long range `` mage '' type of support , think zyra/sona/nami , you 'd want to have you on the side of their adc , so that you can poke him and being safe from getting hooked by blitzcrank , all while you 're still in range to win the all-in should blitz hit his hook . 
  * if you 're playing a tank , or high cc support , like braum/alistar/taric , you 'll have no range advantage over their adc , therefor no reason to be on the side of the lane that can harrass you . 
  another reason is that if you 're on the side of the blitz , it 's much easier for you to cancel out his zoning tools . 
  in the case of soraka , as mentioned , just stay back , use silence to cancel all-ins and then heal up the trade . 
  now you 've won lane . 
  ** tl ; dr : if tank : cancel out blitz zone by being in the way of him , if mage/sustain ~ ish support : try to control the damage behind the blitz hook , a.k.a. 
  their adc . 
  if he 's low , he ca n't help blitz on his hooks , or risk dying . 
   when shitcrank starts to speedboost and you 're in the middle of the lane because minions are there and you should n't be grabbed with minions where do you go ? 
  he 's obviously got backup and if you leave the safety of your minions you 'll have a high chance of getting grabbed and if you do n't leave then it 's a 3 v 2 because of the jungler that 's ganking you in co-ordination with shitcrank 's speedboost . 
  if you and/or your champion is unable to escape from this situation , there 's only one thing to do : ward up . 
   south korean telecom, 
  just one little thing , since i assume you mean sk telecom , sk does n't , at the present moment stand for anything . 
  the companys name is sk telecom , not south korean telecom . 
  sk , as in the parent companies name sk group , used to stand for sunkyoung . 
  we hunt , and kill , a quarter of our moose population in sweden , each year . 
  this number was established using available research and changes from year to year . 
  i think you could do the same with the minke whale . 
  yes because humans are n't different then other animals . 
   there is even a booth at dreamhack expo where the swedish armed forces are so if there is a need for it , they can call in military backup . 
  ( probably not , but the guys holding the booth are trained military personnel ) . 
  no they ca n't , that 'd be extremely illegal . 
  i think you did n't understand my point . 
  it was n't that whales and moose reproduce at the same rate , or that we could hunt a quarter of the whale population , just that we can get sustainable whaling quotas if we want to . 
   which region has to ban alcohol at sports games ? 
  pretty sure it 's not europe , i 've only been to one arena where i could n't purchase alcohol . 
  probably more about being able to study the chinese region easier , not to talk to players . 
  diamond had really good synergy with cabochard though and what we 've heard from people working with diamond was that he had too much responsibility within the team , making him unable to perform . 
  why not ? 
  for all we know a new adventure is heading to uni , or working with fnatic gear or whatever .
