  it still is djing . 
  talk about objectifying !, 
  i will delete my reddit account if tsm beats origen and fnatic in s6 wc . 
   yellowstar is very old as far as esport careers go, 
  he 's only old as far as lol goes , forest and get_right are both like 26-27 , and we have even older player than that that are still on top of their game in cs . 
  there is . 
  well i left my friends house yesterday , and i can promise you he got three 24 '' monitors on it . 
  you can always get an ar-15 if you want !, 
  ( not for hunting though ), 
  he was also consistently carrying when teams forgot he knows how to play sion . 
  reignover was fluent in english though . 
  yes , because the middle-east is n't being ravaged by secterian wars . 
   just rekkles does a slightly better job of it, 
  i know rekkles is n't liked on reddit , but come on ? 
   dont generalize people who dont like the players you do into some big circlejerk that doesnt exist . 
  first of all i have n't and second your opinion of a player should n't matter when it comes to valuing their skill . 
  from the rosters we 're hearing now i think it 'd be hard for na/eu to win against skt and im . 
  the epl is , atleast in sweden , broadcasted by one company . 
  same as most other sportsleagues . 
  though , viasat did n't create any of the leagues they broadcast , unlike ogn and champions , so it 's not comparable . 
   the way it is set up lets eu fans watch eu lcs after work ( or school or whatever ), 
  yes because i do n't have things to do after i get home from work . 
  there 's a reason why most sports leagues are played on the weekend . 
  yes and all of those are american leagues . 
  with the exception of uefa cl no major football league plays their games during the weekdays . 
  i 'm clearly talking about european viewers , watching european leagues . 
  no i 'm most definetly not . 
  i ca n't watch on the weekdays because i got work and other things to do , on the weekends i 'm off and are able to whatever i want , including watching football or lcs . 
  are you also arguing that the average lcs viewer would watch sports over lol ? 
  i honestly do n't understand what people are liking about king kunta ? 
  it 's my least favourite track of the album . 
  and how come hood politics does n't rank higher , like ever ? 
  1 : if you were paid 25k gbp , roughly 324k sek , you 'd get about 27000 sek before taxes and 21500 sek after taxes . 
  the employer will pay `` arbetsgivaravgifter '' , but they 're not something that you 'll have to pay for . 
  2 : i have no clue how the cost of living differes , but you should n't expect to get a raise equal to what the difference is . 
  3 : the largest civil engineering ( a civil engineer with the specialization datateknik would be roughly equal to a cs major in your system , i think ) union , sveriges ingenj\u00f6rer , thinks you should demand atleast 31400 sek as entry level salary , i think that this is something you should be able to get in the stockholm area . 
  though i do n't exactly know what education you got , what you 've written does n't say much to me . 
  4 : it 's standard to negotiate salaries , though if the work market is saturated you wo n't get more then what 's been offered . 
   to sum up , i 've been offered # 25k for a potential managerial role in ecommerce in a small company . 
  i feel like i would take that salary if i was in the uk , but in sweden i feel like that would equate to more like # 32k just to get the same standard of living ( after higher tax and higher living costs ) . 
  thoughts ? 
  i think if you want to live in sweden , you 're most definetly going to have to be prepared to somewhat lower your standards compared to london , but there 's probably some expat that could tell you if i 'm wrong about that . 
   1 : are these roughly the figures you used for that calculation ? 
  0 % from 0 kr to 18,800 kr ; 31 % from 18,800 kr to 433,900 kr ; 31 % + 20 % : from 433,900 kr to 615,700 kr ; 31 % + 25 % : above 615,700 kr ;, 
  probably , i just google 'd a website ( http://www.hurmycketskatt.se/ ), 
   i do n't have a master 's degree , but i do have a bachelor 's in maths from oxford university , plus about two years relevant experience , so based on that , i do n't think me asking for 30k sek is too ridiculous ? 
  ( yeah sorry i tried to keep my original post vague in order to get many generic replies rather than few/no specific ones ) . 
  it 's probably not too far off . 
   4 : i think the fact that the ceo likes me / flew me to sweden for a week of ` trial work ' , which went well , and the fact that the job is n't really being advertised , means that he 'd rather go with me than start over again ? 
  i just do n't want to piss him off by asking for more ... !, 
  if you have n't agreed to anything you should definetly try to ask for more . 
   sam harris is the one who said he 'd get rid of religion over rape, 
  wait , when did he say that ? 
  that 's insane . 
  sure , but being offended does n't really mean anything . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't , just that they does n't actually matter . 
  well not to you , but to me . 
  yes but pepi was carrying the team alone . 
  so many of these things was n't exclusive to s1/beta though , we had atmogs build in s2 , tabi dodge in s2 , shaco level 3 ganking you when minions come in s2 , and ezreal had his as slow in s2 . 
  like atleast half the things mentioned here were all present in s2 . 
  so was double wota . 
  sporten ? 
  mina favoriter :, 
  yes and i 'm na and na fans are so annoying . 
   i think it 's hard to create more cohesive and consistent teamplay with a korean jungler on a non-korean team, 
  have we , though ? 
  the only examples of korean junglers i can think of in eu are h0r0 and ro , ro performed great , with great chemistry with his team , and h0r0 was always on teams doomed to fail . 
  unless you 're in a rush , or they are , you can talk swedish , just remember that if you start talking english you 're never going to get a chance to talk swedish to them again . 
   guys who hunt animals, 
  would hunting cars be fine ? 
  no one gets to read them untill the submarine commander opens them when britain is dead ? 
  going inside after being out when it 's below freezing . 
   painful boots, 
  if this is even remotely close to being your biggest concern with skiing you should go to a real skiishop , they 'll help you with fitting your boots . 
  i have crazy wierd feet and have spent over three hours with one of the guys from my store to make the boots comfortable for me . 
  oh , and early mornings + freezing cold is things you can change aswell , falling however is part of the game . 
   personally , i use the asus monitor, 
  huh , did n't know they made only one . 
  telenor has a legacy plan that is unlimited speed/data . 
  i have it too . 
  my time was 17 hours ago !, 
  and he 's said multiple times that if he knew valve would ban them for life he would n't have gone out with the information . 
  highly doubt rekkles wants to shotcall , i think it 's a transition-face untill spirit gets comfortable with his english and noxiak gets some stage experience . 
   if you want to assign roles , do it straight away as you still have an excuse for screwing up . 
  they would still have to win games , this is most likely the safer route . 
  so who is barney and the chinese in this scenario ? 
  floorball is played in all of sweden and bandy is played in all of sweden aswell . 
  it 's even a lot more prevalent , bandy that is , in southern sweden then in northern sweden . 
  it 's only the dough that 's canned , you bake it in the oven . 
  but we are not examples of democratic socialism . 
  the only major party in sweden wanting that have n't ever been part of the government . 
  we 're socialdemocratic though . 
   danced a lot and have never been told to not do it, 
  probably because most places where you 're going to dance already have it , the owners can get jail time for repeated offences . 
   but you can buy booze in a store at 18 right ? 
  or is that just for the rest of europe ? 
  most countries in europe have different laws regaring alcohol , sweden is n't the only odd one . 
  `` and i was dumb enough to not get a permit from the police after the first times . '', 
  well drinking in private is legal at all ages in sweden . 
  no , you will not get in trouble .
