  if you read the whole comment it 's an upset if you do n't account for them losing their midlaner . 
   the gun one is pretty racist , because it 's another way of saying black people in cities should be punished for guns , but white folk in the country should not be . 
  are you mad ? 
  do you honestly believe this ? 
   i believe sanders was okay with nationalizing the banks , breaking them up , and then privatizing them again under different leadership, 
  this is , partially , what sweden did when we experienced our biggest period of hardship during the 90 's and the actions that the political parties did has been praised by economists since that . 
  besides , doing cardio outside is probably better then anything you could do in a gym anyways . 
  and it 's cheaper . 
  wow . 
  they seem to be pretty bad at picking their allies , before the 50 's atleast . 
  first of all , there 's no ethnicities named malian or nigerian , those are nationalities . 
  but most importantly , african is n't an ethnicity just as european is n't one either . 
  that depends , if both of your parents are italian , you 're still ethnically italian . 
  well that really depends , but it 's very rare to find an american , who 's not a first or second generation immigrant , who only got ancestry from one ethnic group . 
  when people refer to italian-americans it 's people , living in the us obviusly , who 's ancestors primarily or partially comes from italy , not that all of their ancestors are of italian descent . 
  in sweden we have two major ethnic groups , besides swedes , who has lived here for centuries , all for different reasons . 
  saami and jews . 
  these people have all lived here for as long as the swedes , or atleast for several centuries , but are not ethnicly swedish . 
  they are , however , swedish nationals and citizens . 
  najin nearly beat them in a very close 3-2 semi, 
  there 's no way that taht 's actually mozzarella ... 
   furthermore , there are lots and lots of countries which do n't have olympic curling teams , but could if you and your buddies ( from that country ) applied to start one . 
  let 's pretend that everything else in your comment were to be true , there 's just way too many countries where courling is big enough of an sport to make it impossible for an average person to win a medal . 
  curling is very big in the nordic countries , and the honorary nordic countries canada and scotland . 
  it 's not possible for anyone to just pick it up and become good enough to represent any of these countries so even if you were to represent gambia you 'd never have a shot at winning a medal . 
  but that 's the flag of the peshmerga , or the iraqi kurds military force . 
  the peshmerga and turkey are close allies , even against the pkk . 
  actually ruined the strip for me ... 
  even your country admits that pkk is a fucking terrorist organization . 
  besides , turkey has been allies with the iraqi kurds for a long time . 
  it 's better to hate them for the right reasons though . . 
   the curds are the largest ethnic group in the world without a country, 
  that 's such a rediculous statement . 
  there 's 120 million punjabis and they do n't got their own country , there 's 100 million biharis and they do n't have their own country . 
  the list goes on and on and on . 
  since we do n't have to prove anything sure . 
  bobsleigh , 4man . 
  but that 's irrelevant is n't it though ? 
  they still placed 3/4 . 
  wow !, 
  this article was just incredible . 
  kelsey sure is a great writer . 
   i mean , irrelevant in what context ? 
  in a discussion of who were the four strongest team at s3 worlds , it would be relevant in my eyes , but if we are discussing where teams placed , no it would n't relevant . 
  this whole thread is about placements in worlds , or that 's what i think atleast , that 's why i think it 's not relevant . 
   also , it 's a pity that there was no third place match , since i 'm almost certain najin b would have beaten fnatic as well . 
  it 's nice that a western team placed 3/4 , but i do n't think they were the 3/4th best team at s3 worlds . 
  i 'd really wanted to watch that match !, 
  especially since eu teams actually have faired fairly well against korean teams , even recently with alliance going 1-1 with najin and fnatic going 1-1 against samsung blue . 
  and alex_ich and most of ex-m5 still got a winning record against koreans , alex being 13-11 . 
   my point is that you need to be far ahead to be able to scale it up before the game is basically over , if you are that far ahead you would also win with another , less risky , build, 
  you do n't actually , you 'd just need to be able to farm the jungle while not losing the game . 
   fnatic has been the most popular team in europe since s2 to s3 , not since recent events which placed them so high in the rankings . 
  not to mention them having one of , if not the , best cs1 .6 teams ever . 
  i 've been a fnatic fan , cheering for them in various games , ever since i first saw fnatic play some iem in 2008 . 
  i said that eu teams got a good record against korean teams , even en recent times . 
  we did n't have a 50 % win record against koreans in s4 , we had higher than that . 
  because positive reinforcement is more effective then negative ? 
  and then they get to watch the even more entitled kids whine about entitled kids :\\ ^ ), 
  and in what way are the persons he 's complaining about entitled ? 
  oh , so you 're a member of the human race ? 
   when the usa gov ' t sends people to jail they are stripped of their rights because they refused to follow a civil law that they broke . 
  this is not true . 
  [ prisoners in the us , and the atleast all members of echr , probably a lot more countries , does still retain their rights . 
  ] ( http://law.justia.com/constitution/us/amendment-14/64-rights-of-prisoners.html ), 
  besides , i 've been not been chat restricted or whatever . 
   remember 2 people have to learn how to lane with it , not one . 
  and 2 people have to learn how to play against it , it balances out . 
  with e max he does . 
  also worth remembering that lots of germans throughout europe `` stopped '' being german after wwii for . . uhm . . reasons . 
   just to add to this , uk and france are the only other blue water navies in the world other than the us , which is essential as without a blue water navy ( one capable of sustaining operations in any ocean , anywhere on earth ) you ca n't project force globally . 
  this is not neccesarily true as any nuclear weapons delivery systems too can give you powerprojection . 
  if russia still had an ally in the americas they 'd be able to use their nuclear force to gurantee their independence , thus projecting their military power . 
  and a great power . 
   taiwan isnt recognized, 
  taiwan , or the republic of china , is recognized as the only china by plenty of countries . 
   the term `` superpower '' exclusively referred to the united states and the soviet union, 
  the brittish empire was arguably a superpower up until the suez crisis though . 
   they can be militarily powerful , economically powerful , or politically powerful . 
  ... but political power comes from the first two . . 
   by definition a superpower has to be able to extend its influence globally . 
  but this is n't even enough sometimes , france and britain are able to do this but they 're ** still ** not superpowers . 
  yes , but the british empire , pre-suez crisis , fulfilled every condition that 's been made to be a superpower . 
   it 's like the teacher who threatens to get the headmaster or suspend someone for any infraction . 
  they lose credibility and respect . 
  who would lose respect for a country that guarantees a country 's sovereignty ? 
  say brazil was ramping up an invasion of paraguay and then china , or whoever , gives paraguay a guarantee of nuclear retaliation against brazil , should the invasion happen , who , or rather what country would think less of china because of that ? 
  if you do it north korea style , i.e. 
  were totaly gon na invade the worlds only superpower , there 's no chance you 're going to lose credibility for trying to maintain peace . 
  i said nothing about `` big players '' . 
  i just said that taiwan has plenty of international recognition . 
  i have a very clear memory of walking into our gardeners hut when i lived with my parents in zimbabwe at the age of 3 , is this impossible ? 
  i 've had several false memories from there , which i 've realized after watching videos/photos , however we do n't have any pictures of the inside of his hut so i 've yet to find any reason to think this one is false . 
  when i think about it , i even remember the taste of the tea he , with loads of milk and sugar , used to give me after `` helping '' him during the day . 
   there 's a reason no one uses nuclear weapons as a threat like that, 
  but the us , and previously the ussr , has several times guaranteed their allies independence , most notably south korea and western europe , by all means necessary , this is no different . 
  if you 're not ready to use your nuclear weapons then there 's no point in having them . 
  '' [ pakistan , russia , the united kingdom , the united states , \\ [ 19 \\ ] and france [ citation needed ] say they will use nuclear weapons against either nuclear or non-nuclear states only in the case of invasion or other attack against their territory or against one of their allies . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_first_use#countries_pledging_to_use_nuclear_weapons_only_defensively ) '', 
  `` the fundamental role of u.s. nuclear weapons , which will continue as long as nuclear weapons exist , is to deter nuclear attack on the united states , our allies , and partners . '',
