  sharks are only found while skydiving on the southern hemisphere . 
  but the roundup ready plants does n't have any competetive advantage compared to other plants , other then not dying to the roundup . 
  it ca n't outcompete other vegetation outside of the fields that are being sprayed by roundup . 
  all of the victims were men too , he might 've thought that it 's cowardly to kill women . 
  the industrial revolution is n't interesting ? 
  i remember my friends comments after they got eliminated in eu s2 regionals . _ . 
  svenskeren has for seasons been a top3 jungler in eu , he and shook are most likely the strongest free agent junglers in the west . 
   and to the people who say there was no proof and he just admit to it to scare people or something , he was well known in the wow scene for ddosing arenas . 
  you mean besides the fact that he admitted to it in a reddit ama ? 
  it was when he just got back to playing soloq , shortly after the famous reddit post about him making alex go adc . 
  from what i know he 's removed it , for obvious reasons . 
  there 's not much more to the joke then that norwegians are stupid . 
  are you from sweden ? 
  if so you surely know about norgesk\u00e4mt , jokes whose premise is that norwegians and/or norway are stupid . 
  this is one of those jokes . 
  yes that 's true !, 
  ah but the great difference is that norwegians actually are stupid !, 
  more like pawn fanboys . 
  so arrogance is faked confidence ? 
  have you heard the phrase fake it till you make it ? 
  it 's the only way to get confidence if you have none . 
  i agree with you . 
  i do n't believe faked confidence is arrogance , i was just pointing out that faking confidence is the `` easiest '' way of getting real confidence . 
  do you agree with me or why do you post the same thing that the comment i agreed with posted ? 
  it 's worth remember that the stats for euw and eune are most likely wrong most , or a very large group , or nordic players play on the euw servers instead of their designated eune server . 
  this is probably true for other eune countries aswell . 
  same most likely goes to russia/turkey aswell . 
  yes because you ca n't have the opinion that one matchup would be more interesting then the other . 
  i think it 'd been more fun to watch the all blacks against argentina then to watch nz vs aus , but that 's not a statement about how close in skill argentina and zn are . 
   if any na fans tried to say anything on this sub they would just get massively down voted and called salty . 
  yes because that 's not happening atm ... 
  i thought he 's supposed to answer why the team lost , interviews would n't be very entertaining if everyone that won always answered that they were better and everyone that lost answered that they were worse . 
  are you trying to tell me that momentum has no effect on gameplay ? 
  why do you think you 're supposed to take a break after losing a lot of soloq games in a row , get fucking real . 
   so basically , fnc only lost cause they somehow worked harder than the korean teams and koo only won cause fnc was burnt out . 
  he 's implying fnc is a better team and koo just got lucky without actually saying it . 
  different people work differently , if you 're used to studying from 8-21 you 'll probably not have much of an issue with playing for that time instead . 
   if that 's not bad enough he goes on to state that they would have had a great chance of beating the only undefeated team in this tournament after getting rofl stomped 3-0 . 
  na might have been a joke this year but at least they had class , eu fanboys are just so sad . 
  this is clearly before he 's had the chance to reflect on what happened , it 's the mindset he went into the bo5 with , nothing wierd at all . 
   are you guys that dense ? 
  oh yes ... 
  agree , romance countries always seem to be better when it comes to hosting tournmanets then germanic ones in europe . 
  it 's the same with the eulcs , when they 're in berlin it 's nothing special but when they went to spain it was great . 
   which interestingly , was after a tie-breaker to gmb , even after the worst underperformance for a korean team at worlds . 
  and gambit was the 3rd best european team at worlds , what are you even trying to say ? 
   `` he by himself rebuilt fnatic , selecting and scouting all new players '', 
  but he chose 2 out of the 4 , and he 's clearly the most important player when it comes to everything outside of the game . 
  what 's happening to this fucking discussion . 
   this constant grey area of benching him for one week or making him compete in tryouts for his role must be super demoralising . 
  welcome to all other sports !, 
  you play bad one game , you 're on the bench for the next . 
  i want faker to hard carry the series to all the `` x  faker '' dies out . 
  if i ever get to see a `` pawn  faker '' i might just explode . 
  please do n't it 'd be better for the rest of us !, 
  that 's what happens the whe whole population plays football and watches f1 . 
  i never believed in a god in the first place . 
  it was never something that was mentioned so i probably did n't realise religion existed until i started school , but i 've never questioned my lack of faith . 
  clg played with trickz iirc, 
  both were part of the official broadcast of a riot sanctioned league , it 's not very different . 
  i assume you know that the federal state still go the death penalty ? 
  first , best scandinavian they can get ahold of . 
  he did n't look this good on nip though , ca n't really fault them for that . 
  do n't think any tsm member will be leaving . 
  denmark catching up to sweden in cs !, 
  trump wants to renegotiate pretty much every deal that the us has made since bush the first got elected , including nafta and the recent iran deal . 
   dandy , undisputed best jungler in the world in s4 . 
  someone is forgetting the man who carried his team to ogn summer victory , a.k.a. 
  i would n't say he 's got * nothing * to gain by lying , nip however got much more to lose if the story is true . 
  yes that 's true , but he still needs to put out articles , articles that gets views . 
  i , however , does n't doubt that rl is capable enough to find true stories so that he does n't have to restort to using made up ones , but you ca n't seriously say that he 's got nothing to gain by lying . 
  he 's on # 63 , four places ahead of tony blair ... 
  you ask them . 
   you have to be in a stable relationship for more than 4 months, 
  applies for heterosexual males aswell . 
   you did n't have sex with another man for more than 12 months . 
  applies for heterosexual males aswell . 
   discrimination persists, 
  do you thin we 'd be able to collect enough blood if we only allowed asexuals to donate ? 
  you can be . 
   so , unless it 's decided on a soccer field , it 's gon na be quite one-sided . 
  still would be . 
  missed the world cup ? 
  two of the fcb forwards are from south america . 
  yes , and if you read what i wrote , atleast two , no wait , make it three , of their most important players are from south america . 
  norwegians are stupid , finns suicidal , the danish people are like other continental europeans , a.k.a. 
  too talkative and sociable and the icelandics are like theire sagas , made up . 
  you 're assuming he 's / they 're willing to spend any sum of money , for all you know fnatics lol budget is larger then sacramento kings lol budget . 
  why would it be likely if kasing resigns ? 
  the beef on shc was between impaler and selfie ( kori ) iirc . 
  a doctors what ? 
  oh , then i completely agree with you !, 
   he is n't a particularly wealthy man, 
  neither is he particularily poor , his salary is still 174k, 
   the only way it could be changed is if it 's voted down by congress and the senate ( or is it just congress that gets to vote on it ? 
  the congress is the legislative body of the united states , compromised of the senate and the house of representatives . 
  anyways , if it 's like any other international treaty it 's only the senate that gets a say on wether to ratify it or not . 
  in s4 they had two koreans on their 2nd place team . 
  look at worlds stats , 12 koreans in semis and eight europeans , clearly 12  8 =  koreans  europeans, 
  it 's a joke because they 're going to have more europeans then natives .
