  you probably would n't want to drive that close to him though ... 
   in fact , their language is a language isolate ( like basque ) . 
  georgian is part of the kartvelian language family and is n't a language isolate though . 
   i guess i should have accurately said that the kartvelian language family is unrelated to any other language family . 
  that 's true for all language families , that 's why they 're separate families . 
  if indo-european languages were related to semitic they 'd be indo-european-semitic languages . 
   it 's still a very unique property for a language family to be isolated like that . 
  again , see above . 
  it 's the same for all language families . 
  and no , i do n't speak any kartvelian languages , i do however love the georgian alphabet . 
   hint : it involves lots of fully and/or somewhat nationalized industry . 
  hint : it does n't . 
  in sweden we have one monopoly and that 's systembolagets monopoly on alcoholic beverages with more then 3.5 % abv . 
  in addition to that we have a few public companies with majority/significant state ownership , the only major ones being vattenfall , lkab , nordea and sas . 
   you 're forgetting the money your government is making from leasing out forestry and mineral rights, 
  the swedish state only owns 25 % of the swedish lands , the rest are privately owned . 
  anything on private land are a matter between the landowner , most commonly a private person , the local municipality and the potential devolper of the lands . 
  no money , other than possibly increased tax revenue , is given to the state . 
  in the case of mining operations the local council , the province , enviromental courts and the swedish state all get a say , should the owner of the lands approve , but none of these players get any `` lease '' money of it . 
  the benefits of having a mine , unless it 's one from the state owned lkab , for the state is only increased ammounts of jobs and tax revenue . 
  do n't go around assuming things because your favourite facebook-page said it . 
  edit : oh and about ap2 , it 's one of the swedish pension funds used for the part of the pension that everyone is eligible for and does n't own more assets then most private pension funds . 
  and they 're not funded by state tax revenue , their funding comes from all workers . 
  where do i say that ? 
  you 're not even reading what i 'm writing , are you ? 
  why is it so hard to understand that the nordic model works , without nationalized industry ? 
   it does n't , and if you do n't believe me , all you have to do is look at greece, 
  but greece does n't follow the nordic model . 
   for an earlier stage of the same problem , finland . 
  finland and greece have vastly different problems with their economies , and since you do n't know that you just made me realize that there 's no point in replying to someone like you . 
  thanks . 
   1 , i noticed more women than men , i looked up demographics online and found nothing useful ( but then again ive had 4 beers ) was i just seeing what i wanted to see or is there a higher female demographic ? 
  unfortunately you probably saw what you wanted to see . 
  however , do n't quote me on this though , i think that due to women being more inclined to study you would find more women then men in larger cities and universitycities compared to the countryside . 
   2 , i noticed swedes are generally a little fatter than some other european countries , was this always the way , because of winter or is it a new problem ? 
  it 's not true , [ atleast according to this bbc article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/health-11935525 ) only switzerland and romania are noticably less obese than swedes . 
   3 , you have lots of wood from your pine forests , what is done with it ? 
  is it cheap to buy ? 
  most of it is made into cardboard , some is made into paper , and a small portion used for construction and heating . 
   4 , i like your swedish fire log/torch , do you use pine or oak for this ? 
  i want to make one when i get back home ( still traveling ) and i want to bbq on it but pine is not good for this , can you offer me some advice ? 
  actually had no idea this existed . 
  interesting . 
   5 , i noticed many homeless people and poor looking immigrants in the city . 
  is this a new problem ? 
  why is the situation like this ? 
  yes it 's a new problem . 
  it 's like this because poor people from poor eu-countries come here hoping to get some money , and very little political will to do something about it . 
  the right does n't want to give them free housing , and the left does n't want to evict them/remove them from the streets . 
  it 's a very polarized issue currently . 
  hilarious that you still got the highest attendance out of all teams in the league too . 
  pretty sure he agrees that huni is the best toplaner in europe and that yellowstar is the best support . 
   thats why he hates on reignover and rekkles so much because he is `` salty '' that fnatic did n't choose any of players from following list but he still thinks that huni , febiven and ys are good because monte thinks they are good too . 
  i do n't see why you think this , and besides he ca n't think that fnatic should 've picked up players that already were signed to teams , froggen/cabo/sven / forg1ven . 
  lets hope he 's also picked up ekko , a pick i think should really suit him !, 
  unless somethings changed he 's the roccat coach , so he 'd had to drop that first . 
  pick one, 
  he used to cast on the swedish viagame stream some time ago . 
   but deft, 
  deals as much damage as imp but does n't have any presence ? 
  but deft dealt as much damage as imp did ... 
   i 'm paid to study law at the best university in sweden, 
   in the middle of stockholm, 
  su is the 5th best in sweden , so unless you take the train to uppsala , and lund is still higher rated , every day that ca n't be true . 
  i think stockholms public transportation system would probably be close to top10 in europe atleast . 
  looked like they were going for the fountain dive anyways . 
  why do they pick twitch and why is n't he autoattacking in the last fight , they lose if he does nothing so might aswell lose while fighting . . 
  and that 's why you fucking do n't all-in on an ekko powerspike ... 
  pawn basically lost game 4 by himself . 
  making your own butter is super easy , and takes no time at all !, 
  [ here was the first video i found on it an i do it the same way . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03be-ifiyau ), 
   it 's a deflecting tactic . 
  the supposed legal issues are just as imaginary as the non-existent health risks . 
  monsanto is not suing farmers for accidental contamination and their patents will expire eventually anyways . 
  thank you !, 
  i was beginning to think i 'd had to write this myself !, 
  and what would that be ? 
  [ the treaty of friendship , cooperation , and mutual security between the russian federation and the republic of armenia , [ 14 ] signed december 29 , 1991 , grants the right to acquire citizenship of both russia and armenia to the citizens of russia and armenia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_russia#dual_citizenship_treaties ), 
  most countries of the former ussr allow for dual citizenship between their modern day countries . 
  do n't spread misinformation . 
  and as i 've already pointed out , russia allows for dual-citizenship between russia and armenia , and most likely still got both . 
   in any case calling him armenian is okay in cis , but would look like calling african americans just africans in usa . 
  no it would not be like that , armenian is an ethnicity , being african is n't . 
  spoiler !, 
  5 % of the population in finland is native swedish speakers . 
  how is denmark better then taiwan ? 
  replacing armenian with irish or what ? 
  your argument is wrong no matter . 
   nope , most countries would not mind if you have russian citizenship when getting their , but not other way around . 
  do n't they test for reading comprehension where you are from ? 
   grants the right to acquire citizenship of both russia and armenia to the citizens of russia and armenia . 
  if you 're a citizen of armenia or russia you 're eligible to acquire a citizenship with the other country . 
  i 'm not saying denmark is bad in lol , like they are in everything else , but i doubt that they match up to the strength of taiwan . 
  do you seriously believe that your danish super team would beat ahq ? 
  but is it likely ? 
  it 's a possibility that i win the eurojackpot this friday but i wo n't be budgeting this month for it . 
  unless you think it 's more likely that a danish super team would be better then ahq or any other taiwanese team you should n't be rating denmark above taiwan .
