  could you point me towards anything that shows outrage from the international community against these countries for their stance on this ? 
  oh and also, 
   you simply cant do that sort of thing , it 's a fucking massive deal to use a nuclear weapon in anger . 
  like a parent telling a kid to eat their vegetables or they 'll shoot them . 
  completely disproportionate threat and using it would cause hell for them . 
  this is bullocks , a countrys sovreignty is threatened , it 's not even close to your metaphor . 
  it 'd be more that you 're threatening to shoot the man holding a gun to your sons head . 
  priests of catholic churches are not allowed to marry , same with eastern orthodox churches however protestant churches generally allow their priests to marry . 
   there 's a difference between making a broad `` we will protect our allies '' statement , and going up to one country and saying `` we will nuke you '' . 
  and i 've only used the first one in my examples . 
  do n't try to put words in my mouth . 
   same if s. korea was being over run , nukes wouldnt be on the table unless n. korea used them first , and even then they might not be used . 
  and then you say this :, 
   from your link , it also says :, 
   the united states will not use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapons states that are party to the npt and in compliance with their nuclear non-proliferation obligations . 
   which rules out nuclear strikes against nearly all of the world . 
  but north korea is n't in compliance with the npt , and they are a nuclear state so clearly , according to yourself , the nuclear option is available . 
  also , please do not forget that i only used a nuclear assurance as an example of another form of power projection then a blue-water navy . 
  actual policies of the nuclear powers are not relevant . 
   well it was basically worlds for them, 
  they do have three other events that are just as big as this one though . 
  like you then ? 
  ( is it possible to block accounts on reddit ? ), 
   you used brazil preparing to invade paraguay , and china threatening brazil with nukes if they do . 
  that 's saying ' i will nuke you in particular if you do x ' which is what i said . 
  granted i could have made it clearer , but the example holds . 
  it 's the same as saying , `` i will protect my allies by all means necessary '' it 's just different wording . 
   and as i also pointed out , they want to use conventional military first . 
  it might be available , but america wouldnt threaten n. korea with nukes unless they were used first by n. korea . 
  it might be an option , that doesnt mean it 's a sensible , reasonable , practical or politically possible option . 
  well obviusly they do n't want to be the first country to use it in the 21st century , but that 's not the point . 
  and it is everything you mentioned if the option is more dead from a long drawn out conflict or north korean/chinese annexation of south korea . 
  i 'll give it to you that north korea is a difficult situation to asses , since we do n't know if the kims have even the slightest concerns for their citizens . 
   using a nuclear weapon as anything other than a means of absolute last resort in self defense would result in severe sanctions, 
  doubt that sanctions are on the minds of countries who 're ready to use nuclear weapons , besides most of the nuclear weapon states are permanent members of the unsc . 
   because if someone calls your bluff , and you ca n't reasonably carry out the threat , you look weak . 
  india did n't go to war with pakistan twice , in '05 and ' 08 , because pakistan does n't have a `` no first use '' policy , there 's not a democracy that would risk their citizens lifes . 
  i agree, 
  in all games but the last , they picked very little engage in all of the games except for the last, 
  yes, 
   kritter = critter, 
  where do you get this from ? 
  when i check on saol it 's more like cattle then critter . 
  you ca n't play him glasscanon ap anyways , the tf  steraks  rylais build is much stronger than any ap build . 
  you only build those two ad items though, 
  if you say so, 
   go figure no one really wants to watch the senate bitch at each other all day . 
  i do , but i 'm not from the us so i ca n't : <, 
  huh , i remember getting something about having to input something from the company i get my cable from ... 
  in sweden we have the equivalent called svt forum where they show riksdags ( our parliament ) debates , lectures and things like that . 
  i 'm 99,99 % sure i 'm the only one who watches it . 
  dreamjob ... 
  but he agreed with the move for rekkles part , he just disagreed on it for alliance . 
  we have at most three months of campaigning in sweden , with only the last month a week in the start of the three month period being very intensive , we also vote on sundays . 
  so it 's not the case in any democratic country , actually it 's not true in most of them . 
  that 's not how it 's done in sweden , i know the local municipality leader and he 's never spent any time outside of the normal window for anything campaign related . 
  you 're not describing the sitiuation in sweden . 
  in part , the rest comes from the membership fees , or donations but the donations are very small compared to everything else . 
  if you 're doing a lot of damage and are participating in your teams kills , does n't that show you 're a good adc player ? 
  even for jin air ? 
  chaser is a really good jungler . 
   spirit is definitely an upgrade for any lck team . 
  doubt he 's an upgrade over chaser . 
  chaser has alone almost made jin air a good team . 
  there 's a long time untill worlds and they 'd have groups to practice on stage with him too . 
  dandy is n't just stuck in elohell , he 's fucking stop perma ganking toplane too !, 
  i think kkoma really wants players that listens to him , last year there was talks of him focusing more on s then k most likely because of that reason . 
  no sources though just what i remember from ogn casts and stuff . 
   w is essentially worthless without allies, 
  correction , it is worthless without allies . 
  you ca n't benefit anything from the passive and you ca n't use the active without a target . 
  and you do n't need to either , in a lot of cases . 
  it 's over a month left , they could atleast try to work up the synergy and if it does n't work , they can just change to bengi . 
  something being essentially worthless and actually being worthless is different m80 8 - ), 
  i do n't think we can say that for sure though , spirit is solocarrying the team we wins but chaser almost solo carried jin air to playoffs , i 'm not saying spirit is weak , but chaser is incredibly overlooked i feel . 
  not that it really matters though , do n't think spirit would want to be on the current iteration of jin air . 
  they are ? 
  source ? 
  helps when you miss your e. . 
  no they 're not , broken implies that a champion is n't working as it should , either by being too strong or too weak . 
  or literarily . 
  and that 's the most common use . 
   but it 's true . 
  is it true because you say so ? 
  oh yeah that 's true , sometimes you 're just wrong :\\ ^ ), 
  meh , i was wrong anyways since you can w your ghost . 
  does using your own money count as an donation though ? 
  i wonder which one of them we 're going to see the corki/graves buffs or trinity buff . 
  how 's it racist ? 
  for an outsider i wager it 's easy to mistake some other swede . 
  did you watch game 2 ? 
  it was an incredible stomp . 
  game 1 and 3 were much closer but only game 3 was competetive , if my memory serves me right . 
  and skt played great , kt got abused more then they played bad . 
   meanwhile no one says shit about ahri , zyra , or lee sin who were the true op 's of that tourneyment , or zed who was practically permabanned . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  and the reason corki/trinity buffs are mentioned is because they seem to come just before the worlds patch each year . 
  but you can already click on the minion that you think are nearing death . 
  and if , for some reason , this was implemented they better make sure it 's only minion healthbars that count since blocking minion healthbars with yours is a `` strategy '' . 
   and probably know it 's de jure and de facto owner .
