  but that 's the same thing in modern day europe . 
  inb4 someone mentions russia or small insignificant areas . 
   i think there are n't any differences at all between plat 3-diamond 3 but you do have players that can be mechanically more inclined . 
  i 'm sorry but this is going to have to stop , just between diamond 5 , aka elohell , and diamond 3 there 's a significant difference in the players ability to control their characters , in a addition to the difference in decisionmaking . 
  and while there 's virtually no difference between diamond 5 and plat 1 there 's certainly one between diamond 5 and plat 3 . 
   -  melee support , sometimes is better to stay a bit back ( out of atack range ) if you know you cant get a good trade or you cant engage . 
  it is , however , extremely important that you do n't give up pressure by backing of too much . 
  the biggest mistake that non-support players still make in diamond is failing to understand that they still need to pressure the enemy botlane , even if you 're behind or in a bad matchup . 
  this means that you have to stay within range of your initiation . 
   1 ) what type of laner is mord ? 
  farm ? 
  kill ? 
  bully ? 
  as with all champions that are viable in the adc role you 're able to do all of these playstyles depending a wide number of factors , but mordekaiser is in his current state way overtuned and therefor works prefectly well in all of these playstyles . 
   2 ) what supports does he like ? 
  mordekaiser is the most op with relic shield support with a lot of hard cc , personally i like leona , trundle , shen and blitzcrank the most . 
  double relic shield with morde w is crazy sustain . 
   3 ) what can i do for him in a teamfight / in lane ? 
  just try to get the squishiest target within range of mordekaiser locked down , with 2-3 items he 's generally able to kill them within his tripple q , w , e and r combo with minor damage coming from his own team . 
  the most important part of a mordekaiser teams teamfightning is getting the kill on the target that mordekaiser ults , in part because the ghost tends to deal a significant ammount of damage and also because mordekaiser himself get 's stats from having a ghost . 
  never leave him , with the right targeting he 's able to turn around the most crazy of deficits you 're going up against . 
  scaling armor seals breaks even with flat armor seals at level 6 . 
  i see no reason to use flat armor seals and every page that i 've ben arsed to change is now running scaling armor seals . 
  scaling mr glyphs break even with flat mr glyphs at level 8 . 
  i virtually never use mr glyphs , and i 'm a midlane main , instead i almost exclusively use scaling cdr glyphs . 
  if you feel the need to go mr over cdr/lvl or ap/lvl you should be going for flat mr since the only reason you 're getting mr from runes should be to survive the early game . 
  the only champion i can think of getting mr against would be cassi , probably not though , and lb . 
   also generally if i 'm not looking to 1v1 a lot in the lane , what should i go for ? 
  i very rarely lose my lane from being 1v1 'd so i strongly recomend that you learn to play without mr glyphs and change them to cdr/lvl on every champion that gets some benefits of cdr and ap/lvl on champions that does n't , e.g. 
  katarina , kennen , ryze and pretty much none else . 
  and do n't forget to change your flat armor to scaling armor seals , if you die before level 6 , it 's going to be because of a mispositioning on your part and not because you 're lacking 1-6 ,5 armor . 
  what is it that you 're not agreeing with ? 
  the only thing i get from your text is that diamond 5 is very toxic , something in my anecdotal experience is n't more true then to say that gold 5 is very toxic . 
   but gold 5 is gold 5 , it does not have as strong of an emphasis as when a player hits diamond 5, 
  it does n't ? 
  in gold 5 you get the victorious skin , the diamond border is merely bragging rights . 
  i think you 're wrong on this one . 
   if you 've played enough games in plat3-4 its really obvious that they are better than diamond 5 players who just play a few games not to get demoted back to plat . 
  i 've been sitting in d5 for quite some time now and the player 's i 've been matched with are significantly better then my low plat friends . 
  i see what you 're trying to say , but i will say that you 're wrong . 
  the reason for this is that it 's easier , and much less important , to itemize for mr then for cdr . 
  since you should be having an aegis aura on your team anyways you 'll be getting as much as flat mr glyphs and even if you do n't a abyssal will be a great addition to your build , just substitute it for the item that you have the least need for , most commonly ludens echo , they give about as much dmg/gold anyways . 
  if you want me to go more indepth on this part i could . 
   very often if i 'm not running any mr literally any kind of poke i take even from a support like karma or zyra will drop my hp pretty hard forcing me to back . 
  how do you deal with that ? 
  i rarely ever see much ap support play at my elo or in my normal games , mostly because you ca n't run ap supports , other then janna , into heavy engage supports that are in the meta right now . 
  and the way to deal with it , if you happen to run into the situation , would be to itemize correctly , and make sure not to lose the game in champion select . 
   i kind of dislike building abyssal because almost 95 % of the time i play vel ` koz mid in ranked . 
  he makes no use at all of abyssal 's aura and so i feel it 's a pointless item for him . 
  i usually get athenes on vel ` koz though . 
  do you think that 's enough mr to handle random skillshots that might hit me like viktor 's laser , xerath poke etc. 
  i know that i should be dodgeing these stuff but sometimes i can not be 100 % accurate . 
  ludens on the other hand is very beneficial for vel ` koz unless i have to swap it for hourglass against an ad mid . 
  vel ` koz is n't in the meta and loses too many matchups , i 've never played him in a serious game . 
  what 's your build on him ? 
  i do n't know a lot about him but i know that 15 % cdr is much more worth it then 30mr . 
   also a separate question here , do you think it 's ever worth running scaling ar seals specifically for certain teams comps that are ad heavy ? 
  even if you 're laning against an ap mage , lets say they have a yasuo top and a shaco jungle . 
  do you setup your runes for team comps or just for the lane match-up ? 
  i use scaling armor seals in all matches that contain atleast one more physical damage source other then the adc . 
  considering thefact that midlane should n't be lost 1v1 you 're going to always have to factor in the jungler , and a lot of the really popular ones right now are hybrids or full ad junglers . 
  i these situations you 're always going to want armor . 
   k\u00e4rnkraft \u00e4r det absolut gr\u00f6naste alternativet, 
  yes he did , he played summer for skt t1 k , http://lol.esportspedia.com/wiki/hot6ix_champions_summer_2014, 
  scroll down and look at rosters . 
  easy mistake to make when you only picked up the game 2 weeks before it :\\ ^ ), 
  i think this might be one of the first time that riots completely reverted a nerf , in patch v1 .0.0.115 his ult range got nerfed to what it has been now from 2500 / 3250 / 4000 and now it 's getting buffed to that again . 
  he 's really weak in lane , however when you reach like two items you 're strong as fuck . 
   i would say though the hype around tsm at the time seemed so much more unfounded and just based on thin air , fnatic had a decent showing at their last international event and have definitely improved with rekkles . 
  tsm won iem , fnatic came fourth at msi . 
  while i believe in mah bois i do n't think they have much of a chance of advancing past ro4 , if they even reach that . 
  yes , that is true . 
  one would hope so ... 
  if we discount the win , yes ;-), 
   romantic languages, 
  just so you do n't make the same mistake again , it 's romance languages . 
  romance means something like `` what they spoke in rome '' i.e. 
  latin derived languages . 
  zion calls in clg too , bjergsen does a lot in tsm . 
  i think rush and gate does in tip , dom and xpecial shares the burden in tl . 
  in eu we have pretty much only support shotcallers , atleast in the good teams . 
  yellowstar in fnc , kassing in h2k , mithy with some objective calls from amazing in origen , hyliasang does most , from what i know , in uol . 
  no idea who calls for elements , giants and gambit , and in cw and sk i think they 're doing the headless chicken style . 
  traditionally they 've used real teams , most prominently real madrid . 
  dignitas is uk based and they still own a na team . 
  it 's only the players that are region locked . 
  never ever see a ekko or gp ban in d4 , however i see tons of shyvana , elise and eve bans besides the ones with close to 100 % ban rate , darius/garen/skarner / mordekaiser/fiora . 
  you do n't get that much cs when you 're supporting a relic morde . 
  the adc one has much more farm and does n't build support items ? 
  the game contains a adc that spends time botlane ? 
  \\  implying it 's easier to carry as adc then jungle, 
  there 's no way a non-trolling carry gets anything close to as little cs as the support . 
  if you say so . 
  no need to be sad , season 2 will premiere in 2016 !, 
  shh ... 
   i am shocked that they continue to view f1 as a good advertising platform , for all the stick they get . 
  you have to remember that it 's only the hardcore fans that care about everything you wrote in your comment . 
  the rest of the viewers only watch for the spectacle . 
  aside from their calendar this is a great pr investment . 
   and they stopped making them .
