but white-supremacists are a part of the white group just as islamists are a part of the muslim group . 
  therefor it 's reasonable and fair to compare the group of whites vs. muslims . 
  did we touch the ball ? 
  maybe but it 's not true . . 
  it 's not like skt has to try hard against their competition either ... 
   from an na perspective , it 's fair to say `` the chicago blackhawks are the best hockey team in the world '' because they are . 
  the nhl is head and shoulders above any other hockey league in the world . 
  you ca n't say that the nhl is heads and shoulders above every other league in the world when a khl team and nhl team have never even played against each other . 
   the only sport with multiple , equivalently strong leagues is soccer ( football ) . 
  yeah and a whole bunch of other sports that are popular in europe . 
   hell even the cassiopeia top tilt thing which started as a joke people are using now because they literally, 
  pretty sure it 's still a joke, 
  but i 'm 19 and i 'm like this, 
  yes , but let 's not forget that he said that with azingy on the roster . 
  or handball ... 
  and everything else , mate, 
  no he 's not . 
  sure but if you were to compare him to swedish politicians he 'd be much closer to the socialdemocrats , left , than to the moderate party , right . 
  do n't forget godfreds engages . 
  indeed they would be . 
  because most people view the union of sweden-norway as sweden ruling over norway . 
  and norway has been independent since that . 
   ( some people are gon na argue about febiven ), 
  the only one you could argue about is rekkles , not febiven . 
  why is sami shown in northern sweden ? 
  i 'm almost 100 % sure that there 's not a single municipality in sweden where they 're the plurality , and i know for certain that it 's not a plurality , or majority , in kiruna kommun . 
  and it 's not even the germanic states , it 's the german states . 
  but then you 'd have to be more consistent , either by showing more minority groups or extending the sami area . 
  eitherway it 's dumb . 
  most proud : the deluge, 
  least proud : being under the rule of danskj\u00e4vlarna . 
  visa issues . 
   sure his teleport plays were the best in the world, 
  first of all acorn was the teleport god and second of all teleports are a team effort . 
  no he 's biased , but he 's not more biased than most casters . 
   while eating shit food will give you an issue like heart disease, 
  having a shitty diet for a long time , regardless of exercise levels , will still lead to cardiovascular disease, 
  i think it 's a nes or snes game where you 're playing a striker in the gulf war . 
  yes but sweden pretty much only imports oil from norway , russia and denmark for domestic consupmtion and imports from venezuela for refinements and exports of those products . 
  but , assuming you have a responsible forrestry policy , burning wood products are carbonneutral . 
  but yes it 's not recycling . 
  his name literarily means `` jews are bastards '', 
  well the biggest thing is that guantanamo is still open . 
  rekkles the spaniard . 
  all asian teams ? 
  but thats mexican !, 
  inb4 he does n't tell us for 18 years, 
  they picked a pokecomp though , and corki is by far ^ dank ^ meme ^ certified \u2122 the best pick for that . 
  but that could also be attributed to people reporting him just out of spite . 
  none active , 2 on order/building . 
   fnatic dominating eu lcs s3 and s4, 
  but fnatic was n't dominating eulcs that hard though , except for maybe playoffs . 
  everyone seem to forget that in s4 spring they had a 0-7 losing streak . 
  sami are only natives in the most northern parts of sweden , the rest of sweden has germanic ( or something ) tribes as natives , most of them arriving before the sami did to northern sweden . 
  [ pretty sure this is their instagram . 
  ] ( https://instagram.com/bordningsstyrkan/ ), 
  true , but sweden is n't a people . 
  you think letting the nazis using our railways is the worst part of our history ? 
  then you do n't know much about swedish history . 
  [ the deluge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_%28history%29 ) , [ compulsory sterilisation as part of our eugenics program ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilisation_in_sweden ) , [ the swedish slavetrade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_slave_trade ) or [ the worst of them all , creating the russians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rus%27_people ), 
  all of these are most certainly worse . 
  [ battle of svensksund ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_svensksund ) , never forget . 
  svenskeren , rush , move ? 
   without them , what would stop nk from overrunning south korea ? 
  well , south korea . 
   compared to north korea , south korea does n't have a strong army, 
  good bants , m8 . 
  but that gives half the ammount of cdr . 
  once ? 
  he lost the msi too . 
  cash on delivery or the fish ? 
  pretty sure msi was in s5 . 
   sorry i can not count msi as `` this season '', 
  i think it has happened years when the difference has been very small between the 1st and 2nd racer , but otherwise no . 
  no he was n't , he 's never been considered good in the lcs , the exception maybe being s3 spring . 
  oh please . 
  what do you mean mostly ? 
  the number of teams from europe wasnt higher than any other region . 
  if you mean by teamstrength then that argument could be made in s3/s4 . 
  krepo was most certainly not a godlike support in s2 . 
   pkk is different from the peshmerga, 
  the peshmerga even fought on the turkish side in the turkish-kurdish conflicts . 
   if the german caster crew has to cast it from the studio then i have to ask myself if any other crew then the lcs casters are in the stadium, 
  well the korean and chinese stream will most likely have onsite studio , but the broadcast to hundreds of thousand if not millions of viewers . 
  but we are . 
  since when is n't yankee a slur ? 
   not to mention a lot of people do n't find installing these third party com programs worth the hassle . 
  are these the same people that want to voip in lol then ? 
  i mean my parents does n't give two shits about computers but they have skype to talk to distant relatives and such . . 
  so he 'd be the first non ( confirmed ) - christian president then ? 
  seems to be less wide-spread than in the us itself . . 
  quite a few more states with german population ;'), 
  i 'm pretty sure it choses at the start of the game, 
  when my friends and me had a lan once several years ago we played this song for 20 straight hours . 
  i love this song . 
  everyone that says they dislike a taylor swift song is lying . 
  i strongly disagree on that one . 
   liquid is technically originated from eu but all their teams are na . 
  but their sc players was n't , and liquid is afterall originally a sc team .
