  kalista trist jinx and maybe ashe would have been much better . 
  this is what i do n't get , he 's been doing the most damage on the team as fucking sivir . 
  plus if you 're going to pick or play against darius you need to have a hypercarry on your team , really surprised to see only c9 focusing on getting tristana who 's perfect in this meta . 
   however , yasuo and orianna were both countered by c9 's top and mid picks, 
  orianna does n't have any lane counters , just matchups where she does n't have kill pressure , like the azir and lulu matchups . 
  we have a similiar in sweden ; we 're called the `` curling generationen '' , the curling generation , because we 're all cruising through life , never running into any difficulties and having the previous generation sweep away every single problem before we run into them . 
   clg eu barely qualified if you remember, 
  someone 's re-writing history . 
  clg.eu got upset by sk because they could n't deal with ocelotes abyssal orianna and most importantly kev1ns tp gp . 
  they then smashed fnatic in the third place match . 
  not saying it 's good , but they were n't even close to not going to worlds . 
  and that 's what you said . 
  so what ? 
  they were only one series away from missing it in the quarters too . 
  remember that it 's supposedly about how well they performed in the first round , not a ranking of how good the players are . 
  ... unless he does n't like pizza rolls . 
  i still get surprisingly pissed at losing in games , eventhough i 'm a proffessional when it comes to that . 
  yes and the riot salary is n't included either , which alone would double it . 
  well there are no human races , jews are an ethnicity however . 
  and tl was formed in the nl , it 's not like there 's people shouting `` hup holland hup ! '', 
  no he was n't . 
  he might 've been better azir and cass player but that most certainly does n't make him a better player . 
   no he was n't . 
   he was . 
  but we agree he was n't ? 
  fuck it i give up , read my other comment . 
  is there any where outsiders can watch the debate ? 
  while i 'm technically inside , i come from sweden . 
  i meant the first one , 
  okay , thank you !, 
  thank you , and the internet !, 
  thanks !, 
  i think bernie did very poorly early on , but as time went by he became much better . 
  also a shoutout to o'malley , he impressed me quite a bit . 
  best performances :, 
  1 : o'malley, 
  2 : sanders, 
  3 : clinton, 
  and the other two should just drop out already . 
  good someone agrees !, 
  i just do n't understand why clinton wo n't answer questions !, 
  i 've not read up on her at all , and i do n't know anything more about what she wants from this debate . 
  o'malley on the other hand , man that 's someone who could convince me to vote for him . 
  totally agree with you . 
  us citizenship rarely takes two years to get . 
  gambit is literarily owned by putins friends and are a way of promoting the motherland , why do you think some bay area pretty boy would have deeper pockets then that ? 
   he 'd need us citizenship . 
   takes 2 years, 
  he 's clearly not saying what you said , and both of the things he said are untrue . 
  like you then ? 
  go back and look , he 's telling the truth . 
  something about s4 noobs not knowing shit . 
  marx was n't more part of russian history then he was part of american , british , french , swedish , brazillian , indian , chinese , etc. , history . 
  he did n't even live when the ussr , or the russian sfs , existed . 
  communism , and marx only still represented marxism , is as important in the whole worlds history as it is in russian history . 
   because millenials are lazy . 
  and if it 's one thing us millenials hate , it 's being called lazy . 
  we 're just very practical . 
  1,04 men ja, 
  the 2 games origen and fnatic played during the split was extremely close though , it was only against roccat that origen truly struggled . 
  you have literarily nothing to base that of . 
   does n't change the fact, 
  not much of a fact though . 
  you 're absolutely not supposed to salt your salad . 
  sourse : i am gordon ramsey , you know , the chef . 
  too bad he did n't roam . 
  westdoor was the biggest reason for ahq not getting further . 
  depends on where you 're from . 
  i 'd bet it 's more then acceptable in large parts of south america , africa and asia . 
   the us is big and the tendency for europeans to say `` hey , europe is big too ! '', 
  just drives home how cringeworthy it is . [ ... ], 
  our single country is big , and we 're usually excluding our largest state out of convenience . 
  some top notch ignorance you 've got going there bud , europe is larger then the us . 
  you should consider watching a game then . 
  but there were n't 40 players at this event , brochacho . 
  ignorance at it 's finest !, 
  if you took 20 seconds to search for `` europe '' and `` usa '' on wikipedia you might actually learn some geography instead of spewing bullshit . 
  i promise you , there 's not a single fucking human that have gone through high school that believes you can drive between nyc and la in two hours . 
  i do n't even understand how you came up with your shit . 
   no company actually has a monopoly . 
  i do n't know about that pal , no company in the us maybe . 
  he blind picked it blue side against edg though , played it into koro darius . 
   nordic union, 
  u wot ? 
  i 'm just going to start with this : you will not find good accomodations if you 're looking to live in stockholm , gothenburg , lund or uppsala unless you find an employer who will provide that for you , which i doubt . 
  [ you should start by reading these pages ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/working-in-sweden.html ) from migrationsverket , here you 'll find basically everything you need to know . 
  tl ; dr : you need to have an employment ready . 
  now that i 'd guess that does n't stop you so start by searching for companies within your field that you could get an internship with , i do n't exactly know what you do in your major but if it 's chemistry or physics related it should n't be too hard . 
  arbetsf\u00f6rmedlingen seems to only help you find a job/internship if you 're a native or a have a residency permit so you 're probably unable to get any help from them , but you could always try : [ their website ] ( http://www.arbetsformedlingen.se/ ) , [ platsbanken , here you can find available jobs ] ( http://www.arbetsformedlingen.se/for-arbetssokande/lediga-jobb.html ) . 
  - [ available jobs at kth ] ( http://www.kth.se/om/work-at-kth/lediga-jobb ), 
  - [ available jobs at chalmers ] ( http://www.chalmers.se/sv/om-chalmers/ledigatjanster/sidor/default.aspx ), 
  now , i doubt you 'll be able to find jobs outside your field since most of these are within the service industry and they care very much about your ability to speak swedish . 
  good luck hunting !, 
  i honestly doubt it , but it might be true . 
  cite me one case of unfair use of patents by monsanto . 
   well , gmo can cause problems if they escape into the environment . 
  say a round up resistant grain that acts like an unkillable soil depleting weed or who 's pollen is viable and destroys a healthy native ecosystem . 
  do you know how monsantos round-up ready seeds work ? 
  roundup is a herbicide , roundup ready seeds are modified to survive this herbicide , if these seeds where to get out into the surrounding enviroment it would not affect any other plants , and it would n't make any other plants die . 
  where are you skydiving though ?
