  correction , they stopped selling them to the us . 
  i 'm sure they 're able to sell chemicals that was n't intended to be used for executions to someone else . 
  i think they play with below 60 ping , compared to the 8 ping they 'd have in korea . 
  so i 'd be happy with their ping . 
  is n't it nice that ashe and leona are making a resurgence then ? 
  or ... c9 rush ... 
  he ca n't play in worlds anyways since rosters are supposedly locked . 
  anyways , i do n't think rush wants to waste his time , when he 's probably one of the best junglers in the world , in a mediocre na team . 
  on c9 he 'd atleast have a chance to dominate a region and going to worlds . 
  the other alternative would be to go back to korea , or to china . 
  it 's kind of what huk used to do , he 'd translate entire interviews with his virtually non-existent korean and his `` i 'm korean and barely knows a word of english '' combination . 
  there is no way c9 would play the same way with rush on the team as they do with hai on the team . 
  that could either be for good or for worse though . 
  that may be true , or he just could n't rely on his team or something . 
  thing about rush though is that he 's previously played `` fill '' and had insane winrates in all roles , i know last time he was back in korea he had something like a 95 % winrate on kog ` maw over more then 20 games . 
  i think fireloli is much more flexible , so while baeme might be a better mid he 's not a better jungler/support/whatever then fireloli . 
  first thing i checked for , really happy aswell . 
  though i guess some more municipalities could be covered with both swedish and sami , atleat in lappland and j\u00e4mtland . 
  oh and the fact that the swedish/finish language border is nicely done too !, 
   the giant cheese wheels you have with the special cheese knife, 
  are you talking about hush\u00e5llsost och en j\u00e4vla osthyvel ? 
  but there 's nothing to be offended about , in sweden we joke all the time about having no food culture . 
  do n't know if they updated after you wrote your comment , but it says you could chose between32k/year with housing + food or 55k/year without those . 
  neither of the matchups are matchups either of the mages can win , it 's not a big difference . 
  depends on if we get 2014 summer kakao or 2014 gauntlet kakao . 
   sweden is a tad less naive about russian intentions than it was back in ww2, 
  strongly doubt it was sweden being naive about soviet/nazi threat and more that we felt our independence would be much more threatened being involved with the baltics and poland . 
   brazil does n't go to war, 
  unless it 's to kill [ 90 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paraguayan_war#casualties ) of your neighbour 's male population . 
  well it was a joke . . 
  that 's not a suit though . 
  a suit has all it 's parts made of the same garment . 
  also , them wearing no jacket and only a vest looks rediculous . 
  the real one is just as good though . 
  in sweden :, 
  any male name ending in y , example : conny , ronny , jonny , etc. 
  does n't matter who you support , i support fnatic but i wo n't vote on them beating skt t1 . 
  i do n't get why you 're still replying to their comments , just leave them to their delusional ideas . 
  like i personally believe in my boys to win every game they play , but i 'd never put money on it . 
  because there were no muslims in the us . 
  quite the difference between s3 skt and s4 skt , would n't you agree on that ? 
  you 've clearly not watched any cj game in the last two years with coco in them . 
   arguably dade , febiven , bjergsen , westdoor, 
  in what world could you argue that febiven and bjergsen is better then coco ? 
  coco is for sure the 2nd best mid in korea , behind faker , every one , including r/lol 's love monte , thinks so . 
  you 're just wrong , basically all casters/analysts bet on a m5 vs clg.eu finals . 
  but it does since you 'd get player with only one ranking higher up . 
  oh that 's so gold , should be its own twitch emote !, 
  i think montes list was good besides bengi , bang . 
  my biggest issue however was regarding to the placement of the fnatic players , yellowstar is by far the most important player on that team and i 'm having a hard time justifying huni and febivens presence on the list . 
  how does your `` score '' make more sense then averageing out the ranks given by monte and thorin ? 
  the better way of doing it would just be to give the # 1 20 points , # 2 19 points and so on , which would actually give a score that 's moderately relevant . 
  it would n't since it 'd give players with two places on the list a advantage over players with just one while at the same time actually ranking them instead of giving them a '' -- '', 
  they left out pawn because he was n't important enough for edg , but bang is list-worthy ? 
  that 's what i do n't agree with . 
  same for febiven , he 's as important for fnatic as pawn is for edg but pawn got more results to show for . 
  oh and i did n't mean that yellowstar should n't make the list , just that in no universe should huni or any other fnatic member be above him . 
   we can see that the majority ( 49 % ), 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not a majority , just a plurality . 
  why would he play for a na team instead of a kr though ? 
  rekkles is for sure the best adc from sweden , and since adc is the role closest to cs and sweden is by far the best cs nation in history it 's obvius that he 's the best player in the world . 
  it 's like 1 +1 = 2 . 
  also worth to note that diamond is the one that showed the world how to play lee sin , he was played before him but diamond revolutionized him . 
  insec and most koreans picked up lee sin because of diamond , the `` only '' thing insec revolutionized about lee sin is the `` insec '' , granted that 's a big one aswell . 
  anyways diamond is for sure og lee . 
  it 's pounds though ... 
  yes because columbus was american and not italian . 
  you 're assuming korean chaebols have less money then some chinese billionare son ? 
  has smeb and ssumday been on the list ? 
  both of them are probably better then acorn . 
  sure but if smeb is n't on the list it 'd just be insane . 
  agreed , unless he 's learned to take the backseat he 's also the biggest risk in the fnatic lineup , if he ca n't do that they ca n't effectively draft around all three of their carries . 
  yeah they were up 2-0 and then in the 5th game froggen decides to pick diana , which he had never player , instead of anivia and wickd , who was beyond a monster on irelia , as well as on kennen and rumble , picks malphite . . 
  yes that 's true , but if my memory does n't fail me anivia was banned in all the games and he was known for faker levels of carrying on anivia . 
  i 'm unsure of how elephant riders with spears and swordsmen would do much against a m249 . 
  those who die on the sea go to ran , and the virgins gets to go with gefjon . 
  smeb and acorn , this writer has to be on acid or something . 
  pretty sure it can be understated . 
  they did n't riot when they put piccaboo below aphro though . 
  both of them wants to increase that nasa budget !, 
  my family has continually owned volvoes since my maternal grandfather bought one as his first car in the 60 's , none of us has ever had any major problems with the cars , brand new or used , and we 're a family that drives a lot . 
  my dad bought a mitsubishi and that shit had to go to the workshop more then all of his volvoes combined . 
  he drives more then 50000km per year through his work and it 's only been when he owned volvoes that he 's been able to reliably do this . 
  we did n't really know koro1 wouldnt be the starter though . 
  or he just thought he deserved a raise . 
   and i do n't think zionspartan got the most out of the tabi rush when he likely could have benefited more from combat stats since he was n't abusing lane on his own as hard nor making tp plays . 
  tabi was for sure the best buy when he had 1k gold , there 's nothing better for him to buy there . 
  and this has always been the problem with kakao , in champions summer last year he carried his team so hard to the trophy but weeks later he was barely carrying his own weight in the regionals . 
  most likely not , the only thing phage gives that would be usable is the flat health , but against gnar the armor and reduced auto damage would be much more useful . 
  boots also allow him to follow up on ganks better . 
  fizz ulted him , he did n't cancel . 
  kakao is the best jungler at worlds , unless you think clearlove is the best , he should be able to do much more then what he did . 
  wtf stop spoiling the tournament !, 
  the only thing i 'm fearing is that yellowstar is really poorly , when he 's been a rock the past two years . . 
  it was n't infinite , at most it was undefined . 
  bro did you see sweden ? 
  0 deaths !, 
  and the fact that incarnation is looking like that kid who made alex go adc when he was up against him . 
   they also need to put rekkles on a hyper carry . 
  he has been playin well so far but cant do much on sivir .
