  those numbers are not correct . 
  those numbers refer only to * earned income tax * . 
  they exclude all the other taxes , like municipal taxes and vat ( which itself is twice as large source of income for the government as the earned income tax ) . 
  secondly , if you look at how the effective tax rate worked around 2009 , [ here 's a graph ] ( http://blogi.kansanelakelaitos.fi/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/verokuvio_blogi.jpg ) . 
  after 50k/year , the effective tax rate for higher income does not follow progression as much as for those earning less . 
  so in practice the progressive taxation on income only affects those with less income , and the greater your total income , the less your effective tax rate is progressive . 
  so there are a lot of rich people who have the same or smaller effective tax percentage as people earning like 30k a year . 
  thirdly many of those low income tax payers are students . 
  their primary task is studying to get a profession . 
  their time to pay bigger taxes comes after they have gotten a degree and a job . 
  so the amount of `` poorest '' is inflated by students studying . 
  well the idea of the progressive taxation finland already has is that the rich should pay a bigger share . 
  that principle has been included in our system . 
  but these pay cuts target mainly those with smaller income . 
  so the situation now is more like `` let the poor people pay '' . 
  the suggestion to work more is rather shitty , as there is n't even really evidence that working more would increase efficiency of the economy . 
  quite the opposite , in the eu countries which have a bigger economy , people work less hours and in the poorer countries people work more hours . 
  the idea that more hours = more value is based on the false premise humans are simply machines which operate on full level for all the work time . 
  also , our economy is not `` at a horrible state '' . 
  the economy of greece is in a horrible state . 
  finland has for example less debt per capita than germany , and has a very high credit ranking . 
  the economy is stagnating , sure , but `` horrible '' is not the word to describe it . 
  the rhetoric the government has done is to present the economy as horrible , as like we are on the path to greece and that there are no other alternatives . 
  that 's just not true , but many people end up believing it . 
  except the unions of the police and the military officials have also voiced their opposition to the government policies . 
  it might be that they too join the strike . 
  edit : the police union confirmed they will join the strike and have smaller man force during the strike to secure basic safety . 
  * starts planning elaborate jewellery heist . 
  the public sector costs compared to gdp is n't as good indicator as it might be . 
  firstly , it is not meant for comparison between countries , as different countries have different ways of defining the public sector . 
  for example finland includes almost all of the earned pensions from the private sector ( a huge amount ) into the public sector size , and not all other countries do this . 
  secondly as the public sector size is generally described as a percentage of gdp , this number can increase also even though the actual costs would not increase . 
  it simply takes the gdp to go down to increase percentage of the public sector in relation to the gdp . 
  kind of like you have one apple and one orange in your basket , each consisting 50 % of the basket content . 
  but if you remove the apple , the orange content of the basket has increased to 100 % , even though there 's still only one orange in the basket . 
  so for example in 2012 and 2013 the gdp of finland decreased , even if the actual costs of the public sector remained the same , it 's % compared to gdp increases , seemingly giving the impression of `` growing '' . 
  so the premise of the current public sector % compared to gdp being too large is for a large part based on the assumption that our gdp will not be growing anymore . 
  because if it would grow , the public sector % compared to gdp would decrease without the public sector itself growing . 
  thirdly , during times of recession many people lose their jobs and unemployment increases . 
  this means that during recessions when the gdp goes down or remains flat , there are more people who require welfare from the public sector . 
  when the recession ends , the need for welfare decreases and the public sector costs decrease . 
  what the pay cut is actually doing is that it is eating the purchasing power of hundreds of thousands of people , especially in low paid jobs and people with irregular hours . 
  when the purchasing power of the people goes down , people buy less and the domestic market economy starts coughing . 
  in addition , the demand that first sick leave day is unpaid is just stupid as this causes people to go to work sick and spread infectious diseases , causing more people to get sick . 
  likewise the suggestion that people work more has nowhere really been demonstrated to increase efficiency of the economy , rather there are more opposing indications how * reducing * work time increases efficiency . 
  personally i 'm all in for keynesian economics for government to take more loan ( we can afford it , really , we have less debt per capita than germany ) to stimulate economic growth with public investments like necessary infrastructure upgrades and renovating/building new schools to replace the moldy old ones ( both of these have to be done anyway ) to kick start the economy . 
  there 's an easy way to tell the difference between a finnish introvert and a finnish extrovert . 
  when you are talking with the introvert , he 's looking at his own shoes . 
  when you are talking with the extrovert , he 's looking at your shoes . 
  ----- a finnish , american , german and french guy faced an elephant . 
  the french guy looked at the elephant and pondered `` i wonder how it makes love ? '', 
  the american guy looked at the elephant and pondered `` i wonder how i could make money with it ? '', 
  the german guy looked at the elephant and pondered `` i wonder how i could make it more efficient ? '', 
  the finnish guy looked at the elephant and pondered `` i wonder what opinion it has about me ? '', 
  i do agree that there are certain problems in theory with the finnish model , and the reason it works fairly well in finland is only due to the circumstances and customary ways of handling things . 
  the constitutional committee invites several different academic experts on constitutional law , state law and such , and it is fairly customary that the constitutional committee makes it 's decision mainly based on what the experts say . 
  if the experts have conflicting views , then it 's up to the members of the committee to decide what view of the experts is the one to follow . 
  now , if some proposed legislation would be clearly against the constitution , in the current finnish circumstances the experts would voice against the legislation . 
  then the constitutional committee sends the law back to be government to be reworked so that it does not have these conflicts with the constitution . 
  in theory the committee could disregard the experts , but this would cause severe public outcry which then would be a significant `` weapon '' for the opposition in the parliament to attack the government . 
  also most likely the media would greatly attack the government , as the constitution is what gives the media freedom to work , so the media has a self interest for guarding the constitution from these kinds of actions . 
  also , if the constitutional committee voices that some proposed law is against the constitution , but the government still tries to pass it , it would again cause significant outcry from the media and attack from the opposition . 
  so in practice the government can not make laws which are clearly against the constitution , but this is dependent just from the informal agreements , practices and attitudes present in the public sphere . 
  in some other countries , for example oil-rich ex-soviet state maghyzistan , a system like this probably would not work . 
  well , the theoretical problem is that the constitutional committee is a body within the parliament , and if they decide some law is in harmony with the constitution , the courts will follow the decision of the constitutional committee . 
  only if the constitutional committee has not voiced an opinion on the conflict of laws , the courts will give primary to the constitution . 
  in practice however if some drafted law is blatantly against the constitution , the law experts heard by the constitutional committee will make this clear and the constitutional committee follows the recommendations of the experts on constitutional law . 
  so in practice some blatant law against the constitution can not be passed without a change in the constitution . 
  when some law is in conflict with the constitution , customarily the courts follow the original interpretation of the constitutional committee in the parliament . 
  if the constitutional committee has no stance on the issue , the constitution is followed instead of the lower law . 
  are mr. ojanen and mr. lavapuro what ? 
  well , one of the arguments for the current system in finland is that the decisions made on the way how to interpret the constitution is under more democratic control . 
  members of constitutional/supreme courts are generally selected for life , which means for example that once selected , they are beyond democratic control . 
  and that the very election of them by the government is motivated by politics and once they are selected for life , the political stance of judges will influence the legislation for perhaps even decades . 
  second argument is that the question of what consists of fundamental rights is closer to the field of politics , not in the field of judicial theory . 
  constitutions are often written in a very vague way with a lot of room for actual interpretation , so the interpretation of the constitution should be a question of public discussion and democratic bodies , not judicial bodies . 
  as an example the constitution of finland states that `` everyone is equal in the eyes of the law . 
  no one should be treated with inequality * without an acceptable reason * '' . 
  should the question of `` acceptable reason '' be left to judges or should it be a subject of public discussion ? 
  this very part of the constitution was a huge part of the public and political discussion concerning same sex marriage . 
  it was argued the current legislation is against the constitution , as the sex of the partners is not an acceptable reason to treat them differently , so the law should not restrict marriages to couples of the opposing sex . 
  a continuation of these is that as the selection of judges in practice is a political decision , the constitution is rather vaguely written and the constitutional courts have the power to overrule some law as unconstitutional , the powers constitutional courts have are in practice also political powers . 
  the judges can interpret the vague constitution according to their political world view and thus utilize their judicial power to certain political goals . 
  so , i 've heard good an bad arguments for both , but generally it does not seem that clear which one is better . 
  also regarding to the three different branches of the government , this does not happen in finland in regard to legislative & executive body . 
  the executive body nominally is the state council , but as the state council is elected by the parliament where the government parties hold the majority , the state council is seen as an extension of the governmen parties in the parliament , and most of the members of the state council are also members of parliament in the government parties . 
  as said , it depends on where you stand and what the issue in question is . 
  when it comes to immigration , yea , many media does tend to have a liberal stance . 
  for those who have immigration as a central question in politics , this paints the image of media as having a general liberal stance . 
  if someone from the left end holds the keynesian-austerity debate as a core of their political views , many of these people were frustrated some time ago as they thought the media has a neoliberal austerity stance . 
  ( though this seems to have somewhat changed after the elections , as the media now gets to feast on the blood of the government ) . 
  if someone supports an extensive welfare state , some media report of someone leeching on the system is then deemed as a media agenda against the welfare state . 
  those who are strongly against racism and radical right wing have for some time cried how media refers to them as `` national minded activists '' instead of neo-nazis , and sees the media having a more conservative slant . 
  to my understanding the book about finnish right wing radicals was complaining how media treats the finnish radical right wing with soft gloves . 
  those who oppose gay marriage see the mere mention that someone is gay and gays exist as `` homosaatio '' by the media . 
  generally media does have a liberal stance . 
  on the economic left-right - spectrum they are much more heterogeneous . 
  and as media tends to follow certain principles from say , julkisen sanan neuvosto , the self-regulating organization of media , they often bland several news into having a more neutral tone , causing those who have a more strong opinion see those neutral tones as an agenda . 
   i 'm not saying yle should discriminate journalists based on their political affiliation . 
  i 'm just saying it poses a problem with bias .
