  i reasoned that not all follow stuff like / cityporn etc. 
  photography , and as the riverfront of budapest rivals london riverfront , but is less known , it should be presented instead of the village . 
  luckily the rebuilding is faithful to the original :  it was decided to build a bridge as similar as possible to the original , using the same technology and materials . 
  the bridge was re-built with local materials by er-bu construction corp a turkish company , using ottoman construction techniques . 
  tenelia stone from local quarries was used and hungarian army divers recovered stones from the original bridge from the river below . 
  i thought about budapest , which is immensely beautiful , but i wondered it is so recognizable that maybe i put some lesser known place from hungary . 
  now i kind of regret . 
  how do you feel ? 
  i kind of laughed at it when going trough them . 
  `` too much cathedrals !, 
  too much castles !, 
  too much palaces !, 
  too much old cities ! '', 
  old world problems . 
  art deco was kind of futuristic , and yes , that is art deco . 
  you can see some similarities in the use of strong geometric patterns and gradients colors in this art deco painting : https://booksandreviews.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/tdl38.jpg, 
  apparently a part of kazakhstan is in europe , on the western side of ural river , which is understood as the edge of europe . 
  yea there are tons of them , but i realized that europe has so much historic town centers that when you put them all on the same gallery , they do n't stand out from each other . 
  same with castles , cathedrals and fortresses . 
  too many of them !, 
  ( but all beautiful still ) that 's why i chose the more unique ones . 
  yea , i included it specifically because it is so bizarre . 
  prague is a unesco site also , but everyone knows it already , and that chapel was really unique . 
  well lapland is a natural , not a cultural heritage site . 
  and there 's only one site per country to this list !, 
  some countries have only a few while italy has 50 so i made it fair and took one from each . 
   eu is not the trade partner , some member countries of eu are . 
  yea , but by eu i mean other eu countries as a group . 
  the majority of finnish exports go to other eu countries . 
   how exactly talks are going to get ukraine to peace ? 
  you should ask that from our president . 
  do you think politicians will tell all their diplomatic discussions out to the public ? 
  confidence and trust are needed , so naturally they are not going to tell what they are speaking in private . 
  and niinist\u00f6 only has said that he wants to have an open communication , not that he is there to push for peace . 
  and the quote you said says this :  to my understanding the statement of kremlin refers purely to trade statistics , which show a slight declining trend , purely speaking on numbers . 
  unlike how it is usually understood , that is not about crumbling relations , niinist\u00f6 said . 
  so , what about that ? 
   so they will try to pressure ukraine , mostly because russia is main trade partner and also because russians do n't give a shit . 
  actually most of finlands exports go to other eu countries . 
  the main trade partner of finland is the eu . 
  under 10 % of finnish exports go to russia . 
  the sanctios have had only marginal effect on the finnish economy . 
  `` they will try to pressune ukraine '' is your imagination . 
  niinist\u00f6 clearly said he is on the eu side and supports the actions of eu , so whatever he says to ukrainian president , it 's close to the view of eu . 
  politically yes , geographically apparently no , but as `` europe '' is so much a cultural and political term instead of just geographical , yes , cyprus is part of europe . 
  kind of like denmark is part of scandinavia , even though it 's not * geographically * part of scandinavia . 
  fixed , thanks !, 
  [ alanrickmanvoice ] do not disappoint me , future . 
  whatever the first mention of the city is , they are not always said in sources , as several sources themselves do not date the beginnings of the city to the first written records of it . 
  historical research does not have a consistent criteria on how to determine the beginning of some city , so i saw no reason to differ from that . 
  history uses several different sources for determining the age of a city . 
  written sources is one , but if all archaeological findings point that urbanization has happened before first written record , historical research can not ignore it , and neither did i. 
  by googling colchester seemed to be older , and i always aimed for the oldest one i could find . 
  i actually do n't feel it is even almost cheating . 
  to my understanding several buildings we now consider old have been rebuilt during their history , like something is built in 1200 ad , it gets destroyed in 1500 ad and is rebuilt identically in 1550 ad . 
  from our perspective ( or from my perspective ) the building still represent the original one , even though it is not . 
  of the hundreds of years of history , ( and hundreds of years to come to riga ) , the few decades the building was demolished is just a glitch when seen from future . 
  to us it might feel cheating , because the rebuilding happened in our age , not in history . 
  but in the future the rebuilding is also part of the long history . 
  perhaps i 'll make another post about old cities with surviving old architecture , as the oldest cities not always have their old architecture . 
  it was kind of annoying googling the cities and finding out that many of the cities that probably are the oldest do n't look old , and some younger cities actually have older architecture . 
  would be more eye candy . 
  it 's difficult to be consistent , as when looking at information the sources are n't consistent . 
  they say `` this city is the oldest because it was first mentioned already in xxxx '' whereas with some other city it says `` this city is the oldest as archaeological finds confirm continuous urban settlement since '' . 
  ok , thanks for the info !, 
  i replaced nijmegen with maastricht . 
  didi n't understand the link but i take it you read it from there , and the list apparently is also about the age . 
  well i tried to get the oldest one if possible , and while sitguna might not look that old , based on the info i saw it is older than visby . 
  but visby sure does look magical !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i replaced enns with salzburg , as it seems to have been unified by romans in 15bc to a city , and got a roman city status at 1st century ad . 
  all i could find points lisbon being the oldest city , while other places that now have cities might have had settlements older than lisbon , but the info does not state that the settlement has been urban like . 
  wikipedia lists them , as part of them is in europe . 
  it 's what i found out seem to be the oldest and still inhabited . 
  it 's not a choice but what i came up with the best information i found . 
  this is not a list about cities that * look * old . 
  some cities might have all of their historical buildings demolished or bombed , but the city itself still exists . 
  the criteria is in the disclaimer . 
  goal was n't to find the best preserved city , but some of the oldest cities . 
  sometimes the earliest record is the date of founding , sometimes the first mention in written history , sometimes archaeological findings . 
  sometimes an archaeological dig proves some city is older that some that has been mentioned earlier in written history . 
  as said in the disclaimer , i looked these up by googling . 
  for example sighisoara is better preserved than mangalia , but mangalia dates to the ancient greek times , while according to wikipedia sighisoara dates to medieval times . 
  i just saw some post somewhere about `` words that do n't exist in other languages '' with the explanations and saw schadenfreude there and thought `` hey , we have that too ! '', 
  there 's also a common words `` paskah\u00e4t\u00e4 '' and `` kusih\u00e4t\u00e4 '' in finnish that i have not encountered in other languages . 
  they mean `` shit emergency '' and `` piss emergency '' and are * de facto * words you use when colloquially informing where you have to go . 
  i do n't know german , but i do know ( or think i know ) that `` schadenfreude '' is the word for enjoyment of the bad luck of others . 
  finnish has it too , `` vahingonilo '' , literally `` the joy of accident/misfortune '' . 
  thanks !, 
  i updated the texts !, 
  i mean , turku is my birth city for god 's sake . 
  no way i would forget that !, 
   niinist\u00f6 can talk all day about solidarity with in the eu , but that does not actually mean anything . 
  talk is cheap , especially coming from a politician . 
  yea , but has he said or done anything that is against the policy of the eu ? 
  he is keeping with the eu line . 
  but they ruined the view with a [ modern bridge ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/kirjastosilta,_aurajoki_ja_turun_tuomiokirkko,_kuvattuna_it%c3%a4iselt%c3%a4_rantakadulta,_turku,_8.12.2013.jpg ) : /, 
  i knowingly ignored if the city previously has been mentioned been `` inhabited '' and took as a criteria that the settlement has been `` town like '' , not only people living in the area . 
  that 's why i chose to take the risk to be too inclusive instead of too exclusive . 
  if there is ambivalence i do not want anyone relevant to feel left out .
