  conscientious and nurturing adults , whether they are men or women , heterosexual or homosexual , can be excellent parents . 
  the rights , benefits , and protections of civil marriage can further strengthen these families . 
  ( july 2006 ) . 
  `` the effects of marriage , civil union , and domestic partnership laws on the health and well-being of children '' . 
  pediatrics 118 , http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/118/1/349.full.pdf+html  * the data indicate that same-sex and heterosexual relationships do not differ in their essential psychosocial dimensions ; that a parent 's sexual orientation is unrelated to her or his ability to provide a healthy and nurturing family environment ; and that marriage bestows substantial psychological , social , and health benefits . 
  it is concluded that same-sex couples and their children are likely to benefit in numerous ways from legal recognition of their families , and providing such recognition through marriage will bestow greater benefit than civil unions or domestic partnerships * - herek gm ( september 2006 ) . 
  `` legal recognition of same-sex relationships in the united states : a social science perspective '' . 
  the american psychologist , http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/faculty_sites/rainbow/html/ap_06_pre.pdf  * the entrenched conviction that children need both a mother and a father inflames culture wars over single motherhood , divorce , gay marriage , and gay parenting . 
  research to date , however , does not support this claim . 
  contrary to popular belief , studies have not shown that `` compared to all other family forms , families headed by married , biological parents are best for children '' ( popenoe , quoted in center for marriage and family , p. 1 ) . 
  research has not identified any gender-exclusive parenting abilities ( with the partial exception of lactation ) . 
  * - how does the gender of parents matter , timothy j. biblarz1 , and judith stacey , journal of marriage and family http://people.wku.edu/steve.groce/gender%20and%20parenting.pdf so as you can see , even with substantial amount of research , there is no indication that same sex parents are fundamentally worse parents than straight couples . 
   this relationship is fundamentally different from a heterosexual family how ? 
  two adults love each other and commit to each other ? 
  how is that fundamentally different from two adults loving each other and committing toe each other ? 
  i would not have a problem with abolishing marriage as a legal institution either . 
  but any way whatever the decision , it should be equal . 
  if same sex couples are n't legally entitled to the term `` marriage '' , straight couples should not either , as the term has a very strong cultural value which the law should not restrict on basis such as sexuality ( or color of skin for that matter ) . 
  having the term `` marriage '' as a completely informal non-judicial term everyone can use freely would be just fine too . 
   do you think the state has any interest in marriages besides reproduction ? 
  the government is not a bunch of romantics . 
  the voters are , and so the interests of voters interests the government if they are vocal . 
  out of these two options , which one do you think most of the people hold as the necessity for a successful marriage : a ) '' * we love each other and wand to commit to each other * '' or b ) '' * we want to reproduce together * '' ? 
  it 's obvious that for the majority of people , marriage is based on romantic sentimental instead of reproduction . 
  if this is the de facto reason for marriage for the vast majority , why should it not apply to same sex couples ? 
   children will come to same-sex couples via the route of losing one of their biological parents . 
  that 's how every adioption pretty much works . 
  the starting point of adoption is that the parents refuse to raise the kid . 
  are you saying that if a 15-year old girl or some homeless poor woman get pregnant , they should be forced to raise the kids and they should have no option to give the baby up for adoption so the baby would have a better environment to grow up in ? 
  that does not sound at all that you would care about the rights of defenseless children . 
  it sounds more like you want to rather force children to grow in crap poor environments just so that the kids would not end up to a gay couple . 
  same-sex partnership was passed in finland in 2001 and after a few years , no one really opposed it anymore . 
  for example even the christian democrats , who were the loudest opposition against the law , do n't demand that it should be removed . 
  after less than 10 years or so , pretty much everyone accepted the same-sex partnership . 
   some people think that it is about the word `` marriage '' when the reality is that it is about being exactly the same legal institution . 
  for example in finland the debate also was on major parts about the word `` marriage '' , and how refusing it from certain partnerships sends a message of inferiority . 
   if no , then i really do n't understand the big deal of using a different label for the `` same '' thing . 
  . . not that i 'm against it , just asking for an explanation . 
  it 's kind of the `` separate but equal '' claiming that happened in the us for example with racial segregation . 
  even though technically equal , the separation sends a message that same sex marriage is somehow so fundamentally different that it does not deserve the prestigious title of `` marriage '' . 
  like , imagine if white-white relationships would be called `` marriage '' but white-black marriages would be called `` mixed partnership '' instead of marriage , even though technically identical rights . 
  or imagine if `` human person '' would be redefined to refer only to males , and `` non-human person '' would be redefined to mean only females , but both would have identical legal rights . 
  words carry more meaning , value , judgement and statements that the jurisdiction . 
  our culture , values and judgements are something broader than the law . 
  having separate but judicially identical partnerships is the law endorsing certain meanings , values and judgements that are not written in law , but live within our behavior , attitudes and judgements . 
  but the parliament is n't another layer , but rather a more democratic `` short cut '' to eu governance for the people , as opposed to council of ministers , which is national elections -  national ministers -  council of ministers . 
  to my understanding , no country really elects their ministers directly , but rather the winning government parties choose them . 
  the democratic defect would be increased if the parliament would be removed or reduced in power . 
  it is the very interest of eu citizens to have a directly elected legislative body in the eu instead of just indirect bodies like the commission and council of ministers . 
  the quiz asked about the content of the video above it . 
  that does n't really show which party gets seats from which party . 
  in helsinki the largest parties are the coalition party and the green party and living in central helsinki , i do know tons of coalition sympathetic people ( private entrepreneurs ) who ended up voting for candidates like vartia , yanar and haavisto because they see greens as a more liberal and environmentally friendly alternative for the coalition party , which has conservative not-so-green candidates like rydman and zyskowicz . 
  this is evident in extremely bourgeois areas like kruunuhaka , where coalition got around 35 % of votes , greens got 25 % and sdp got like 8 % , left alliance even less . 
  in ullanlinna coalition got like 37 % votes and greens got like 20 % and sdp got like 6 % and left alliance again even less . 
  these areas are not for self-identified left-oriented parties like sdp or left alliance . 
  they fail in these areas , whereas the younger liberal urban bourgeoisie end up voting for greens . 
  this is where the nickname * kokoomuksen puisto-osasto * or `` part department of the coalition party '' for the greens comes from . 
  but of course in other areas , like kallio , or in other voting areas greens get voters from left alliance and sdp . 
  the benefit the greens have is that they have generally refused to place themselves on the left-right - axis , and because of this , they can get vote leakage from both the left and the right from the economical axis . 
  how would the orders be decided ? 
  `` hipster commies '' = left alliance . 
  2007 together with these elections are the best results greens have ever had , so of course the greens were successful , as they managed to duplicate their best result ever . 
  where the votes came from is irrelevant . 
  it would be stupid to say of the * jytky * by finns in 2011 that `` idk why people keep bringing up jytky since it was just a shift of seats from other parties to the finns . '', 
  that 's the whole idea of being successful in elections , to gain seats in the expense of other parties . 
  greens gained seats in the expense of other parties and came out successful . 
  i would also argue that the left side of greens ( outi alanko-kahiluoto & emma kari for example ) got votes from the left alliance , and the center side of greens ( jyrki kasvi & antero vartia ) got votes from urban liberal coalition voters . 
  russia can not start shutting down it 's gas pipes that easily , as in practice their only source of money is selling fossil fuels . 
  selling gas and oil is the foundation of russian government . 
  they have to be a reliable source , because they know that the more unreliable they are , the more importers will look into other sources and the more russia will lose money . 
  it does not change the fact that greens were successful . 
  but i think that a large part of finns voters came from the center party to begin with , and if they can co-operate with the center party , it kind of solidifies their position as a valid working alternative to the center party . 
  i think the left alliance could co-operate with the social democrats , greens and swedish party . 
  i know that because of the center party winning , this will not happen , but the left alliance in some sense is the strongest competitor of the greens because some similar politics , and while the social democrats are very trade union oriented ( and for that reason against basic income , as it would undermine the trade union wage negotiations ) , they have sympathies towards the left alliance . 
  let 's remember that the left alliance was a part of our last government because the social democrats demanded that the national coalition party include them in the negotiations . 
  even though it 's probable that the greens wo n't get into government , i 'm happy that apparently they are getting very good results and getting like four or five more representatives . 
  traditionally their results spike up towards the end of voting , as they are largely an urban party and votes for them tend to orient to the actual voting day , as opposed to more rural parties which have more emphasis on the preliminary voting which ended last tuesday and is the starting point of the vote counting on election days . 
  we have left alliance , but it is n't that big party , getting under 10 % of votes every time . 
  left alliance actually has become ( some say notoriously ) social liberal . 
  animal rights , gay rights , basic income , feminism , environmentalism and so on . 
  you bring up kekkonen . 
  let 's remember that kekkonen was of the center party , and by most political charts i 've seen the finns can be mostly characterized as being a conservative center party , and they have often been characterized of yearning to return to imaginary 50 's ( in a sense of yearning of some lost kind of `` pure '' finnish society ) . 
  so left alliance is very social liberal and progressive , while the finns are , together with christian democrats , the most conservative . 
   they 'll get things done like it was 1918 again . 
  monarchy , here we come !, 
  i think that even though parties do have their own stances , most of them support the idea of national referendum on the issue , like we had a referendum on joining the eu . 
  it 's was n't technically binding , but `` advisory referendum '' but majority supported joining the eu and that 's what the government ended up doing . 
  ah yea , i forgot the nuclear power political porn . 
  always interesting !, 
  i think several european countries do n't even have green parties . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  i just find the description of greens bit short without that much content . 
  i 'm sympathetic towards them and even though i noted that you kind of bash everyone and was n't really annoyed by the bashing , it was just too little bashing !, 
   they say that they base their decision making on facts , but simultaneously have a dogmatic opposition to nuclear energy . 
  does n't every party claim they base their decisions on facts , but still have some silly dogmatic things they believe in ? 
  ( okay , christians maybe say they base their decisions on the bible so they kind of acknowledge it :d ) i wanted more bashing !, 
  like greens are an urban feel good liberal hipster party which has a reputation of being somewhat disconnected from actual nature . 
  they have both green lefts who have idealistic leftist dreams and they have green rights who are said to be `` the park deparment of the national coalition party '' resulting that you do n't really know what are you voting for economically . 
  in finnish language `` liberaali '' is used mainly to refer social liberalism , equality , gay rights , tolerance , democracy and stuff & some deregulation like alcohol and drugs and shop opening times , so it 's opposed to conservative . 
  it is less used to refer full economic liberalism or libertarianism which tries to minimize government influence on economics and free markets .
