  *  * the solidarity in production thus established will make it plain that any war between france and germany becomes not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible * . 
  the setting up of this powerful productive unit , open to all countries willing to take part and bound ultimately to provide all the member countries with the basic elements of industrial production on the same terms , will lay a true foundation for their economic unification . 
  the foundations of modern eu were suggested by france , not us . 
  the blueprints were set by france , not us . 
    you are saying eu has no impact on the issue whatsoever . 
   i 'm not saying that yes you are . 
  you said that peace in europe '' * has nothing * to do with the eu '' ( emphasiz mine ) . 
   you mean the integration that 's younger than nato ? 
  yes , younger by two years . 
   to argue your point , you need to talk about a hypothetical situation in which nato does not exist . 
  in terms of european stability , the eu did not stabilize what was n't already stabilized by nato . 
  no , i do n't . 
  to argue my point , i only need to point out that no countries in eu have had so bad relations that the threat of nato or us intervention has been brought up to ease the tension . 
  the threat of nato or us military intervention has never been used to push stability within eu . 
   ideas for such a construct were around since the 19th century but remained the iddle chatter of ivory tower intellectuals until nato brought the stability needed to realize such a project . 
  so , you admit eu needed contribution from europeans to be what it is . 
    warsaw pact was largely controlled by soviet union . 
   your point being ? 
  it was an entity more than capable of setting up european powers against other european powers , moreso if you include russia as a european nation . 
  that nato/us protecting eu from soviet union is n't that different from protecting eu from warsaw pact . 
   can we at least agree that , on the very least , america 's influence in the matter was extensive enough that the relative stability europe is in at the moment ( barring the parts of europe we do n't like , of course ) ca n't be called an exclusively european achievement ? 
  yes , i agree on that . 
  i disagree on this comment on peace in europe : * `` this has nothing to do with the eu , is not an achievement and nothing to be proud of . 
  if anything , if anyone has any right to be proud , it 's the americans for achieving a hegemony formerly unseen in human history . 
  '' * to call peace in eu exclusively an american achievement which exclusively americans can be proud of is immensely disrespectful to those europeans who for the past 60 years have worked on european integration . 
   if there would be no europeans , there would be nobody for america to secure safety for . 
  if we play your `` what if '' game : if there would be no europeans , there would be no contemporary america , since there would not be european colonization of americas . 
  checkmate . 
   that 's great but is n't this the status quo they 're trying to keep ? 
  they are not politically active towards the politicians whose actions could lead to that . 
  they just patrol the streets . 
  finland does n't really have isolated `` expensive communities '' , private security is n't needed in finland to live a normal safe life , and wages are set by collective bargaining and are legally binding , so the immigrants get the same wages as finns . 
   they 're also already hated by those above them on the socio-economic scale and thus have no social risk when expressing these views . 
  yea , people are taught to hate downward . 
  so no matter what trouble the people in higher in the socio-economic ladder cause to these people , hate goes downward . 
  for the ruling socio-economic group it is beneficial if people hate those below them , not those above them . 
  you know , banker , worker and migrant have 20 cookies . 
  banker takes 18 and leaves two for the worker and says `` watch out , the migrant is after your other cookie '' . 
  also , finns were n't vikings nor worshipped odin . 
  also , when national governments advocate something really stupid in the council of ministers , eu gets the blame , even though it 's the national governments voicing opinion in council of ministers . 
   let 's not delude ourselves into thinking that any of this would be possible without america . 
  and let 's not delude ourselves into thinking that any of this would be possible without europeans . 
  let 's not make claims `` this has nothing to do with the eu , is not an achievement and nothing to be proud of . '', 
   they are also nato countries , unlike ukraine and many balkan countries . 
  i wonder if there 's a relation between the strongest military alliance in the world and not having to fear war . 
  finland , austria , ireland and sweden are not nato countries . 
   europe as a whole . 
  nato outdates the eu by quite a margin . 
  well , america is doing a shit job protecting ukraine , and i doubt america is interested in protecting the european russia . 
  secondly , the origins of eu are the european coal and steel community , which is just two years younger than nato . 
  european integration is almost as old as nato . 
   stop downplaying it and the importance of america in this `` european achievement '' becomes painfully clear . 
  i 'm not downplaying . 
  i 'm saying that eu has a great impact on it too . 
  you are saying eu has no impact on the issue whatsoever . 
  you 're the one downplaying . 
   are you implying america would sit still in the event that germany declares war on france yet again ? 
  i 'm saying that in the real world , it has never even become close to that situation , because of the european integration . 
  you can talk about hypothetical situations what would happen if germany would declare war on france . 
  ** i 'm talking about the real life where it has never even been close because of the integration . 
  **  as it stands right now , america is the biggest factor contributing to european peace and not some european entity . 
  could you name the political conflicts between eu countries on the brink of war which failed to escalate to war due to fear of american military response ? 
  i 'm saying that these kind of political conflicts have n't even happened within eu and the eu integration is crucial to this . 
  ** i 'm saying eu countries are so integrated that a conflict situation which is only prevented by fear of us military hegemony or nato defense pact has not even been close . 
  **  that integration is very recent . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the integration started in 1951 when the coal and steel industries of crucial european countries were set under supranational authority and tied to each other so that these countries could not independently start preparing for war . 
  the following european economic community was formed in 1957 . 
  side by side with eu the nordic countries also integrated . 
  nordic countries formed a passport union in 1951 , so nordic citizens did n't need passports moving between these countries . 
  nordic countries formed a common single labor market and freedom to live in another country in the late 50 's . 
  to claim that european integration is `` very recent '' is simply incorrect . 
  it has been ongoing for over 60 years . 
   even if the eu today were able to prevent inter-european wars , it would only be because america created the conditions in which this economical integration could happen . 
  european integration also demanded the willingness of european leaders to integrate . 
  secondly , if you now are saying eu only happened due to america creating conditions , are you now ad  better said : the warsaw pact . 
  you know , eastern europe ? 
  warsaw pact was largely controlled by soviet union . 
  eu was founded with the very purpose of integrating european countries so that they would n't go to war with each other . 
  balkans were outside eu when they had wars , and ukraine still is outside eu . 
  of course european integration and lack of wars within the eu has tons of to do with the eu . 
   if anything , if anyone has any right to be proud , it 's the americans for achieving a hegemony formerly unseen in human history . 
  you fail to realize that american hegemony is more about protecting eu as a whole , whereas eu is about preventing individual eu countries from being war with each other . 
  there has been no situation where two eu countries have been close to war with each other , and this is not because of american military hegemony , but because of eu integration . 
  the reason wars between france and germany for example are impossibility is not because us military hegemony keeps these countries from attacking each other , but because eu has integrated these countries so deeply with each other . 
  the american military hegemony has protected eu mainly from soviet union / russia , but the integration is what has prevented conflicts within eu . 
   the difference between erasing mentions of your name and , say , child pornography , is as a society we have deemed child pornagraphy to be inhently not ok . and as a society , we can also discuss that maybe some other publications about personal life are inherently not ok , and these cases are very specific . 
  we can not ignore discussing about this possibility and these cases by saying `` as a society we have not deemed it is inherently not ok '' . 
  well , let 's discuss is it or is it not . 
   the information that is being erased by this law is taking away information that is not inherently dangerous , bad , or untrue . 
  what is bad is very subjective . 
  is it bad to link your financial troubles , credit failures and court rulings of personal bankruptcy from 20 years ago , if all of them have been settled 17 years ago ? 
  the information is true , is not inherently dangerous , but it can have a bad effect on the person , for example he applies a job and someone googles his name . 
  and i 'd note that this law is not taking away information as such . 
  it is taking away links between information . 
  taking down pirate bay does not take down the files people share . 
  likewise taking away a link from google does not take down the site where google links to . 
   this is the type of case that should involve putting out more information rather than less . 
  so a person whose financial troubles were published 20 years ago feels the information is unfair , he should publish more information about his personal finances and just hope that whoever googles his name will stumble on that information ? 
  or google should be mandated to include this link ?
