  that exact same argument could have been used to justify racial segregation in public transport . 
  `` it 's tradition . '', 
  traditions are not holy . 
  so be very careful when you argue something is retarded because it goes against traditions . 
   ladies and gentlemen is already inclusive , because it includes all possible existing genders . 
  no , because humans have more gender identities than two . 
  there are people with non-binary gender identity , outside the male-female identities . 
  the extreme being people born intersex and anatomically are between male and female , and sometimes also correspondingly do n't have a clear gender identity of male or female . 
  then some people have complete lack of gender identity , the concept of being male or female as an experience is totally alien to them . 
  it 's also sort of comparable to sexual orientation . 
  there are heterosexuals and homosexuals , a clear binary divide of sexuality * which tells which gender are you innately attracted to * . 
  but there are also bisexuals and total asexuals , who can not be labeled as heterosexuals and homosexuals . 
  likewise there 's gender identity , * which tells you which gender you innately identify with * . 
  some people innately identify with the sex they were born it ( cis ) . 
  there are some people who innately identify with the opposite sex ( i believe the term is transsexual ) , but then there are people whose innate gender identity does not neatly follow the label man/woman , or people who completely lack the experience of gender identity . 
  for example to think about people without experience of gender identity , think about how do you experience your kneecap identity ? 
  how does it feel to be a person with a kneecap ? 
  it 's a biological fact that you have a kneecap , so how does it feel as an identity ? 
  to people without gender identity the idea of experiencing gender identity according to their physical sex can be as alien as to experiencing kneecap identity , even though we all have kneecaps . 
   things must be really great for the lgbtqqip2saa community if this is where they decide to focus their time and effort on ... 
  it 's not like this is exclusive and rules out everything else , rather this is just one of many small things they can focus on . 
  and considering the size of london , this does cover a large city and is an important example of the principle . 
  in the public transport , no . 
  they just say `` dear passengers '' . 
  but these follow up replies from me are , even though these replies have much less content . 
  strange , indeed . 
   not worthy of my attention , hun . 
  well , seeing the amount of replies from you here , you sure seem to give attention to the follow up posts and make an effort to explain why you will not present any counter arguments to my previous post . 
  english already has one . 
  `` if the customer is not pleased to * their * purchase , * they * can return * their * purchase if * they * still have the receipt . '', 
  transgender refers generally to people who have gender identity different from their anatomical sex . 
  so that includes people who lack gender identity , or have a sort of mixed identity . 
  you know , even though humans have males and females , my native language is gender neutral . 
  we have no gender pronouns , and the same pronoun means both men and women . 
  and in spoken language , the same pronoun means * humans , animals and objects * . 
  language is a different thing from biology , and biology does not require everything to be gender-specific , as finnish language demonstrates . 
  the lack of gender pronouns in finnish language has had not erased males or females . 
  we finns are n't androgynous genderless beings . 
  so you do n't have anything else to offer than an extravagant slippery slope which you give no basis for ? 
  nothing to say about my actual comment above . 
  okay . 
  a person with [ non-binary gender identity ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nahm9/london_tube_staff_ditch_ladies_and_gentlemen_for/dk86qzf/ ) does not identify as a male or female , and thus neither as a lady or gentleman . 
   if that makes you `` uncomfortable '' then you 're going to have a terrible life filled with all sorts of unnecesarry drama . 
  now you are making terrible unnecessary drama . 
  just because someone feels some thing is uncomfortable , it does not mean their lives are filled with drama . 
  you are imposing drama on their lives , unnecessarily . 
  wait till he hears about uralic gender pronouns . 
  people with non-binary gender identity . 
  the extreme being people born intersex and anatomically are between male and female , and sometimes also correspondingly do n't have a clear gender identity of male or female . 
  then some people have complete lack of gender identity , the concept of being male or female as an experience is totally alien to them . 
  it 's also sort of comparable to sexual orientation . 
  there are heterosexuals and homosexuals , a clear binary divide of sexuality * which tells which gender are you innately attracted to * . 
  but there are also bisexuals and total asexuals , who can not be labeled as heterosexuals and homosexuals . 
  likewise there 's gender identity , * which tells you which gender you innately identify with * . 
  some people innately identify with the sex they were born it ( cis ) . 
  there are some people who innately identify with the opposite sex ( i believe the term is transsexual ) , but then there are people whose innate gender identity does not neatly follow the label man/woman , or people who completely lack the experience of gender identity . 
  edit : to think about people without experience of gender identity , think about how do you experience your kneecap identity ? 
  how does it feel to be a person with a kneecap ? 
  it 's a biological fact that you have a kneecap , so how does it feel as an identity ? 
  to people without gender identity the idea of experiencing gender identity according to their physical sex can be as alien as to experiencing kneecap identity , even though we all have kneecaps . 
  thank you !, 
  saying `` ladies and gentlemen '' is special treatment to those who identify as men or women . 
  it leaves out those who have a non-binary gender identity . 
  saying `` everyone '' includes * everyone * . 
  no matter are you a lady , gentleman or no-binary . 
  that 's equal respect for all . 
  no one claimed such a thing . 
  more like if you are a straight male and take the tube every day and the announcement is always just `` good day ladies and gay gentlemen '' . 
  i 'd assume it would start bugging you that you are not mentioned at all , like you do n't exist . 
   i very much doubt it 's customers care about this in anyway shape or form . 
  well , there is also the point that customers care how you treat minorities , even though you are not part of the minority . 
  as a hyperbole a straight customers can care if a company has homophobic policies , because customers have social awareness . 
   it literally effects 0.000001 % of people . 
  there 's a lot more people who do n't identify as men or women . 
  by your percentage there would be 0,055 persons in finland who have a non-binary gender identity . 
  however i alone know three of them here personally , and am aware of much more of them . 
  so please do n't make up numbers like that and try to erase the existence of these people . 
  nowhere was it said that it 's triggering anyone . 
  still , you insist that the reason must be that someone must have been triggered , and you fail to consider any other reasons , and then tell other people to grow up . 
  as a gay guy i understand this decision completely . 
  for understandable reasons it is rather common that when talking about men , people and even institutions talk with the tone '' * she is the dream woman of every man * '' and '' * every guy knows the feeling when a girl _____ * '' . 
  i 'm not triggered by it at all , but hearing that a lot is annoying , as it makes gay guys completely invisible , like we do n't exist , that we should not be included to the group of `` every man '' . 
  making slight adjustments like london tube did does n't produce harm to anyone , and makes it less annoying . 
  and iirc correctly here in helsinki the automatic public transport announcements always say just `` dear passengers '' and no one has complained about how they fail to mention genders . 
  i think this was recorded & edited live , and there 's a delay with the footage from the audience . 
  that 's why he said * mostly * immigrants . 
  they for a large part at least are very mixed group of finns who have swedish language as the unifying factor . 
  technically , the only statistics of them are finnish citizens who have swedish as their mother tongue . 
  so if you are completely bilingual , but mark finnish as your mother tongue , you are not officially a swedish speaking finn . 
  mark swedish as your mother tongue , and you are officially swedish speaking finn . 
  also many finnish speaking finns come from bilingual families where they simply decided to raise their kids as finnish speaking . 
  ( this was more popular in the late 19th century during finnish nationalism ) . 
  i have some friends , whose other parent is primarily swedish speaking , the other one is finnish speaking and they raised my friends to speak finnish . 
  so technically they are not swedish speaking finns , just due to the language . 
  had their other parent spoken swedish to them , and they had marked their mother tongue as swedish , they would be counted as swedish speaking finns . 
  also , as the other commenter said , swedish was the language of nobility and `` civilized '' society for a long time . 
  swedish also was the sole official language until the latter half of the 19th century . 
  this is evident in many names too , when finnish names like `` jaakko iisakinpoika '' were marked up in swedish as `` jacob isaacson '' in church records . 
  for finnish speakers to integrate into the `` civilized '' society , swedish was a must , and teaching your kids to be swedish speaking was an investment for the future of your kids . 
  yea .
