  so alcohol should be banned from everyone or allowed to everyone ? 
  there should not be any `` underage people are more likely to be harmed by alcohol '' basis for laws ? 
  the problem being , for example in finland , that teenagers drink several cans of energy drinks . 
  they drink them like beer but instead of six pack of beer they have a six pack of energy drinks , ending up drinking much more than 200mg of caffeine . 
  the hotness and bitterness of coffee and tea on the other hand keeps people from drinkin them that much . 
  i 'll paste my other comment regarding cola , coffee & tea : i think the difference is that cola often does not have as much caffeine as energy drinks , and the general consumption habits of coffee and tea markedly differ from energy drinks . 
  the sweetness and often chillness of energy drinks makes them more palatable in large quantities than coffee and tea , which are drank hot and bitter . 
  energy drinks come in cans and bottles which can be carried around and closed and opened when need , when coffee and tea mostly has to be drank from cups . 
  energy drinks are also specifically marketed with their `` energy '' , or caffeine content . 
  also imo a factor is that teens want to try new things and want to be `` radical '' and stuff . 
  drinking coffee or tea does n't really have the appeal for teenagers . 
  it 's something boring adults do at the office , so while one can get the caffeine high from coffee , drinking coffee does not have the `` rad yong '' social factor in it . 
  energy drinks often have the image of `` youtfull '' beverage , and teens consume huge amounts of them wishing to get really `` high '' on caffeine . 
  there 's even a word in finnish describing caffeine high that to my understanding originated from teens who drank huge amouns of energy drinks . 
  these small differences build up into that the consumption habits for energy drinks much more than coffee , cola or tea , make teens suspectible to learn intense addictive drug use ( as caffeine is a physicaly addictive psychoactive drug ) , especially in social settings , is okay . 
  so personally i see it as a gateway behaviour to other behavior , and i think underage people should not do it . 
  it 's about caffeinated drink which is sugary ( and also is carbonated and often chilled ) . 
  so it 's how you serve caffeine . 
  it 's not black or white . 
  jus because state does something to protect minors does not mean state is out to replace parents . 
  alcohol and tobacco are banned from underage people . 
  so either we should legalize them for everyone , even 5-year old kids , or either we should replace all parents with the state . 
  right ? 
  because that 's what you are essentially saying about state responsibility . 
  either no respinsibility or replacement of parents . 
  i think the difference is that cola often does not have as much caffeine as energy drinks , and the general consumption habits of coffee and tea markedly differ from energy drinks . 
  the sweetness ( edit : and carbonated bubbles ) and often chillness of energy drinks makes them more palatable in large quantities than coffee and tea , which are drank hot and bitter . 
  energy drinks come in cans and bottles which can be carried around and closed and opened when need , when coffee and tea mostly has to be drank from cups . 
  energy drinks are also specifically marketed with their `` energy '' , or caffeine content . 
  also imo a factor is that teens want to try new things and want to be `` radical '' and stuff . 
  drinking coffee or tea does n't really have the appeal for teenagers . 
  it 's something boring adults do at the office , so while one can get the caffeine high from coffee , drinking coffee does not have the `` rad yong '' social factor in it . 
  energy drinks often have the image of `` youtfull '' beverage , and teens consume huge amounts of them wishing to get really `` high '' on caffeine . 
  there 's even a word in finnish describing caffeine high that to my understanding originated from teens who drank huge amouns of energy drinks . 
  these small differences build up into that the consumption habits for energy drinks much more than coffee , cola or tea , make teens suspectible to learn intense addictive drug use ( as caffeine is a physicaly addictive psychoactive drug ) , especially in social settings , is okay . 
  so personally i see it as a gateway behaviour to other behavior , and i think underage people should not do it . 
  to be precise , latin did n't die but evolved into french , romanian , italian and so on . 
  yea , but can every small country in the eurozone equal in trade with an economic power house and a big country like germany ? 
  or as a national comparison : can every smaller region of a country be as innovative and competitive as the capital/economic hubs of the country ? 
  and on devaluation , yea it 's a temporary measure , but on the long run also independence from euro can be good for the economy . 
  i do n't remember the source , but i 've read that keeping out of the eurozone has actually been good for swedish exports and as such , good for the swedish economy . 
  i 'm not talking about the common market , but the common currency . 
  some have said that for example the economy of many eurozone countries , such as finland has been stagnating for years because finland is part of the eurozone and can not devaluate its currency to increase exports . 
  and that what happened to greece is an extreme form of a crisist which will happen again ( perhaps on a smaller scale ) to some other economy within the current eurozone . 
   greece is keeping greece unstable and some say it was beneficial for germany to give credit to greece knowing it causes unstability in greece , as it devalues the euro which makes german exports cheaper . 
  [ juha sipil\u00e4 ] ( http://is13.snstatic.fi/img/978/1419817759298.jpg ) , prime minister of finland , head of the center party ( center-right somewhat conservative party popular in rural areas ) . 
  he 's a relative newcomer in politics , got first elected to the parliament at first attempt in 2011 and was elected head of the center party in 2012 . 
  when the center party won the elections this spring , as the largest party , he became the prime minister . 
  by profession he is a master of science ( technology ) or as said in finnish , diploma-engineer and before political career he managed to get quite wealthy leading and owning different tech firms . 
  in the 90 's he sold some of his business and got over 10 million euros for it . 
  he 's from the finnish bible belt and is by religion closely connected to [ laestadianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laestadianism ) , a conservative lutheran belief . 
  so by finnish standards he 's pretty religious , but he has kept his religious views strictly out of politics and they are n't an issue that much . 
  often seen impression of him is that he has a very engineer way of dealing with leading the country , with very strict and disciplined set of principles he follows ( and some say this is n't necessary beneficial in politics ) . 
  what i 've been thinking about is somehow to take account and balance the effect of trade deficits of smaller eurozone countries . 
  i think it 's just impossible to expect every eurozone country to have trade surplus by itself without any government intervention . 
  and as there 's the common currency , the smaller countries can not increase their exports by devaluation . 
  ( some claim that it is beneficial for germany to devaluate euro by keeping smaller euro countries like greece economically unstable , as that lowers the value of euro , causing exports from germany to increase . ), 
  reference to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqpq5ofcsdg ) . 
  easy like sunday morning . 
  hmm , strange . 
  to me reddit shows comment chain just being 1 points both . 
   they should have included in laws and treaties regarding free movement of people and the right to settle in any country , in my opinion . 
  well , in my opinion too , but the problem being that the lisbon treaty required signing from each country . 
  there 's no hope putting gay marriage in the fundamental rights and getting a country like hungary or poland to sign the lisbon treaty as such . 
   furthermore it would be interesting to see how constitutions and equality agreements hold up against gay marriage . 
  for insurance how gay marriage was made legal through the court in america and is constitutions . 
  problem being that the charter of fundamental rights defines the right to marriage as `` the right to marry and the right to found a family shall be guaranteed * in accordance with the national laws governing the exercise of these rights * '' . 
  eu does not have the competence on that . 
  the legislation powers of the eu are mainly focused on trade & production regulation , consumer services , environmental issues and other more `` practical '' laws and much less on value-based laws . 
  and the value-based laws are basically the european charter of fundamental rights , which does not include gay marriage , as some signatory countries oppose it . 
  good day . 
  not until like 21:00 . 
  i have n't checked how they have been voted . 
  sometimes specific generalizations can be correct . 
  you have no access to enough information on a finnish person but you make a generalization that he likes sauna and offer him a possibility for sauna when he visits . 
  and he is delighted . 
  a specific generalization how finns like saunas was correct for that individual . 
  you generalized wrong on me . 
  i know . 
  you were guessing . 
  you guessed wrong on me . 
  no i am not . 
  yes . 
  i was merely sarcastic . 
  because you `` kind of like banter '' . 
  you must be fun at office coffee breaks . 
  yea i 've noticed that you are procrastinating with this banter instead of answering [ these questions ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3d6sxq/when_you_arent_a_euroskeptic_but_are_questioning/ct3tzce ) . 
  i , on the other hand , am not procrastinating , as i have no other things i 'm ignoring at the moment . 
  because i have to stay awake and this keeps me occupied . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's fairly obvious that after i pointed out how silly your stance on the parliament was , you want to have the last word on this dicussion but you can not come up with anything sensible . 
  i said it pretty clearly . 
  you realized how silly your stance on the parliament was but you do n't want to acknowledge it . 
  that 's why the avoidance of the subject with `` i 'm done '' and `` just do n't care about it enough '' even though you still cling on to this discussion . 
  you cared ( and replied accordingly ) until i pointed out how silly your stance was . 
  then you went all `` this is a stupid game and i 'm not interested in this anymore '' . 
  so i assume you realized how silly your stance was but do n't want to acknowledge it so you just reply with what is basically a `` lalalalaa i ca n't hear you anymore '' . 
  then why do you insist that it 's the parliament , not the council of ministers which is the redudant institution ? 
  why do n't you say '' * the council of ministers is mostly for show * '' ? 
  why do n't you say '' * everything would function without the council of ministers .
