  the current humanitarian situation in greece is caused by the austerity of the troika . 
  that is not the case with poorer eu countries . 
  eu is naturally offering developement funds for poorer countries than greece , but the condition for poorer countries is n't that their humanitarian developement must be set back , like in greece . 
   at the end of the day , the greeks want a standard of living higher than what they create , and want someone else to pay for it . 
  i 'm not expecting 25 years of mismanagement to be fixed in 6 months . 
  but greece has had austerity for 5 years and the humanitarian situation during those years has crumbled significantly compared to the other countries you said . 
  it 's not just about `` fixing mismanagement '' . 
  it 's also about people . 
  we can not `` fix mismanagement '' and force austerity eternally to get nice numbers , if that means worsening and worsening the humanitarian situation . 
  which one is more people : the numbers or the actual humanitarian consequences ? 
   of course there is a lot of pain in the process . 
  who is the one to define what is the `` proper limit '' for acceptaple pain the greek people should experience under austerity ? 
  is it the troika or the greek people who know better what is too much pain ? 
  is it so that troika can do everything they want and just say `` of course there is a lot of pain '' and still go on , without hearing the greek people ? 
  it had n't been 81 years right after wwii . 
  yet people were n't like `` sucks to be you '' but other countries actively tried to get ( west ) germany on its feet . 
  my point was n't to blame germany as such , but to note that blaming greece and saying `` deal it with yourself ! '', 
  is silly , as it does not solve anything and does not help the greek people . 
  after wwii it would have been silly to say to west germany that `` well , your own fault , suffer the consequences '' . 
  and it was not done . 
  germany was helped , even though they themselves caused the crisis . 
  not tons of people have the tone `` it 's your fault , so you do n't deserve help '' . 
  well , teuvo hakkarainen did describe africans as `` niggers '' and suggested that gays , lesbians and somalis should be moved to \u00c5land islands . 
  and halla-aho was convicted in court of `` agitation '' towards somali people when he said perhaps they have a genetic predisponent to steal . 
  both were member of the parliament at those times , but neither was expelled . 
   you think you can threaten europe with close ties with russia and china ? 
  oh be my guest , go ahead and cozy up to them . 
  the ones losing worse by far will be greece . 
  also , this demonstrates that eu has failed . 
  which by tons of standards is much higher in finland than in greece . 
   neither forced solidarity works , rather that leaves both countries feeling left out . 
  forced solidarity in welfare states is called taxes . 
  that 's an example that works , as for example in finland people largely approve taxes to support the welfare state and to distribute wealth . 
  to my understanding , the humanitarian consequences of austerity in greece are much more severe than in those other countries you mentioned , and the imf has recognized the austerity was much worse for the greek economy than they predicted . 
  humanitarily speaking , there 's no way the required austerity would have worked forever without significant backlash . 
  well , `` the third world '' originally referred to neutral countries of the cold war , like finland , sweden , most of africa and south america . 
  but now it refers more to underdeveloped economies or something like that . 
  so these terms can change quite fast . 
   it is a tragic thing , as millons of ordinary greeks will have to suffer because its ruling elite failed . 
  and other eu countries refuse to help them . 
  greece is cheaper ? 
  and greece mediterranean climate archipelago and harbors are much easier to profit with tourism and trade with than some estonian swamps and hills . 
   no taxation without representation . 
  if i have to pay for greece i want to have a say how the money should be spend . 
  well , we do have the european parliament which controls the eu budget , and if the eu were to redistribute wealth like the us , i 'd suppose the parliament would have a say on that . 
  while eu currently does not collect taxes , it does collect fees from member countries , and if you want to influence that flow of money , vote in the eu parliamentary elections . 
  and as for how national governments redistribute wealth inside eu , that 's what our national elections are for . 
  hitler was democratically elected to the parliament and the nazis were the second largest party in the parliament , and the democratically elected president hindenburg made hitler the chancellor of germany due to lack of a better government . 
  had german people voted better , the nazis would not have seized power . 
  so yea , one can blame the german voters of that time . 
  i actually have n't even thought about how many times a week i have to shop groceries . 
  i have never thought it 's an issue . 
  people can make bad voting decisions , but are we really that cruel that if the consequences are catasthropic for the people we just do n't care , even though we are supposed to be in the same union with the motto * united in diversity * ? 
  germany also was a democracy , and then germans voted for example hitler and other nazis who democratically rose to power , changed the form of government started wwii and then organized a highly industrialised holocaust and then they lost the war . 
  yet after this the other countries were n't like `` sucks to be german , your own fault , deal with your shit yourself '' but other countries actively tried to get ( west ) germany on its feet . 
  i 'd pay the greek bills because greek people are people too , and the current economic situation is just causing humanitarian trouble there , harming the people . 
  greek are still human beings , and being within the eu and eurozone , it is politically more feasible to support them than say , poorer nations in central america . 
  as a finn i 'd support restructuring of the eu to include wealth distribution like in the us , so yea , i 'd be okay with richer countries helping poorer countries to get on their feet . 
  like i 'm not against that the capital region of finland economically supports the poorer regions of finland . 
  the current crisis just highlights that the current structure of the eu is a failure . 
  if we allow the eu to push greece into more austerity causing more humanitarian trouble for the sake of some economic ideology , it merely shows that the current eu is n't really as interested in human well being and human rights as it claims . 
  this undermines the entire purpose of the eu and makes the entire eu much weaker . 
  the motto of eu is `` united in diversity '' but the current situation is more like `` divided in diversity '' , where different countries just think about themselves without any bit of united solidarity , wich was supposed to be the core of eu and the purpose of eu . 
  to unite europe so that there would be no more humanitarian catastrophes like war . 
  but now the troika is willing to let the humanitarian situation of greece to crumble for the sake of economic ideology . 
   greeks have democratic right to vote for other people 's money and those people should just give it to them ? 
  no one claimed anything like that . 
  i think european cities generally also rely much more on public transport , so that 's why they are not that convenient for cars . 
   have you actually considered that people just disagree wit you and therefore downvote you ? 
  that 's not how downvotes should be used . 
  the reddit recommendation is that downvotes are for comments that do n't contribute to the discussion , not for comments you disagree with . 
  a comment with an opinion that contributes to the discussion should not be downvoted just because you disagree with that opinion . 
  i read it from [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11604518/why-syriza-are-doing-everything-eu-creditors-demand.html ) . 
  in the first quatet of 2015 syriza managed to collect 15 % more taxes than the monthly target , totaling to almost 500 million euros . 
  syriza has been collecting taxes 15 % above the monthly target and overall their primary budget in the first quater was almost 2 billion euros more than the economics had forecasts . 
  several other measures are dependent on does the troika agree with syriza . 
  but as troika is willing to financially support only if greece does austerity , and syriza wants other reforms than austerity , they lack the support for all the reforms . 
  in the first quater of 2015 syriza managed to collect almost 2 billion euros more than the economics had forecasts and managed to collect 15 % more taxes than the monthly target . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  greece had five years of austerity with pro-austerity government . 
  the government did not fight against austerity but endorsed it . 
  it did n't work . 
  even imf has admitted that . 
  greek people for large part very well realized the country has to change . 
  that 's partly why they voted the old parties responsible for the crisis out of the government . 
  the old parties were seen much more tolerant of corruption and cronyism and syriza was notably more opposed to corruption , oligarchs and such . 
  they voted agains certain types of reforms . 
  and voting syriza in power instead of the old corrupt parties was a vote * for * reforms . 
  the gdp went again down before syriza , and originally it went up only because of a temporary influx of tourists . 
  it was not some overall recovery of the economy but a small temporary rise in one sector . 
   ultimately the greek people and the state is responsible for greece 's situation right now . 
  sure , there was a lot of enabling by the eu and banks . 
  so why do you move the responsibility `` ultimately '' to greek people and state when you even yourself acknowledge that eu and banks also were partial to it ? 
  when the euro was introduced in greece , for example german banks were keen on giving credit to greece to help the exports of germany to greece , and the banks closed their eyes from the financial risks . 
  likewise previously greece was led by quite corrupt parties like nea dimokratia and pasok , and the investment bank goldman sachs [ helped the greek government to falsify ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html ) it 's economic situation . 
  banks did know some of the risks involved with greece , but they still gave credit . 
  it should also be asked * do the banks have any responsibility of making bad credit investments ? 
  * or should it be so that banks can always give credit to anyone and not care about the risks , as if the risks come true , governments will always bail the banks out with taxpayer money ? 
  and also about responsibility : likewise ultimately the german people who voted the nazis in power and the state of germany were responsible for the consequences of wwii for germany , as germany started the war . 
  still the state debt of germany was cancelled .
