  does the u.k. fart more than the rest of the world combined ? 
   quality before quantity , guys !, 
  from my experience : i wish italy would apply that also to customer service . 
  `` do stupid things faster with more energy . '', 
  my dad has to drink coffee to get some sleep . 
  his body needs it . 
  i just realized that just like spice , coffee sometimes really is used as a currency in here . 
  for example regional facebook-groups focusing on trading items instead selling them for money often have people asking and giving packs of coffee in exchange for the items . 
  this is to avoid the ban on selling anything for money . 
  office and home coffee usually is like [ this ] ( http://www.whenwasitinvented.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/coffee-maker.jpg ) , but drank from a larger cup . 
  but many people do use the moka pots on your first link . 
  i have two moka pots . 
  he is very pro-eu also in finland , that being one of the most known stances he has . 
  his international politics doctoral thesis was about european integration , according to his cv he has published 30 academic articles on eu and before being a prime minister he was the minister responsible for our eu-relations . 
  so his pro-eu stance is real and strong also in finland , and he does not really worry about the the euroskeptic finns party or their voters . 
  the people who are euroskeptics are a completely different demographic group from his voters . 
  other stances , like social policies , economic , taxation and so on are the relatively unknown to finns . 
  he is very media savvy , and knows how to pull the strings of the public . 
  he is one of the most popular , if not the most popular politician of finland . 
  but his actual political opinions are quite ambiguous and unknown for the common people , as his public image tends to focus relatively much on his sports & interaction with celebrities . 
  perhaps a rule of thumb could be that europeans [ north of 55 northern latitude ] ( http://i1107.photobucket.com/albums/h388/beardsley_klamm/europe_usjuxv3.jpg ) binge drink . 
  dear usa , we need to talk about your canned spray cheese . 
  it does n't help that his [ smiling tends to be creepy . 
  we have so much water we 've gotten bored of it . 
  it 's the [ spice ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melange_%28fictional_drug%29 ) of the finnish economy . 
  actually i think the alcohol consumption of finland is not that much compared to other countries . 
  the difference is that instead of drinking small amounts often , like one beer after work daily and wine with dinner , finns binge drink . 
  i think it 's common to all nordic countries . 
  [ this comic is relevant ] ( http://i.imgur.com/czq8oqn.png ), 
  alexander stubb , the prime minister of finland from the conservative coalition party is pro-nato , to my understanding eu-federalist and economically very liberal . 
  he is often described like `` young , dynamic and media savvy '' , but he has been criticized of focusing on his public image and cheerful tweets about mundane things instead of important political issues . 
  [ this is his reaction when he realizes the cameras are on ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1ojgqc7.gif ) edit : while the coalition party is often characterized as `` conservative '' , stubb has liberal values , and previously has taken part in gay pride and made an initiative in the parliament to legalize same sex marriage ( but as the initiative was n't part of the public policy of the cabinet , it got stuck to bureaucracy on a long line of initiatives and never proceeded ) . 
   our evil warmongering homofascist empire !, 
  you make the us sound like a cheesy 70 's leather gay porn . 
  like tom of finland !, 
   i do still have doubts about the overrepresentation of homosexuality in media , it became a fad for a bit to have a queer character everywhere and to be honest that got on my nerves . 
  two points i would like to make : 1 . 
  any tiny minority that has had major trouble being accepted is deemed to be overrepresented in the media . 
  if you think that like , 2 % of people are gay , it is such a small minority that if you make 2 % of characters gay , you end up having no gay characters at all . 
  a soap opera or a reality show with 20 characters to be statistically representative , there would not be any gay characters . 
  and if every show does this , none of the shows ends up having gays . 
  several tv shows acknowledge this , and include gays not to be statistically representative , but to show that * we do n't exclude homosexuality * . 
  majority of the homosexual characters are written by straight people . 
  that 's the reason the homosexuals often stereotypical queen gays : that 's what homosexuality brings to mind for many people , and they write it out / seek reality tv contestants `` who are like gays '' . 
  many gay people are annoyed that the defining aspect of gay characters in tv is their sexuality . 
  i think a great shift in finland happened around the turn of the millennium . 
  but i do n't think finland was that homophobic to begin with when compared to several other countries . 
  sure , things have been shitty everywhere , but i think the lutheran history of finland made finns softer than in say , catholic or orthodox cultures . 
  lutheran religion in general does not strongly dictate the private lives of people , so matters like sex and relationships are n't a huge interest for the church . 
  marriage is n't even a sacrament of our lutheran state church . 
  and as the church has had an effect on the culture , our culture also has been slightly more indifferent towards homosexuality than many other countries . 
  i would assume lutheran religion is a factor also with other nordic countries . 
  in finland , homosexual acts were decriminalized in 1971 ( and ironically they also decriminalized sex with animals in 1971 , as long as the animal does not suffer ) . 
  homosexuality was declassified as an illness in 1981 . 
  but the downside with the decriminalization in 1971 was a new law that criminalized `` encouragement to homosexual sex '' , which was a compromise with the conservatives . 
  in practice this law caused self-censorship in media on accepting homosexuality , as no one wanted to be sued . 
  the law criminalizing `` encouragement to homosexual sex '' was removed in 1999 . 
  after this the media started to be more open about handling homosexuality . 
  same sex civil partnerships came legal in 2001 . 
  after that the public opinion on homosexuality has had a big shift . 
  i would even dare to claim that in the 90 's our parliament was more progressive than our citizens , but during the 21st century the shift has been so big that now the citizens are more progressive than our parliament . 
  now days the majority of finns support same sex marriage and equal adoption rights for same sex couples , but the parliament is still struggling to legalize them . 
  the citizen initiative for same sex marriage legislation has been the largest initiative in finland , collecting twice the amount of needed signatures in one day ( the amount needed is 50 000 signatures during 6 months , the initiative got about 100 000 signatures in about 24 hours ) . 
  how i see is that the public opinion changed in response to the changes in legislation in 1999 and 2001 . 
  when the state declared that same sex couples have the right for civil partnership and freedom to speech applies to talking about homosexual acts also , it sent a message to the people that maybe gays are n't that bad . 
  the more legal equality people have , the less people can base their prejudice on law . 
  and as people can not base their prejudice on law , a lot of people start thinking that maybe there was no reason for prejudice to begin with . 
  and even the homophobic attitudes have changed . 
  rarely do homophobes in finland deny the right for civil partnership from gays , even though they would oppose equal marriage rights . 
  even majority of the homophobes seem accept that same sex couples have the right to civil partnerships . 
  in addition to all this , also the general western attitudes and culture , especially in the 90 's have had an influence in my opinion . 
  the tv tower at least , very faintly . 
  you have to know where to look . 
  i 've heard that on clear days you can see [ this building ] ( http://www.ylitalot.net/images/2008/02/img_8801_c.jpg ) in espoo from tallinn . 
   but not really convinced it hugely opens up berlin from there . 
  i 'm not saying that it would be * the way * to get to berlin , but it would be a viable option in say , in the year 2050 . 
  the eu could be very interested in building an rail infrastructure within the eu to lessen the dependence of our integration on fossil fuels . 
  if train technology keeps upgrading and climate/energy issues are taken more into consideration , i see it very possible that in 2050 people would consider trains as a viable option way much more than today . 
  it would not be as fast as flying , but it could be cheaper . 
  you get on a train 20:00 in helsinki , go to sleep in the train at 22:00 after it has passed tallinn , sleep the night and arrive at berlin at 12:00 local time . 
  and it would not only be helsinki-berlin . 
  it would also be tallinn-berlin , riga-berlin and warsaw-berlin . 
  sure , it 's not as fast as flying , but it 's not dependent on fossil fuels . 
  the difference with the channel tunnel and helsinki-tallinn as i see it is that the tunnel helsinki-tallinn would be * a direct connection * between two capitals that are way closer than london and some other capital . 
  tallinn and helsinki are on the opposite shores of the same gulf , 80km apart and on clear days you can see the highest buildings of tallinn from helsinki . 
  the combined population of helsinki + tallinn is larger than the capitals brussels + luxembourg city , and the distance is under a half of the distance between brussels & luxembourg . 
  there is already substantial traffic between the cities , the ferry taking two hours from helsinki to tallinn . 
  the channel tunnel is n't like london-paris or london-brussels . 
  the distance between london and any capital on the other side of the channel is much larger than the distance between helsinki and tallinn . 
  the channel tunnel does not combine two capital urban areas into a twin city . 
  a tunnel between helsinki and tallinn would effectively mean that people can live in tallinn and work in helsinki , using the tunnel just to commute , and economic cooperation between the cities would be much greater ( helsinki being the economic hub of finland and tallinn being the economic hub of estonia ) . 
  i would also assume that eu might be interested in this because of energy/climate reasons . 
  they were not an important issue 20 years ago when the channel tunnel was built , but currently the eu might very well plan that public transport in the eu could shift focus more on rails in the future , meaning that one could more easily travel the capitals helsinki - ( tallinn-riga-warsaw ) - berlin with a train instead of flying from helsinki to berlin . 
  not an example from germanic languages , but from latin . 
  the hindi/sanskrit word `` maharaja '' means `` great king '' or something , composed of words `` maha '' , great and `` raja '' , king . 
  the latin equivalent would be `` magnus rex '' , also meaning `` great king '' . 
  the similarity is somewhat distant , but hit me when i was in india and learned that they mean the same thing . 
   that you should have read better . 
  it 's not my fault that you are a complete idiot . 
  ( but that was a hyperbole , so you have no right to claim you were insulted , and if you feel insulted , it only proves that you should have read better to understand that was a hyperbole . ),
