   really ? 
  because i 'm looking at my network traffic and the source code on this page and it looks like that image came from a wikimedia server , not your pc/smartphone/whatever . 
  yet still you could see the image by just clicking the link . 
  you got the information , even though physically it is located in some remote server from both of us . 
  that 's the point of the internet : the movement of information is n't bound to its physical location . 
  * how can you have missed this ? 
  *  are you absolutely sure you did n't just tell me where i could find a picture of asses on that server ? 
  yea . 
  when you look at that picture , you do n't see information where you could find a picture of asses . 
  you see a picture of asses . 
   you include the link , i click it , then my computer loads the image from the server that link points to . 
  you did n't send me any information beyond where to find the image . 
  so , when the image loaded , instead of asses you just got instructions where to find pictures of asses ? 
  when i am giving you a book , and you take it from me , i am not giving you information where to find the information in the book . 
  i am giving you the book which you can then open and get the information . 
  * clicking a link is equivalent of you taking a book i am offering you . 
   sure they are n't . 
  who else is on google searching for bomb-making plans ? 
  google is n't specifically designed to give specifically bomb instructions . 
  it automatically just reacts to whatever keywords given . 
  even though i can google `` kitten pudding rice vinegar superstar fireworks '' and get some results , it does not mean google is specifically designed to provide information about `` kitten pudding rice vinegar superstar fireworks '' . 
   he never provided them with instructions , he told them where they could find publicly-accessible instructions . 
  there 's a pretty big difference there . 
  you seem to live in the 20th century , like those grandpas who believe the internet is somehow less real and providing instructions on the internet is somehow less real than providing them in real life . 
  and you do n't seem to understand that providing links is providing information . 
  when i am linking you [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/somali_wild_ass_pair.jpg ) , i am not telling you where to find a picture of asses . 
  i am linking you directly to a specific information selected by me for you to see . 
  * on the world wide web , links are one of the main formats to send information to others . 
  * when wikipedia has links to other articles , like an article about [ asses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donkey ) , clicking the links do not provide you information where you can find information about asses . 
  clicking that link directly provides you with information about asses . 
  yea , i know . 
  makes it a strange situation when median income people pay around 30 % taxes of their earned income , and the richest who get their income from dividends are taxed the same rate . 
   did you not read the quote you just posted ? 
  `` these guys are pussy keyboard warriors '' clearly demonstrates that he does n't believe they 're actually terrorists . 
  not when you consider this : '' * goldberg also claimed that the meant for the person he was communicating with to either kill himself creating the bomb or , that goldberg intended to warn police in time so that he would receive ` credit for stopping the attack ' * '' . 
  that demonstrates that at least in some point he really did hold it possible someone would commit a terrorist act with his instructions . 
   you 've already said that their motives are n't relevant , the important fact is that google is linking people to bomb-making plans and is therefore a criminal organization by your logic . 
  i said the * hidden * motive of the suspect is not relevant . 
  what is relevant how he perceived the motives of others and how he himself acted in relation to the motives of others . 
  google is n't specifically targeting those links to people they suspect want to commit terrorist acts . 
  google is an automated system which does not have the capability to suspect the motives of others . 
  if google as an organization made a human decision to proactively send to isis all the links considering bomb instructions , guerilla warfare , train and plane timetables and how to utilize weak points of these with a suggestion drafted by google where and when to utilize these things , then google would be actively helping to plan a terrorist act . 
   ok , so since he did n't do 2 and clearly did n't think the person would actually go through with 3 all that 's left is `` suggesting targets for terrorist acts '' . 
  he provided instructions how to make a bomb , so yea , he did give instructions . 
  and as said above , at least in some point he thought the person could commit the act : '' * goldberg also claimed that the meant for the person he was communicating with to either kill himself creating the bomb or , that goldberg intended to warn police in time so that he would receive ` credit for stopping the attack ' * '' . 
   the unabomber also actually bombed people . 
  so what ? 
  he was n't a professional so clearly he 's innocent by your logic . 
   did he think that ? 
  i have a hard time imagining the state being able to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/national/australian-is-jihadist-is-actually-an-jewish-american-troll-20150911-gjk852.html ) '' * goldberg also claimed that he meant for the person he was communicating with to either kill himself creating the bomb or , that goldberg intended to warn police in time so that he would receive ` credit for stopping the attack ' . 
  * '' also in the same article it says '' * mr goldberg had said he did not expect any jihadist to actually carry out an attack because : ` these guys are pussy keyboard warriors ' . 
  * so at the same time he expected someone to build the bomb , and also that he did believe he was communicating with jihadists . 
  his rational that jihadists are `` pussy keyboard warriors '' is n't really a strong defense to overrule the incriminating parts he said . 
  but that will be for the courts to decide . 
   if linking is the same thing as serving , then google even more culpable than he is as i can guarantee you that google serves up those same links to anyone who asks for them . 
  but google does not know of their intentions , deliver the information based on those intentions , nor does google additionally suggest to commit a terrorist act . 
   likewise , if suggesting a target is a crime then half of the right-wing blogosphere is 8 years overdue for a visit with the secret service regarding their indirect threats against the president . 
  it 's the combination of things : suggesting targets for terrorist acts ( 1 ) instructions to do it ( 2 ) specifically to a person who you think has the will to commit such an act ( 3 ) . 
  the crime would be the sum of the parts , not individual parts . 
   so do professional pilots . 
  is there any evidence that this guy ever attempted to make a bomb before ? 
  if not , then why is his ` expertise ' a threat to the free world ? 
  his level of expertise does not matter . 
  unabomber made home made rudimentary bombs . 
  it does not matter what his hidden motives were . 
  he participated in planning with people he thought were real people wanting to commit a terrorist act , his * action * of supplying bomb instructions and suggestions for targets is the crime , not the * motivation * why he did it . 
  and it does not matter that he was n't a professional bomb maker . 
  the guys who flew to wtc towers were n't professional pilots either . 
  they practiced with microsoft flight simulator . 
  well , compared to the richest , yea . 
  one word : gun . 
  just because it is legal to have guns , it is not legal to plan and help others realize a terrorist act utilizing guns . 
  so , you are saying knowingly making and helping plans for a terrorist act should not a crime ? 
  no , because google is n't actively and in a planned manner trying to deliver bomb instructions specifically to terrorists . 
  if google were to act out a plan to deliver usb stick to isis with all kind of bomb making and guerrilla warfare material to isis , then the actions of google would be radical . 
  [ here 's a graph ] ( http://blogi.kansanelakelaitos.fi/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/verokuvio_blogi.jpg ) how much finnish people pay taxes from their total income . 
  you can see that the richer you get , the easier it is for you to pay smaller proportion from your taxes than middle income people . 
  pay cuts in finland are n't really suggested as austerity to save money , but as an internal deflation to lower the cost of workers so economy would grow . 
  so pay cuts alone are not austerity , although they can be a part of austerity . 
  also in spain they have invested in their infrastructure for a long time before the economic crisis , making them one of the world leaders in exporting infrastructure business . 
  akava [ itself says ] ( http://www.akava.fi/akavalainen/ajassa/viikon_luku/keskituloiset_maksavat_yli_puolet_valtion_ansiotuloverosta ) in their original publication of that sheet that it 's about earned income tax to the state , in the very headline of the publication , in the main text of the publication and that 's also the name of the original file . 
  likewise as the title in the sheet itself says `` earned income tax for the state '' and the the bars on the right simply say `` tax to the state '' . 
  ass all the references to the taxes in the main content speak just specifically about ( earned income ) tax to the government , and there is no reference asterisk for the footnote , i doubt the asterisk means they included municipal taxes in those two . 
  rather it seems the image is just a part of some larger power point presentation and the asterisk refers to something not in that sheet . 
  hence the lack of reference asterisk . 
   but this is very concerning indeed because it raises questions whether it is sustainable only as long as high earners bring in dough , i.e. 
  private sector does good . 
  well , i have always had the impression that the point of nordic model is to have mixed economy so that the free market & private sector is efficient in creating additional value which is then utilized to benefit the whole society . 
  but of course the public sector in finland also helps to create additional value , but the salaries of public sector generally just are n't as high as in the private sector . 
  soo , what you are saying that the government assumption that the pay cuts would boost the finnish economy is pretty optimistic , unreasonably so ? 
  i think it applies to several insignificant countries like canada ^ sorry, 
  i would have preferred that finland invests in electricity & energy technology and renewables ( which are booming in the world ) first by increasing internal demand for those via government targets . 
  then we can get an internal market and create businesses which then already have running operations due to internal markets and they could then start exporting their products to eu and the whole world which has a increasing demand for such industries . 
  but no , they had to force the state company fortum to participate along with municipals and rosatom fennovoima so we can make sure we have less business opportunities in the internal market for alternative private energy technologies to grow . 
   as per the status quo we are taking more loans even without any stimulations . 
  which is silly , as taking continuously loans to fill leaking holes of the boat with pieces of paper which dissolve away , instead of taking loans to buy glue to fill the holes . 
   and even worse , if the kick start does n't work ( due to another major recession or continued deflation in the euro zone etc. ), 
  we are left with problems far more severe than today , just to delay the inevitable . 
  well , we can also speculate that the austerity does n't work and we are left with more problems far more severe than today .
