   `` enormous '' was refering to overall spending on self-propagation . 
  visitors centre was just an example . 
  and you claimed the price was 100 million , you presented a false example where the price was five times the actual price . 
  the actual example , 21,6 million euros , is not enormous and can not be taken as an example of `` enormous spending '' . 
  what you are saying is `` americans are really fat !, 
  take for example this american guy . 
  i 'll say that he weights 150kg just to prove my point that americans are really fat , even thought in reality this guy just weights 85kg which is n't that fat '' . 
   `` nobody visits '' was an obvious hyperbole . 
  no , it is n't . 
  being among the top 5 destinations in brussels with 250 000 annual visitors can in no way be exaggerated to the figure of speech `` nobody visits '' . 
  you are just trying to cover up that you simply were wrong . 
   so wasting public money is ok as long as every individual is small relative to some arbitrary whole ? 
  that is just absurd . 
  i did not claim that . 
  i claimed that the amount is not `` enormous '' and that it is not `` wasting '' money . 
   by the way brussels must be very bad at tourism . 
  top tourist destinations of my home city have about 250,000 visitors a year and we are talking about gray city of 50,000 people surrounded by surface coal mines . 
  but you can not claim that `` nobody visits '' the visitor center when it 's among the top attractions of the city . 
  differences between cities/countries tourist amounts vary vastly depending on different things . 
  generally i would think that czech republic is more interesting for tourists than belgium . 
  the word `` propaganda '' has a strong negative association , implying that the message somehow presents disinformation or has an extremely one sided bias to the point of denying other options . 
  calling the visitor center as propaganda is somewhat distorting , as that visitor center does not really present disinformation nor does it have an extremely one sided bias to the point of denying other options . 
  therefore your comment is disinformation and an has extremely one sided bias , as it refuses the possibility of the visitor center is just a visitor center common to public institutions . 
  tl ; dr : your comment is propaganda . 
   i see / u/king _ of_avalon is fine with this , but even according to him this project is way to expensive even if he did n't said that directly . 
  i do n't think he said that even indirectly . 
  he said that the museum was so awesome he would have paid 10 - 15 euros to see it , because it was so awesome . 
   eu waste enormous amounts of money on self-propagation , including 100 milion euro for european parlament visitor centre nobody actually visits . 
  :( as i replied to other user : the budget of the eu is about 100 billion euros . 
  the construction cost of the parliamentarium was ~ 0,02 % of the eu budget , costing 40 cents per eu citizen , and the annual maintenance costs are ~ 0,0036 % of the eu budget or 0,7 cents per eu citizen annually . 
  considering the size of the eu budget and that the parliament is the democratic core of the eu chosen by citizens , and the visitor center parliamentarium is the public face of the parliament , i see the costs of the visitor center negligible , especially considering the symbolic and educational value of a free visitor center . 
  and the visitor center is among the top 5 tourist destinations in brussels , having 250 000 visitors annually so yes , people do want to visit it . 
   yeah , but why should n't there be a small entrance fee ? 
  let those who want to visit the place pay for it . 
  because it 's a public service , like libraries , ( which in finland at least are completely free and completely tax-funded , and i consider that good ) . 
  even the people who never use libraries pay taxes for them . 
   but you went from the parlamentarium to `` why care about the elderly , that does n't turn a profit '' , when nobody was arguing the question of taxes themselves , but rather how the eu chooses to spend quite a bit of money on what some would consider non-essentials . 
  same thing . 
  someone is arguing that the eu is using taxes on a project some consider non-essential . 
  that is why taxes are mandatory . 
  if people were free to choose that `` i will not pay taxes for things i consider non-essential '' it would seriously mess up economics . 
  elderly people is an extreme example demonstrating that even though some things do not generate profit , we still do them because we acknowledge that there are other values than money . 
  same thing with visitor center . 
  it 's not there to make money , but for other values . 
   the eu should inform people how the eu works , but why should they throw millions at a visitors ' centre that allows visitors to `` hear accounts by fellow europeans of what the union means to them '' ? 
  how does that educate about the parliament ? 
  it educates how the actions of the parliament and the eu have an effect on the lives of the eu citizens . 
  the preceding sentence to the quotation you took says `` we take a virtual trip through europe , finding out along the way what contribution the european union has made to each of the member states . '', 
  your characterization anyway is way off . 
  you consciously pick up one small element and ignore everything else and ask `` why should millions be spent on * this * ? '', 
  as if the quote you presented were * the only thing * the parliamentarium has to offer . 
   the parlamentarium only educates those who are in brussels , and those who would visit the eu institutions anyway ; not the rest of the union . 
  well , brussels is the de facto capital of the eu , so if there were an visitor center about the parliament , there 's not much options for other locations . 
  capitals always tend to have the important museums and exhibitions . 
  national museums of history and art , national libraries , national operas , national theaters and such all usually are in the capital . 
  it educates 250 000 people annually , and if that pace keeps up , it educates a million people every four years in a way that is more memorable than some web page or youtube video . 
   let the visitors pay their own entrance fees . 
  if it 's that well-made , it 's worth paying $ 5 to see . 
  it 's worth paying taxes so that everyone can attend it free . 
  the parliament is the core of the democracy of the eu , as it is the only directly elected body of the eu . 
  having a visitor center for the democratic representation of the eu , built with tax money and then demanding people to pay to visit the visitor center of their democratic representation in the eu would just underline the claim that eu is n't that interested about democracy , but profit . 
  the budget of the eu is about 100 billion euros . 
  the construction cost of the parliamentarium was ~ 0,02 % of the eu budget , costing 40 cents per eu citizen , and the annual maintenance costs are ~ 0,0036 % of the eu budget or 0,7 cents per eu citizen annually . 
  considering the size of the eu budget and that the parliament is the democratic core of the eu chosen by citizens , and the parliamentarium is the public face of the parliament , i see the costs of the visitor center negligible , especially considering the symbolic and educational value of a free visitor center . 
  the visitor center cost 21,6 million euros , not 100 million euros . 
   moreover goal of the european parliament is legislature not entertainment . 
  the goal of the european parliament is also to approve budgets together with the council of ministers . 
  this includes budgets that are aimed at entertainment , for example eu funding for european film industry . 
  you can think that for example funding vanity such as youth camps or film industry should be abandoned , but for me cultural and educational values are not vanity . 
   it does n't have to make a profit , just break even so the taxpayers are n't left with the bill is n't the point of taxes to get taxpayers to pay the bills they would not otherwise pay ? 
  is n't that the exact reason taxes are mandatory , not optional ? 
  people would not pay them if it were optional . 
   i suspect a lot of europeans would rather have $ 100 million go towards other `` values '' than eu self-promotion . 
  that 's the case with all taxation . 
  there will always be a lot of people who complain on how the taxes are spent . 
  and about self-promotion . 
  you think the eu should not inform people how the eu works ? 
  the parliament should not educate people on how the parliament operates ? 
  how can the eu educate european citizens without it being labelled as `` self-promotion '' ? 
  the source posted earlier only included the operating cost , and i did n't find any sources on the construction price from there . 
  apparently [ according to this source , page 20 ] ( http://www.google.fi/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0ccyqfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fnewdirectionfoundation.org%2fdocuments%2fpublic%2fattachments%2fending-excess-cutting-the-costs-of-the-european-parliament.pdf&amp;ei=stofvizgd4bmyaoll4l4bg&amp;usg=afqjcnejr-rd8mmhzeskeeq12zkwhtmylw&amp;sig2=pipt_6jb6meexrg_ivl6yq&amp;bvm=bv.75775273,d.bgq&amp;cad=rja ) the cost of the parlamentarium was 21,6 million euros , not 100 million euros . 
  not all things are made for profit . 
  there 's no profit in caring for the elderly , as they are going to die soon anyway . 
  some values can not be measured in money . 
  yep . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/12625/normal_viikki1.jpg ) is around the geographical center of helsinki , which has a population of 600 000 . 
  i 'm gon na get buttrage if scotland votes yes for independence and people in the nordic countries will be like `` oh sure , come here and join us ! '', 
   this just makes the greens and ville niinist\u00f6 seem incredibly stupid . 
  yeah the russians are forcing us to build nuclear energy with their money finlandization is not about being forced to do something , but being afraid to do something and trying to please someone to the point that you force yourself to do something . 
  in this case , afraid to say no to a nuclear energy & weapon state company from a neighboring major power which has just invaded another country and has in the past tried to invade us . 
   when the reactor is built they will demand the 40 % which they own to be moved to russia and when they are splitting the factory it will explode and everyone will die . 
  i also love their other arguments referencing tshernobyl and fukushima , yes the russians plans are 50 years old and finland will be hit by a tsunami some time next year . 
  so , you are just making up straw men about what you claim the greens have said , and then laugh as the arguments of the greens ( which you just invented yourself ) are laughable ? 
   i also love the `` if we build nuclear energy , no one will research greener technologies '' . 
  that argument is bullshit on so many levels that it gives me diarrhea . 
  the profit from inventing and selling greener alternatives wo n't disappear ever if the government would rely more on greener technologies in future , that would create huge amount of domestic demand for greener technologies in finland , and higher domestic demand would create a stronger domestic market , which in turn would be a strong incentive for developing new technologies . 
  the energy policy the government decides to follow does create demands for relevant industry fields , and a energy policy based on greener energy does create larger demand for research on greener technologies . 
  you said this yourself , `` especially not when governments are looking for solutions to global warming '' , implying that the policy governments have does have an effect on the profits of certain markets . 
   the eu already has the 2030 policy framework for climate and energy in the works . 
  yes .
