  it was romulus and remus who moved danube to italy . 
  though bears were still hunted in finland . 
  it 's just that their spirit and remains were treated with great respect . 
  that 's because latin originated from romania , duh !, 
  the wikipedia article had no sense of the size . 
  [ oh wow it is big ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ab/6b/a0/ab6ba0cade0226b1be621ce343c8d9d5--rome-antique-roman-sculpture.jpg ) . 
  trump barely speaks english and uh - his competence - and still he seems to have a fine chat in the background . 
  i 'd argue that european forests were doing a lot better like 3000 years ago when the european plain was covered by primeval forests , before population boom in europe . 
  nuclear power is n't renewable . 
  new uranium does n't grow in ground . 
  we have plenty of resources for nuclear power , but it 's simply not renewable . 
   well ... we humans do n't have the capacity to plant primeval forests , by definition . 
  true , but a comparable thing is * old growth forest * , which is an ecosystem like primeval forest , but perhaps has been logged like 500 years ago , which is enough time for the forest to reach a state comparable to primeval forests , if there are rich ecosystems like national parks around to supply lost species back . 
  for example in southern finland , 25 % of forest species have gone extinct due to forestry , even though even southern finland is very forested . 
  i would like to drink more . 
  well , the truth is it is not an oxymoron , since same sex marriage already exists in several countries and jurisdictions covering over a billion people . 
  you have no option but to admit that same sex marriage exists already . 
   civil unions may as well exists , i do n't really care , but i do n't see any reason to call same-sex relationships a marriage . 
  equality . 
  it 's akin to having women and men being legally equal , but by law women are called `` persons '' and men are referred only as `` males '' , and it is illegal to refer to men as persons . 
  sure , they have identical rights , but the choice of words also reflects values of the society . 
  or if marriages including non-white people were annulled and instead replaced with `` registered partnerships '' with identical legal rights , and only unions between white people would be called `` marriages '' . 
  that also sends a message about how the society values different races differently . 
  that is the reason to call same-sex unions marriages : because they are just as valuable as opposite sex marriages . 
  why ? 
  what would it affect to your life if same sex marriage were legal ? 
   still , please allow others to decide for themselves how to call certain partnerships . 
  then why do n't you allow it ? 
  why do n't you allow same sex couples * themselves * to decide what to call * their * relationship , but want to decide it * for them * by banning them calling their official relationship a marriage ? 
  '' * black people are not equal to white people and there is no problem here , unless you make one . 
  so you would not be against banning marriage and registered partnerships with opposite sex and only legalizing same-sex marriage and same sex partnerships ? 
  because straight people could still have a marriage and partnership , just with the same sex , right ? 
  no wonder you can not into nordic . 
   that mentality is doing you and your cause a lot more harm than good . 
  there is a difference between awareness and spamming from what i 've seen , the people who complain about spamming and homosexual agenda being all over the place are the people who mostly are opposed to lgbt rights any way . 
  so their view about `` this causes more harm than good '' is nothing else but an attempt to silence those you do n't like by arguing it 's not good for them . 
  i 've seen this happen so much , so much . 
  and still the countries with the most visible presence of lgbt people and issues are most tolerant towards lgbt minorities . 
  i mean , in russia pro-lgbt communication is illegal . 
  you do n't see russia being a safe haven for lgbt people , right ? 
  dude , it 's pride season . 
  this is comparable to posting different christmas things about europe during christmas season . 
  i would make a bold claim that it 's not the whole argument , but that there are other arguments such as : 1 . 
  homosexuality is against religion . 
  marriage is for having children , and same sex couples are unable to have children together . 
  homosexuality is unnatural , it 's a mental illness and it should not be allowed as a normal thing . 
  homosexuals are bad parents . 
  there are many more , as there are many people against same-sex marriage . 
  but i would also claim that your argument is silly , as your argument could as well be used to claim there should be no legal equality for same sex couples , as enforcing domestic lgbt laws would deepen bigotry and opposition to them . 
  which obviously is n't true in countries where lgbt equality has progressed due to government enforcing laws . 
  rich white man killing small endangered animal . 
   it just happens to be same word as path . 
  it 's not that `` it just happens '' , as both are derived from `` polkea '' . 
  polku is a route which has been visibly stamped ( poljettu ) to the ground . 
  and oh yeah to this :  and since one of the basic aims of the marriage is to create a stable environment for having and raising children it 's naturally heterosexual institution and legal privilege . 
  if you believe that , you have to take into consideration this : ** same sex couples already have children ** , much in the same way sterile heterosexual couples have children : either by donated semen , surrogate pregnancies or via adoption . 
  and if you believe the stable environment created by marriage is beneficial for the children , then ** by refusing marriage from same sex couples you are denying a beneficial stable environment for their children . 
  you are punishing children due to the sexuality of their parents . 
  ** why do you want to oppress children ? 
    ... says someone who defends the right of muhammad to have sex with a 9-year old girl for the sake of traditional marriage . 
    i 've never said such thing . 
  you said lgbt advocates are attacking social norms and traditions as if it were a bad thing . 
  if you think attacking social norms and traditions , especially considering marriage is a bad thing , you have no choice but to defend the actions of muhammad . 
  which is it ? 
  why do you refuse to take a stance on what muhammad did ? 
    your claim about homosexuals being infertile is simply false . 
    again - i 've never said such thing you said , and i quote : '' *** also - they 're infertile by nature , they 're physically unable to make babies and this is the rule , not an exception *** '' . 
    to you marriage is just about man shooting his semen inside a woman , instead of them loving each other and wanting to commit to each other   and again - i 've never said such thing . 
  you never mentioned love . 
  ** the only basis for marriage and sexuality you keep bringing up is having biological children . 
  the way this happens with humans is males shooting semen inside females . 
  **  i do n't see the point of further discussion with you if you do n't even try to understand what i 'm saying , and accuse me of saying things i 've never said . 
  bye says someone who repeatedly ignores questions targeted at him . 
  it only demonstrates you do n't even have solid arguments , as you are afraid to anwser questions about your arguments . 
   the basic nature of sexuality is giving life to the next generation . 
  the basic nature of sexuality is to do pleasurable thing with your genitals and other body parts to get sexual gratification . 
  animal kingdom is full of non-reproductive sex , and likewise majority of human sexuality does not aim for reproduction . 
  when you masturbate or have sex with a condom , is the basic nature of that behavior to give life to the next generation ? 
  of course not . 
  the basic nature of masturbation or having protected sex is to do pleasurable things . 
   also - human sexuality is by it 's nature complementary , man and woman complete each other . 
  this is biological fact it 's not a biological fact . 
  a biological fact is that man and woman having sex cause reproduction . 
  to claim this is `` completing '' being a male or a female is assigning moral values to something which is an amoral natural phenomena . 
  to claim that a man is not complete unless he has sex with a woman is simply ridiculous and you can not base that in nature . 
   this is biological fact , but heterosexual complementarity obviously goes beyond biology - men and women complete each other emotionally , mentally , socially even spiritually . 
  please provide credible sources how it `` obviously '' goes beyond biology ? 
  please provide sources which make it impossible for two men or two women to complete each other emotionally , mentally , socially or even spiritually ? 
  oh yea , you can not provide sources for such claims , as you are making this up as you go just to justify your stance against minorities . 
   the latter goes against the very nature of human sexuality , two women , nor two men complete each other sexually , they ca n't even have proper sex , since their sexual organs do n't fit each other . 
  because the very nature of human sexuality is to do sexually pleasuring things , then two women and two men can complete each other sexually . 
  and your claim about how homosexual sex is not `` proper sex '' is like saying chopstick are n't proper utensils because neither of them is a fork or a knife . 
  what you claim is `` proper sex '' is just your personal view of what sex should be . 
  it 's like conservatives saying '' * proper sex happens only in missionary position , only aims for reproduction , not for pleasure , and happens under the sheets in the dark . 
  proper sex has no oral sex , no kissing , no sex toys , nothing , because those do not aim for reproduction * '' . 
   also - they 're infertile by nature , they 're physically unable to make babies and this is the rule , not an exception - unlike for heterosexual couples , which are fertile by nature . 
  uh , agains you seem to have skipped biology classes . 
  being homosexual does not make you infertile . 
  in finland almost one percent of births are by women in same sex relationships . 
  also a homosexual male politican in finland also has a biological child .
