  i 'm arguing that neutrality is not a guarantee for safety , but it * decreases * the risk of being a target of foreign military aggression , * increasing * safety . 
  this is not an uncommon view in finland . 
   i do n't think nato will force sovereign countries to join nato , but it does n't matter if russians believe so . 
  joining nato on those grounds is a lot of `` ifs '' and `` coulds '' and `` maybes '' . 
  and the result would be that we make those `` ifs '' and `` coulds '' and `` maybes '' true ourselves and we would be a member of nato , and a target of russian aggression towards nato during russia-nato war . 
  catch 22 . 
   during the cold war the nato plan was to nuke finland in case of the soviet attack on europe . 
  maybe they are softer these days . 
  well , finland did have the mutual cooperation and assistance treaty with the ussr , allowing in some situations the ussr to use finnish territory during a war with western powers , and the ussr did advertise it as a military alliance to western powers , so in that sense it is understandable nato had plans to nuke finland . 
  it would have been foolish for nato to not have plans for that kind of scenario . 
  neutral in respect to nato , not neutral in respect to eu . 
  if we are talking about nato membership , it 's valid to say in that respect finland is neutral . 
  and as eu does n't have a solid common foreign policy nor common defense forces , eu is n't that much of a military threat to russia . 
  russia views nato as it 's foremost military threat , not eu . 
   well ... if there is a hypothetical situation where russia and nato are at war , and finland is neutral , russians can decide that finland will be forced to join to the nato side anyway ( even if they do n't want to ) , and it 's better to have a nice pre-emptive strike there before that happens . 
  i seriously doubt nato will force sovereign countries to join nato against their will . 
  that 's just out there . 
  secondly , were finland a member of nato , russia would have even more reasons to fear nato presence in finland , and more reasons for aggression against finland , as finland would n't be `` maybe perhaps an ally/tool of nato '' but `` a member of nato '' . 
   or nato will decide that russians will force finland to their side anyway ( even if they do n't want to ) , so it 's better to neutralize the threat before it happens . 
  i seriously also doubt that nato would invade finland based on `` maybe perhaps russia will establish a base there '' . 
   however , nato finland would n't be safe in that situation either . 
  yea , and one of the common views is that finland would be at greater risk . 
   they could ( or the other party ) decide to `` neutralize '' the grey area for good before the other party gets it as a base or something . 
  why would finland , as a neutral country , allow a nato base in finnish territory ? 
  and are you also implying that if finland will not join nato , nato would pre-emptively invade finland and establish a military base here ? 
  also , if the worry is that russia would neutralize finland because of a potential nato base here , would n't joining nato make a nato base even more likely , and thus increase the desire of russia to neutralize finland ? 
   staying neutral is good , but if russia is at war with sweden , then it would want to pass through finland , or make sure that sweden does n't pass through finland . 
  why would sweden be in war with russia ? 
  sweden is neutral too . 
  sweden is n't a member of nato . 
   that 's because russia did n't trust finland when finland claimed they would be neutral . 
  well , only two decades earlier finland wanted to establish a german monarchy in finland , and in the finnish civil war the pro-german whites supported by germany won the pro-socialist reds supported by russia . 
  it was n't that far fetched fear . 
   history is a giant fuck you to neutral parties who are caught in the middle of giants . 
  many see that it might be much worse to be the front line of the giant than a neutral party between giants . 
  the border of finland would be the longest single border of a nato country with russia , making finland a front line in a war between nato and russia . 
  the only other borders currently are norway , estonia and latvia , which are dwarfed by the finnish-russian border . 
   why would the probability of russia attacking a neutral , neighbouring country be lower than russia attacking nato ? 
  because a neutral country is less of a threat than nato . 
   even if russia would attack nato , that would mean they were preparing for total war anyway , they 're not going to leave finland alone in that case . 
  but as finland would not be used by nato , in a war with nato russia would have less interest in neutral finland than nato finland . 
  it does n't mean russia would leave finland alone , but rather that in a russia-nato war russia would have less interest in finland if finland were neutral . 
  in a russia-nato war russia would have much more interest in finland , as it would be additional 1300km border with nato . 
   no , it was the treaty that triggered the mess . 
  yea , because that treaty was a sign that the government is pro-european . 
  a pro-european integration government in ukraine is a threat to the crimean naval base lease . 
   crimea was n't even under discussion , it was just an excuse - they never used the naval base as an excuse . 
  their excuse was the locals wishing to join russia . 
   they have a military base there , they could grab it at any time should kiev eventually want to stop the lease . 
  and that 's exactly what they did . 
  they grabbed crimea before the pro-european kiev would stop the lease . 
   no , it proves that saying `` i 'm neutral '' does n't stop soldiers . 
  i did n't say that 's what people believe , rather that saying `` i 'm neutral '' makes it the threat * lower * : `` some say that when finland remains neutral , the threat of russia is actually lower , so remaining neutral is better for the defense . '', 
   neutrality status does not protect . 
  a defensive alliance does . 
  depends completely on the situation . 
  there are no universal laws for these things . 
   besides , finland is n't neutral . 
  it 's an eu member ... and as i wrote , some see that as sufficient alliance : `` considering eu as a economic unit , invasion to finland would be an invasion towards the largest economy in the world , so many see that in this respect finland is n't neutral anymore , but that the economic and political union with other eu countries makes a strong alliance already . '', 
   ukraine got attacked for intending to sign an association treaty with the eu . 
  no one knows the exact reasons for the attack , but more likely is that they got attacked because russia has a naval base on crimea on lease from ukraine , and a after the euromaidan revolution a new pro-eu government is a threat to that lease , risking the existence of the crimean naval base and as such , the military presence of russia in the black sea . 
  russia has n't aimed its invasion towards kiev , but rather to eastern parts of ukraine which secure the black sea connection for russia . 
  if someone does better than you , instead of wishing you would do as well as they do , you wish they would do as bad as you do . 
  our country can not do anything right , we are ashamed of how we handle things , our accent in english , our cuisine , our culture , our everything , sorry for everything , but we are one of the best countries in the world . 
  does n't that sort of give more credence to the view that staying neutral is good ? 
  joining nato would be a declaration from finland it 's not neutral anymore , instead of outside actors deciding finland is not neutral . 
  it 's like finland deciding for the outside actors that finland suddenly is n't neutral . 
  i 'm not familiar with the history of belgium . 
  could you expand ? 
  i do n't think it 's that much about relying on military defense from the eu , but rather the political and economic power the eu has , thinking that russia does not want to invade eu because of its political and economic consequences , whatever they might be . 
   finland could n't realistically defend itself . 
  and the balts are part of nato , so they have security guarantees finland is lacking . 
  to my understanding , the military doctorine of finland is n't that finland will be able to defend itself from invasion/occupation , but rather make an invasion/occupation such a costly burden to russia that it 's not worth it . 
  so finland would lose eventually , but the goal is to inflict as much damage as possible to the invader before that happens . 
  likewise many finns do n't really believe nato members would really bother to protect finland in levels needed , finland being a small and remote country . 
  also , one view is that being a member of nato would actually make russia a greater threat to finland , as finland would be then a part of an opposing military block . 
  some say that when finland remains neutral , the threat of russia is actually lower , so remaining neutral is better for the defense . 
  and as finland is already a part of the eu and eurozone , many see that as sufficient safety guarantee . 
  many see it unlikely that russia would invade the same economic and currency zone as countries like germany and france . 
  eu is quite closely knit economic union , so it would n't be just an invasion towards finland . 
  considering eu as a economic unit , invasion to finland would be an invasion towards the largest economy in the world , so many see that in this respect finland is n't neutral anymore , but that the economic and political union with other eu countries makes a strong alliance already . 
  i do n't know if it 's a coincidence or actual compound word , but puutiainen can be undestood as puu-tiainen , or wood - [ tit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tit_%28bird%29 ) . 
  yes , eu citizens are entitled to the minimum welfare if they have permanent residence here . 
  there are limitations on getting student or unemployment welfare though . 
  minimum welfare is what you get if you have no other income at all . 
  the catch is that the minimum welfare has to be applied every month with the necessary paperwork filled every month and the bureaucracy is known to be like hell already in finnish language . 
  and naturally getting a flat without any kind of job is n't easy . 
  so it 's not like someone can just move to finland and get a flat and start applying welfare . 
  usually the flats go to those who have a permanent job or are studying . 
  if you are foreigner and unemployed getting a flat in finland is extremely difficult , unless you are planning to move somewhere remote . 
  yea the finnish constitution states no one should be treated differently based on their origin without an `` acceptable reason '' and that everyone is entitled to minimum social welfare . 
  it is highly unlikely that dislike of migration or cost reasons would be seen as `` acceptable reasons '' to treat finnish citizens differently based on their origin . 
  i think the earlier one can not perhaps described as `` russian '' , as the concept had n't really emerged , and among rus people were the ancestors belorussians and ukrainians . 
  better would be `` slavic attacks against estonia '' . 
  that would require a change in constitution though , which i think is very unlikely . 
   that is why some wood are left to rot . 
  mainly some insects require this and we , at least in sweden , have managed to greatly increase their numbers . 
  yea , but i 'm talking about finland . 
    my sources are in finnish , but here you go :  you must see how that is of no value to me . 
  yea , it is unfortunate , but it 's not my fault so much of the information about finland is written in finnish .
