  still , being gay is legal in tunisia . 
  it 's illegal to have homosexual sex . 
  asking someone to have gay sex is asking someone to break the law , and can also be against the law . 
  you ask why am i debate about something i do n't have information . 
  may i ask why do you make a claim he was * being gay * '' then ? 
  eurovision is a competition where supporters and critics of the most popular acts argue about what is * the true purpose * of eurovision and how other people voted wrong . 
  no as far as i remember . 
  they even had to change the lottery to a commercial channel from yle because lottery is organized by another state company ( which has the monopoly on lottery ) and they deemed it is advertising to have a lottery organized by a company as a tv-program . 
  there 's a difference , like wanting to use drugs and using drugs . 
  it 's not illegal to want to use drugs , but it largely is illegal to use drugs . 
   i 'd go with croatia example and say that they may , in every mean , forget there 's something called the constitution . 
  it can not be forgotten , because every other law is subordinate to a constitution . 
   there was the succesful referendum campaign which resulted that sentence `` marriage is the union of man and woman . '', 
  must be presented in croatian constitution . 
  that 's fucking all . 
  and in the same way , fucking no way , that is related to anything else in real world . 
  yes it is related , because it makes the legislative change to approve same sex marriages even more difficult , because it raises the bar for the needed parliamentary approval . 
  the constitution must be changed in order the same sex marriages to be approved . 
   absolutely different thing is , for example , poorly law of marriage unions that our ministry wished to force but it did n't pass constitutional court . 
  i must ask for clarification . 
  what is `` poorly law of marriage unions '' ? 
   and again , who may and would forbid you to call a gay couple to be in a `` homosexual marriage '' ? 
  if the constitution says that a marriage is between man and a woman , a homosexual marriage should also be between a man and a woman , which kind of defeats the purpose of same sex marriage . 
  ( and i 'm not talking about adoption , just about marriage . ), 
  he was n't jailed for being gay , but for having gay sex . 
   i 'm criticising irrelevant `` marriage definition in the constitution '' to be included here as `` the final frontier '' . 
  actually it 's somewhat relevant , because constitutions commonly need higher approval from parliaments , and marriage definition in constitution makes it more difficult for lgbt people to campaign for marriage , as they have to campaign for a change in * the constitution * , not just in * the normal law * . 
  an extreme form , but theoretically possible would be that the constitution defines marriage as man-woman , bans changing of that piece of constitution , defining that part is to be forever and adds a punishment of life sentence to anyone who votes for a change in that part of constitution . 
  when inequity is coded * in the constitution * instead of being just a lack of normal laws , it is a more fundamental problem and merits being in the `` worst '' part . 
  the lgbt community is a tiny fraction . 
  like if 2 % of the general population people are lgbt people , and out of those only a fraction identify as lgbt and are part of the community , and out of those only a fraction liked wurst , it 's really like under 1 % of the general population . 
  the lgbt community alone really does not have such an influence on the voting . 
  do n't forget the jewish israeli transgender woman dana international who won in the 90 's !, 
   you 're naive to think that finland is going to do well because of their song . 
  it 's not like finland usually even has realistic hopes of winning . 
  we are mostly losers , so what 's the harm sending just something different ? 
  other options generally are bland pop that you forget like an odorless fart . 
  we have no chances to do well with other songs either , so what 's the harm in sending something out of the ordinary , something new ? 
  finland can afford to experiment , as we do n't have anything to lose . 
   it 's going to be pity and `` oh we 're so tolerant '' votes . 
  how the hell is it `` oh we 're so tolerant '' votes if the voting is done privately via phone ? 
  as someone other said in another thread , people could act all tolerant and liberal and still vote for necrohitler666 with the song `` gas the juice '' as their favorite . 
  and besides , how can a punk band with disabilities ever be popular , if all the appreciation the get is always labelled as pity ? 
  could it even be possible that * finns actually like them * ? 
  it 's like a taboo for people with disabilities to achieve something and get praise . 
  like if they achieve something we must not praise them because it would automatically be pity ? 
  achievements of disabled people do n't deserve praise ? 
  of course not literally * every european * is watching it , but eurovision is one of the most watched ( non-sport ) tv program in the world . 
  hundreds of millions of people watch it . 
  well , it 's not like finns voted pnk thinking '' * this will bring viewers to tv channels abroad and increase their revenue !, 
  no , it borders the [ ural mountains ] ( http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/41/89941-050-51b0953d.gif ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  the original report does not define the different categories . 
  it might take it into account or might not . 
   i do n't give a fuck how you want to define scandinavian , just do the courtesy of keeping it consistent . 
  so , you expect everyone who excludes finland from scandinavia to be of the save hive mind and thus , consistent with each other ? 
  there are several definitions of scandinavia , depending on the language . 
  the nordic definition broadly is `` north-germanic ethnic area centered on the scandinavian peninsula '' . 
  in english language the definition commonly is the same as `` nordic countries '' or sometimes `` sweden , norway , denmark & finland '' . 
  some define `` scandinavian '' as all nordics descendant of norse people , this including sweden , norway , denmark , iceland & faroese islans . 
  there are conflicting definitions and different people think of different definitions . 
  you can not and should not expect everyone have the same view and accuse person a of being `` intellectually dishonest '' because person b used a different definition of scandinavia . 
  you are being intellectually dishonest if you suppose all the people who exclude finland of scandinavia have a common hive mind and are intellectually responsible for each others opinions and knowledge . 
  no one is making any arguments like that . 
  you are yourself seeing some non-existent racial motivations behind the usage of the term `` scandinavian '' . 
  scandinavian is a similar term to `` finnic '' . 
  finns , estonians , karelians & livonians are finnic people , but the sami people are not , even though related . 
  danes , norwegians & swedes are scandinavian people , but icelandic are not , even though related . 
  you would n't call danes `` finnic '' would you ? 
  then why call finns scandinavian ? 
  heck , as a finn i also point out that finland is n't scandinavian , or used to until i figured the rest of the world wants to have it wrong way . 
  i still think it is wrong to say finland a scandinavian country , but have given up trying to change that . 
  there 's nothing `` racial '' in that . 
  it 's just the same as finland would be referred continuously as a baltic state , which actually means estonia , lithuania & latvia . 
  it 's just wrong . 
  i like the bottom ones !, 
  they seem so ... familiar !, 
  since forever ? 
  the same in finland . 
  after finland being east sweden for 600 years , sweden is now our biggest friendly rival , and we try to be better than them at everything , even in hockey . 
  it 's common even in our news to report `` while here in finland we do it like this , * look how sweden does it !, 
  ooh !, 
  random selection has the problem than the selected have no strong democratic responsibility . 
  since they were randomly selected in the first place , and the next parliament will also be randomly selected , they do n't have to care about their popularity . 
  they can do stuff that pisses of the people , and it does not matter if they are super-unpopular , as they are n't getting to the next parliament any way . 
  elections have the benefit that the politicians have to do things that please the people , or they will not be elected again . 
  randomly selected people do n't have to please the people . 
  they can all raise their representative salary +1000 % and not give a shit . 
  whoa , i 'm surprised you have only one green representative in the parliament . 
  are the green politics strong in other parties , or are green politics so disrespected because of you have oil and whaling , and green politics supposedly oppose them ? 
  even more so considering one of the main arguments used to support the power plant was `` we need to get rid of our dependence on russian energy '' . 
  i was talking about what sound the * finnish * y is like . 
  not what the ipa y is like . 
  the ipa use of symbols differs considerably from how normal latin alphabets are used . 
  for example no language uses : to mark a double vowel . 
  so the finnish y still is the same as d * ew * and f * ew * . 
  ipa would write them * dju : * and * fju : * but finnish would write them * djyy * and * fjyy * . 
  edit : wikipedia also lists english few having the ipa vowel y : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/close_front_rounded_vowel, 
  the commission nomination has getting closer to this system . 
  as the lisbon treaty dictates that the commission must reflect the result of the parliamentary elections , the parliamentary groups each named their own candidate for the commission president before the parliamentary elections , and in the end majority of the parliamentary groups supported juncker .
