  but in my opinion , the troika is at least entitled to be more open in negotiations if the stance of greek government comes from a national referendum instead of just the government deciding it . 
   neither ; we fully respect greece to decide however they like , for what i care they can roll a dice for it . 
  but you do n't get a better deal just because you did it democratically but you are entitled to better negotiations , in my opinion . 
  if the referendum has no influence on how the troika handles the negotiations , then democracy has no influence on the troika , and we see how democracy does not matter as it is claimed to matter . 
   finally ; one county voting is n't democracy on eu level . 
  an eu vote is is democracy on eu level . 
  but eu is n't a single nation , but consists of several member states who still have strong national sovereignty . 
  just because some member state is part of the eu and eurozone , it does not mean that all their sovereignty should be removed . 
  the eu does not have the legal competence for that , as the member states have not agreed to that kind of democracy . 
  the lisbon treaty does not acknowledge an eu wide vote which could be used to force greek government to accept the offer . 
  if you want to change that , it would require consent from every eu country , including greece . 
   if the rich voted between themselves that they did n't need to pay taxes would that be a strong bargaining chip ? 
  well , the rich * do * tend to vote for parties who support their cause , both in national elections and eu parliamentary elections , so the rich already have bargaining chips in national and eu parliaments : their own representatives . 
  it 's not like the eu has banned rich people from voting . 
   the voice of a referendum must be heard . 
  well , as long as there are no national referendums in other euro zone countries about the issue , there are no other referendums to be heard than the greek one . 
  if there would be 18 other referendums on what greece should do , then of course it would be a very strong bargain chip for the commission . 
  but there is n't , so now the referendum is a bargaining chip for greece . 
   the answer is though public opinion in all countries is greece should accept the reforms or leave . 
  the issue also being that there is no legal way to expel greece from euro without the consent of greece , and there is no way to expel greece from eu without the consent of greece . 
  so even though other countries would say `` do what we want or get out of eu and euro '' , it is n't legally possible without the consent of greece . 
  so the only way to get greece out of euro is for troika to artificially make the life of greece so difficult within euro zone that greece has no other option than to ask for grexit . 
  this in my opinion is kind of like blackmailing , something which i see strongly against the values of the eu expressed in the lisbon treaty and the charter of fundamental rights of the eu . 
  what i also see as ridiculous that partly the troika is also responsible for the shit in greece , and at the same time eu is now thinking of giving unconditional humanitarian aid to greece in case of worst case scenario . 
  where is this unconditional humanitarian care when negotiating about the reforms and their effect on the people of greece ? 
  the referendum in the family does not change your rent or supply cost , but it is something you have agreed to give weight to and respect more than decisions made just by the head of the family . 
  you have agreed to it and based you business on the principle of valuing and respecting referendums , also within families , so the family should have a stronger bargaining chip if the entire family decides to haggle , instead of just the head of the family making the decision . 
  if you do n't give any more weight to the fact one family makes the decision to haggle together , your claimed respect for collective decision making in the families loses it 's worth and it is revealed that you do n't really respect the values you have claimed to respect . 
  so you either stay true to your words that you respect and value and give weight the family making decisions together , or you admit that all that talk about giving respect , value and more weight to collective decisions was just phony talk . 
  so the referendum is a strong bargaining chip because the lisbon treaty , the fundamental basis for the eu states in the very beginning :  ** the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights [ ... ] these values are common to the member states ** and :  ** every citizen shall have the right to participate in the democratic life of the union . 
  decisions shall be taken as openly and as closely as possible to the citizen . 
  ** now , if the eu does not give any more weight to the fact that the greek government decides to make the decision more democratically openly and closer to the citizens via national referendum ( instead of just having the government of greece decide ) then it shows that the eu does not respect the democratic rights , dignity and freedom of eu citizens of a member state as it claims . 
  so either eu has to admit it does n't value and respect democracy as much as it claims to value and respect it ( a blow to the reputation of the eu ) , or then greece has a strong bargaining chip . 
  because you as a shop owner have legally based your shop on the principle that you respect and give more weight and influence to wishes , opinions and demands decided by the customers collectively . 
  and at the same time you as a shopkeeper want the family to be your customers , so yea . 
  there 's a term for that in shops : bargaining or haggling . 
  it 's relatively common n several countries . 
  also france and germany prevented the check on the greek economic records when some eu officials found them suspicious in 2004 . 
  for comparison , here are some questions from the equivalent finnish exams : - -1 . 
  some philosophers solve problems , others are interested in systems . 
  some are ethic philosophers , others ponder the structure of the world . 
  think about which group you belong to and describe your views about philosophy and important philosophical problems . 
  a sceptic underlines the erring nature of human . 
  many of our beliefs are erroneus . 
  people believe in strange theories and they have erroneous impressions which are hard to get rid of . 
  what causes these errors and intellectual mistakes and how can one avoid them ? 
  enlighten your thoughts with examples . 
  utilitarianism is the most importat one of consequentialistic theories . 
  among its developers are jeremy bentham and john stuart mill . 
  however john rawles and alasdair macintyre opposed utilitarianism . 
  a ) why is it important to think of the consequences in ethics ? 
  b ) why is it difficult to evaluate the consequences in ethics ? 
  many situations in life are dramatic and feel challencing . 
  for example in the play of euripides , `` iphigenia in aulis '' the king agamemnon leaving to the trojan war has to sacrifice his daughter iphigenia to please the god arthemis in order to change the winds to help the navy . 
  perhaps the sacrifice is justified in this case . 
  some situations on the other hand are mundae , like should mary tell lisa that lisas boyfriend is deceitful . 
  in philosophy , these situations have been formulated into dilemmas where the person has only bad choices . 
  some philosophers have claimed that these kind of dilemmas might be interesting with their logic , but they do not matter in respect to ethics . 
  they say that in real life , there are no pure dilemmas . 
  what is your stance on these claims ? 
  according to classical definition , knowledge is a justified true belief . 
  a ) why is this definiton ill suited for scientific knowledge ? 
  b ) what is a good scientific definition of knowledge ? 
  the pre-socratic philosopher heraclitus stated that everything flows and no man ever steps in the same river twice . 
  what kind of philosophical world view do these claims represent ? 
  alltogether there were 10 questions out of one could choose six . 
  well technically they still are valid money and one can still pay with them in finland . 
  when the euros were introduced there were these coin sets with all the coins people could buy , and 1c & 2c coins came into circulation from those i think . 
  naturally what comes to mind is influenced by the history . 
  for finns what comes to mind from `` defending your country '' would be an invasion into our territory ( by russia ) , whereas i would assume most americans would not think an invasion into their territory , like mexico invading the us , but rather think about fighting anti-american terrorists in the middle east . 
  i think it 's because of the winter war we have accustomed to see a strong defense policy necessary for our independence . 
  our independence day in practice is centered on the veterans who defended our independence from soviet invasion in wwii . 
  only in recent years has the discussion opened up a bit . 
  yes , that too . 
  my thought being that even though many people would be happy to see putin somehow face retribution in case of invasion , in practice the war would be killing people who have been misled or forced by putin-led government to fight in the war . 
  i think it 's the synergy of conscription and history . 
  switzerland does not have such a recent history of war . 
  conscription combined with the recent history creates greater willingness than history or conscription alone . 
  i bet many people would be happy to do that , but instead we would be forced to shoot russian men who have been led to believe , by the putin-controlled media and rhetorics , that what they are doing is right . 
  it 's a sad price , but shit happens . 
  there 's also the difference that finland has mandatory conscription with majority of men having military training . 
  in this respect finland belongs into a minority in western countries . 
  and yea , the history of wars also has a huge influence . 
  the winter war is such an important part of our history that our independence day for a large part revolves around the winter war and veterans who defended the independence . 
  much less is our independence day about the events of 1917 , as the independence itself in the midst of the russian revolution was a rather painless achievement and what soon followed was a bloody civil war in finland . 
  so defending the country from invasion is quite strongly associated with the very core of our independence , whereas other countries might not have had kind of history . 
  seriously , how come no one commented how this is an ideal situation for a modern indiana jones movie ? 
  isis instead of nazis !, 
  `` this belongs to a museum ! '', 
  some wrath of allah that destroys the bad isis guys in the end !, 
  well , if it were completely legal to show your dick in public , then sure , you can do it if you want . 
  kind of like women are allowed to be topless in public in new york . 
  if people want to keep their sexuality private , maybe they should n't have weddings and announce their relationships on facebook and walk hand to hand with each other in public . 
  you fail to realize that except for a minority , people * de facto * do not keep their sexuality private . 
   if i do n't want to keep my dick private , does that mean i should wave it in public ? 
  but it means that you would like to wave it in public . 
  so if you want to make your dick public , then perhaps you should go to nudist beaches or join a nudist community . 
  i have nothing against that . 
  the difference with your dick and sexuality is that it is illegal to wave your dick in public , whereas it is legal to make your sexuality public . 
  so your analogy does not hold , except in mentioned nudist beaches .
