  but you should n't ignore science according to presumed bias of the researchers . 
  you should demonstrate the bias and that it affected the results . 
   well interestingly , that line that you seem to be taking offense to was written by a super-flamboyantly gay man . 
  well let 's change that to lesbiaphobic . 
  gay men also can be sexist . 
   you can google the studies , about 80-90 % of social scientists self identify as liberal . 
  so what ? 
  being liberal , as opposed to conservatism , does not start from the premise that `` old things are good '' , which is a silly unfounded premise . 
  rather being liberal has it 's foundation in liberal and humanistic ideas of equality , human rights and freedom . 
  that 's actually a well planned city and the buildings themselves are n't commie blocks . 
  we call them little/small christmas , the archetypical ritual being married man fucking a female co-worker on the copymachine . 
  i would say new years eve is 4 . instead of id6 . 
  independence day is mostly people being home and watching television , not that festive as the other celebrations . 
  from finland : [ kouvola ] ( http://media.riemurasia.net/albumit/mmedia/r/en2/518t/195835/1347640137.jpg ) [ merihaka , helsinki ] ( http://www.toinenlinja.fi/photos/web/01/01497_merihaka.jpg ) [ hervanta , tampere ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/31621111.jpg ), 
  and for the record : i 'm too christmasy for this shit right now . 
   the data is useless and you just admitted that . 
  uh , no i did n't . 
  just because a couple raising a child is unmarried does not mean the data from the upbringing is useless . 
  why on earth would it be useless ? 
  it 's not like the child does not exist just because their parents are unmarried . 
   so you are invalidating study because it 's merely 15 years old ? 
  no , i 'm saying there 's more recent reviews on methodology and their validity , and i qutoed them . 
   without any kind of refute to their findings about statisticals errors that are common in psychology and have not been addressed even in the latest research ? 
  the methodology part did n't speak anything about statistical errors . 
  that 's your invention . 
  it only talked about limited sample size , which is not a statistical error . 
   the new studies that support your viewpoint also suffer from the exact same problems , such as small population size ( which , as i said , is deemed unacceptable for any hard sciences ) and these concerns are just swept under the rug by the researchers . 
  these researchers are professionals of the field . 
  you are not . 
  why should i trust some anonymous person on reddit more than professionals ? 
  seconly , the difference between hard and soft sciences does not mean soft sciences are useless . 
  soft sciences are the only way we can research these issues . 
  if you want to refuse the validity of all soft sciences , you have to ignore a huge amount of human knowledge . 
  and if you are willing to ignore soft sciences for the sake that you can maintain that same sex parenting is bad , it tells a lot about your values and ideology . 
   you try to redirect the discussion on my scientific ineptitude and resort to argument from authority . 
  if you are willing to ignore references to science as the fallacy `` argument from authority '' , i do n't know is there much sense talking to you . 
  like if i were to discuss with a creationists , and i would present scientific evidence , the discussion would n't really be worthwhile if the creationist ignores the scientific arguments as a fallacy of argument from authority . 
   this part , a recent study , validates my claims that the small-size research is unscientific no , it does n't . 
  small sample size does not make a study unscientific , and it would be unscientific to claim so . 
  the study did n't say the previous studies were unscientific , only that their sample size was small . 
   this is the kind of study i want to see and if it 's replicated then i 'll consider changing my view . 
  large random sample studies are very rarely made on this issue because large sample studies are so expensive and there are so few lgbt families that large samples do n't tend to come up with enough of them . 
  that is why the scientific literature on the issue has focused on smaller sample sizes . 
  but again , claiming smaller sample sizes are unscientific is itself an unscientific claim , especially when the same result has been repeated with several smaller sample size studies . 
    well , apparently people with scientific backround tell me this :  i 'm sorry , it was poorly worded . 
  i meant any person with hard science background . 
  hard scientist are n't social scientist . 
  or are you claiming for example that quantum physicist or astronomer is more equipped to do scientific analysis on epidemology than epidemologists ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  you are moving the goal posts , redefining what is acceptable science as such that you can ingore relevant science . 
   please , such statements given by scientists are a rape on logic . 
  this is a non-argument . 
   if that conforms you i do n't really think of most psychological or sociological studies as scientific at all , besides the field of cognitive science . 
  so , i guess you have presented an unfalsiable claim . 
  you want scientific proof that same sex parents are as good as staight parents , but you refuse to accept the scientific disciplines studying these issues as science , and as such , you refuse any proof these sciences offer as you do n't consider them science . 
  it goes the other way too . 
  there 's no scientific studies proving that same sex parenting is bad for children either , as all the possible studies would be in the fields you do n't consider to be science . 
  it really sounds like you have the syndrome of being blind to other sciences , having some messianic belief in your field . 
  in the end i 'd also like to bring up this note by amato 2012 : `` social science has produced a long list of parental charasteristics that are statistically associated with children 's development and well-being , including personality traits , congitive ability , education , earnings , mental health , child-rearing philosophies and parenting skills . 
  * but we do not restrict the right to marry and raise children on the basis of any of these charasteristics . 
  * when a particular parental behavior poses a clear danger to children 's health or well-being , the state will not hesitate to remove children from the parental home to prevent abuse or neglect . 
  unless a clear and imminent danger exists , however , the state does not regulate family life on the basis of parental charasteristics that correlate - usually quite modestly - with child outcomes . '', 
  so this discussion as a whole is rather nonsensical , as we are not having the same discussion about should we ban adoption from christians , should polish people in the us be banned from adopting , should mixed-race parenting be banned and so on . 
  allowing adoptions to others but then having an opposite `` quilty until proven otherwise '' attitude for same sex couples is hypocricy and bigotry . 
   unless you are talking about informal relationships , which are a great base for solid research . 
  of course i 'm talking about informal relationships , because formal relationships have been largely illegal ~ ~ since ~ ~ until the past decade . 
  and yes , they are a better base than nothing , an in addition research has found that the status of formal official relationship increases the family well being . 
   if you read the article yourself you would n't be so adamant . 
  yes , i did read and a few notes : * a 1993 review published in the journal of divorce & remarriage identified fourteen studies addressing the effects of lgbt parenting on children . 
  * that 's 22 years ago . 
  studying same sex parenting did n't stop in 1993 but instead has increased tremendeosly . 
  the consensus on same sex parenting is n't based on research up untill 1993 . 
  * according to a 2001 review of 21 studies by stacey and biblarz published in american sociological review ... * and again that 's almost 15 year old . 
  the quotes i presented refer to more recent and up to date research . 
  you can not really dispute the modern understanding of some issue by referring to dated understanding . 
  what you are doing is cherry picking older stances and try to use that to overrule more recent professional views . 
   any person with any kind of scientific background can tell you it 's 100 % bullshit . 
  well , apparently people with scientific backround tell me this :  * `` rarely is there as much consensus in any area of social science as in the case of gay parenting , which is why the american academy of pediatrics and all of the major professional organizations with expertise in child welfare have issued reports and resolutions in support of gay and lesbian parental rights '' * . 
  these organizations include the american academy of pediatrics , the american academy of child and adolescent psychiatry , the american psychiatric association , the american psychological association , the american association for marriage and family therapy , the american psychoanalytic association , the national association of social workers , the child welfare league of america , the north american council on adoptable children , and canadian psychological association then you ignore all those professional stances on the grounds that there are older over 10 year old stances that said there is uncertainty in the sample size . 
  gee , i guess some random redditor knows better than these people and organizations with scientific background . 
   ` we did n't do a statistically significant study on the subject , because there is no statistically significant group we could find . 
  hence , take our word that if these studies were actually done , they would surely have same results as we say ' that 's not what they said . 
  you are lying what they said . 
   also , this shows how low-quality ` research ' in psychology is . 
  if such an article on any scientific subject , whether it was biology or physics , was printed as peer-reviewed research , the journal would be finished . 
  ah yes , of course it 's low-quality because it 's against your world view . 
  even worse science is claiming some random reddit message , such as yours , saying science is wrong would prove science is wrong . 
  i would take you more seriously if you would write a scientific peer reviewed paper on the problems of mentioned studies , and your findings would be replicated by other peer reviewed papers . 
  until that , all you do is rejecting science based on your arbitary `` it 's bad science ! '' . 
   you cite an article as fundumental source and you even fail to read it , then when i point out the flaws in methodology you attack me on ground of personal views , even though i 've actually shown flaws in methodology . 
  first of all , it was pallindrome who brought up the article . 
  secondly , he , nor i claimed that 's the fundamental source . 
  wikipedia is like an index of sources . 
  what you then did was cherry picked 20-10 year old parts about methodology , then ignored the parts about more up to date stances on methodology , ignored the parts on consensus and then you go on to say that `` but it 's bad science '' with a silly fallacy like this `` any person with any kind of scientific background can tell you it 's 100 % bullshit '' . 
  i can also say that any person with any kind of scientific background can tell you you are 100 % bullshit . 
  does that validate my claim ? 
  of course not . 
  it 's just a reverse ad hominem , `` any intelligent person would know reality is like this '' , trying to frame those disagreeing as stupid and incompetent . 
   whose the ideological warrior here ? 
  well duh , you obviously .
