  any intelligent and mature adult can tell you you are the ideological warrior here . 
  if you disagree , it 's only because you are not an intelligent nor mature adult ( see , i can use your fallacies too ! ), 
   how could these studies be so widely accepted , if same-sex adoption is a recent invention ? 
  because same sex parenting has existed before . 
  homosexuality is n't a `` recent innovation '' , and there have been same sex parents for a few decades now . 
   also , in the methodology section of the wikipedia article you posted there are so many flaws pointed out it 's ridiculous to think these as a scientific , repeatable research ( sadly a common factor in psychology research in general ) . 
  oh like these flaws : * the overall methodological sophistication and quality of studies in this domain have increased over the years , as would be expected for any new area of empirical inquiry . 
  more recent research has reported data from probability and community-based convenience samples , has used more rigorous assessment techniques , and has been published in highly respected and widely cited developmental psychology journals , including child development and developmental psychology . 
  data are increasingly available from prospective studies . 
  * * the methodologies used in the major studies of same-sex parenting meet the standards for research in the field of developmental psychology and psychology generally . 
  the studies specific to same-sex parenting were published in leading journals in the field of child and adolescent development , such as child development , published by the society for research in child development , developmental psychology , published by the american psychological association , and the journal of child psychology and psychiatry , the flagship peer-review journals in the field of child development . 
  most of the studies appeared in these ( or similar ) rigorously peer-reviewed and highly selective journals , whose standards represent expert consensus on generally accepted social scientific standards for research on child and adolescent development . 
  prior to publication in these journals , these studies were required to go through a rigorous peer-review process , and as a result , they constitute the type of research that members of the respective professions consider reliable . 
  the body of research on same-sex families is consistent with standards in the relevant fields and produces reliable conclusions . 
  * so you completely arbitarily decide some research is not valid because it is against your world view . 
  you just say `` it 's ridiculous '' and without any actual backing claim that there 's not enough evidence . 
   honestly have n't found a social science study that has n't had some form of valid criticism . 
  what 's the valid scientific criticism for the sources at wikipedia ? 
   there are countless studies that show increased likelihood of a life of crime or substance abuse that is associated with only having 1 parent - and the interesting part about these studies is that there is a clear difference in the issues depending on whether it is a single mother or father . 
  and that kind of disparency does n't exist when it comes to straight-gay comparisons , it has been studied , so that point is null . 
  single parents have other factors , as you said , and one which you ignored that single parents commonly originate from straight couples . 
  single parents include a lot of situations where there 's a straight relationship , a baby is born and the father leaves the mother some time after . 
  this is an immensly straight dynamic , as having a baby in a dysfunctional relationship is much easier for straight couples , as they do n't need adoption like gay couples . 
  how many `` 16 and pregnant '' or `` accindental baby from a one night stand '' stories you remember from lesbian and gay couples ? 
  it is intellectually dishonest to claim that studies dominated by broken straight relationship would be applicable to gay couples who would be adopting children . 
  if you read research on gay parenting , there is an increasing consensus that the gender of parents does not matter , but rather it is their dynamics , the well being of their relationship . 
   ` the huffington post reported in 2014 that 50 per cent of lesbian women experience one of these sapphic skimishes at some point in their lives . 
  yet it was n't until 2002 that researchers bothered to look into the scale and character of lesbian domestics and understanding of the phenomenon has not increased dramatically , even among lesbians themselves . ', 
  that [ huffington post women article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/23/domestic-violence-statistics_n_5959776.html ) referred to [ this leaflet ] ( http://www.uncfsp.org/projects/userfiles/file/dce-stop_now/ncadv_lgbt_fact_sheet.pdf ) which states that * `` experts believe that domestic violence occurs in the lesbian , gay , bisrexual and transgender ( lgbt ) community with the same amount of frequency and severity as in the heterosexual community . 
  '' * it is interesting also that you choose to quote right wing conservative breitbar.com article titled * attack of the killer dykes !, 
  * which continues shortly after your quoted part with this : * `` perhaps the reason lesbians are known for ` eating carpet ' is that on any given night the butch has the femme in a headlock with the latter 's head rammed against the floor after an argument over a triple-world score in scrabble '' * . 
  i strongly recommend that instead of dwelling on homophobic right wing conservative sites you would read up the science linked at wikipedia . 
  wikipedia offered extensive scientific sources to support the view that same sex parents are no harmful to the children . 
  conservative right wing blogs do n't change that . 
  likewise the fact that domestic violence happens does not change that . 
  domestic violence happens in straight relationships also , or as the huffington post women list reported , every day 3 women in the us are murdered by their current or former male partner . 
   no one wants to look at these areas , its university funding suicide what are you trying to imply ? 
  you just quoted yourself an article referring to studies about domestic violence in lgbt relationships . 
  clearly some people are looking into those areas of domestic violence . 
  the flyer i linked above uses a study by national coalition of anti-violence programs as a source . 
  that study was funded by lgbt groups . 
  domestic violence in lgbt relationships is something that lgbt groups have wanted more research on , but the problem has been that problems concerning lgbt people have been ignored by straight people who are n't concerned with lgbt issues . 
  it 's the same phenomena as how aids was ignored as a serious threat because it did n't concern straight people that much . 
  and preserving history embeded in art an architecture does not equal honoringing a person . 
  it can mean honoring history , in all it 's good an bad . 
  yea , we can change all this to reflect who we are , just like ussr demolished [ this building ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/cathedral_of_christ_the_saviour_1903.jpg ) to reflect who they are in a new atheist era . 
  or we can learn to deal with history in our environment , see the complexity of our past , the gray shades , the people who did both good and bad . 
  i do n't see why that should matter . 
  should n't the point be showing the probabilities accurately , not map them so that each area is same size ? 
  now 50 % and 99 % are on the same field , even though the difference within that area are five times greater than 0 % - 9 % , which is portrayed with two zones . 
  i was kind of exaggerating with that `` right to history '' , being somewhat satirical how sjw 's like to say other people have * privilege * and because of their privilege , others are blind to the injustice . 
  but i still value history , and it is is somewhat silly to remove layers of history from our surrounding if people feel offended by them . 
  history is n't only history books or records . 
  it 's also stuff like art , architecture and statues . 
  building paid by rhodes with a statue by him is a kind of history book . 
  it 's history as a building instead of book records . 
  as a hyperbole : imagine that st. peters church would have to be stripped of catholic symbolism because it represents centuries of misogyny , homophobia and religious intolerance . 
  is it really that important not to be offended that we have to destruct any historical layers from our surrounding that might be offensive ? 
  more like the best . 
  the little ice age was caused by a slump in the activity of the sun . 
  it was also rather exceptional in the long term , not the norm . 
  miracles of the gulf sream . 
  yea , but those papers are still very top-down hierarcial by their publishing . 
  the people who i have on facebook and the people i follow on twitter are selected by me . 
  i have selected the social circle . 
  i have not much say on magazines other than buying/not buying . 
  i personally see a huge difference on the content of my fb wall and the real world , as my social circles are very oriented to certain ideas . 
  and there are no tv-channels , newspapers or radio channels that would come close representing the same world view , because the selection is unique to my social circles . 
  in short , social media causes bubbles and circle jerks . 
  that 's what tumblrinas and social justice warriors in there are about . 
  they follow only like minded and it gives rise to circle jerks where any opposing idea is ~ ~ downvoted ~ ~ silenced as racism , sexism , ableism , priviliege and whatnot . 
   it 's very important not to engage in presentism . 
  i suggest presentism is re-framed as * a privilege * of moral superiority from people who live in the present moment instead of history . 
  so if someone says statue of rhodes should be removed because of the stances of rhodes would be unacceptable today , they are quilty of presentist privilege , stripping humanity of our right to history . 
  yea , but that 's still a rather different thing from every one of your fb friends effectively working as an editor , selecting what to publish in a way that overrides tv , radio and newspapers . 
  television , radio and newspapers are facing huge issues because of social media and the internet . 
  just having your own newspaper , radio and tv hardly excludes you from reading other newspapers , listening to other radio channels and watching other tv channels . 
  social media has greatly changed this . 
  many young people do n't read any kind of physical newspapers , do n't watch television and so on because internet offers what they want . 
  well , the content of newspapers , tv and radio was n't filtered by your likeminded social circles . 
  when i look at my facebook , it 's mostly news and * blogs * of certain subjects and from a certain viewpoint . 
  it 's called * social media * for a reason . 
  the news and viewpoints are n't any more spread merely in a top-down manner , but the news and viewpoints are filtered and relayed by different social networks . 
  well , in that situation the map is bad as it does n't say what are the differences in levels of confidence . 
   a child should probably have some say in this . 
  what if a child does n't want fat parents ? 
  ban adoption from fat parents ? 
  what if a black child would like black parents ? 
  ban adoption outside your race ? 
  children can feel deprived from all sort of things . 
  it is the task of parents to teach why some feelings of deprivement should not matter . 
  heck , imagine if we listened to kids all the time . 
  they would eat just ice cream , they would skip school , they would never visit scary aunt martha who has mousthace and they would never make homework . 
  the task of parents is to raise and educate children to be sensible adults . 
  not to make sure children get everything they want at that moment . 
  the study you linked did n't even compare children of gay couples to children of straight couples and the researcher himself admitted that it 's not a study about gay parenting . 
  it 's a study about broken families vs. intact families , and any kid whose parent had had any kind of same sex relationship were labelled as children of gay parenting , * regardless of were they raised by gay couple * . 
  so a divorced single mother having a one month bi-curious sling made her a lesbian parent , even though the child would be from a straight relationship since broken up . 
  that study strategy is literally the same strategy tobacco industry and climate change deniers and their interest groups have used . 
  fund some methodologically flawed study , just like that study was funded by a anti-gay-marriage organization with stated intentions , make headlines with the flawed study and then proceed to say `` it 's uncertain '' , `` the science is n't settled '' and so on as reasons why progress should not be made .
