  art can be art even if it 's not reviewed at all by the art wold ... to me , art is a social phenomena . 
  if a work is not subjected to social perception on its `` artness '' , it does not take part in the social phenomena of `` art '' . 
   it does n't elevate me . 
  hence it 's not art . 
  proved you wrong . 
  ha ha ... 
  your experience does not invalidate the existence of my experience . 
  they are not tilted in the [ actual flag ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) , but if the flag is posted upside down , the stars end up being tilted . 
  hey come on now . 
  how many times the institutions of the european union have invaded anyone ? 
  the poster is about the eu itself , not everything the member states do , as the eu does not control everything . 
  it 's illegal to sell wine in grocery stores in finland , but it has nothing to do with eu as it is n't a decision by eu but a domestic decision independent of eu . 
  the same thing with war adventures of the eu member states . 
  no reason to blame the eu when those actions are independent of the eu . 
  for propaganda about the eu customs union & schengen agreement , in the spirit of the poster above , just google `` lesbians two headed dildo '' . 
  i know you want to . 
  i chose that specific statue only because of its posture . 
  i did n't really care about the blindfolds . 
   i did say why it was n't art , you just do n't know how to read , as i 've shown earlier . 
  you never said why art has to elevate people . 
    `` works can not be considered as art if it does n't elevate people even if people like them '' why not ? 
   because liking something does n't automatically mean it 's art . 
  but you did n't say why something likable can not be art unless it elevates people . 
  why can not something likable but un-elevating be art ? 
   absolutely , unless you manage to convince me that propaganda elevates people . 
  it elevates me . 
  you can not deny my experience . 
  hench propaganda is art . 
  proved you wrong . 
  ha-ha !, 
  i would n't reference to the russian empire , as its time passed close to 100 years ago and imo the russian empire was vastly more european than russia today as starting from peter the great and catherine the great the russian empire aimed to be a modern european great power among france , sweden , uk , germany , whereas now days russia wants to be distinctively different from western europe . 
  okay , [ two homosexuals for eu and putin riding a bear for russia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kiwnrdz.jpg ) . 
  almost finished !, 
  that particular statue just happened to have the most fitting pose . 
  strong and dramatic , as compared to statues like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lady_justice#mediaviewer/file:hk_central_statue_square_legislative_council_building_n_themis_s.jpg ) which to me just seem like an confused old lady . 
  a bitch worth fighting for . 
  this is the lady justice from the old bailey criminal justice from london . 
  it is n't blindfolded , as quote from wikipedia :  instead of using the janus approach , many sculptures simply leave out the blindfold altogether . 
  for example , atop the old bailey courthouse in london , a statue of lady justice stands without a blindfold ; the courthouse brochures explain that this is because lady justice was originally not blindfolded , and because her `` maidenly form '' is supposed to guarantee her impartiality which renders the blindfold redundant . 
  i just choose to go with the same design as the statue . 
  i just wrote the title badly !, 
  photoshop . 
  i do understand your criticism . 
  however with stuff like this there are always risks of reasonable differing interpretations , and sometimes those risks just have to be taken in order to get a result that feels the best for me . 
   no , the fact that it is n't art makes is ` not art ' . 
  circular reasoning . 
  you failed to say why it can not be art . 
  `` it is not art because it is not art '' is like `` bread is not food , that makes bread * not food * '' . 
   works can not be considered as art if it does n't elevate people even if people like them . 
  why not ? 
  `` elevation '' is a subjective experience . 
  are you claiming your subjective experience is the final authority ? 
  are you denying my subjective experience of elevation i got when i managed to finish these posters ? 
  i 'm not lauding the eu of the good things that have resulted from diplomacy and cooperation independent of the eu . 
  neither did i mean to portray russian government as militarist , but rather that the government is willing to use force to protect the interest of the leaders . 
  the weapon dudes are there to symbolize state monopoly on violence ( which is the standard for every country ) , which is used heavily against people who disagree with the government . 
  the composition of the russia poster is not supposed to from the perspective of another countries , but from the perspective of the opposition of russia . 
  `` be silent , do n't disagree , remember , i control the guys with the guns '' . 
  and yep , the uk for example has helluva responsibility , and there are lots to criticize on individual countries , even on the eu itself . 
  but again , these posters are not meant to be purely informative and balanced realistic documentations about the true nature of eu and russia . 
  these are just test on doing propaganda style posters that present emotionally charged issues simply . 
  the seeds that i like the eu institutions and am critical towards putin are real opinions that i have and i built simple posters on those . 
  well , the goal was to make a propaganda poster * about * russian government , not * a russian * propaganda poster . 
  both of these posters are meant to be blatantly western views . 
  the 12 stars of the eu apparently also are associated with holy mary , blue also being the color of her . 
  someone seems to have posted it there already . 
  i do have a critical opinion towards the rule of putin , true . 
  it 's not because i 'm a finn as such . 
  i 'm not really patriotic , i hate the continuous finnish national masturbation about the winter war and i really hope for the best for the russian people , as i do for all people . 
  i strongly support democracy , civil rights and equality and i am critical towards the rule of putin because i see it detrimental for the freedom , rights and equality of the russian people . 
  when opposition , freedoms and civil rights have been oppressed , a government has radically more opportunities to practice hostile foreign policy and control the opinion of the citizens . 
  of course probably the reason i value civil rights , democracy and equality so much is because they have increased the quality and freedom of my life in finland . 
  i 've heard that pigeon meat is delicious . 
  now that i think of it , yea , i could have taken the crown of rays away . 
  you are high if you think you have two nostrils . 
  two-headed eagle is also the coat of arms of russia . 
  it is blue , not black , as the colors blue , red and white are taken from the russian flag . 
   no , it was n't art because it was utterly laughable ... ? 
  the video is in the collection of the national museum of modern art , and the artist is a professor of art and a renowned artist . 
  your reason not to call his work art ? 
  `` it 's laughable '' . 
  well , so was the work of monet and whistler in the 19th century . 
  and to many , duchamps fountain is not art . 
   it does seem to be easy for you : `` pretty much everything creative is art . '', 
  as i said , i was thinking in finnish , where the word `` creative '' has a slightly different meaning . 
  pretty much everything that heavily relies creativity for something other than learning or practical needs can be thought of art . 
  and defining art seems easy for you : `` art elevates '' . 
   that 's one of the shittiest definitions i 've heard yet . 
  yet you fail to provide a better one . 
   art can be art even if it 's not reviewed at all by the art wold ... 
  but art can not be art if you do n't like it and it does not elevate you . 
  well , that 's a shitty definition by my standards . 
  read * aesthetics : an introduction * , by george dickie . 
  it goes through several theories of definition of art , and also presents the institutional theory of art . 
  hitler is there more to evoke the sense of western europe being the home of the enemy , as nazi germany was at war with the soviet union ( of which ukraine was part of ) . 
  and the gays are there just to evoke a strong negative response from conservatives . 
  so it 's just trying to hit two emotional nerves with contradicting tools . 
  it 's not supposed to be logical . 
  unfortunately the reality of the eu is n't a conqueror or war-like . 
   examples ?
