  yea well , the mediterranean sea is hard to compete with . 
   `` sober second thoughts '' for national interest . 
  yea . 
  that 's kind of the point of the council of ministers , to represent the interests of national governments of member states . 
  the eu is an union on several nations , so of course the interests of national governments are represented in the legislative bodies . 
  are you saying national governments should * not * be represented in the eu legislative bodies ? 
   both senates serve their own goal , it makes the ep a useless organ since both provide a second thought , probably why barely anyone takes the time to vote for them anymore . 
  the ep is the one offering the first view . 
  and the ep is to safeguard the interest of the citizens of the eu . 
  that 's the goal of the parliament . 
  that 's why it is directly elected ( like parliaments usually are ) . 
  before the ep , there is no one to vote on the legislation . 
  commission has no power to vote on the legislation , so ep is the first one to vote . 
  and also the parliament * de facto * chooses the president of the european commission . 
  the ep is a very useful institution , as it is the sole directly elected body in the eu , and for the vast majority of legislation , it has the power to block legislation . 
    no , it can be called a parliament also . 
  voting laws is a legislative power , which the parliament has . 
   nope , it 's exactly as the senate we have . 
  since it does n't have the right to legislative initiative it 's not a parliament . 
  parliament * does not need * to have the right to legislative initiative . 
  but it needs to have some power in the legislative process , which the european parliament has , as it has the power to block most legislative initiatives . 
  you yourself admitted that the ep is part of the bicameral * legislation * , so you already admitted it has * legislative power * . 
  from wikipedia :  a legislature is a state 's internal decision-making organization , usually associated with national government , that has the power to enact , amend , and repeal public policy . 
  the ep is a decision-making organization associated with the eu government , which has the power to enact , amend and repeal public policy of the eu . 
   legislatures observe and steer governing actions and usually have exclusive authority to amend the budget or budgets involved in the process . 
  the ep , together with the council of ministers and european council observes and steers the actions of the commission . 
  the ep has the ultimate authority to amend the budget of the eu and has the power to fire the commission . 
  so , even though ep fit 's the wikipedia description of a parliament , you refuse to acknowledged the ep as one . 
  why would n't it be a parliament ? 
   you may call it as you like , i call it as it is , a glorified senate . 
  no , the council of ministers is akin to a senate . 
  obviously you do n't like the ep and you refuse to acknowledge that it actually is a parliament , and try to come up with excuses why it would not be a parliament . 
   nothing else would fit the description i gave , so it would be obvious if you read it . 
  the ministers in the council of ministers are appointed by national governments , so as you said `` ministers '' are proposed by national governments , combined with your lack of knowledge of the eu institutions and claiming the parliament is not a parliament , it is not obvious what you meant . 
    while ep has no right to make initiatives , it has the power to vote on the laws . 
   indeed , and we call that a senate . 
  no , it can be called a parliament also . 
  voting laws is a legislative power , which the parliament has . 
  the paragraph you quoted said , '' * modern senates typically serve to provide a chamber of ` sober second thought ' to consider legislation passed by a lower house , whose members are usually elected . 
  * '' council of ministers is the one providing a `` sober second thought '' to consider legislation passed by the lower house , the european parliament , whose members are elected . 
    there are no `` ministers '' in the parliament . 
   exactly , since it 's a senate . 
  you may know the `` ministers '' as `` commissioners '' , hence the ; '' . '' . 
  if with this `` the ` ministers ' are proposed by national governments '' just say that you mean commissioners . 
  because otherwise you cause confusion because there is also the council of ministers , which has ministers . 
  besides , a parliament needs not to have ministers . 
  neither does a senate . 
  parliaments have `` members of the parliament '' or `` representatives '' and so on . 
  senate has * senators * . 
    as the commission does not have the power to pass any legislation . 
   neither does our parliament . 
  it 's called a bicameral legislature . 
  so now you admit that parliament is part of the bicameral legislature ? 
  so why is n't it a parliament when you finally admit it has legislative powers as part of a bicameral legislative body ? 
  and yea , the parliament is the lower house of the bicameral legislature . 
  the council of ministers is the upper house of the bicameral legislature and could be described as `` senate '' . 
   of course the ep remains an odd duck in the pond , hence it being a `` glorified '' senate , since it 's neither of both but more a senate than a parliament . 
  so in the end your argument is `` its a senate because i say again it 's a senate '' . 
  you fail to say why the parliament would not be a parliament . 
  you just say `` it 's a senate . 
  it 's a senate . '', 
  if modify the passage you quoted like this :  eu has an assembly named the european parliament , composed of mep 's who are elected by the citizens of the eu . 
  european parliament serve to provide `` sober second thought '' to consider legislation passed by the european commission , whose members are not directly elected . 
  ... it would be incorrect , as the commission does not have the power to pass any legislation . 
  the parliament has , and when the parliament has passed the legislation , it goes to the council of ministers . 
  so , if we modify that passage like this :  council of ministers is composed of national ministers who are appointed by national governments . 
  council of ministers offers `` sober second thought '' to consider legislation passed by the european parliament , whose members are elected . 
  the passage above describes the relationship of council of ministers & parliament perfectly . 
   the e. parliament has no right of ( legislative ) initiative . 
  ( ... ) well there 's that , it is n't a parliament since it ca n't make laws . 
  ep has shared monopoly with the council of ministers to pass or reject legislation . 
  the commission , which makes the initiatives , * has no right to vote on the initiatives * . 
  while ep has no right to make initiatives , * it has the power to vote on the laws * . 
  so yes , it has shared power with council & commission to make laws . 
  commission ca n't vote laws and the parliament & council of ministers can not make initiatives . 
  * none of these institutions can alone make a law * . 
  they need each other . 
  by your logic eu has no legislative bodies at all , because none of the institutions alone can make laws . 
  but clearly there is eu-legislation , so clearly there must be some legislative bodies . 
  which is it ? 
  besides , the parliament has the right to ask the commission to make an initiative , and if the commission does not make one , it has to give an explanation . 
   the `` ministers '' are proposed by national governments . 
  there are no `` ministers '' in the parliament . 
  the ministers are in the council of ministers , which is a separate institution of the parliament . 
  the members of the ep are directly elected by the citizens of the eu . 
   modern senates typically serve to provide a chamber of `` sober second thought '' to consider legislation passed by a lower house , whose members are usually elected . 
  and in the eu this `` lower house '' is the parliament , whose members are directly elected . 
  the council of ministers would be comparable to a senate , as it handles the legislation as a `` sober second thought '' after the parliament has voted to pass laws , and the council of ministers is not directly elected , and in some specific cases has more power than the parliament , because the council of ministers is the upper house . 
   is a much better description when we replace `` lower house '' with commission . 
  except that in the eu , the commission can not pass any legislation , because the commission * does not have the authority to vote on laws * . 
   thus it 's a glorified senate . 
  it 's a parliament , and your knowledge of the eu institutions is n't that great . 
  well , then enlighten me why would n't the ep be a parliament . 
  do n't just say `` it is n't because you do n't know enough '' . 
  after the break : marble bust of kim jong-un as the queen of england to be unveiled . 
  okay , maybe the dude is holding a tomato and squeezing it and tomato paste spills over the other excited dude and others try to contain his excitement by holding his arms . 
  i wrote and linked images about the development of the finnish flag in [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ztl55/what_were_you_taught_in_school_about_the_meaning/cpmg3ve ) . 
   does n't change the fucked up situation of having brussels and strasbourg with the same deputies . 
  there 's nothing `` fucked up '' there as it by every count is the same parliament that has seat in brussels and strasbourg . 
  they are the same deputies because it 's the same single institution .
