  but the issue is that they are n't making changes which would help the economy grow . 
  instead cutting salaries will decrease the purchasing power of tons of people , which will have an effect on the domestic economy and small and medium business , as people have less money to spend . 
  less income for people = less money in the economy to circulate . 
  i think there are several factors in play here . 
  the government is made of conservative center-right center party ( the leading party ) , the fiscally right coalition party and the conservative populist finns party . 
  the prime minister of the center party is a millionaire businessman who has much experience in leading companies , but he 's a newcomer in politics . 
  he tries to lead the country like the national economy would be a private company economy , which just does n't work . 
  the fiscally right coalition party has always been the most skeptical towards public sector , the labor unions and the most pro-business . 
  it is their general ideology to cut the public sector so these services would be provided by private companies , and that labor unions should have less power and wage negotiations should be made between individual employees and the employer . 
  so they are ideologically against the collective bargaining , and want to overrule collective bargaining in general . 
  collective bargaining is how the current wage levels and benefits were achieved . 
  whenever there are some troubles and issues in the economy and society , the coalition party is there to suggest that as a solution we should cut public sector , restrict the power of labor unions , remove restrictions for companies and give more support to companies . 
  when the coalition party wants to do these things , they try to overplay the problems so that they would have more support to drive their policies . 
  they overplay the economic troubles , the debt , the competitiveness so that people would support their proposed solutions . 
  then the finns party , which is strongly populist , has greatly attacked greece for their debt and how the eu has supported greece , and the finns party have utilized this simplified rhetoric that government debt = being like greece . 
  this populist approach on debt and greece has increased the popularity of finns party . 
  it is out of question for the finns party to suggest taking debt for stimulating the economy , as their populist rhetoric labels all debt inherently bad . 
  as a conservative populist party , the finns party is the main competitor of the conservative center party , so especially in fiscal and eu-politics , the center party and finns party voice similar opinions , so the center party also has been voicing how government debt = being like greece , so they either can not really say we can take debt to stimulate economy , and as they fiscally are center-right , they also generally do n't support debt-funded economic stimulation . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm politically left , so filter that out , if you want . ), 
   guys , it 's a complete pipe dream that wo n't be built at least for another 30 years . 
  infrastructure projects like this are n't really planned as in `` it will be finished in five years '' . 
  they are plans that look decades into the future , thinking about what could be the needs for example in the year 2050 . 
  perhaps it will be built in 30 years because we start thinking about the options today . 
  like the plans of a metro in helsinki started in the 50 's and the metro started operating in the 80 's . 
  it was n't a `` complete pipe dream '' . 
  i think the difference here is that helsinki-tallinn tunnel would be a direct connection between cities , and it is planned to serve the interests of these cities . 
  channel tunnel was n't intended as a direct connection between cities , let alone capital cities . 
  it 's not like people can live in london and commute to work in paris and come back after work within one day . 
  helsinki-tallinn tunnel would in practice combine these cities to a twin city , something the channel tunnel does not do . 
  in that respect helsinki-tallinn tunnel is comparable to copenhagen-malm\u00f6 tunnel . 
  people can live in one city and work in the other city . 
  that 's because people generally do n't know what a communist form of society means . 
  it is said in the very beginning of the wikipedia article :  in political and social sciences , communism ( from latin communis -- common , universal ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] is a social , political , and economic ideology and movement whose ultimate goal is the establishment of the communist society , which is a socioeconomic order structured upon the common ownership of the means of production and the absence of social classes , money , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and the state . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] you know how some tribes in jungles live without a state , social class and money , but they just all do their things and share what they do ? 
  communism is that on a scale of a modern developed society . 
  to add : some have speculated that it might not necessarily require even tax raises , as bi would hugely simplify the bureaucratic system and decrease the government spending on bureaucracy . 
   it 's quite impossible to pass , at least in poland . 
  well , now you have a project : change the impossible :d, 
   needed amount of money from taxes literally doubled . 
  it 's not 100 % accurate , but describing the principle . 
  as you can see i just made it with paint . 
  what i was aiming for is that the highest income tip ( net income 2800 ) is taxed about 700 $ more in the bi model ( but the paint image was too small so it went off the chart ) . 
  but as they also receive 700 $ bi , their net income does not increase . 
   if your graph can be taken as more than only informative and top line means income before tax then it seems that amount of money received from taxes must increase or decrease . 
  the * total gross income * of people does raise because of the basic income . 
  but the taxes also increase . 
  people are taxed much more from their salary . 
  the illusion of needing much more money comes from the fact that the bi base level as additional income comes basically from the additional tax . 
  the additional tax basically is the same slice as the bi base , it 's just represented twice . 
  [ here 's another graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ggjh1cs.png ) on the subjet i have made , demonstrating how that model does not really need more money . 
   people do n't like big taxes . 
  in finland no one complains that much . 
  no political party really tries to gain support by lowering taxes . 
  it 's largely a non-issue . 
  and if the increased taxes are compensated by bi , there 's no change in net income . 
  in practice the basic income model i referred would increase the net income of ~ ~ unemployed and ~ ~ people with low salaries , but when you earned income increases , after a certain point the taxation would increase so that there 's no net benefit , and to the most richest there would be some more taxation . 
  so not all work excludes you having bi , but at some middle income class the bi is basically taxed away . 
  i tried to make [ a graph out of this idea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0tfswfc.png ) . 
  on the left is the principle of the current finnish system . 
  you get certain amount of welfare , but after you earn like 400 $ a month from job , the welfare you receive drops . 
  this means your total income drops with low income jobs , i called it `` carrot trap '' here , as you follow the carrot ( more money ) but end up trapped with less money , discouraging you to take low income jobs . 
  on the right is a crude principle of the bi model i was speaking about . 
  so everyone gets the bi , the `` carrot trap '' does not exist anymore , and any work you take increases your income . 
  but at the same time taxation is much more progressive , to the point that people who now have a net income of 2800 , also have net income of 2800 , as the additional income from bi is taxed away . 
  so the idea of the bi is n't really to increase the net income for everyone , but rather just to simplify the current kafkaesque bureaucracy and make it easier for the unemployed to receive job , as currently it is possible that if you get a part time job , it decreases your welfare that you actually have a net loss of money . 
  edit : bi would n't necessarily increase income for the unemployed . 
  it most probably would remain the same . 
  the idea in the model i mentioned is that working always increases your income . 
  if the basic income would be 700 $ and you 'd get only that , the shovel worker would get more as he would get the basic income too and not his entire salary would be taxed away . 
  communism does n't have a government . 
  communism is a classless , stateless , moneyless society . 
  what you mean is socialism , which is seen as a phase towards communism , and `` communist '' countries in reality were/are socialists , as the `` communist '' term refers to their ultimate goal , not to the existing systems they had/have . 
  one of the models suggested in finland is n't really that different from what finland now has . 
  finland now has minimum income of reasonable living expenses + 485 $ / month everyone is entitled to if they have no other sources of income . 
  one of the suggested basic income models simply was instead of only those with no other income , everyone would get basic income , but progressive taxation is increased so that there 's no net increase in total income for most people . 
  the basic income is simply taxed away with increased taxes from most people . 
  like if your salary is 3000 $ / month and you pay 1000 $ taxes from it , your net income is 2000 $ . 
  then if a basic income of 700 $ is introduced , your gross income is 3700 $ , but your taxes also increase so from your 3000 $ salary , 1700 $ is taxed away , resulting in net income of 2000 $ - the same as before basic income . 
   soo ... what happens when you give it bomb-related keywords ? 
  does it somehow magically filter the bomb-making instructions out of it 's results ? 
  the algorithm just automatically reacts to those keywords and gives the results . 
  this does not mean google is designed specifically to give bomb instructions , as it tries to find results * to all search terms * , not just some specific terms . 
   how does the algorithmic nature of google 's results have anything to do with whether or not sharing a link is `` providing support '' ? 
  the algorithm of google is n't designed specifically to give out instructions to bomb instructions and handle them specifically to those planning terrorists . 
  they are universal , using the same algorithm for every user and all search terms . 
   on the contrary , you 're the one that 's conflating the digital equivalent of giving someone driving directions with actually running someone else 's errands for them . 
  i never claimed that giving bomb instructions and targets for bombs would be the same thing as actually doing those terrorist acts . 
   if he 'd provided instructions on how to manufacture a bomb , those instructions would be in the chatlog . 
  presumably , all that 's in the chatlog is a link to publicly-accessible bomb-making instructions . 
  there 's no difference , as by giving links * he provided information * . 
  in the internet age information is not stored only on books or files on your computer , but online , and providing a link to information * is providing information * . 
  sending a link to some page with information is equivalent to sending publicly available book or a computer file to someone . 
  it is completely the same as if you send via mail a list of possible targets with a published book of bomb instructions to someone you have corresponded with and at some point have suspected wants and can commit a terrorist act . 
  book , computer file , web page , they are just different formats for information . 
  the crime of planning a terrorist act is not dependent of if the information you utilize is publicly accessible or not . 
   what i disagree with is that sharing a link is the same thing as sharing the information from the webpage at that link . 
  the only information encoded into a url is where your computer should go to download website content to display . 
  it does n't matter what content is in the url itself as the purpose of sharing url is to share the information the web page is . 
  when someone asks you a link , do you seriously think they are interested in what the link itself semantically contains , rather than the information it links to ? 
  if someone asks you a link to some essay , do you seriously expect you to give an url which itself contains the essay , instead the url leading to the page with the essay ?
