  and the finnish governments have n't been really proactive or fond of supporting more strict eu targets . 
  that 's the problem . 
  as i said earlier : ** number 1 thing to do is to decrease emissions . 
  ** that is why the priority should be that there would be an ambitious target for the 2030 policy . 
  if finland has approved three nuclear power plants because of climate reasons , * it should be even a higher priority for the finnish governments to actively aim for ambitious co2 reduction targets both domestically and within the eu , but finland has failed in this , clearly prioritizing nuclear before climate * . 
  and why does finland have to wait for the eu policy for 2030 ? 
  eu is not stopping finland of setting a domestic target for say , 30 % reduction in emissions by 2020 and 45 % by 2030 , but in spite of nuclear decisions , finland is not willing to set ambitious domestic targets to combat climate change . 
   so , what does the science say about our targets , according to science what should be the target for the eu and especially for finland ? 
  the international energy agency stated that 2/3 of all the known fossil fuel reserves must remain unburned , or burned via ccs , which is still an infant technology no one is sure about . 
  country specific numbers are not really given , as they would all depend on what do other countries do . 
  the targets for finland would depend on what are the targets for other countries , which is impossible to say . 
  rough figures i 've heard often are 40 % reduction of emissions in industrial countries by 2020 . 
  this is built on the premise that wealthy industrial countries with high level of economic development & high co2 per capita have benefited from use of fossil fuels , and have the economics to be more ambitious whereas developing countries with low emissions per capita still face economic and humanitarian challenges on their own and have not been in time to benefit from fossil fuels . 
  that said , industrial countries are usually allocated with higher targets than developing countries still struggling with their own development . 
   my common sense says that even if finland cut ghg emissions to zero right away it would not have much impact on global climate change . 
  ... so , finland should not build nuclear then but rely on fossil fuels ? 
  i thought building nuclear because of climate change would be '' * the number one green thing to do in the world right now '' * ? 
  which is it ? 
   for post-kyoto agreement there will be the un climate change conference in paris in 2015 . 
  there has been unfccc meetings * every year * , for the past 20 years and they have failed * every time * . 
  [ cop15 in 2009 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_united_nations_climate_change_conference ) was the most known fiasco . 
  it was a meeting where the agreement for post-kyoto was supposed to be made and it was widely held that this is where the future of humanity will be decided . 
  nothing was decided . 
  * a plan for a meeting is not a legally binding action plan . 
  * cop15 did not help at all , as there were no legally binding decisions . 
  jos\u00e9 manuel barroso , president of the european commission said the political outcome of the meeting signed by every participant was the `` longest suicide note in history '' . 
   of course finland will have targets for 2030 , and after that next targets etc. 
  why do n't we have targets for 2030 now ? 
  not a single legal treaty during the past 12 years would have prevented finland from setting it 's own domestic ambitious goals for 2030 . 
  why did n't we make ambitious targets for 2030 ourselves in 2002 when olkiluoto 3 was approved ? 
  why was the priority building nuclear , and not agreeing on reducing emissions ? 
  it 's funny that olkiluoto 3 was marketed in 2001 -2002 as * the solution * to get rid of russian energy dependence . 
  after that , in 2008 - 2010 olkiluoto 4 and fennovoima were marketed as * the solution * to get rid of russian energy dependence , and people calmly forgot that olkiluoto 3 is being built supposedly for that . 
  the energy dependence on russia is volatile in extreme political tensions . 
  if it gets to that , i doubt russia would ignore the power it has on fennovoima through rosatom . 
  other than that , during less critical times there is no method to stop finnish companies of buying cheap russian electricity . 
  our economic minister mauri pekkarinen who supported two nuclear power plants in 2010 said that there is no way the two plants will stop free electricity market between finland and russia . 
  finnish companies import russian electricity , because it is cheap and new nuclear electricity is n't going to make electricity in the nordic market cheaper than the russian . 
   e : accepted as in they voted against it but didnt leave the gov ' t when the proposal was passed . 
  that 's not accepting , when they clearly voted against both in the cabinet and in the parliament . 
  their votes just were n't enough . 
  before the elections they stated that they will vote against nuclear both in the cabinet and in the parliament ( and that they did ) , but they will stay in the cabinet regardless of the nuclear voting outcome . 
  reasoning was that leaving the cabinet would leave the remaining cabinet lacking any substantial interest in environmental issues , which happened in 2002 when the greens left the government due to nuclear permit . 
  also , the public policy ( hallitusohjelma ) of the cabinet in 2010 did not say `` no new permits for nuclear '' . 
  the cabinet did not breach it 's public policy in 2010 decision . 
  but the public policy of the contemporary cabinet * does say * that no new permits will be given by the cabinet , so decision of today by the cabinet technically is against the current public policy of the cabinet , which is the reason greens leaving the cabinet . 
   do any redditors ever got lost in a forest and simply resolved it by walking for a few hours in a random direction and finding a settlement ? 
  i got lost in a forest in finland and it got dark , so i navigated by finding the north star and then going to west . 
  took me a hour or so to get back . 
  the eu emission target ends in less than 6 years ( and even that target limit is too low compared to what is needed according to science ) , and after 2020 there 's no legally binding international treaties or protocols to follow , and finland does not have any internal short-term goals before 2050 . 
  they just have a vision of 80 % reduced emissions in 2050 ( when most of our mp 's are dead anyway ) , but no actual binding goals before that . 
  we can only hope that the climate law ( ilmastolaki ) changes this . 
  the irony of the situation often is that those opposed to binding targets , climate law , reducing fossil fuels also tend to be the ones saying nuclear is good because of the climate . 
  the fennovoima permit of today is the * fourth * nuclear permit allowed by our cabinet in 12 years , but within 12 years , * none of the governments have agreed that we need to reduce emissions the amount science tells us . 
  none of the governments have aimed higher than the insufficient kyoto and eu protocols . 
  * and our governments have had the habit of * opposing * the eu emission targets within the eu . 
  the irony is that our cabinets have been quite cold towards reducing emissions and setting the needed binding targets , but at the same time said `` yes '' to nuclear power four times , saying that `` it 's good for the climate . '', 
  on a side note , the 2020 eu emission target is linked with the goal of producing 20 % of energy with renewabels in 2020 and increasing energy efficiency by 20 % by 2020 . 
  so the goal of eu to reduce emissions with 20 % by 2020 is already heavily linked to renewables and energy efficiency , just like the iea and ipcc have stated that energy efficiency and renewables have a big role to play . 
  they left the government in 2002 when the government gave the permission to olkiluoto 3 , and some criticized that as populist as the greens effectively ceased to have any influence on anything from the opposition . 
  after that in 2007 before the elections the greens told they will try another strategy : they will still oppose nuclear power , vote against it in the cabinet , but if the majority of the cabinet votes for the permissions , the greens will stay in the cabinet to still influence other things . 
  so within the cabinet in 2010 they voted against the nuclear power plants , as they had promised . 
  when they lost the vote and the permissions were granted , they remained in the cabinet , as they had beforehand said . 
  they got a lot of shit and criticism of being traitors and power hungry for not leaving the cabinet , even though they had stated this strategy before the elections , and they had voted against the nuclear power plants both within the cabinet and in the parliament . 
  well , not many are demanding the immediate shutdown of existing nuclear power plants . 
  the greens in finland are n't opposed to using the running plants to the end . 
  but it is another thing to build new nuclear . 
  germany is n't an example of a country that has used it 's existing power plants to the end , but an example of a country that shut down it 's nuclear power plants earlier than originally planned . 
  if we are looking to the future and thinking * what kind of energy infrastructure should we build to reduce co2 emissions * , then yes , renewables and energy efficiency are developed enough ( and that 's why besides nuclear power china is building immense amounts of renewables and developing energy efficiency ) . 
  germany had other motivations as co2 , but the gap has also been filled with renewables , and one factor why they started burning coal was also that the eu carbon trading market does not work , the price of co2 tonne plummeted , and burning coal was just simply so cheap that it was highly profitable to burn coal . 
  yeah , well , the finnish nuclear & radiation safety authority did give the permission to olkiluoto 3 even though the plans were unfinished , and even before the construction started it was noted that the claimed cost is just simply unrealistically low and can not hold . 
  so it 's not like no one warned about this . 
   i 'd be a greenie if not for the fact that they oppose the number one green thing to do in the world right now , which is to promote nucreal energy . 
  number 1 thing to do is to decrease emissions . 
  promoting nuclear energy does not guarantee interest in decreasing emissions . 
  for example 10 years ago in the finnish parliament the mp 's who supported nuclear power the most also tended to be the ones supporting burning of peat and were against emission reductions , renewable energy and energy efficiency . 
  * only after a firm and binding decision to decrease emissions you can start thinking about the methods * , where , btw , according to both intergovernmental panel on climate change and international energy agency * both * prioritize energy efficiency and renewable energy before nuclear power . 
   petaflops sounds like a failed sex position . 
  yea . 
  it 's like someone turns 50 and they get some classy crystal vase or something completely irrelevant . 
  yes , propaganda has a negative connotation , and i used that word to remind people that stuff like this is made to sway their opinion . 
  it 's like how several countries have laws that require consumers to be informed if the information they receive is commercial ad , people have the right to know what is targeted at them . 
   in greece , homosexual behaviour was frowned upon if you read for example plato 's symposium it is at some points like an ode to gayness and portrayed homosexual behavior as relatively normal . 
  also there was the [ sacred band of thebes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sacred_band_of_thebes ) , elite troops consisting of same sex lovers , which is something plato wrote about . 
  imo the political message is so obvious and so emotionally loaded and the painting really does not have any other point , that this merits more as propaganda/political campaigning . 
  national romanticism would be romanticized portrayals of finnish nature , mythology , traditions and so on , but i do n't see much that in this . 
   no , what they think they will get out of the eu and what they end up getting will end up being two rather different things . 
  what you linked is no way relevant . 
  and if you are fond of lying , let 's remember how the citizens of uk are lied to about the eu . 
   the ukrainians can do what they want , but they can not expect to join the eu and have their independence secured in the long-term . 
  the international treaties that the eu is based on have to be accepted by member states and they clearly state the limits and powers of the eu . 
  the eu secures as much independence as the lisbon treaty secures . 
  the lisbon treaty defines the limits of the eu . 
  in it 's current form , the lisbon treaty * does * secure the independence of nations . 
  if the lisbon treaty is modified , it has to be signed by all member states to come into effect . 
  if ukraine signs a treaty that abolishes their independence , it is the choice of ukraine . 
  if ukraine or any other member state opposes the modifications , they will not sign it , and the treaty does not come into force . 
   although , to be fair to them , the eu is better than russia , if only because the eu gives you a decade or two to prepare . 
  eu does n't invade other countries , killing other counties citizens and forcibly annex parts of other countries . 
  eu gives the states the right to decide themselves whether to join or leave the eu and the right to decide whether to ratify or overrule the modifications of the lisbon treaty .
