  they are just an extra check for having government support * '' ? 
  why do n't you say how the council of ministers is '' * not an essential part of the legislation process , they are an extra made to spread out the power a bit * '' ? 
  why do you say `` t * he thing is that legislation has already been formed and approved by democratic leaders before it reaches the council of ministers . 
  thereby , there exists a full and functioning process without the council of ministers . 
  yes ? 
  * '' why do you hold the council of ministers in such a high pedestal compared to the parliament , even though for the most part they have equal power ? 
  again in case you have not realized : the council of ministers is there to represent the interests of the national governments of member states , not the citizens of the eu . 
  the parliament is there to represent the interests of eu citizens . 
  the point of th eu parliament is to have a directly elected democratic body to balance the power of national governments in the eu . 
  the point of the parliament is to make eu more democratic . 
  the parliament is not redudant , but is to give the citizens of the eu more voice and power in the eu . 
  the council of ministers merely represents the national governments , not the national parliaments . 
   everything would function without the parliament . 
  they are just an extra check for having popular support . 
  everything would function without the council of ministers . 
  they are just an extra check for having government support . 
   eu could very well be a democratic functioning organisation capable of the same things even without a parliament . 
  eu could very well be a democratic functioning organisation capable of the same things even without the council of ministers . 
  current eu could not operate without the parliament . 
  if the eu were reformed , it could just as well work with an absolute monarch without any democratic leaders . 
  it would just be a different eu then . 
  is democracy an essential need , really ? 
   the thing is that legislation has already been formed and approved by democratic leaders before it reaches the parliament . 
  at that point it has not been formed and approved by all the democratic leaders required for legislation to pass , so no . 
  if you refer to the legislation being formed by commission and approved by council of ministers , so what ? 
  it can not become legislation * unless the parliament approves it * . 
  if the parliament rejects the legislation , it can not become a law . 
  if the parliament is unhappy with the formed law , the parliament can vote changes into the law and then approve it and then see if the council of ministers approve the changes . 
  you fail to understand that the parliament is not extra of the `` democratic leaders '' who form and approve the legislation . 
  the parliament * is a part * of those `` democratic leaders '' forming and approving the laws . 
   thereby , there exists a full and functioning process without the parliament . 
  yes ? 
  no , because according to the lisbon treaty the functioning legislative process of the eu for the most part is heavily dependent on the parliament . 
  what you say could be said about the council of ministers . 
  remove the council of ministers and just let the commission do the proposals and the democratic representatives of the parliament to approve the laws . 
  thereby , there exist a full and functioning process without the council of ministers . 
  yes ? 
  the point of bicameral legislation is to have the legislation pass through two institutions to have alternative views on the legislation . 
  the eu legislative system is bicameral , just like the us legislative system . 
  sure , unicameral legislative branches are possible ( like finland and sweden have ) , but within the eu , if one wants to make the legislation unicameral , one might as well remove the council of ministers and let the parliament alone pass the laws . 
  but within the current system , both the council of ministers and parliament are needed for legislation , and the commission is co-depedent on both the council of ministers and the parliament . 
   but i stand by that everything would function without the parliament . 
  if you are implying that the system could be changed to remove the parliament , * that could be said of the commission and council of minister also * . 
  one can imagine all kinds of eu systems which would work without the council of ministers/commission/parliament . 
  sure , they would also work , but in a different way , and in these cases we would not be talking about the current european union , but an imaginary hypothetical eu which can not be used to describe the functions of the real eu . 
   they are not an essential part of the legislation process for the most part in the current system , yes they are . 
  the parliament is essential to the current eu . 
  most laws in the eu require the approval of the parliament , so for the most legislation in the eu , the parliament is essential . 
   everything would function without the parliament . 
  they are just an extra check for having popular support . 
  parliament is not `` extra '' , but one of the fundamental bodies of the eu . 
  the parliament controls the eu budget , has the power to fire the commission and most of the eu law requires the approval of the parliament . 
  the curren head of the commission was also * de facto * elected by the parliament . 
  whereas the commission is there to represent the interest of the eu as a single whole and the council of ministers is to represent the interest of national government , the parliament is there to represent the interest of citizens of the eu . 
  in short , the parliament is the lower house of a bicameral legislative body and removing the parliament would require an immense restructuring of the fundamental institutions and agreements of the eu . 
   ratify or reject yes , but they ca n't pass any legislation that the commission does n't want passed . 
  likewise for the most part , the commission can not pass any legislation that the parliament does n't want passed , as most legislation requires the approval of the parliament . 
  if the commission refuses to make a legislative initiative the parliament asks , the parliament can refuse to pass an initiative the commission wishes to make a law . 
  i do n't speak swedish . 
  but standard swedish is n't written like it is pronounced , right ? 
  so you cannont compare the pronouncication when standard written swedish is n't written like it 's pronounced . 
   they pay taxes , but most of them receive more than they give . 
  that does not mean they are not part of the giving part at all . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  if someone pays taxes 20000/year and receive benefits and services worth 24000/year , sure , they get 4000 more than they paid , but that does not negate that they paid 20000/year . 
  these kind of people are both in the receive and give parts and the society still uses the money they paid to run the system . 
  the system would not work if these people would not pay taxes . 
  so the system works for the very reason these people are also `` givers '' . 
   see , if greece can be kept in the eu even after all that happens , that strengthens the idea of the eu . 
  and the idea is go economy first , humans second ? 
  the humanitarian consequences willingly caused by austerity are not my idea of eu and i do not want to support such an eu . 
  i say , let eu burn . 
   but if greece has shown us one thing , no matter how it plays out , it is that you have to be an idiot to act politically on your `` i am special and i deserve to be treated differently '' impulse . 
  it 's not that , but `` your economic demands have only worsened the situation for actual human beings , and we want to negotiate an alternative , more humane approach to this crisis '' . 
  but no , eu fucks humans dry in the ass . 
  i used to be pro-eu but i 'm not anymore . 
  the greek people . 
  it 's their fault and they must face austerity , even though it 's not nice . 
  edit : i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  greek people must suffer to face the consequences . 
  that is the idea of eu . 
  if you act irresponsibly economically , you must suffer and there 's no space for humanity . 
  that 's in the opening of the lisbon treaty . 
  what do you mean ? 
  most finns pay taxes . 
  of course you do n't want it to happen . 
  you 're german and only care about the german economy and what 's best for germans . 
    humanitarian trouble there , harming the people . 
  greek are still human beings  and cambodians are n't ? 
  excuxe my french , byt why the fuck did you willingly ignore the rest of the sentence i wrote , which clearly stated the reason ? 
  i wrote :  greek are still human beings , ** and being within the eu and eurozone , it is politically more feasible to support them than say , poorer nations in central america . 
  ** but no , you dipshit decided to ignore that just so you can be a bitch . 
  and yea , i already do give money for several charitable organizations . 
  but the subject here is politics , how governments decide to use their tax payers money . 
  i was n't talking about money . 
  i was talking about quality of life . 
  hitler was voted into the parliament and the democratically elected president made him the chancellor . 
  i 'd note to you that for the majority of countries the ministers either are n't voted into their power , but they are chosen by those who were voted to power . 
   there are countries poorer than greece that are n't begging for bailouts . 
  i 'm not talking about the financial situation , but the humanitarian situation .
