  when you know something in the video is genuine , it seems interesting , but when you find out it 's all acted and fake , it looses it 's charm . 
  i do n't really like drag shows , but i do realize that conchita was * a good drag show * . 
  ( btw he 's not transgender , just a gay guy with a show . 
  dana international , who won the eurovision 17 years ago is a transgender . ), 
  thanks !, 
  you too !, 
  eurovision has n't in ages been about great music and songs . 
  it 's about having spectacular or even campy shows and very unoriginal cheesy schlager and pop . 
  there 's a reason the gay community has a large eurovision fan base . 
  edit : [ this buzzfeed article ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/ellievhall/everything-americans-need-to-know-about-eurovision#.benxdkdx2 ) explains the core of eurovision quite well even to us europeans . 
  audi , video !, 
  i got curious , as finnish does not have a possessive case , only genitive case , and wondered what possessive case is in estonian . 
  are n't genitive and possessive the same thing ? 
  to add , olli snellman , the superintendent of the finnish immigration office said he is puzzled about the discussion in the school . 
  translations from [ this article ] ( http://www.savonsanomat.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/pukeutuminen-kuuluu-perusoikeuksiin/2131750 ) : * `` i have n't encountered an idea like this anywhere in a long time '' * * snellman highlights that everyone can dress like they want . 
  it is a fundamental right . 
  * * he considers it somewhat old fashioned to make checklists about cultures and follow them when interacting with people . 
  * likewise in [ this article ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/pitkaan_maahanmuuttajien_parissa_tyoskennellyt_nainen_pukeutuminen_ei_ole_koskaan_ollut_ongelma/8320203 ) it is said that the school did n't actually give any instructions : * according to the principal of the school , ensio vatanen , dress codes have not been announced in the school . 
  * * `` before the asylum seekers arrived the students and staff of the school and few residents of the dormitory discussed about living in the dormitory and how to dress , after the initiative of the students . 
  lax dressing was one of the discussion subjects , and we told that it might cause bafflement '' , vatanen specifies . 
  on a bit darker side , that reminded me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mktorfmmycq ) , as it 's referred in that . 
  because it offers a platform for sovereign nations of the world to discuss things . 
  it 's more beneficial to be there discussing with others than to be outside of the discussions . 
  un does not even have the authority to do anything . 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  the difference in the culture how people live is massive . 
  similar architecture does not change this . 
  a tiny factor . 
  language , heritage and prosperity on the other hand are huge factors . 
  i we go back a few steps , what i think is seen ironic is that instead of st. petersburg and the winter palace , or moscow red square and kremlin and such very famous and beautiful russian examples representing russia in those photos , the city representing russia is a city which for most of it 's history has been culturally foreign for russia , and that this changed only as recently as in wwii . 
  when i 've been looking at pictures of vyborg , it does strike to me as quite finnish , especially on the jugend and classical buildings of the early 20th century . 
  now vyborg is quite run down , but a closer view [ like this ] ( http://www.asergeev.com/p/xl-2011-950-20/vyborg_russia_may-the_city_from_saint_olaf.jpg ) is architeturally rather close to the buildings in [ helsinki ] ( http://files.klt.objektvision.se/image.aspx?f=/13476/148029415.1274767&amp;pad=1&amp;pc=ffe8e8e8&amp;us=0&amp;wm=1000&amp;hm=751 ) . 
  finnish cities do have the strong neoclassical influence from imperial russia , evident for example in [ st. petersburg ] ( http://www.cruisingexcursions.com/imgcrop/excursions/8/st-petersburg.jpg ) , so that explains many of the similarities . 
  well , technically 20 years is `` decades '' , so in the year 2015 it is applicable to say there have n't been strikes of this magnitude in decades , if the last similar one was 24 years ago . 
  as the building industry is highly sensitive to recession , the government goal was not stimulate the whole economy to grow , but to prevent the building industry collapsing completely which would have deepened recession and increased unemployment . 
  and while the amount of ara apartments increased , the total rate of new construction projects after the government intervention was same as before the recession . 
  this prevention was made mainly by just government paying some of the debt interests of the building industry to their creditors . 
  that is n't government stimulating the economy out of recession , as government is n't adding new money to the economy to projects which would increase demand . 
  what the government did was just helping one sector of the economy keep standing by paying the interests of its debts . 
   wages have risen 20 % while gdp has contracted . 
  i did n't say they have n't increased . 
  and the cost of living has also been rising while the gdp has been stagnating . 
   you seem to think that we can only have one problem in the economy at the time . 
  no , but rather i 'm criticizing the government who thinks the cost of labor is the problem , and tries to achieve internal devaluation by lowering the wages . 
   mechanical wood industry is also in trouble . 
  when the labor costs for a 24/7 mill are lower in both sweden and germany the new investments are not made in finland . 
  as overall the labor costs in finland are lower than in germany or in sweden , and are rising slower than in germany or in sweden , i really do n't see the point of internal devaluation . 
   which is very ironic given how much finland criticized countries , like mine you do realize that the government of finland = / = finland ? 
  what opinions the government voices do not represent the opinions of the political opposition , nor the opinion of the society as a whole . 
   we have done stimulus last 7 years with no noticeable effect . 
  no , we have n't . 
  can you name any significant stimulus investment target the government has done during the past 7 years to combat recession ? 
  we have n't really done any debt-funded stimulus , which would have introduced new money to the economy to catalyze economic growth . 
  for the past 7 years the leading party has been either the coalition party or the center party , and during 2007 - 2011 both of them were in the government , and both parties are fiscally on the right , ideologically opposing treating recession with debt stimulus , offering austerity and tax cuts on business instead . 
   as a result our public sector is now largest in eu ( when compared to gdp ) and the public sector debt has grown more than in 1990s recession . 
  the public sector size compared to gdp is not meant for comparison between countries , because the public sector is defined different way in different countries . 
  for example in finland the public sector includes almost all of the pensions costs paid by the private sector to the pension funds ( which have the total value of 180 billion euros ) , and not all countries count these pension costs to public sector . 
  secondly , during recessions public sector naturally increases if the gdp goes down , as public sector size is commonly presented as percentage of the gdp . 
  so if the gdp goes down and the actual size of public sector remains the same , on paper the public sector grows , even though there would not be any real life growth . 
  secondly the public sector naturally grows during recessions , as more people are unemployed and need welfare . 
  when the gdp goes up , two things happen : 1 ) the public sector `` shrinks '' even though it 's real size would be the same and 2 ) more people are employed and the public spending on welfare decreases . 
   during the recession the wages have continued climbing . 
  yes , but at a lower rate than before , because the labor unions and trade unions agreed to lower the increase of wages , specifically for that companies would have to spend less money on employees than projected . 
   finnish industry would more competitive , no fiscal contraction , everyone would be happy . 
  the problem of finnish economy is not that labor is too expensive . 
  it 's that we do n't have good enough products to export since the downfall of nokia and pulp industry . 
  decreasing labor costs is not going to create new products to export . 
  yea , infrastructure development has the effect of stimulating the economy , but what i was aiming for that with pay cuts for everyone , also the infrastructure sector employees , and the investment for infrastructure coming from pay cuts , the stimulating effect on the total economy is n't really substantial , and additionally , the government has n't even suggested using the pay cuts to fund infrastructure projects , but rather just to decrease government spending and make labor cheaper for private companies . 
  how so ? 
  using those saved euros for infrastructure does not bring new money into the economy to catalyze economic growth . 
  it simply directs the money from small & medium business serving the employees more to infrastructure companies . 
  sure , the employees on the infrastructure sector have more chances for jobs , but their salaries have also been cut , so the small and medium businesses serving the employees do n't manage just with the money transferred to the infrastructure sector . 
  debt should be taken to introduce new money to the economy as a catalyst . 
  public debt funded stimulus on infrastructure for example , without pay cuts , would bring new money to the companies and their employees , and as their pay has n't been cut , and neither has the salaries of others been cut either , this money ends up as additional money circulating in the economy , resulting the other companies also having more revenue and opportunities to hire people and expand their business , resulting that the economy starts running on it 's own again . 
  and significant tax cuts in current situation would result in less income for the state again , resulting in more cuts in public spending . 
   for example , less vacation time - the people still get the same money , but have to work a bit more , to keep the companies competetive . 
  but the issue here is that the working times are n't generally for the employees to decide , and a huge part of these workers work in the public sector . 
  nurses and police ca n't just all say `` we will all do more shifts '' . 
  so the real life consequence is that people do the same amount of work , but get paid less . 
  and as the cost of living remains the same , people do n't have as much money to use . 
  small and medium size business mainly serving domestic customers will see a decrease in customers , as people have less money to use . 
  the result is that domestic economy starts stagnating , as domestic small business have less income from customers . 
   also they have been spending like this for years and the economy has n't gotten better , so something has to change . 
  during the economic crisis of 2007 we had a fiscally right government led by the center party and the second largest party being the most fiscally right coalition party . 
  since 2011 the government was led by coalition party again , but the whole government was a disaster with coalition party trying to collaborate with left parties like social democrats , left alliance and greens and they resulted very little and in the end the left alliance and greens left the party . 
  and now we have the most fiscally right conservative government one could imagine . 
  what should change is the fiscally right attitude towards government spending , austerity and debt . 
  in my opinion the past governments should have applied keynesian debt-funded stimulus for the economy to kick start the economy . 
  we are still among the most competitive and innovative countries in the world , and in many such rankings above sweden and germany , which the government claims are better than us . 
  we have less debt per capita than sweden , uk , germany and france , we have excellent credit rankings and we can take loans with very low interest rate . 
  but as this is directly opposed to the fiscally right ideology , they wo n't do it . 
  instead the past and current government takes debt to cover the budget deficits . 
  what we have done since the global recession is taken debt to fill the leaking holes of the boat with paper which dissolves away . 
  instead we should take debt to buy glue to fill the holes so everyone can focus on moving forward instead of worrying the holes . 
   are n't the richer people already taxed very heavily ? 
  well , not all of them , no . 
  [ here 's a graph ] ( http://blogi.kansanelakelaitos.fi/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/verokuvio_blogi.jpg ) on how the total income taxation for annual income works in practice . 
  many rich people ( including the prime minister ) and companies utilize tax havens and the government opposes actions to tackle tax evasion by the rich people . 
  even on the eu level the government of finland opposes restrictions on tax havens and such , even though the eu loses up to 1000 billion euros a year because of tax evasions . 
   so if you want to really change anything , you have to make changes that affect the largest group of people .
