  and i 'd note that you have n't provided any kind of sources for your claims . 
   and if you had n't , then i 'm `` allowed '' to call parties talk about it marketing more then you 're `` allowed '' to call their brainfuck talk ( or just talk of the fools , i do n't know - this is the primary misunderstanding ) a path to socialism . 
  how do you differentiate what is a * true opinion and goal * and what is * merely marketing * ? 
  if a political party states their policy and goals , what reasons do you have to say they are not true policies and goals , but merely marketing ? 
   there 's premise not invented by me that only way to reach socialism from capitalism is armed fight . 
  yes , i used that as premises are used , to bring some conclusions . 
  yes , it 's a premise invented by you . 
  for example the highly respected [ merriam-webster dictionary ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/social%20democracy ) defines social democracy like this : * a political movement that uses principles of democracy to change a capitalist country to a socialist one * * a country that uses both capitalist and socialist practices * [ encyclopedia britannica ] ( http://global.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/551073/social-democracy ) defines social democracy starting with this : * social democracy , political ideology that advocates a peaceful , evolutionary transition of society from capitalism to socialism using established political processes * [ socialist international ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_international ) , which is the umbrella organization for most of the worlds social democratic and democratic socialist parties states in [ it 's principles ] ( http://www.socialistinternational.org/viewarticle.cfm?articleid=31 ) like this : * political democracy , for socialists , is the necessary framework and precondition for other rights and liberties . 
  * * democratic socialism is an international movement for freedom , social justice and solidarity . 
  its goal is to achieve a peaceful world where these basic values can be enhanced and where each individual can live a meaningful life with the full development of his or her personality and talents and * *** with the guarantee of human and civil rights in a democratic framework of society *** . 
  *** political democracy is an indispensable element of a socialist society *** . 
  * democratic socialism is a continuing process of social and economic democratisation and of increasing social justice . 
  * * democracy and human rights are also the substance of popular power , and the indispensable mechanism whereby people can control the economic structures which have so long dominated them . 
  * *** without democracy , social policies can not disguise the dictatorial character of a government . 
  *** so , as the merriam-webster dictionary , encyclopedia britannica and socialist international all disagree with your claim that armed fight is the only way socialist try to achieve socialism , your premise what socialism is is proven false with sources . 
   you must provide an evidence of reached socialism without armed fight . 
  no i do n't . 
  ** i never claimed there has been a fully democratic socialist country , so i do n't have to prove there is one . 
  ** i only have stated that some forms of socialism are not in conflict with democracy . 
  there are self-identified socialists who try to achieve socialism through democracy , and their ideology is defined by merriam-webster and encyclopedia britannica as a form to achieve socialism . 
  now , why would encyclopedia britannica and merriam-webster be wrong on this , and why would you be right ? 
  what sources do you have that are more authoritative and prove those two sources are wrong ? 
   are you talking about ivo morales ? 
   some sort of death is living in pain . 
  still , you do n't need to feed deadman . 
  point : none . 
    social democracy and democratic socialism are n't generally opposed to democracy , but rather generally try to combine socialist economy with a democratic government , like socialists in finland have done . 
   that 's not socialism . 
  that 's marketing . 
  of course you claim that , because otherwise you would have to admit that your knowledge about socialism was lacking . 
  and rather than acknolwedge that your knowledge was lacking , you claim that `` but that 's just marketing ! '', 
  your argument is like ignoring what marx says about communism and then claiming `` what marx said is n't true communism , it 's marketing '' . 
  you in effect have built a defence which you can use to deflect any references that point you are wrong . 
  it 's like youn earth creationist ignoring conflinting proof by saying `` it 's a plot by satan '' . 
   so , that 's not socialism . 
  of course it is n't , because if it were , you would have to admit that you were wrong about what socialism can be . 
  and you do n't want to admit that you were wrong . 
   no it is n't a form of socialism , it 's a wiki page . 
  a page with sources and which is constantly edited so that it represents the point of view preseneted in the sources . 
  a better reference source than your own incorrect assumption based on nothing . 
   for example , there are political parties named `` social-liberal '' in denmark and croatia but that naming act did n't bring proofs that used expression is meaningful . 
  the social democrats in finland had concrete socialistic goals , like planned economy and worker owned means of production . 
    why would they be the only three options ? 
   because all of major politics in socialism is conducted by communists . 
  this has not been the case in finland . 
   your situation is inversely proportional : you call them socialists and that 's a very legal way to call social-democrats or such when you aware the fact they 've got no connection to socialism - or to say it correctly - they are n't communists . 
  i said that social democrats used to be socialist . 
  and that people still voted for them . 
  i offered that to you as a proof that people do vote for socialist candinates and parties , something you refused to believe . 
  and socialism still is n't communism . 
  you seem to fail to understand that difference , believing that socialism = communism and that a socialist state = communist state with dictartorship of the proletariat . 
   i 'm telling you that you must reach some arm dealer before you 're going to implement the socialism . 
  and as i have presented to you how socialist in finland worked through democratic processes , renouncing the use of force , and i presented you information about democratic socialism , you ignored them , saying democratic socialism is just `` marketing '' , as if there is conspiracy to cover up their true goals . 
  yea , that 's a good argument , to ingore every conflicting reference as a part of a conspiracy which only you know . 
   there 's no `` influence part '' in reaching socialism , just armed power part . 
  of course there is n't , because if there were , * you would have to change your opinion * , but to you , your opinion matters more than facts , so you are willing to ignore facts about democratic socialism as marketing conspiracy , and you are willing to ignore the sourced information on wikipedia as `` it 's just a wiki page '' . 
   you ca n't put usual frame around socialism and talk about it as something it is n't . 
  and what , in your opinion , it is n't ? 
  it 's a political ideology which , in some countries , has been commonly advanced through democracy . 
   and again , no time has spwnd more for anyhing else then contemplating how socialism can be reached . 
  and the solution is only one : by force . 
   saying everything else is just an ignorance or brainfuck of political castes . 
  social democracy and democratic socialism are commonly supported forms of socialism , and they generally renonunce the use of force , instead aiming to achieve some sort of socialism through democratic progress . 
  this is a fact and you can not ignore it . 
   they would fight against those who would try to destroy democracy . 
  one who claims differently does n't know what socialism is . 
  simple as that . 
  social democracy and democratic socialism are n't generally opposed to democracy , but rather generally try to combine socialist economy with a democratic government , like socialists in finland have done . 
   tell me , hypothetically for that world of yours , when they implement socialism and when public opinion change , and opposition become majority , do you think the reverse process to democracy would be similarly peaceful ? 
  i never said democracy would be abolished . 
  if opinions change , people vote legislators who change the constitution , like they have done all the time . 
     so , yours `` socialists '' would have rolepart in bringing socialism equal in significance with the rolepart of zoo chimps or hockey clubs union 's secretaries . 
    not in the case where there is no dictatorship of the proletariat lead by the communists . 
   so , you 're talking about something that is n't socialism . 
  democratic socialism is a form of socialism . 
  look it up : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_socialism  there are no role for `` socialists '' in socialism , their role is not worth mentioning or they would be forbidden . 
  those are only three possible options . 
  why would they be the only three options ? 
    you ignored the part where i said social democrats were just a few decades ago more strongly socialist , and people did vote for them . 
  they had goals of planned socialist economy with workers owning the means of production . 
  and people voted for them . 
  so yea , people do vote for socialists . 
   the brainfuckers which used the soviets threat for their own political careers . 
  that was the center party , or its leader kekkonen who used the soviet threat to strengthen his position . 
  the center party was n't really interested in socialism . 
  and if you would do some research , the social democrats won elections in finland * before the soviet union even existed * . 
  and after the wwii finns were very wary against the soviet union , but still voted socialists . 
  somehow you refuse to accept that people in finland actually have voted for socialists . 
   everybody has talked about how `` he 's trying to become white '' . 
  all of them involved in talks knew he ca n't reach that goal or just knew that is n't his goal . 
  so , are you saying that every political ideology which has no chance in a democracy to become the single existing government policy should be abandoned or is a crap ideology ? 
  i tend to vote for the greens in finland . 
  i know finland will never have a democratically elected parliament with greens being the single party in there . 
  does that stop me from voting the greens ? 
  no , because them having some influence is better than them having no influence . 
   you ca n't reach socialim without armed rebellion . 
  one could argue that you can not reach any form of government representing single pure political ideology democratically , since there will always be those who disagree . 
  this does not mean all political ideologies are nonsense , but rather that every political ideology with enough support can influence the actual government . 
   tell me , when they would get two thirds of the parliament and change the constitution to implement socialism , who would finance needed money to fight private armies in finland resisting implementation of new laws ? 
  why would there be private armies ?
