  paying taxes could be regarded as slavery then . 
  like taxes are used to suport students : `` slavery for the benefit of students . '', 
  entrepreneurship does not mean becoming very rich with your own company . 
  it means developing and creating new business on your own . 
  many professionals in entrepreneurs do n't profit from the company becoming super big and profitable . 
  they profit from starting up new interesting businesses with new ideas , and then sell them for profit , for example for google or facebook . 
  then they go on to try and set up another business . 
  that 's entrepreneurship too , and is independent from taxes for rich people . 
  being a haven for entrepreneurship means haven for developing , starting and running new businesses . 
  finland for example does n't tax monetary or share wealth . 
  so someone with 70 billion on bank account or equivalent worth in company shares is taxed from that wealth as much as someone with 5 dollars on bank account or equivalent worth of company shares : zero . 
  i think it was so that the wealth of ikea is on some dutch non-profit organization with lower taxes , nominally working to advance interior and furniture design , and the founder of ikea happens to be the president of that non-profit and gets paid substantially for his position , but the actual wealth nominally is not his personal possession . 
   because their welfare system is broken so no real incentive to become very rich . . yeah , i 'm sure there 's no incentive work if you can have a billion euro wealth . 
  that 's just * a million euros for each month for 70 years * . 
  that 's just not enough !, 
  it does not motivate anyone !, 
  its not * very * rich !, 
  i feel there 's some miscommunication happening here . 
  let 's try another approach . 
  do you think hateful speech , hate crimes and other outright racist and intolerant behavior towards muslims , including those who have long lived or even been born in europe , will significantly increase or risk increasing due to the immigration crisis ? 
  if you do believe the behavior from point 1 will increase or risks increasing significantly , do you accept said behavior ? 
  if you do not accept the behavior from point 1 , do you want people to voice their concern of said behavior ? 
  if you do not accept the behavior from point 1 , and want people to voice their concern of it , can people refer to said behavior as bigotry ? 
  bonus question : do you think it is possible for person to be worried about the huge influx of immigrants , their effect on society * and at the same time * be worried about hateful speech , hate crimes and other outright racist and intolerant behavior targeted towards immigrants and muslims in general ? 
  oh , that makes it okay then !, 
  there was n't anything ridiculous or racist about it . 
  attacks on gays in europe are mostly by white men . 
  it 's understandable , because the overwhelming majority of europeans are white . 
  these same white men who attack gays tend to be the ones who are the loudest on the backwardness of foreigners . 
  even if the person above agreed on far right on immigration issues , he would never trust them , as they are the ones mostly attacking gays . 
  in [ another comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/477c2z/across_europe_gay_migrants_face_abuse_in_asylum/d0azxi3 ) i outlined an example from finland where anti-immigrants in an anti-immigration forum were blaming muslims for a tear gas attack in helsinki pride , and when it was revealed the perpetrators were far right , the forum largely started attacking lgbt minorities , disparaging us , questioning our rights , downplaying the tear gas attack and so on . 
  as another example , helsinki had a `` hetero pride '' for celebration of traditional relationships and in opposition of same sex marriage . 
  [ here 's a photo of some of the participants ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9z3cbidheni/uj_qyzutfzi/aaaaaaaaapw/sfnvg3nkgf8/s1600/hetero+pride+hki+j%c3%a4ljilt%c3%a4+heilausta+pilke+silm%c3%a4kulmassa+21.9.2013+seppo+lehto+pic27.jpg ) . 
  do you really think it 's ridiculous and racist to say that the same white far right people who are violent against gays are also the ones most loudly speaking about how foreigners are backward ? 
  do you really think that for someone who thinks equal treatment of lgbt is important , it is wise to trust the far right , when the far right is the common perpetrator of homophobic violence ? 
   politicians and the majority of people do n't care about lgbt , they 'll be the first ones to be thrown under the bus if mentality changes and become less tolerant . 
  my guess is that when mentality changes and becomes less tolerant in europe , muslims will be the first ones to be thrown under the bus . 
  [ also in america ] ( https://youtu.be/1hlceiuatzg?t=5m20s ) . 
  take into consideration that the opinion `` i 'm against homosexuality '' for the most people thinking like that is n't in any way affecting their lives . 
  homosexuality just is not relevant to their life in any way , they do n't really have to think about the issue , it does n't really manifest into some activity . 
  for many gay people who grow up with parents who are homophobic it 's not like their parents are horrible assholes . 
  they just have one stupid bigoted attitude , and for many of these parents , these attitudes and opinion change when their kids come out . 
  i think it 's unreasonable to say these people change from `` horrible homophobic assholes '' into `` good people '' because they change their opinion when they have to face issue personally . 
  i think it is more reasonable to accept that good people can have bad opinions . 
  there are no perfect people , so we have to accept even the good people have flaws , and not in the `` oh his farts smell really bad '' way , but as in people who otherwise behave respectfully and are really polite , fair and caring can have one limited sector where their normal dominant qualities are n't apparent . 
   the problem is : among the finnish people , there is a small minority who would act that aggressive against gay people ; among immigrants , the `` minority '' who would act aggressive against gay people would be much greater . 
  i 'm not denying that problem . 
  i wrote the comment above because while immigrant muslims do n't read out these comments , europeans worrying about immigration do read these comments , and i want them know that this kind of issue also exist . 
  i want them to recognize that bigoted people will use the experiences of lgbt people as an excuse for bigotry , and try to hide their bigotry behind crocodile tears . 
  it reminds me of people who were bigoted against lgbt people in regard of same sex adoption rights , and said as their opposition is based on to protect the rights of children , that as they are worried about the rights of children , it 's not bigotry and they are not bigoted . 
  but at the same time many of these people said television shows should not have lgbt people , children should n't be taught about lgbt issues in sex education and so on , i.e. 
  they used any opportunity to oppose that lgbt teens and children would receive information about them . 
  so their care for `` rights of children '' was just a mask for bigotry against lgbt people , as lgbt children did not have rights to information concerning them . 
  what i 'm saying that people will try to smuggle bigotry and intolerance to be accepted in fake shrouds of noble causes and genuine problems , and the shrouds may make people accept intolerance and bigotry without them realizing . 
  the fact is , that bigotry and intolerance towards muslims is also on the rise , and people will try to make that bigotry and intolerance seem acceptable by sugaring it with seemingly noble motivations . 
  a hyperbole : * `` muslim people on average are significantly more homophobic than europeans . 
  in many muslim countries , gay people are murdered because of their sexuality . 
  if the amount of muslims in europe significantly increase , muslim hate crimes toward lgbt people will significantly increase . 
  we must protect lgbt people from hate crimes . 
  muslims should not have the right to seek asylum from eu and must be deported to their home countries . 
  * '' here , facts and and easily agreeable probabilities and suggestions are topped in the last sentence with a suggestion of institutionalized bigotry targeting people of certain religion . 
  it is much easier to agree to bigoted suggestion and opinions , when they are first framed with good golden intentions . 
  the principle is similar to leading polls . 
  think about a poll * `` finland has one of the largest public sectors among countries . 
  many economist see large public spending as a contributor to economic recessions . 
  greece is economically ruined because of escalated public spending . 
  do you agree with the suggestion that finland should make significant cuts to its public sector ? 
  '' * lgbt people have been targets of bigotry for ages . 
  the fact that muslims on average are much more bigoted than europeans does not justify bigotry against muslims . 
  just as lgbt people should n't be targets of bigotry , neither should muslims be targets of bigotry . 
  in the lgbt discussion i 've seen people accept bigotry towards lgbt people without them even realizing what they were doing , when basically some people said `` think of the children ! '', 
  i 've seen seemingly good causes used to rally people into bigotry , and these people believing it 's not bigotry but a necessary measure . 
  as someone who has been target of personal , institutionalized and violent bigotry , i do not want that kind of bigotry towards muslims justified in the name of my rights . 
  and in the end , i underline that i do n't have an answer or a clear suggestion how to solve the refugee issue . 
  i 'm not saying that decisions to take less asylum seekers is bigotry . 
  i 'm not saying strict border control is bigotry . 
  i 'm not saying the view `` more muslims in europe will increase problems in europe '' is bigotry . 
  the issue is very complicated , and imo many people resort to bigotry because it feels the easiest answer . 
  edit : typos . 
   you ca n't just wish intolerance away by ignoring it , you have to fight against it . 
  you can fight intolerance away without being intolerant yourself . 
  lgbt movement has * for decades * fought against intolerance , but they have n't done it by being intolerant towards straight people . 
   same thing with racism , i do n't think it 'd be reasonable to let millions of racist people come over here . 
  do you think it is reasonable & right thing to do to judge & treat every single one of these people as a racists due to their ethnicity/religion ? 
   ( 2 ) in the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in a democratic society . 
  that does not really say human rights are conditional and that a society may place limits on human rights as long as they meet the criteria of being `` just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare '' in a democratic society . 
  it only says about * people * being `` subject to limitations '' , not * human rights * being subject to limitations . 
  for example setting speed limits for driving is a limitation for people , but it 's not a limitation of human right . 
  the very following article 30 says this : ** `` nothing in this declaration may be interpreted as implying for any state , group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein . 
  '' ** for example you can not use section 2 of article 29 to limit the freedom to live and say '' * human rights are conditional and we did n't break human rights . 
  we were only killing those people we hate because we were securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in our democratic people 's republic of korea * '' . 
  also the very third part of article 29 says this :  ( 3 ) these rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  this also means that you shoud n't collectively deny human rights from some ethnicity or religion on the basis of `` protecting human rights '' . 
  you can not collectively punish all muslims for the actions of some muslims . 
  you can not refuse asylum from some ethnicity on the basis on what some other of that ethnicity has done . 
  oh come on . 
  i have an impression what might be meant with `` importing political islam '' , but that impression is colored mainly by partisan online discussions , and i have n't that actively been following the immigration discussions in english , ( nor in my native finnish ) . 
  and seeing the term usually has a very different meaning , `` finland imports coffee '' and such , when it was used in the context here , i did not have a clear impression of what the question was . 
  just vague assumptions . 
  i 'd rather ask clarifications than make assumptions what the other meant , because wrong assumptions about the stances and meanings of others are the main reason people kill themselves over online discussions .
