  current understanding of global warming is based on thousands and thousands of studies . 
  and when a climate skeptic finds * one * study that says otherwise , he claims it proves all the other thousand and thoushands of studies are now refuted . 
  i 'll ask you a question : ** what kind of proof would you demand to believe same-sex parents are as good as male-female parents ?? 
  **  your faith in science is way over the top . 
  that is your only argument here . 
  science , science , science . 
  well yea , after a certain point , the capacity of normal human being to make sense of the world is limited and blurred by resources , ideologies and cultures , so in order to understand the world more , we have to trust in science . 
  if you want to see the results of people who do not have faith in science , look at anti-vaccers who refuse to listen to science and then we get measles and other epidemics that can kill children . 
  besides , this started from your claim that '' * the best substitution for a child 's family is another mother and father * '' . 
  if that claim should not be studied with science , then how do you measure `` best '' ? 
  what is the `` best '' in here , if social studies , psychology , psychiatry and other sciences relating to human behavior are not to be trusted ? 
   the positivist notion that empirical methods can be applied to the liberal arts is , in my view , false and you fail to see it . 
  however , if you read the article , you 'd see it is in fact scientific , but your bias is preventing you to . 
  scientific articles go trough peer-review process and are published in scientific journals . 
  that article is not peer-reviewed and not published in a scientific journal . 
   the point is , you 're not thinking nor looking around . 
  i can say the exact same thing about you , so that point is completely meaningless . 
   science is your god , while metaphysics or philosophical anthropology are strangers to you , even if they have superior methods to deal with the problem . 
  explaining it all would require a great deal of effort i do not posses for a social justice warrior . 
  to be frank , you sound like a kind of social anti-justice warrior because you are willing to ignore the broad view of scientific field because '' * methaphysics and philosophical anthropology have superior methods to deal with the problem * '' . 
  i 've got news to you : they do n't . 
   i do not equate love and relationships . 
  you do . 
  there may be no teleological digression between these two forms of love , however that is not the case for a relationship . 
  you said that the relationship of a same-sex couple who wants children is `` fundamentally different from a heterosexual family '' . 
  the vast majority of people see that love and commitment is part of a long-term-relationship , the kind people who start families have . 
  i do not equate love with relationships , but i see it as a part of it , like the vast majority of people see . 
  you claim the relationship in same sex families is fundamentally different . 
   you 'll need to read what i wrote again ( and the article i posted , do n't forget about that ! ) . 
  i read . 
  yet you again fail to specify what the fundamental difference is . 
  the article you posted does not make any claims of fundamental differences either . 
   it 's amazing how you do not stop at the notion that i 'm a homo . 
  why should i ? 
   your will to prove your point is so large you 're trying to tell me you know what i think , what i 've experienced and what i 've deduced in life . 
  i just pointed out that you did n't present how your sexuality supports your argument . 
  you again say that you 've experienced and decuded something in life , but you refuse to say what . 
  you said '' * do not try to make this about legitimate feelings between two adults . 
  i should know , being a gay man all my life * '' but you in no way presented why you being gay should mean you know any better . 
  so it 's irrelevant , as you did n't say what in you being gay actually relates to the argument . 
  you just said `` i know because i 'm gay ''  and i never wrote i was right because i 'm gay , i merely wrote i think i know more about homosexual love than you . 
  yet you completerly failed to say what is the fundamental difference in homosexual love / relationship that `` you know '' but refuse to tell others . 
   where homosexual relationships digress is in their teleology . 
  so do not try to make this about legitimate feelings between two adults . 
  i should know , being a gay man all my life . 
  in addition , if you are gay , how would you know how gay and heterosexual relationships are fundamentally different , if * you are unable to ever experience a heterosexual one * ? 
   you chose only the articles that affirm your view on the matter and applied abstracts of each to prove your point further . 
  except those articles themselves say that the view is based on large variety of studies . 
  now you are claiming that all of them chose only the articles that support the point ? 
  do you have any proof for that ? 
  that each of them has faulty methodology , and this fault being pointed by several replicated different studies ? 
   what you omit is the methodological problems these studies face , not to mention one of your links does not work ( have you even read the articles you so gratuitously posted above ? ) . 
  yea , i have read the articles i posted . 
  i just have an old file on my computer i had collected the crucial parts . 
  the links just might have gone old , but the references still exist and you can google them . 
   as i do not have time to summarize it , here is an article refuting all of these social science studies . 
  it 's a blog post from a conservative think tank that categorically is against gay marriage and adoption . 
  if you say that my sources were selective , how do you know that your sources are n't ? 
  your source is categorically against gay marriages and adoption , whereas my sources are scientific bodies and studies . 
  besides , scientific statements should not be taken from partisan non-scientific blogs . 
  the blog you linked is not a scientific study nor a scientific body making a statement . 
  science is n't done in blog posts . 
  there are blog posts refuting global warming , evolution , hiv-aids connection and so on and people like you and me do n't spot the errors in them , because we are not professionals in those fields . 
  likewise the writer of that blog is not a professional of the subject , and in addition he has a political agenda against gay marriage . 
  do you have the qualifications to spot if he has written disinformation to that blog post ? 
  i assume you do not . 
  no lay man has , and that is why scientific claims are not to be taken from blogs . 
  to refute scientific studies , one must publish a scientific study , not write a blog post . 
  to refute statements from scientific authorities , one must present contradicting statements from a much larger body of scientific authorities . 
  you presented neither , instead linked a single blog post from a source which is neither a scientific study nor a scientific authority . 
   do n't believe any study just because it is peer-reviewed notwithstanding the methodological errors . 
  look around you and think . 
  what makes you think i have n't looked around and thought ? 
  have you thought about things ? 
   it has nothing to do with love . 
  homosexual love is equal in terms of worth with heterosexual . 
  period . 
  where homosexual relationships digress is in their teleology . 
  natural phenomena , just like the feeling of love , do n't have any other meaning or purpose that we give to them . 
  there is no fundamental difference in homosexual and heterosexual love in their purpose or meaning , other than we wish to ascribe to them , and what we ascribe to them depends on the person . 
  you say there is a fundamental difference in the teleology of homosexual and heterosexual relationships . 
  yet you failed to name it . 
   so do not try to make this about legitimate feelings between two adults . 
  i should know , being a gay man all my life . 
  you being gay does not make your argument right . 
  a black person can think africans are subhumans who deserve to be slaves . 
  the color of his skin does not prove his argument is right . 
  and as you failed to name what is the actual fundamental difference , your claim of fundamental difference does not stand . 
   the best substitution for a child 's family is another mother and father . 
  research indicates that there 's not really difference when it comes to same sex parents and male-female parents adopting . 
  for example :  * a review of the psychological research into the well-being of children raised by same-sex and opposite-sex parents continues to indicate that there are no reliable differences in their mental health or social adjustment and that lesbian mothers and gay fathers are not less fit as parents than are their heterosexual counterparts . 
  * - marriage of same-sex couples -- 2006 position statement canadian psychological association https://web.archive.org/web/20090419195945/http://www.cpa.ca/cpasite/userfiles/documents/marriage%20of%20same-sex%20couples%20position%20statement%20-%20october%202006%20%281%29.pdf  * in keeping with the broader family studies literature , the literature discussed here indicates that the family factors that are important for children 's outcomes and well-being are family processes and the quality of interactions and relationships . 
  the research indicates that parenting practices and children 's outcomes in families parented by lesbian and gay parents are likely to be at least as favourable as those in families of heterosexual parents , despite the reality that considerable legal discrimination and inequity remain significant challenges for these families . 
  * - elizabeth short , damien w. riggs , amaryll perlesz , rhonda brown , graeme kane : lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( lgbt ) parented families -- a literature review prepared for the australian psychological society , http://www.psychology.org.au/assets/files/lgbt-families-lit-review.pdf  * although it is sometimes asserted in policy debates that heterosexual couples are inherently better parents than same-sex couples , or that the children of lesbian or gay parents fare worse than children raised by heterosexual parents , those assertions find no support in the scientific research literature . 
  [ ... ] the research literature on gay , lesbian , and bisexual parents includes more than two dozen empirical studies . 
  these studies vary in the quality of their samples , research design , measurement methods , and data analysis techniques . 
  however , they are impressively consistent in their failure to identify deficits in parenting abilities or in the development of children raised in a lesbian or gay household . 
  * - the california psychological association , the american psychiatric association , and the american association for marriage and family therapy as amici curiae in support of plaintiff-appellees http://www.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/general/2010/10/27/amicus29.pdf  * there is ample evidence to show that children raised by same-gender parents fare as well as those raised by heterosexual parents . 
  more than 25 years of research have documented that there is no relationship between parents ' sexual orientation and any measure of a child 's emotional , psychosocial , and behavioral adjustment . 
  these data have demonstrated no risk to children as a result of growing up in a family with 1 or more gay parents .
