   i 'm expecting fellatio machines to start appearing in public places to prevent rape . 
  well , we do have sex shops where people can buy for example fleshlights . 
  i bet they are outlawed in bulgaria for being too modern and immoral . 
  how the fuck is milk comparable to semen ? 
  do you equal dairy products like cheese , ice cream , butter and cow * milk * with cattle semen ? 
  like ice cream is comparable to frozen cow semen ? 
  and mother breastfeeding children is comparable to father ejaculating to kids mouth ? 
  while finland is not scandinavia , that is sometimes the case in finland . 
  parents have a 158 days they can split together ( in addition to 105 days of maternal leave ) . 
  in the end 98 % of the 158 days is used by mothers . 
  it has been suggested in finland that the model would be so called `` 6-6-6 '' , where 6 months is set for the mother , 6 months for the father and 6 months to be split , as that would guarantee that fathers would have much more parental leaves than they have now . 
  well , it 's sort of subjective what is a `` huge difference '' , as if the proto-sinaitic imported the phonetic part of egyptian and expanded it , so it was n't like they invented a new concept for writing . 
  i would n't say that the creators of proto-sinaitic alphabets had `` truly godlike inspiration '' as the feature of phonetic writing already existed in the egyptian hieroglyphs they imported . 
  egyptian hieroglyphs already did have phonetic glyphs in addition to the semantic glyphs , so the difference is n't huge . 
  so the phonetic concept of proto-sinaitic was n't something new , but already one of many features of hieroglyphs . 
   proto-sinaitic script does n't that also originate from egyptian hieroglyphs ? 
  and oh yeah , i 'm gay too , have been all my life , so do n't you come telling me how you know better than me about same-sex love and relationships . 
  it 's shameful that you try to use your homosexuality to also make claims about how my life , my relationships are fundamentally different . 
  i am not you , and just because you are gay , it does not mean you have the right to speak in my behalf of homosexual relationships . 
   and when i reveal my orientation i get the argument that labeling yourself as lgbt does not make you right yea , because you used your orientation as an argument for your stance . 
  again , you said '' * so do not try to make this about legitimate feelings between two adults . 
  i should know , being a gay man all my life . 
  * '' tell me , what does it matter that you are gay ? 
  because you are gay , why should i not note that legitimate love and commitment are a part of homosexual relationships also ? 
  how does your sexuality refute my argument ? 
   yet you paradoxically use labels such as conservative to prove someone is , on the other hand , not right . 
  no i did n't . 
  i used their stance as a non-qualified blogger to refute their claims about the science . 
  someone not qualified in a scientific field is not in a position to refute scientific studies and statements in a blog post . 
  anti-vaccine mothers with their blogs are not in a position to refute scientific studies about vaccines . 
  likewise conservative blogs are not in a position to refute scientific studies about same-sex parenting . 
    and as you failed to name what is the actual fundamental difference , your claim of fundamental difference does not stand . 
   i have failed . 
  it 's simple though . 
  use some science to find out what it is . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll fail aswell . 
  yea , you have failed to mane any fundamental differences . 
  you urge me to find out the difference , and say i will fail too . 
  so , we can both then agree that your original claim of `` fundamental differences '' is invalid , and that there are no actual fundamental differences in the relationships of same-sex couples . 
  good that you admitted your error . 
   firstly , i was n't talking about relationships in the paragraph you quoted you originally said * however , the best chance for a normal life and for overcoming past experiences will be a family like the one the child had , or a better one in the example you mention . 
  not a same-sex couple who happen to desire children . 
  this relationship is fundamentally different from a heterosexual family *  and secondly , you are being way to arbitrary for a man of science : how can you know that i can not experience a heterosexual relationship well , if you experience heterosexual love and commitment , you are not homosexual . 
  you said you are homosexual , so from that premise , you can not experience a heterosexual relationship . 
  you can only fake it on your part . 
   and how can you be sure that the only way to know something about something is to experience it . 
  i just went with yout statement : '' * so do not try to make this about legitimate feelings between two adults . 
  i should know , being a gay man all my life * '' where you said i should not talk about legitimate feelings between two adults , also homosexuals , because you are gay and you `` should know '' , implying that i should not know . 
  so no , i 'm not saying the only way of knowing something is to experience it . 
  that 's why i refuted that just because you are gay , your `` i should know '' is not an argument against my view . 
   almost as if someone taught you ` how to think ' and not ` to think ' . 
  time to question your firmly held beliefs . 
  the funny thing is , i used to be somewhat anti-gay . 
  then i started thinking what would be best . 
  almost seems like * you * have grown in a conservative surrounding , and you have learnt from your conservative surrounding that homosexuals should not have equal standing to having kids as heterosexuals . 
  and to find out information , you look to other anti-gay pages , instead of statements of scientific bodies . 
  and you use anti-gay blogs to refute statements of scientific bodies . 
  almost as if you refuse to question your beliefs . 
    it 's a blog post from a conservative think tank that categorically is against gay marriage and adoption . 
  if you say that my sources were selective , how do you know that your sources are n't ? 
  your source is categorically against gay marriages and adoption , whereas my sources are scientific bodies and studies . 
  puting labels like conservative on something and scientific on something , does not make one or the other inferior or superior in a certain field . 
  you ignored the question . 
  ** if you say that my sources were selective , how do you know that your sources are n't ? 
  ** and when talking about science , of course scientist are superior in that field when compared to politicians . 
  climate scientist is superior in the field of climate science as compared to conservative politician . 
  professional scientific associations are superior in the field of science than conservative politicians . 
  or are you saying conservative christian creationists should have the same standing in biology as evoluitionary scientists ? 
  that both should views shouls be taught at school as evolutionary biologists being scientists `` does not make the other inferior '' ? 
   we come back to my question whether science has a place in the field of marriage and adoption as its faults have been pointed out in my linked article . 
  and how do you know those points are actually valid , when you have no professional qualifications to asses the validity of the claims in that blog post ? 
  the blog post does not `` point out '' the science is faulty . 
  it merely refers to a few studies that question other studies . 
  the loren marks study questions the foundations of apa statemant from 2005 . 
  if you would actually have read the sources i presented , * none of the sources was that apa statement * . 
  so the marks study in no way refutes the sources i presented . 
  neither did the marks study claim that same sex parents are inferior to straight couples . 
  and on the regnerus study : he did not actually even study kids who have grown up with same sex parents . 
  the whole study had only 2 kids who had grown with same sex parents . 
  and in the study , everyone , even kids of male-female couples , where the other parent had had a same sex relationship , even a short one , were labeled as `` children of same sex relationship '' . 
  interestingly , the anti-gay institute you linked to , witherspoon institute funded the regnerus study with 700 000 $ and expected the study to be anti-gay , and a witherspoon institute employee helped in the study and was in the editorial board of social science research where the regnerus study was first published . 
   first of all , reading the article would bring you to the regnerus study . 
  the key factor in science is that the studies that test hypothesis have to be able to replicated , so other studies can see do the results hold up . 
  tons of scientific studies are replicated , and the replications find out the original study must have had some faults , as the original results were not replicated . 
  regnerus study is a single study , whereas the sources i presented referred to a large pool of studies . 
  the regnerus study does not refute all other studies , and as said , the regnerus study had methodological problems , or as said by the american medical association : * the data does not show whether the perceived romantic relationship ever in fact occurred ; nor whether the parent self-identified as gay or lesbian ; nor whether the same sex relationship was continuous , episodic , or one-time only ; nor whether the individual in these categories was actually raised by a homosexual parent ( children of gay fathers are often raised by their heterosexual mothers following divorce ) , much less a parent in a long-term relationship with a same-sex partner . 
  indeed , most of the participants in these groups spent very little , if any , time being raised by a `` same-sex couple . 
  '' * mark regnerus also himself has said that his study does not tell about same-sex couples adopting , because his study did not even study same-sex couples who grow up children together . 
  his study merely compared adults of married heterosexual parents to adults who remembered that one of their parents had had some sort of same sex relationship . 
   and some of these studies do not posses the methodological fails of the pro-gay marriage camp ones . 
  as said , the regnerus study for example does . 
  secondly , do you have the qualifications to spot the methodological fails ? 
   further research would bring you to numerous scientific studies saying i am on the right side of this argument and you merely on the right side of history . 
  i have researched , and i presented to you the results . 
  you are replying with `` search more '' . 
  it is not my job to look back up for your claims . 
  it is your job . 
  what you are doing in essence is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k00ansfa4-y ) . 
  you ignore the large consensus of broad range of scientific studies , and you look for a couple singular studies and use them to refute all other studies . 
  it 's the same method used by climate denialists .
