  we do n't have private armies opposing welfare state either , and finland is constitutionally a welfare state , guaranteeing everyone the necessary income to live . 
  we do n't have private armies opposing our membership to eu , even though we are constitutionally member of the eu . 
  we do n't have private armies to oppose we are a democracy , and we are a democracy constitutionally . 
  and we already have military and police force , funded with taxes to protect the law against `` private armies '' should they emerge . 
  and if majority of voters would be ok with the constitutional change , the general opposition for that probably would be pretty low , not enough to motivate people to get private armies . 
   so , yours `` socialists '' would have rolepart in bringing socialism equal in significance with the rolepart of zoo chimps or hockey clubs union 's secretaries . 
  not in the case where there is no dictatorship of the proletariat lead by the communists . 
  you really can not argue against some political ideology on the basis that another , ruling authoritarian ideology would suppress the ideology . 
  you can not argue against democracy on the basis that a national socialist regime would oppress democrats , and you can not argue against socialism on the basis that in a communist led dictatorship the communists would suppress socialists . 
   now i get it . 
  the term is socialism and you were thinking that 's enough to connect social-democrats and others with it . 
  you ignored the part where i said social democrats were just a few decades ago more strongly socialist , and people did vote for them . 
  they had goals of planned socialist economy with workers owning the means of production . 
  and people voted for them . 
  so yea , people do vote for socialists . 
   dude , michael jackson died as black . 
  born and died as black . 
   if he was born in 4375 . maybe he would died differently , but that 's kind of talk , future guessing , is entropy to these days debates about the nature of his soulless body . 
  your point being ? 
  it can also happen in democratic socialism , which to my understanding is what most socialists support : a socialist economy combined with democratic government . 
  i have n't seen that much socialist support for example for military and police which are beyond democratic control . 
  i think socialism usually views that the impact of local enterprise to local environment is to be handled by the local government which puts restrictions on the enterprise , and the local government then is chosen by the local community . 
   rotfl  * they 'd vote for socialism . 
  *  mao yea , so ? 
  social democratic party was rather socialist just a few decades ago and it has been one of the largest parties in finland for over a hundred years . 
  more left from them we have left alliance which is more socialist than the social democratic party , and the left alliance is also in our parliament . 
  so what 's so strange in voting for socialism ? 
   they can exist , that 's sure . 
  the beauty of democracy is in that , even communists may exist in it . 
  yea , and in addition to social democrats , the left alliance , the city council of helsinki also has one representative of the communist party of finland . 
   i did n't ask that , i asked how they think communists would allow them to participate in the dictatorship of the proletariat and rulling in socialism ? 
  most likely they would n't . 
  so what ? 
   yes , just the way so many women tried but only mother of god succeed in immaculate conception . 
  as said , in finland actually do vote for socialist candidates . 
  the voting result in greece is much more socialist than finland has had . 
  besides , it does not matter do they actually succeed . 
  they are still socialists . 
  i doubt full minarchy libertarianism or full laissez-faire capitalism will ever be democratically achieved , but i still acknowledge that the people who democratically try to achieve that kind of system are minarchist libertarians or laissez-faire capitalists . 
   tell me , how `` socialists '' think to achieve transformation to socialism without * a dictatorship of the proletariat * ? 
  via social democracy or democratic socialism . 
   how they think to participate in process ( how they think communists would allow them to participate ) without declaring themselves as communists ? 
  socialists can exist in democracies too . 
  so the participation of socialists is not dependent on do the communists accept them . 
   and , the most important , how they think to coup the communists and take over the established state ? 
  you have the false premise that socialists can only exist when communists are in power . 
  socialist can try to achieve their goals via democratic processes and reniunce communism at the same time . 
  socialism can be a phase towards communism , but not all socialists support communism , rather seeing that communism does not work but some forms of socialism is viable . 
  they see that there 's no need to move to communism , but rather you can remain in the socialist phase . 
  socialists are people who support socialism . 
  communists are people who support communism . 
  communists generally support a socialist phase , but not all socialists support communism . 
  simple as that . 
  socialism and communism are two different forms of society . 
  one can support socialism but oppose communism . 
   and even when the workers own the company , would it be more efficient to have thousands of people have a say in the decisions rater than a few people dedicated to this task ? 
  the workers can elect a board of directors and a co in a same way shareholders do in annual general meetings . 
  the consumer cooperative in finland has 1,8 million owners and the consumer owners can vote and run in cooperative elections and the cooperative is governed by those elected or something like that . 
  edit : and the finnish cooperative does make investments . 
  the main competitor of s-group is kesko , which is a private company , and it has merely a loyalty program , and being a part of the loyalty program does not grant any rights to influence the governing of the company , nor are the profits shared to loyalty customers . 
  we also actually have coop products for sale in finland . 
  i do n't remember which chain sells them though . 
  finland also has a dairy producer cooperative , valio . 
  they recently got huge fines from the finnish government for misusing their dominant market position . 
  valio lowered their milk prices lower than the production costs in order to drive out competitors from the market , the plan being that after competitors have been driven out , they can raise their prices as high as they want as there is no competition . 
  the finnish government sanctioned valio with hefty fines for misusing their market position . 
  yea , they generally ca n't compete with lidl with the prices , even though they started a price competition by lowering their prices . 
  i finland the largest retail chain ( s-group ) is a cooperative , but it 's not a workers cooperative , but consumer cooperative , meaning the retail chain is owned entirely by consumers who have made a single investments on the retail chain . 
  basically you invest like 30 - 100 euros and get a loyalty card which entitles you to benefits from your purchases and entitles you to vote and run on cooperative elections for the governing body . 
  once a year , depending on the financial situation , the cooperative pays its profits as interest for you investments . 
  s-group currently has some 1,8 million owners in finland . 
  but a compromise between sunshine and rain is actually [ quite pleasant !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/double-alaskan-rainbow.jpg ), 
  eur is more comparable to usd . 
  i think sel\u00e4nne is known more in the us because he had a long career in nhl . 
  sibelius might not be that known internationally , but people might be familiar with [ this composition ] ( https://youtu.be/f5zg_af9b8c?t=6m8s ) . 
  there was a finnish news article about an incident where one of the cabin crew member started feeling ill , then the cabin crew realized most of the passengers had fallen asleep , notified the pilots , who then also noted that they themselves started to feel numb . 
  they put on their oxygen masks and made an emergency landing back to dublin where they left from . 
  so it is possible that the air condition deteriorated in such a slow pace that people did not realize anything strange happening , they just felt sleepy and started to sleep . 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  thanks for correcting me on my correction . 
  paris peace treaties refers to the 1947 treaties . 
  the demilitarization treaty of \u00c5land from 1856 is called `` treaty of paris '' . 
  well , mostly people look the same as in other parts of finland/norway/sweden . 
  just some local features are a bit more common . 
  most of the sami people live in northern norway . 
  that 's where zellwegers heritage is from . 
  sami people are not finnic people and have a different langugage and cultural heritage . 
  ( although zellweger also has some finnic heritage . ), 
  [ here 's a swedish sami singer ] ( http://www.nordstjernan.com/resizer/resizer.php?i=image-6909.jpg&amp;w=700 ) with some similar features to zellweger , with broad chinbones . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ff7dts.jpg ) is a good companion for the stereotypical finn . 
  rene zellweger also has sami heritage , which [ seems apparent ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/2188864/thumbs/o-renee-zellweger-570.jpg?1 ) . 
  i 've heard that the eyes are an adaptation to cold and harsh climates . 
  both `` mongols '' and the aboriginal people of northern fennoscandia experienced cold weather and are among the people who have the longest time lived in cold climates and developed similar traits . 
  most humans have those sort of eyes to some degree as kids ( so that little girl you posted also has ) , but when the nasal bridge grows , on western people mostly lose those features . 
  but evolution can utilize our childhood traits by extending them into adulthood , and so those features remain in populations where they are advantageous . 
  another similar evolution is lactose tolerance . 
  normally we lose our ability to digest lactose , but for some people , the childhood trait remains into adulthood , and people are lactose tolerant . 
  god dammit i hate central ( and southern ) europe for looking so much like postcards . 
  i want those views too :(,
