   the eu-instigated price decreases have led to equivalent price increases for uk usage by the uk operators . 
  but if roaming charges are removed , you do n't have to buy your operator service from the uk . 
  if the prices in the uk are too expensive for you , buy the service from a cheaper eu country . 
  with roaming charges gone , the expensive uk operators will lose customers to cheaper operators in other countries , forcing the uk operators to lower their prices . 
  an advantage i just had : e-cigarette liquids with nicotine are illegal to sell in finland as they are viewed as pharmaceutical drugs controlled by local pharmaceutical drug laws . 
  however it is legal to import prescription free pharmaceutical drugs in moderate amounts . 
  thanks to the internet , i order my e-cigarette liquids with nicotine from the uk and it 's completely legal for me . 
  see [ my other comment ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y07v1/euro_ministers_ditch_plan_to_ban_roaming_charges/cp58jz6 ) . 
  they did n't `` change their mind '' . 
  the commission , who is the originator of the idea , and the parliament , who previously agreed with the idea both still uphold the idea . 
  the council of ministers is not the one who originally suggested and pushed for the idea . 
  it was the commission . 
  it 's not rare . 
  for example normal consumer goods which can be ordered online are very easy to buy from some other eu country . 
  many people in finland buy stuff online from say , germany , because it is cheaper , even with mail . 
  the popularity of online shopping is a prime example how people buy stuff from another side of the continent , even from another side of the world . 
  and in telecommunications the actual roaming procedure is technically very simple as it is automated and deals with electronic signals . 
  relaying a call from portugal to finland is extremely cheap to the telecommunication firms . 
  there are no expenses from human services or moving physical stuff in roaming calls . 
  yea , and it 's equally messy to call finnish speakers hungarian , as finnish speakers are n't hungarian . 
  but as there would be a single market for telecommunications , there would be considerable competition between companies . 
  my local operator rises the price ? 
  well , there 's this company in germany that is cheaper , so i just buy my services from germany , and the local company loses customers . 
  the only way phone companies can increase the price and avoid price competition is by forming a cartel , which is very difficult as it is illegal . 
  this has not been decided yet . 
  it has n't been scrapped . 
  as the eu has a bicameral legislative body , the lower house ( parliament ) still has a say to the issue . 
  the parliament can pass the initiative and send it back to the upper house ( council of ministers ) . 
  i do find it understandable that there would be some transitional period , which the council of ministers suggested . 
  the commission proposed roaming to end in 2015 . 
  the companies do have to figure out how to compensate losses from the changes and how to adapt to changing market . 
  transitional periods often are needed for business to make the demanded changes . 
  i 'm really annoyed that this is reported as `` euro ministers '' and in the article it says how it is an `` u-turn '' , as if this decision is made by some high european officials independent of national interests , and the `` u-turn '' implies that they changed their mind . 
  i always feel the urge to simplify the structure of the eu in news like this . 
  eu commission is the executive body with the monopoly on legislative initiatives . 
  the commission roughly is safeguarding * the interests of the eu as a whole * and the commissioners make an oath for the eu and set their national interest aside . 
  the commission is the one who made the initiative for removing roaming charges . 
  eu council of ministers is the upper house of the bicameral legislative body with a shared monopoly with parliament to vote on laws . 
  council of minister is made out of ministers of national governments , not independent eu officials . 
  council of ministers roughly is there to safeguard * the interest of individual governments * within the eu . 
  it was the council of ministers that opposed the initiative . 
  eu parliament is the lower house of the bicameral legislative body , made up by directly elected representatives . 
  parliament is roughly there to safeguard * the interests of citizens of the eu * . 
  what this `` u-turn '' by `` euro ministers '' actually is , is independent national governments opposing the plan by eu 's executive body . 
  reporting like `` euro ministers '' and `` u-turn '' are deceptive in shifting the responsibility to eu bureaucrats , when in reality it 's our own national governments who are responsible for this stance . 
  i may , but it does not make me a hungarian , nor does it give me the legal status `` hungarian '' . 
  i can call myself napoleon , but it does not make me napoleon , nor does it give me the recognition that i , in fact , am napoleon . 
  it is one of the most popular tv-shows in the world . 
  those jacket are extremely commonly sold to normal people in second hand shops and brand new in military surplus shops , for example [ here ] ( http://www.aussiedisposals.com.au/german-camo-gore-tex-suit ) , [ here ] ( http://www.surplusandoutdoors.com/shop/outdoor-clothing/waterproof-clothing/goretex-flecktarn-genuine-german-851968.html ) , [ here ] ( http://www.anchorsupplies.com/german-army-camouflage-gore-tex-jacket.html ) , [ here ] ( http://forcesuniformandkit.com/products/german-army-surplus-flecktarn-camo-gore-tex-jacket ) and [ here ] ( http://www.majorsurplus.com/german-gore-tex-flectar-camo-storm-suit-p13579.aspx ) . 
  they are somewhat of a street fashion item also . 
  i checked out how many people vote in eurovision , and what you said is actually possible . 
  in 2005 only 2,5 million people from hundreds of millions of people voted . 
  i incorrectly assumed that the general voting activity was much higher . 
  constitution defines marriage as between man and a woman = constitution bans marriage from same sex couples . 
  i 'm not trolling . 
  but i acknowledge now that your english skills have some room for improvement , and that might cause you to write claims that seem strange to me . 
   what the fuck you 're trying to do man ? 
   convince me that the marriage definition in croatian constitution should be deleted if we want gay rights to be equal to the rights of heterosexual ? 
  i 'm trying to anwser your question :  the title is sex-union and still the worst ranked countries are those who put what marriage is in the constitution . 
   * why the fuck the name is rellevant ? 
  * if the map in question is about `` recognition of same se unions in europe '' , then it is very relevant to point out that some countries constitutionally deny the recognition of same sex marriage , and that is even worse than not having normal law to allow same sex marriage . 
  so , if you wan the red , `` worst '' color in the map to change in croatia , then the croatian constitution should not ban the recognition same sex marriage . 
  or national governments interpreting the eu directives by reading them with their assholes . 
  an example from finland . 
  the eu directives state that cleaning agents should always have the ingredients and instructions on them . 
  now , there are some eco-shops where you can pump the cleaning agents to your own bottle and buy as much or little as you want . 
  the finnish bureaucrats banned this referring to the eu directives , saying that the instructions and ingredients should be in the customers bottle also . 
  shitstorm about how `` eu is shait '' when in reality the eu directives allow the customers to buy the cleaning agents as take away in other countries . 
  just a finnish official making stupid bans and blaming the eu . 
  i 've read that in finland like 75 % or some ridiculously high proportion of the `` stupid eu regulations '' are actually our local government interpreting & implementing eu regulation as bad as they can , not something inherent in the eu regulations . 
  call for sex is an action , not just being ( and it 's a call to break the law ) . 
  elton john is n't going to be arrested in tunisia just because he 's gay . 
  saying someone got arrested for `` being gay '' means just the information that elton john is gay should merit his arrest , but it does not , as being gay is not illegal in tunisia . 
  people are gay without acting on their gayness in any way . 
  what you basically is claiming is that no one is gay unless they act gay . 
  people can not have homosexual urges , desires and feelings unless they act on those feelings , singe for you `` being gay = doing homosexual acts '' , not feeling homosexual emotions & urges . 
  get a load of this guy , he thinks * the song matters * !, 
  yea , i took that into account . 
  if 2 % of the general population are lgbt people , some of these are closeted , do n't identify as lgbt people , having fake marriages and pretending to be straight . 
  so we have under 2 % of self-identified open lgbt people ( let 's say 1,5 % of the general population ) . 
  and let 's say half of open , self-identified lgbt people vote in eurovision . 
  that 's 0,75 % of the general population ( because frankly , there are tons of `` normal everyday '' lgbt people who despise eurovision ) . 
  and now lets say 80 % of self-identified open lgbt people who voted in eurovision voted wurst . 
  that 's 0,6 % of the general population . 
   yoo do n't want to read or just do n't understand what i wrote ? 
  i do n't understand completely what you say , since your english output is a bit strange . 
   some law our ministry milanka opacic suggested few weeks ago . 
  regulating gay marriage . 
  if she had the majority in our parliament that law could have a gay marriage principles of children adoptions . 
  but not legal gay marriage . 
  again i 'm not talking about adoption , but about marriage legislation treating opposite & same sex couples the same way . 
   yep , and if you 're acting a false death caused by my words i 'll must be sentenced on a manslaughter or premediated murder ? 
  again your english is a bit strange and i frankly do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  but simply put : constitutional definition of marriage as man-woman is constitutional privilege for heterosexual couples ( even though the same sex civil partnership would have equal * technical * rights , it is not marriage until marriage is completely abolished from law or it is called marriage in law ) . 
  it is worse than normal law having privileges for heterosexual couples as constitution is harder to change than normal legislation . 
  that is why constitutional definition of marriage as between man and a woman is `` the worst '' in the map . 
  homosexual sex is illegal in tunisia and if the guy was arrested for a homosexual act , it was homosexual sex , as that is a criminalized homosexual act . 
  it was * an action * , not his orientation . 
  it 's normal that the police do not tell the details of crimes , just what criminal code was broken . 
  that 's not the reason to claim the guy did n't have gay sex .
