  yea , but then again bias is also somewhat relative . 
  many people on the left end of the political spectrum see that the media has a somewhat neoliberal conservative stance on many issues . 
  well , them being academic professionals at universities on the field of law , especially constitution , they have an important contribution to the public debate . 
  universities by law have the freedom of science , as in their studies and research is not decided by the government . 
  as such the professors of universities represent independent institutions specializing in law studies and education . 
  universities are very important fortresses of knowledge and the stances of their professors are important as they have so much merit on the field . 
  also , as you do n't really define what would merit as something `` important '' they should be a part of , it is really difficult to answer that . 
  also , the question is why should they be a part of anything else than they already are ? 
  like if a government makes some suggestion how to restructure some medical care , i think it is very relevant if some university professors of public health say that it is a bad idea and it is worth writing in the media . 
   it 's a major problem in a democracy if the media consists of 45 % journalists who vote green while in the normal population this number is 11 % . 
  a greater problem would be if people would be discriminated according to their political views , like `` you can not work at yle because you have this opinion '' . 
  our constitution already forbids this . 
  one reason for the political demographics of journalists is their education . 
  they generally have a masters degree on social sciences ( yhteiskuntatieteet ) , and those with a masters degree in social sciences tend to be more liberal and left oriented . 
  conservative and right oriented people are not that keen on studying social sciences , or education simply shifts your views more to the liberal left end . 
  so if media want 's professionals with merits , these people just generally tend to be more left and liberal than the average people . 
   i mean the former ceo for yle jumped ship right into the socialdemocrats as a politician after he left his ceo position , meaning he was probably quite biased while working there . 
  mikael jugner on the other hand is quite right wing for his party , perhaps on a national level he 's closest to the political center . 
  secondly , it would be very problematic for democracy if the ceo of yle wold be selected according to his political views instead of his merits . 
   even if you do elect the government that is willing to make drastic turns and changes , the national supreme court equivalent is still obligated to smack down any unconstitutional proposal outright . 
  finland does not have a body like that . 
  there 's no judicial body which could overrule some law as unconstitutional . 
  whether or not laws are unconstitutional is handled by the constitutional committee , made of elected members of the parliament , and they can only say their opinion of is some proposed law unconstitutional or not . 
  the parliament itself is not bound by the stance of the constitutional committee , although generally the voice of the constitutional committee has great influence . 
  once a law is passed in the parliament , the only body which can overrule it is the parliament itself , not some court or the constitutional committee . 
  firstly by normal courts which judge the * actions * of people and ( non-legislative ) institutions as unconstitutional , but which lack the power to judge * laws * as unconstitutional . 
  secondly in the legislative process the constitution is monitored by a constitutional committee in the parliament , made out of elected members of the parliament , and they hear professionals of constitutional jurisprudence on is some legislation in harmony with the constitution and make the decisions based on those hearings and their own political goals . 
  they have the power to deem some legislative draft against the constitution . 
  in theory the parliament could still vote this law into power , but generally the laws are adapted to fit the constitution as much as possible before they reach the constitutional committee . 
  well , as the changes on how to distribute welfare requires changes to legislation or amendments by the parliament , there is no judiciary to say no to that . 
  the other judicial branches have no say to these , and the constitutional committee of the parliament is n't a judicial body , but a political body , so these `` alternatives '' are irrelevant when it comes to changing the law in regard to welfare distribution . 
  they can not influence the legislation . 
  so yea , there is no judicial branch who would have the power to stop the legislation . 
  and as the constitutional committee is a political parliamentary body , it does matter what professionals on constitutional jurisprudence say . 
  it is a normal part of public debate on the political decisions made by parliamentary bodies . 
  also , i did n't downvote you . 
  you had valid speculation . 
  the constitution is n't pointless . 
  constitutional courts decide if * legislation * against the constitution . 
  not that if some * action * against the constitution . 
  it is up to normal courts to decide if some actions are against the constitution . 
  for example if some hospital refuses to help someone because they are roma people , a normal court can say the action is unconstitutional and that the hospital is required to help them . 
  or that if some police officer detain peaceful demonstrators on a city square , normal courts can say the action of the police was against the constitution . 
  when some laws are drafted , there 's a constitutional committee in the parliament , made out of members of the parliament , and they hear professionals of constitutional jurisprudence on is some legislation in harmony with the constitution and make the decisions based on those and their own political goals . 
  you fail to realize that the point of yle is not to cater the needs of some specific one group ( like finnish speaking ethnic finns ) , but to provide content and services * to the whole population * . 
  as finland has finnish speakers , swedish speakers , sami people , immigrants and such , the part you refer to means yle should support tolerance of these groups and that different cultures in finland can exist . 
  also the part 5 ) does not automatically translate into * multiculuturalism * , as - ism refers to ideology . 
  `` monikulttuurisuus '' properly translates to '' * the state of having several cultures * '' and the word by itself does not make any statements of having some ideology . 
  it is more the right wing conservative interpretation that acceptance and tolerance of having several cultures = trying to have as much cultures as possible , having a `` multicultural ideology '' . 
  finland does not have a constitutional court , so there is no judiciary which could deem some legislation to be against the constitution . 
  yea , the last update to the finnish constitution was in 2011 and before that , in 2007 . 
  but as long as the current constitution is in place , it has to be followed . 
  that 's because denmark does not follow the finnish constitution . 
  in case some did n't understand the reference , it 's about the legend that emperor nero played harp while rome was burning , echoing how some compare western europe to the perceived decadence of rome before the downfall . 
  they finally found it !, 
  again !, 
  [ here 's a piece by jean sibelius ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqcih7uosey ) about kullervo , with the choral lyrics taken directly from kalevala . 
  a great piece . 
  might be some interest for tolkien fans as tolkien was inspired to create the elven language quenya after stumbling to finnish language , and somewhat modeled its phonology to resemble finnish , as said in the article . 
  edit : what seems to be bs in the article is that hamlet is based on kullervo . 
  the finnish oral poems were largely unknown abroad until the late 19th century . 
  kalevala was compiled and written in the mid 19th century , way after shakespeare . 
    well , finland did have the mutual cooperation and assistance treaty with the ussr ,  does that treaty still exist ? 
   wasnt that some situation only when nato breaches finlands sovereignty and finland cant deal with it alone ? 
  on paper , yea . 
  the treaty talks about `` germany or her allies '' , and this was largely understood to mean nato , of which western germany was a part of . 
  the situations were if `` germany or her allies '' invaded finland or used finland to invade the ussr , finland must use all her resources to protect the borders and if needed , assisted by ussr in ways further agreed . 
   nato countries are not forced to take part in an attack against any country . 
  for example , many nato members declined to participate in the 2nd gulf war . 
  and this is another reason why many finns are skeptical towards nato membership . 
  many finns do n't believe other nato members would be interested in defending remote and small finland . 
   therefore , nato is no threat against russia . 
  in the case of war between russia and nato , yes it is , and nato also has prepared for russia as a military aggressor . 
   in that case they 've gone into total war mode and it 's just a matter of time before finland is next : it will be in finland 's best interest to join in . 
  except that would make finland the largest single nato country bordering russia , a prime target for russian aggression , making finland more susceptible to russian aggression . 
  and if other nato countries are n't interested in defending small and remote finland , what 's the use ? 
   despite ukraine never even officially considering to end the lease , not even wanting to negotiate the terms . 
  the lease was going to end anyway . 
  the military base area was leased for a predetermined time , and continuation of the leasing would have required a new treaty . 
   even if they did , it 's an army base . 
  nobody can evict them if they do n't want to . 
  there was no good reason to start using force of arms , and yet they did . 
  so you are saying they had no good reasons to start using force of arms , because it 's a military base and they could use force of arms ? 
   and you expect that kind of state to respect your `` neutrality '' ? 
  russia treats different countries differently . 
  it did not invade estonia , latvia nor lithuania when they wished to join nato and eu . 
  when finland joined the eu , russia did n't invade . 
  and during the cold war , when finland joined the the european free trade agreement and oecd , the ussr did not invade finland . 
  if you say european integration was the reason russia invaded ukraine , surely you must admit the same reason is not a reason for russia to invade other countries , exemplifying that russia treats different countries differently ? 
  also , finland has n't been a part of russia for almost a hundred years and finland never was a part of the ussr . 
  ukraine was a part of ussr just 25 years ago . 
  finland does n't really have strong ethnic ties with russia , unlike ukraine . 
  unlike ukraine , finland does not have a russian military base . 
  the historic , ethnic and military ties to ukraine are completely different from finland . 
  i do not expect russia to endlessly respect finnish neutrality . 
  but i expect russia to respect finnish sovereignty even less if finland is a member of nato . 
   i am saying neutrality for finland is not guaranteed safety * and it is a calculated risk . 
  and you 're what ? 
  arguing that it is not the case ? 
  just what do you think you want from me ?
