  after decades of the corrupt parties leading greece , the greek people voted syriza which has started to tackle corruption allowed and endorsed by the previous governments . 
  the greek people voted for a change compared to the governments which were causing the crisis in the first place . 
  now , if the crisis causes huge humanitarian crisis , i think it is just stupid to allow people suffer and end up in poverty in houses without electricity and without proper health care and just shrug it off with `` well , it 's your fault , you have to suffer it '' even though the greek people have via elections demonstrated that they wanted a change . 
  it took loosing wwii for germany to change and it 's debts were cancelled . 
  now greek people themselves democratically have voted for a change , and the eu way is just `` your problem , suffer it yourself '' ? 
   but all these things do n't mean that the rest of europe is obliged to pay greece for all eternity . 
  irrelevant , as greece is n't even demanding eu to pay greece for all eternity . 
  greece is demanding for the debts to be handled in a different way . 
  the five years of austerity in greece have not improved the situation in greece . 
  what syriza wants that instead of handling the debts by cutting government spending , the debt handling should be done by * increasing government income * by stimulating the greek economy so that the economy would start running again , there would be more employment , less social problems , less corruption and tax evasion , but the troika insists more austerity even after five years of failed austerity in greece . 
   the rest of europe thinks the best way to go forward is austerity . 
  there are also those who think austerity might not be the answer , so no , it 's not `` the rest of europe '' . 
  and austerity has not worked for greece for the past five years . 
  instead it has substantially worsened the humanitarian crisis in greece , the outcomes for the past five years in greece were not what the austerity was supposed to cause , resulting the eu giving 2 billion development aid for greece . 
  the international monetary fund , which is in the troika requiring austerity found out itself that [ austerity is worse for the economy than stimulating ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/10/12/imf-austerity-is-much-worse-for-the-economy-than-we-thought/ ) and that the projections of the benefits of austerity are not true . 
  so it 's strongly an ideological struggle . 
  the right-leaning economics who support austerity do not want to consider the option that more left-leaning ( keynesian ) economics are better for struggling economies with debt , and they do not want greece to try to handle the crisis with left politics , because that is against the right-leaning ideology . 
   you can disagree and say that austerity is wrong . 
  however the majority in europe disagrees with you then . 
  the people have spoken . 
  the ecb and imf are not democratically elected bodies , and the eu commission is not really the eu institution representing the citizens of the eu . 
  the eu parliament is the one representing the citizens of the eu , not the commission . 
  so the demands of the troika is not something that can be described as `` the people have spoken '' , as the citizens of the eu do n't have that much direct control on what the commission says , and even less to what the imf and ecb says . 
  but the greek people have spoken , the five years of failed austerity in greece has spoken , the study of imf has spoken . 
  just because imf , commission and ecb believe austerity is right , it does not mean that greece has to accept it without questioning . 
  greece has the right to suggest alternatives . 
  and what i 'm saying here that the austerity does not work and even though the commission , ecb and imf think it is right , it does not mean i should shut up . 
  it does not mean that i have no right to criticize how the troika is strongly driven by an ideological battle which is blind to the true effects of austerity . 
  it does not mean that i have no right to say that the troika makes unreasonable demands with huge humanitarian cost , considering what the austerity has already caused . 
  it does not mean that i have no right to say that there might be better and more humane alternatives to deal with the situation than austerity . 
  and that 's what greece is also doing . 
  they are trying to negotiate more humane alternatives for dealing with the crisis . 
  it 's not about `` pay us forever '' , but rather `` let us deal with the same problem in a more humane and effective manner '' . 
  but it 's against the ideology of the troika . 
   but it does not change the situation right now that europe is not willing to give greece more money . 
  they would rather cut their losses and accept that a lot of money lent to the greek state is lost . 
  so why cant ' they just cancel some of the debt ? 
   if people apply for a bank loan they have to show that they want to pay back the loan and that it is realistic . 
  i do n't see it as the bank blackmailing the loaning person . 
  but it is interesting that the eu would rather save banks and investors from the loan risks they took than saving greek people from humanitarian troubles . 
  it 's basically like `` if you do n't pay the french and german banks , your people will suffer '' . 
  sure , in theory people should pay their loans , but this goes beyond that : what do the governments exist for ? 
  what is the reason we have governments in the first place ? 
  which is the ultimate importance for governments ? 
  the banks and investors or the people ? 
  so this is not about bank blackmailing . 
  this is about government blackmailing . 
  governments should be above banks , able to control banks , not the other way around . 
  imagine a fictional country where the people are heavily in debt and can not pay their loans to the banks . 
  the banks still require the people to pay the debts . 
  this would have the effect of driving the people to poverty and causing humanitarian trouble . 
  now the government has a choice : either endorse the wish of the banks and cause trouble for the people , or protect its citizens from poverty and humanitarian crisis and by law cancel substantial part of the debts of citizens . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd prefer governments protecting citizens instead of banks . 
   the rest of europe is not willing to give more money to greece . 
  and according to several views , the current greek need for money is also caused by the eu demands for austerity , which have increased poverty an unemployment in greece . 
  so eu demands strict austerity which only prolongs the situation in greece , stagnating the economy , then greece says that the austerity must stop as the humanitarian price is too costly and that the debts should be dealt with other measures than austerity . 
  the international monetary fund itself has studies saying austerity is a mistake and does not help , but still imf is within the troika demanding austerity . 
  also it is worth mentioning that the national debts of germany and france were cancelled after wwii , and now partly because of troika-austerity the economy of greece is stagnating , unemployment and poverty increasing , germany and france somehow find it unimaginable that debts could be cancelled . 
  naturally because for the large part the debt of greece is to german and france banks . 
   that 's why humanitarian aid is promised . 
  but not more money . 
  just in march eu gave 2 billion euros of eu development funds for greece . 
  but at the same time eu is demanding more austerity , * which worsens the humanitarian crisis in the first place * . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  why worsen the humanitarian crisis with austerity and then spend 2 billion euros to fix a problem you helped to cause ? 
   how is a referendum any different than an democratic chosen government ? 
  especially this one , since this one was chosen to handle the crisis because the referendum ask the opinion of all the voters to a single question . 
  the parliamentary elections did not ask the opinion of the voters on this specific question . 
  when nations elect some government , they can * only trust * that the government makes decision the citizens want . 
  but with a referendum the citizens can directly influence what decisions the government makes , instead of just trusting . 
    so you either stay true to your words that you respect and value and give weight the family making decisions together  of course we respect it , if they do n't want the deal , they do n't get it . 
  that does n't mean that not giving them a better deal is ` not showing respect ' yes it means , if the result of the national referendum has no influence at all on what you offer . 
  you can not say you respect something if it does not show in your actions . 
    the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights [ ... ] these values are common to the member states  are you trolling me ? 
  not giving greece a better deal has nothing to any of this . 
  of course it has . 
  if instead of just the greek government , the citizens of greece voice an opinion on the deal , then of course it should have more weight for the troika . 
  if it does not have , it means the troika does not really care how democratically or undemocratically the need of greece is expressed . 
    every citizen shall have the right to participate in the democratic life of the union . 
  decisions shall be taken as openly and as closely as possible to the citizen . 
   so the rest of the eu gets a vote as well ? 
  well , if the member states want to vote on the issue , then of course it should also have some weight in the negotiations , but not as much as the greek referendum because the negotiations are n't between greece and other member states , but between greece and commission , central bank and imf . 
  also the issue mostly is about how will it affect the greek people . 
  austerity in greece affects much more greek people than finnish people for example . 
  for other european countries is more about do the banks and financial investors get their money back , whereas for greek people it 's how they will eat , live , get health services and so on . 
  member states could have referendums but the eu body where the will of member states are represented are the council of ministers ( which is not in negotiations with greece ) and the european council ( which does not have that much power ) . 
  the institution negotiating with greece , the eu commission does not have the legal right to have eu-wide referendums about the issue nor do the commissioners by oath represent the will of individual member states . 
  the only referendums the eu has the right for is the european parliamentary elections . 
  the greek government on the other hand does have the legal right and power to have greece-wide referendums about the issue . 
   eu already has given maximum weight to greece ; that 's debatable . 
  many would argue that the eu has not given maximum weight to greece , rather it has given more weight to protect the interests of french and german banks which greece has debt to ( interested more in saving their banks than saving greek people from humanitarian crisis ) , and eu has given more weight to protecting their right-oriented economic ideology from left-oriented economic alternatives . 
  see for example [ this writing ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/29/joseph-stiglitz-how-i-would-vote-in-the-greek-referendum ) from a nobel laureate in economics . 
   of course we respect that , we do n't care how you do it . 
  take the hand or not , but your not entitled to a better deal just because the answer comes from a referendum . 
  if you do n't care , you do n't respect . 
  respect is n't only a word . 
  it has to be evident in actions . 
  and perhaps you are not entitled to a better deal just because the answer comes from a referendum . 
  there is no objective party to say who is entitled to what kind of contents . 
  that 's why they are negotiating in the first place : no one has objective information who is entitled to what .
