   so in the case of of an arrest that never lead to a conviction , to somehow make that information apparent instead of pretending the arrest never happened . 
  how ? 
  is n't it as much a violation of freedom of speech if government * forces * people to say some information , even though it is true , not inherently evil or bad ? 
  censoring information is as much restricting freedom of speech as is forcing people to spread some information . 
   and that is now changing with draconian laws and the resurgence of authoritarianism in europe . 
  resurgence of authoritarianism ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  for example the [ top of world press freedom index 2015 ] ( https://index.rsf.org/#!/ ) is dominated by europe , whereas us is number 49 . 
  the three-category freedom in the world index also lists [ europe as overwhelmingly free ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_in_the_world#/media/file:2016_freedom_house_world_map.png ) . 
  europe is far from authoritarianism . 
  turkey and russia have resurgence of authoritarianism . 
  perhaps poland and hungary can be said to have too , but in general europe is very free . 
  seems like you have based our opinion more on news in reddit . 
   there is not a time in human history where individuals were more heavily observed by world governments though this is a much greater problem in the us and uk than europe in general . 
  also there is not a time in human history where individuals were more free and more effective in using free speech and distributing information . 
  you can not negate this fact with government surveillance ( which is less of an european issue than an us issue ) . 
  i have no idea where you live , but 50 years ago it would have been pretty much impossible to have this discussion with random stranger in some other country . 
  you seem to be blind how immense change this communication of ideas and information compared to the past . 
   it blows my mind that europeans seem happy and willing to sacrifice their personal freedoms and privacy . 
  firstly , `` europeans '' are made of dozens of countries and nations . 
  it does not blow my mind that you are willing to make such a bland generalization of an area which a huge variety in countries . 
  secondly , it 's a very far stretch to claim the right to be forgotten is a `` sacrifice of personal freedoms and privacy '' . 
  if something , in very core it is * protection of privacy * , whereas in the us they have sex offender lists online and if some teen has a nude selfie on phone he is listed as a sex offender . 
  and americans are happy to accept shit like this ( if i start generalizing like you do ) . 
  thirdly , personal * freedoms * and * privacy * are in many cases in conflict , and if you want to protect your privacy , you have to sacrifice some freedom . 
  and i you want to protect some freedom , you have to sacrifice some privacy . 
  you do n't want your ex to spread your home sex tapes online ? 
  well if you ask the government to help tackle this issue , you are suppressing her freedom of speech . 
  you are willing to sacrifice her freedoms to protect your privacy . 
  or if you want to spread home sex tapes of your ex online and maintain that it is completely okay and it should be your free speech . 
  then you are sacrificing her privacy to use your freedom of speech . 
  it blows my mind people do not realize rights often are in conflict , and debates about societal issues very often are debates about how much can we limit some freedom to protect other freedom . 
  ( for example are we entitled to ban possession of nuclear weapons to protect safety of the public ? ), 
   how can you not learn from your history of authoritarianism and fascism ? 
  the world is not black and white . 
   censorship is when you limit the right of normal people , the press , the media , ect from saying the truth because it 's politically inconvenient . 
  censorship is not limited to suppressing truth , but suppressing any information , including lies . 
  censorship is not restricted to politically inconvenient information , but can also target things seen morally questionable , like real child pornography . 
  many times censorship is utilized because the information being suppressed is * violating other rights * of normal people , the press , the media etc. 
  people have several rights and sometimes these rights are in conflict and we must violate some rights to protect other rights . 
  censorship of real child pornography is violation of free speech of the pedophile in order to protect sexual and privacy rights of the victim and to discourage future violations of these rights . 
  censorship of stolen credit card numbers and pin codes is violation of free speech of the thieves , in order to protect property rights of those whose information has been stolen . 
  it is naive to demand that some rights are completely inviolable , because that would mean those rights would end up being used to violate other rights . 
   surveillance is when the government gathers data on it 's citizens so it can arrest or otherwise punish people who break the law ( or , in more totalitarian states , who just seem politically untrustworthy . ), 
  surveillance can also be done by companies . 
  google gathering data on its users so it can better target advertisements is surveillance for example . 
  we already use censorship widely . 
  real child pornography is censored for example . 
  or if your ex leaks out your home sex tapes , in most countries you can ask the government to help to remove those videos from online / punish your ex for publishing those videos . 
  government enforcing suppression of information is not anything new . 
  many privacy laws are based on the premise that personal privacy is protected and information violating personal privacy can be suppressed by the government . 
   that is true , but the net effect is still to try and edit facts out of history . 
  it 's not editing facts , when facts do n't change . 
  it 's just suppression of facts . 
  not every fact needs to be part of history . 
  your most embarrassing masturbation experiment when you were a teen ? 
  if that leaks out to the internet as a video , do you really think that fact should be present in public history , or do you think that fact has no place in public history ? 
  pedophile rapes kids and puts the videos online . 
  would suppressing those videos be `` editing facts out of history '' ? 
  when is suppressing information `` editing facts out of history '' and when it is actually justified and right ? 
   when an individual wants something to be deleted , he contracts the government who then forces google to delist information . 
   it is pretty much textbook censorship . 
  i honestly ca n't see how it is n't exactly that . 
  i would love your perspective on this . 
  issues are not black and white . 
  it 's naive to say that every limitation of information enforced by the government is censorship . 
  if we take that stance , if someone were to rape someones child and film that and put it online on their own servers , government raiding these servers and deleting this information would be censorship , if we use that word to describe every limitation enforced by the government . 
  or if someone finds out all the pin-codes , credit card numbers , bank passwords and such , and posts them online , ruining the finances of perhaps thousands of people , deleting that information would also be censorship . 
  so , if someone would publish your masturbation videos and all your passwords online , what would you do ? 
  would you contract the government to force publisher to delete this information , or would you freely allow that information to be present on the internet so that you would n't support censorship ? 
   google itself has just as much a right to free speech as any newspaper or any other form of media . 
  i think many countries do have limits for freedom of speech for media when it comes to reporting about private individuals . 
  in my native finland it is a very likely violation of privacy if a newspapers publishes for example a truth how some person beat up someone 20 years ago and this information has no relevance to any ongoing discussion . 
  the law forbids publishing personal sensitive information , even though it would have been made public by someone else . 
  the bar for personals sensitive information is set higher or politicians and other persons whose status is relevant to the public discussion so you are more free to talk about them . 
  or freely translated the horrible legal text , the finnish law says this :  who , without justification , by using mass media or other ways of delivering to multiple people , presents information , implications or images about private life in a way that the deed itself causes damage and suffering to the violated or causes scorn towards them , shall be sentenced to fines * for spreading sensitive information violating privacy * . 
   spreading of the kind of private information , implications or images relevant to the actions of a person in politics , industries , public office or position or equivalent task , which can affect the assessment of the actions of said person , and if the spread of information is necessary to handle a notable societal issue . 
  this has never really been a big issue in finland . 
  if google is assessed via the same criteria as other media , technically by finnish law google should n't show personal information defined above . 
  the internet has made flow of information much more free than it was 50 years ago , let alone how it was in the novel 1984 . 
  the president of finland has very little political power over eu matters and domestic politics . 
  unlike in the us for example , the president is not the executive head of government , but largely ceremonial , kind of like a constitutional monarch . 
  in practice their role in finland is to speak about issues on a more general level , not to make specific political suggestions or give specific directions . 
  i 've understood that the president of germany has a similar role . 
  [ here 's a perfect gift ] ( http://img.yle.fi/uutiset/rovaniemi/article7515964.ece/alternates/w960/tulitikkuaski%20wir%20waren%20freunde%20lapin%20maakuntamuseo.jpg ) from finland . 
  not really . 
  he was just seen as a normal coalition party politician , leaning on a strict financial line . 
  for political caricatures of him , see [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqkvspefmti ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsrsefn28zg ) . 
  they are humor playing on his image , and somewhat reflect what his image was like . 
  he lost his first presidential campaign to tarja halonen in 2006 . 
  his campaign motto was even `` vastakkainasettelun aika on ohi '' ( the time of pitting against each other has passed ) , trying to negate the image of him as a suit man opposite of the normal working people . 
  after losing the election he was elected the speaker of the parliament , and the speaker of the parliament does not vote in the parliament nor does really participate in day to day politics that much either , as they are supposed to somewhat neutral as they control the discussion in the parliament . 
  being quiet and not responsible for daily politics tends to be a good strategy for image if you are already a known politician . 
  so during that time it was easy to start rooting for him , as he was pretty much non-existent in daily politics . 
  also due to constitutional limit halonen could n't be a candidate in presidential elections in 2012 , and the press was continuously reporting how many people would support niinist\u00f6 as a president . 
  as there were no other clear candidates around , basically the media unintentionally was campaiging for niinist\u00f6 . 
  difference being that the europe that existed 100 years ago largely no longer exists . 
  us foreign policy in middle east is a contemporary and ongoing phenomena to our modern age . 
  the role of un is not really to do anything like a government . 
  it 's not like a world government .
