  it 's about that we build on 90 % foundation . 
  i do n't really understand what you are trying to say . 
  could you perhaps open your line of thought ? 
   if you want to link me something that would prove that there are their work . 
  again , i do n't really understand what you are trying to say here . 
  prove that there are their work ? 
  there what ? 
   so when you say socialism i only may talk about real world examples , that 's the way i 'm into debate until i 'm out of data flow . 
  i gave you a real life democratic socialist organization , which is a major international organization and major defining factor of democratic socialism . 
  their agenda proves that there are democratic socialists , who believe socialism should be attained democratically instead of force . 
  and as you have failed to provide any sources which would show that encyclopedia britannica & merriam-webster are wrong in their definitions , and socialist international are lying in their agenda , my word still stands : socialism is not always in conflict with democracy . 
   maybe your country managed to live on the edge of the soviets fighting , but you may be only exception to the rule . 
  irrelevant . 
  i 'm just trying to get in your head that there are forms of socialism that believe in democratic reform towards socialism . 
   socialism had its history ( and presence in oases ) . 
  them and every other implementation of the strive to be socialism state would crash as failure or go to communism . 
  there 's another option : people support socialism , but in a democracy , people support other ideologies as well , as the resulting government is always a compromise of different ideologies , including socialism . 
  and people still support socialism , because they want their ideology to influence the compromise . 
   so socialism is relate to communism as shipbuilding to archimedes - whatever you do you 'll find yourself in his work . 
  yea , socialism does make it easier to try to reach communism , but then again , democratic socialism aims to have democratic reform , not armed revolution , and as such , democratic socialists would oppose communists revolution , as would other ideologies supporting democracy . 
  in other news : researchers find strong evidence that water is wet . 
   so , you finally confirmed that you 're talking about the capitalistic form of government . 
  tnx . 
  finland is mixed economy , not purely capitalistic ( as in free market ) nor socialistic . 
  in theory there has n't really been pure capitalistic society either . 
   we now know , after our debate , that democratic socialism is n't form of government like socialism is , rather ideology like communism is . 
  it 's both . 
  it 's an ideology what would be the ideal form of government . 
  just like communism , democracy , lassie-faire , free market capitalism , minarchy , social democracy , republicanism and so on . 
   and if you want sources i point you to every philosopher ( marxist thinker ) in any state that had socialism as form of the government in that time - all of them spent some time ( or whole careers ) to prove socialism ca n't be reached without armed fight . 
  i pointed to you that socialist international believes socialism can be attained via democracy , and believes democracy is necessary for a socialist government . 
  that alone proves that not all socialists believe armed fight is necessary . 
  if you say `` all swans are white '' , existence of one black swan proves you wrong . 
  it does not matter that you point to more white swans . 
  the black swan already exists , and proves your claim wrong . 
  likewise i provided you already with sources that prove some socialists believe socialism can and should be attained democratically . 
   that 's all about it , there 's no `` peaceful way to reach socialism '' that 's only your opinion . 
  some socialists believe there is a peaceful way to reach socialism , and i already gave you the references . 
   if there was all of the world countries would have socialism these days cause soviets would be financed western allies to implement it peacefully instead of acting world 's bad guy . 
  that could be said about almost any ideology . 
  `` if it would be possible to have this peacefully , we would already have it '' . 
  you fail to understand that democracy makes it very hard for a single ideology to get full support . 
  this has the consequence that none of the ideologies have full support . 
   again , take any communist thinker in any former communist state . 
  many , fuckin ' many many many of them are public figures and politicians even right now . 
  why from a communist state ? 
  why not from for example social democracies or socialist international ? 
  for the sake of simplicity , i highlight these things : * i 'm not a socialist . 
  i do n't believe socialism should be the form of economic organizing . 
  * i do not deny that some countries trying to reach socialism had horrible consequences . 
  * i do not deny that some socialist , especially in the past , believe that armed fight is the only way to reach socialism . 
  * i have pointed out with sources you have n't been able to discredit that some forms of socialism do believe in democracy and democratic reforms to attain socialism , hence my claim : * people can support socialism and democracy at the same time , but democracy makes attaining socialism very difficult , like it makes attaining of any single ideology difficult , but people still vote , because they want their ideology to have some influence , rather than none . 
   bulshits and lies of yours !, 
  how mature . 
   i was talking about socialism and about socialism only , you wrote a bunch of lousy text no even touching fuckin ' socialism !, 
  wat workers rights for god sake ? 
  i 've pointed out to you with sources that there is democratic socialism , where socialism is tried to achieve via democratic means . 
  secondly , you asked me about finland . 
  i told you about finland . 
   you ca n't get to socialism from capitalism without armed fight . 
  that 's just * your opinion * . 
  there are socialists , who believe you can get to socialism via democratic progress . 
  also , people can support socialism , even though they know their ideal socialism will never be attained . 
  the same can be said about any political idea . 
  pure minarchy or pure laissez-faire capitalism and such very likely never can be achieved via democratic progress . 
  still people believe in those systems and vote according to those , because they want to have some influence . 
  i know that democratically the greens will never be 100 % of our parliament . 
  does that stop me from supporting them ? 
  no , because i have them to have some influence in the government . 
  likewise socialists can support the ideal democratic socialism , at the same time knowing it is in practice impossible to achieve . 
  but they still uphold that political view , because they want to have some influence . 
  so , in order for someone to be socialist it does not demand that 1 ) you abandon democracy and support forceful revolution , or 2 ) you believe some day your utopia will be achieved . 
   give me the proof you may reach socialism without armed fight !, 
  why should i , when i never claimed you can reach socialism without armed fight ? 
  i just pointed out that there are socialists who believe you can and should reach socialism without armed fight , democratically . 
   do n't link me some bullshiting politics and philosophies , for every your information of that type i 'll give you hundred times more that oppose they are called sources . 
  they support my claims . 
  you have n't presented any sources to support yours . 
  claims that are presented without sources can be dismissed without sources . 
  i gave sources to my claims . 
  you have n't given any sources to your claims . 
  so i can just dismiss your claims . 
  to my understanding the transition of spain from dictatorship into democracy happened without revolution . 
  franco had assumed the juan carlos would continue his authoritarian rule and named him his successor , but when franco died , juan carlos used his power to start slowly transitioning spain into democracy . 
  in smaller more sparsely populated places in finland we have smaller [ school cabs ] ( http://img.yle.fi/uutiset/arkisto/article5415030.ece/alternates/w960/koulukyyti_taksi ) , [ school cab vans ] ( http://www.teiskonliikenne.fi/kuva3.jpg ) or [ school buses ] ( http://crop.kaleva.fi/4cuolergurhun0mckhc2xc8a-2u=/894x0/http%3a//kuvat.kaleva.fi/default/18643b2c-530b-11e4-a65d-22000a22931e/xlarge-koulukyyti.jpg ) depending on the need . 
  edit : `` koulukyyti '' means `` school ride '' . 
  edit 2 : when studying in elementary school , if the journey to your designated public school is over 5 kilometers , the students are entitled to free transport from home to school . 
  for the most case , public transport is sufficient for this and municipality will pay the public transport . 
  there are some exceptions , like if a 7-year old kid would have to cycle home 4km away on a busy road without cycle lane or traffic lights , it would be deemed too dangerous and the student would be entitled to free transport . 
  but also for the most cases , municipalities have built separate cycle lanes . 
   can you point to any phase of finland state history when anything of mentioned had a real-world implementation ? 
  finland has a multi party system , so none of the political parties have managed to implement fully their goals , as every one of them has had to compromise . 
  however even to day finland has a strong labor unions which have the legal right to enter strikes and other kind of protest against the `` capitalists '' in order to get the capitalists to improve worker conditions and salaries . 
  finland also for a long time had a large amount of state owned companies , like our rail operators , air transport , energy production , forest industry , telecommunications were nationalized . 
  for example finnish companies like [ neste oil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neste_oil ) , [ finnair ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnair ) , [ fortum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fortum ) , [ patria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patria_%28company%29 ) and [ several other companies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_finnish_government_enterprises ) remain state controlled to this day as a remnant of more socialist oriented times . 
   and now with logic : if you had then there would be concrete links provided by you , not some philosophy wiki pages . 
  wikipedia pages , for the most part , are a good source , as for the most part on larger issues they are well sourced and errors do n't remain long . 
  and as information about finland outside wikipedia tends to be in finnish , i 'm not so into this discussion that i 'd start translating them . 
  rather , i would like to hear what are your sources that discredit what wikipedia says . 
  you can not discredit something just because `` it 's wikipedia '' .
