   denying the existence of swedish culture and the swedish ethnicity is just an opinion the same way creationism is just an opinion , it 's against reality . 
  yea , they are just opinions . 
  like there 's a difference in believing in creationism and demanding creationism is taught in schools . 
  demanding it to be taught in schools is much worse than just believing in creationism . 
  so you can not really say sweden has the same problem as uk and us with these kinds of demands , when demands are not made . 
   but it 's not like this woman has never called for action , she has said that the ethnic swedish majority is `` the problem , '' that they must `` change their ways . '', 
  whatever that means . 
  yea , it 's very vague and open to interpretation . 
  it 's not a direct call to action , it is n't `` we must ban these opinions from them '' . 
  it can simply mean that some mindset is common in ethnic swedish majority and they must become more tolerant or something . 
  it 's again very different from banning something . 
   it does n't matter what action this guy calls for , he 's irrelevant , he 's not even british . 
  let 's go back a few steps . 
  another redditor said * `` i promise you this is a small minority of people , but it 's this small minority that dominate these type of decisions in universities here . 
  '' * this was a clear referral to universities , keeping the discussion in universities . 
  you replied with this , clearly stating the issue above being a problem :  this seems to be the problem , both in europe and in the us . 
  they need to be reined in by removing their decision making power . 
  when another commenter said it 's a problem in the anglo-saxon world , you again specifically reminded continental european students being a problem :  yes , lets just ignore the long history of leftist student movements in continental europe . 
  now you say completely opposite :  it does n't matter what action this guy calls for , he 's irrelevant , he 's not even british . 
  the same goes for bahar mustafa and her student union friends , they have no real power , so they live in their own leftist bubble of student politics . 
  the issue was about do other universities have these problems . 
  you tried to maintain that continental universities have the same problems , but when others disagreed , you then changed the subject to `` but what about their politicians '' and said the universities are n't a problem . 
  the politicans were not the subject . 
  the subject was what is happening in the universities . 
  you can never be 100 % sure of anything . 
   i 'm all for distinguishing religious marriage from other partnerships . 
  not all marriages are religious . 
  most countries have a civil marriage which is not religious  we ca n't deny the problem exists . 
  that 's just like , your opinion dude . 
  there is n't any problem . 
   i mean it is not in nature 's will ( or favor , should i say ) but what can we do ? 
  nature does not have will or favors . 
  nature just is , and it results in gay love for some people . 
   lets just not forget about our heritage . 
  our own culture , tradition and history define what we are . 
  let 's not force bigoted heritage , culture and tradition to the throat of those who are n't interested in . 
  let 's not be black and white . 
  gay pride and the rainbow flag predate the aids crisis . 
  gay pride essentially was a memorial thing for the stonewall riots in 1969 and rainbow flag was created in the late 70 's a few years before the aids crisis . 
  both originate from the us , that 's true though . 
  but lgbt organizations have existed in other countries also for decades . 
  i think there was some political tactics going on . 
  the support/opposition was really equally divided in the parliament so it was almost impossible to predict the actual outcome if it came to voting . 
  the marriage law originated from a citizen initiative with some 150 000 signatories and a huge popular support ( relative to other initiatives ) . 
  the initiatives are then handled by the law committee , which makes a recommendation to the parliament on how to vote . 
  the conservatives won in the law committee by one vote , and the committee recommended the parliament rejects the initiative . 
  the more liberal minority of the law committee made a `` minority report recommendation '' for the parliament to legalise same sex marriage . 
  now , because the support/opposition was very equal , the minority report recommendation suggested the law will be in force in 2017 so that it would be easier to accept by those who are hesitant , as over two years is much more of a distant thing than in a few months . 
  so the date was set so far to make it easier to support it . 
  in the end the parliament voted against the majority stance of the law commitee , which meant adopting the minority view , legalizing the same sex marriage in 2017 . 
  another reason also was that the rest of the legislation needs to be harmonized by the parliament so that registered partnership is abolished and referrals to it are replaced with marriage , language speaking about marriage is made gender neutral , the freedom of religious institutions is maintained and so on , so time is needed to go through the rest of the legislation so that there are n't any inconstencies . 
  if there 's a pride in tallinn , i guess i have to go there next year !, 
  only a ferry away from helsinki . 
  that initiative has n't yet been handled by the parliament . 
  but it 's very unlikely the parliament would pass it . 
  the proposition is already voted and signed by the president to be law . 
  but the law itself states that it will be enabled in 2017 . 
  as the law is already approved , it does n't need any additional approvals to be enabled in 2017 . 
  the framework law is the one that actually makes same sex marriage legal . 
  it comes in force 2017 even if the parliament stops all legislation now . 
  it does n't need any additional approvals . 
  the implementation law means the changes made to other laws , for example removing the law for registered partneship and all the references to it , updating the language referring to marriage to be gender neutral and so on . 
  so the implementation law simply means harmonizing other legislation wit the already approved same sex marriage law . 
  claim that there 's no swedish culture is just an opinion . 
  demanding the ban of french flag is not just an opinion , but a call to action . 
  they are not comparable . 
  the difference is like * `` french flag does not represent liberty , fraternity nor freedom . 
  it 's a flag of oppression '' * vs. * `` we should ban the french flag here '' * . 
  the first one makes no demands on action , it 's just an opinion . 
  i did n't claim that the requirements are to be on the same level as northern or western european countries . 
  just that they should modernize to the level of the requirements . 
  romania and bulgaria have done this . 
  turkey has n't . 
  did we miss some drama ? 
  moldova can be a part of schengen and european trade area or whatever , like norway is . 
   turkey joining eu could help them modernize . 
  except the idea of eu is to have member states who already have a certain standard , member states who already agree on certain principles and requirements . 
  so if some country wants to join the eu , they should modernize first to agree on those principles and * then * they can become members . 
  so the idea is that the * wish to join eu * drives modernization of a country . 
  not the eu membership alone . 
  secondly , this causes the issue that the eu parliament , commission and council of ministers then have representantives from a country which does not fulfill the requirements of the eu . 
  as an extreme hyperbole , imagine if eu took saudi arabia as a member state to help sa to fulfill the eu requrements . 
  then we have representantives of oppressive conservative absolute monarchy in eu council of ministers opposing everything , while sa gets all the benefits of being an eu member . 
  let 's remember that even within leftists there are differing world views . 
  the leftists in say , finland are n't automatically the same kind they are in the us for example . 
  edit : so what i 'm saying , just because other countries have leftists students too , does n't meant they act the same way . 
  leftist students in finland do n't really do shit like this . 
  i have n't heard anything like this from finland . 
  and as finns always like to compete with sweden , we tend to have news about what sweden does , and i do n't remember anything like this being reported from sweden either . 
  i have n't heard anything like this in finland either . 
   what i really like about these people , is that they want `` black only '' areas . 
  let 's suggest the back seat of buses for starters . 
  edit : / s. 
  i was making fun of their wish for racial segregation . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , but to me `` offensive '' means that it offends you , hurts your feelings , value of self worth , core being that offending things hit you in the feelings . 
  to me this is beyond offensive . 
  this is banning things which someone * can interpret * having meaning against their self assigned values . 
  so people specifically go out looking things which they can then meticulously interpret having some meaning they were looking for in the first place . 
  and because the world is n't black and white , pretty much everything can be interpreted by someone to be against their self assigned values . 
  it 's like fundamental christians having the pre-determined goal of finding satanic verses from reversed rock music , and then they go on looking them untill they find some mumbling which can with some imagination interpreted as being satanic , and then they proclaim rock music must be banned because it spreads satanic messages .
