  you sound more and more like the people who say '' * it 's the patriarchy , no doubt about it , the motive is simple male privilege . 
  comparison is not valid , as being rich or poor is not something fundamentally inherent to your body . 
  having/not having an uterus is . 
  it 's not the fault of the law that men do n't have an uterus . 
  nor does sleeping under a bridge oblige someone to use their body in a very personal and risky manner to the benefit of others , like being pimped or renting your uterus would . 
  it is equally illegal for both men and women to employ surrogate mothers . 
  the law is equal . 
  there 's nothing oppressive , sexist or bigoted in that law . 
  yea , that 's what i mean . 
  there 's no natural barrier for same-sex marriage . 
  there is natural barrier for inseminating men . 
  hence it makes sense to try to legalize same sex marriage for equality , but no sense in trying to legalize ivf for men for equality . 
  marriage is not a sacrament of lutheran church , the main religion of finland . 
  marriage was regulated by church under 200 years in finland , and has n't been bound to religion for over a 100 years . 
  a healthy heterosexual marriage is unaffected by same sex marriage . 
  if a heterosexual married couple ends up divorcing because gays get married , the heterosexual marriage was troubled and unfit to begin with . 
  many european countries had same sex marriage years before the us , netherlands being the first in the world . 
  elections are gone already . 
  that 's not really analogous . 
  there 's no natural barrier preventing same sex couples getting married , so requiring the legal right to do it does make sense . 
  but there is a natural barrier for artificially inseminating a man , so the legal right would not change the situation for men . 
   if you were able to pick where you 're moving though , people were arguing that ( their opinions ) there are better places in the us . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  and that 's a false starting point , as it ignores the fact that a significant amount of people can not do that . 
  it 's not an argument for the country as a whole . 
  as an extreme illustration of the same principle is '' * if you are part of the ruling elite of north korea , your life is better in north korea than in country x. 
  therefore north korea is better than country x * '' . 
  those stats are averages . 
  ignoring places like atlanta , baltimore and chicago would be cherry picking to skew the average . 
  you can not ignore the lives and reality of significant number of americans because `` they skew the average '' . 
  the stats indicate that a significant part of americans can not choose easily where to live . 
  the slogan more fluently would be `` you 'll get what you ask for '' . 
   silicon valley is still by far the center of the tech industry though the benefits of silicon valley do not translate to the statistics op posted . 
  even though the us has silicon valley , if you are born in the us you are more likely to die in infancy , be murdered , end up in jail , pay more for your health care , have less free time etc. 
  than in sweden . 
  so universal health care in sweden is not tied to being an union member ? 
  and does a salaried employee need to be an union member to get unemployment benefits ? 
   it is not like sweden with its 10 million population of drones who all think the same way . 
  so , you are saying * it 's a bad thing the swedish population agrees on lgbt rights * , `` drones who all think the same way '' ? 
  that it 's a good thing that some people in the us oppose lgbt rights ? 
  oh i bet he did not know that good you told him . 
  if you keep talking just about silicon valley instead of * stastistics about people in the us in general * , you are dangerously close to relying on anecdotal evidence . 
  you are trying to refute the stastistics op posted by repeatingly shouting a single good thing , '' ** silicon valley !, 
  silicon valley !, 
  ** '' if silicon valley is so great it makes the us a clear choice as a place to live , why does it not translate to the statistics op posted ? 
  why is child mortality still higher in the us ? 
  why do you have less free time ? 
  why are you much more likely to be murdered or be in prison ? 
  why do you pay much more for your health care ? 
  why do you have a much greater class divide ? 
  how does silicon valley overrule any of this ? 
  does n't sweden have universal health care an unemployment benefits for all ? 
   there is a massive opportunity to get rich in the us . 
  social mobility is lower in the us than in sweden . 
  that means you are more likely to remain in the income class of your parents in the us , whereas in sweden it is easier to rise to a higher income class than your parents . 
  so people in sweden statistically do have more opportunities to rise to a higher income class . 
   you are missing the point , i am saying these technologies were able to be created because of the opportunities in the us well , firstly , www with pages such as reddit was invented by a brit when working at cern in europe . 
  secondly , those opportunities in the us are open to international students too . 
  there are swedes in yale , harvard , mit , stanford and berkeley . 
  thirdly , focusing on top universities masks the fact that most people can never go to top universities , so the question is what opportunities are there for those who can not get to top universities . 
  and in this respect i would claim swedes have more opportunities than americans . 
  i would claim that a swedish kid from a poor lower class family has greater chances of becoming a doctor or a lawyer than a child from a poor lower class family in the us . 
  sweden does have greater social mobility, 
   most of the best universities in the world are in the us . 
  yes , but for average or lower class americans , how accessible is higher education in general ? 
  i mean , sweden and similar countries do not tend to focus on producing top universities , but on educating the population as whole , making education possible for a much wider population , making aiming higher possible for a wider population . 
  so yes , the us has most of the best universities , but there 's also the question that if you are born into a lower class poor family , how easy it is for you to become a lawyer or a doctor . 
  i would make a bold claim that it is much easier in sweden than in the us , and as such sweden offers possibilities in studying many americans can only dream of . 
  in general , sweden does have higher social mobility than the us , meaning that in sweden it is easier for a child to rise to an upper income class than their parents . 
  in the us children are much more likely to remain in the same income class as their parents . 
  i really would n't be surprised at all if a strongly disproportionate amount of students of said top universities are from white upper class wealthy families . 
  so i really would n't say getting into harvard , mit or yale are reasonable opportunities for all us citizens but swedes can '' * only dream of * '' them . 
  especially considering the year 2014 - 2015 had 16 swedes in harvard , 15 swedes in yale and 18 swedes in mit . 
  clearly getting into those universities is a real possibility for swedes too . 
  but that 's irrelevant for this :  look at all the technology you are using to even post on reddit and tell me that it was n't designed and engineered in the us . 
  if you can use it as well in sweden as in the us , there 's no added opportunities in the us . 
  and to add , sweden has unlimited data on mobile . 
  so you can use reddit more freely in sweden . 
   i 've observed the europeans bring up their vast diversity when confronted by the same from the us . 
  then they retreat to their national borders if they 're a northwest european when discussing human development . 
  except when [ you brought up about possibilities of living in diverse places in the us ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5v4a51/life_in_sweden_versus_life_in_the_united_states/ddz66ec/ ) , in eu these possibilities extend beyond national borders . 
  so when talking about being a citizen of any eu country , and about the possibilities you have as a citizen of that country , you have to take into consideration the possibility to freely work an live anywhere in the eu . 
  though i 'd note siberia is beyond the ural mountains , and as such is not europe , but northern asia . 
   consumption actually is a good indicator of purchasing power . 
  not really , because several countries have strict programs to reduce the consumption of oil for environmental and other reasons . 
  the actual price of the fuel is about the same in sweden and the us , but the tax in sweden is much higher . 
  eu charter of fundamental rights :  [ * 1 . 
  every citizen of the union has the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the member states . 
  * ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/en/charterpedia/article/45-freedom-movement-and-residence ) you sir , are wrong on point one . 
  the eu being more diverse than the us , not really even worth arguing for . 
  it 's self-evident that a continent which is the origin of western civilization and the colonization of the us is more diverse than the former colony . 
  but the list does have a separate section for income . 
  you can not really argue that oil/energy consumption serves as an indication of wealth and is a good thing , when the list has a separate section for income . 
  also in case you did n't notice , the electricity consumption in sweden is * higher * than in the us . 
  also , it is rather deceptive to claim oil consumption is just an indication of wealth . 
  the us is much larger than sweden , so people drive around much more . 
  oil consumption also indicates size of the country . 
   such as living in an inner-city ghetto or an appalachian trailer park . 
  well , as a citizen of sweden you have the right to work and live * anywhere in the eu * . 
  as extremes in [ south america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana ) , [ r\u00e9union in indian ocean ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r%c3%a9union ) or in the [ caribbean islands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_martin ) .
