  when i go to see for example a film by christopher nolan , i want to see acting and characters envisioned by nolan and the actors . 
  not some finnish dude making his own interpretation of the vision of nolan and the actors . 
  as an exaggeration : if i want to see hitchcock 's psycho , i will not see gus van sant 's psycho . 
  [ my ears are bleeding . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qtnl6kejqo ), 
  yea , but the carbon footprint of wind & solar is still much smaller than coal , oil & natural gas . 
  a country with 1 million people also has less taxpayers and less income for the government . 
  so it 's not like smaller countries have the same resources but less population . 
  yea , the baltic countries * just loved it * . 
  it 's just a reddit thing . 
  in reality there is a lot of talk about cooperation though , like building a tunnel between the capitals and building a gas line between the countries , but none about the nations joining together . 
  ah yea , i think i encountered them in some dutch hostels as well !, 
  i once got lost in the forests around my previous home city and had to navigate by the stars to find my way back . 
  because dubbing overrides the original acting and vision of the director . 
  that 's why not . 
  if there 's a movie in foreign language , i watch the original version * with subtitles * . 
  thank god for that !, 
  when visiting germany , my hungover friend had to take the plastic bag from the trash as a glove and push his poop to the pipe . 
  germany : the toilets were strange . 
  the porcelain formed a base where your poo lied down , instead of the poo falling to the exit pipe , and you just had to hope that when flushing the water will extort enough force to flush the poo to the exit pipe . 
  also they sold beer-based drinks , like beer & cola . 
  as a finn , when traveling in denmark i was thinking `` there 's not many trees in here '' . 
  it 's all relative !, 
  my german and french friends were glued to the window when we were driving around finland as they had never seen so extensive and continuous forests . 
  i had the same experience traveling from hamburg to copenhagen ( and from there to stockholm ) . 
  i had a hangover and was really confused what was happening . 
  previously i had traveled with a train from copenhagen to germany just via land . 
  but on the good side , there was a tax free on the ferry and i bought a bottle of booze and drank with some german football fans in the train . 
  then again when i changed the train in copenhagen to go to sweden , i passed out in the train and woke up in some small swedish city , obviously missing my train connection from malm\u00f6 . 
  took another commuter train back to malm\u00f6 and had to spend the night there sleeping in the train station and took the next train to stockholm in the morning . 
  with google translate it seems the 63 % is * electricity * , not all energy . 
  it does not include non-electric heating nor transport . 
  also it speaks about consumption , not production , so it might include renewable electricity produced in spain . 
  yes , there is environmental damage from pv manufacturing , but it is n't causing the same amount of emissions in china it replaces in the eu . 
  it just causes other damage , not necessarily larger or the same level it mitigates in energy production . 
  rising electricity prices is n't always bad , as it encourages investments in energy efficiency . 
  denmark has the highest electricity price in europe and the price in finland is almost half of that . 
  the electricity use per capita in denmark is half of what it is in finland ( of course heavy industry in finland influences this ) . 
  the cheapest energy is the one you do n't have to consume and energy efficiency generally makes the economy more efficient , as the energy efficiency investments often pay themselves back and reduce the energy consumption costs . 
  natural gas is n't a renewable energy source and is not included in the renewable energy goals by the eu . 
  also the so called carbon leakage , heavy industry moving china and countries like that specifically because of emission targets has not been documented . 
  it 's something the industry wants people to believe so the people would support the industry in their protectionism . 
  viable solutions are born more if we create demand for them . 
  the eu energy goals for 2020 are creating demand in the internal market of the eu and are an impetus for the eu industry to research and develop solutions . 
  no one is going to research & develop energy solutions if the markets have no demand for them , and without emission targets and limits on fossil fuel use everyone would just keep on using oil , coal and natural gas , which are a very cheap energy source . 
  it was n't a done deal before . 
  what has been reported earlier was the eu commission making an initiative and the eu parliament approving it . 
  i 'll adapt an earlier comment : eu commission is the executive body of the eu with the monopoly on legislative initiatives , but it can not vote on the initiatives . 
  it 's like the government of the eu . 
  the commission roughly is * safeguarding the interests of the eu as a whole * and the commissioners make an oath for the eu and set their national interest aside . 
  the commission is the one who made a loose initiative related to net neutrality and this is what previously has been reported as `` eu wants to protect net neutrality '' . 
  eu council of ministers and the eu parliament form the bicameral legislative branch of the eu . 
  together they have the monopoly on passing laws , but they can not make legislative initiatives . 
  they can only ask the commission to make initiatives . 
  for the most parts , all eu legislation has to be approved by both the council of ministers and the eu parliament . 
  eu parliament is the lower house of the bicameral legislative branch , made up by directly elected representatives . 
  parliament is roughly there to * safeguard the interests of citizens of the eu * . 
  the eu parliament took the initiative of the commission , made some chances to the loose initiative for it to more solidly enforce net neutrality and voted to support it and this is what previously has been reported as `` eu approves net neutrality '' . 
  eu council of ministers is the upper house of the bicameral legislative body . 
  council of minister is made out of ministers of national governments , not independent eu officials . 
  council of ministers roughly is there to * safeguard the interest of individual governments * within the eu . 
  the bill approved by the parliament went to the council of ministers and then council of ministers opposed the net neutrality bill and this is what is reported as `` eu rejects net neutrality '' . 
  so , the reporting is somewhat misleading , as in reality the net neutrality is still in legislative process and not a single body `` reversed '' their stance . 
  this is the first time council of ministers took a stance on the issue . 
  what would be a somewhat comparable situation in the us that the president makes a legislative initiative about internet service providers giving fair service , the house of representatives amends the bill to strongly protect net neutrality , votes to approve the amended bill and the senate votes to reject said bill . 
  what follows not is that the bill goes back to the lower house and together both houses try to find an agreement on the content of the bill . 
  because the council of ministers is strongly safeguarding national interests , it basically means national governments did not like the idea , most likely because each country wants to protect their local industry , whereas the parliament as a representative of the citizens sees the interest of the citizens being more important than local industries . 
  because of our forest industry we have a lot of energy production based on wood . 
  not all of it is primary wood , but byproducts of pulp production which can be utilized in energy production and this is why forest industry sector has traditionally produced a lot of bioenergy . 
  iirc the forest industry byproducts are the largest single source of bioenergy in finland . 
  the president of the european commission was * de facto * selected by the eu parliament , which is the directly elected eu institution . 
  oh yea , i forgot that , as the lisbon treaty changed the way the commission president is elected . 
  the juncker commission is the first commission selected under the new treaty , meaning that there is * even more democratic control * on the commission , as the nomination by the council for the president of the commission is dependent on the eu parliament , the directly elected body representing the interest of the eu citizens . 
  article 17 of the lisbon treaty says this :  * taking into account the elections to the european parliament * and after having held the appropriate consultations , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission . 
  most of the eu parliament groups supported juncker as the commission president , so it was evident the council must respect the will of the parliament . 
   what i claimed is actually largely congruent with your last statement - that the european commissioners are purposefully chosen to be beneficiary to the national governments , specifically in regards to their ties to the industry . 
  i disagree . 
  for example the former european commissioner for economic and monetary affairs and the euro between 2004 - 2014 was finnish olli rehn from the finnish center party . 
  the finnish center party has euroskepticism in it 's vein and the euro crisis has been a major issue in finland but yet olli rehn did not really act according to the interest of the center party , which was the largest and leading government party in finland from 1999 to 2007 . 
  commission also is the origin of tons of initiatives opposed by the industry , like removing roaming charges , net neutrality and climate & energy goals for 2020 . 
  examples of commissions stance on industry include fines for microsoft . 
  commission sued microsoft several times for breaking antitrust legislation . 
  in 2004 microsoft was fined * almost 500 million euros * . 
  in 2006 the case resulted * additional 280 million * fines for microsoft and in 2008 microsoft was yet again fined with * additional 899 million * euro fine . 
  in 2009 commission sue resulted intel receiving a fine of * over a billion euros * . 
  commission also introduced the `` right to be forgotten '' opposed by the industry , for example facebook . 
  the right to be forgotten means if people require , facebook is legally obliged to delete personal information about individuals , meaning if you delete your facebook profile and never want to deal with facebook again , facebook can not hold on to the data collected when you were in facebook . 
  before the eu parliament approves the commission , they interview each of the nominated commissioners , and for example the parliament did not support the first barroso commission and forced some of the nominated commissioners to be replaced in 2004 . 
  so , the parliament , directly elected representative of the eu citizens has the final say on the composition of the commission . 
   they do n't follow any coherent , sensible or practical policy other than as a proxy for national politics that are too controversial to propose on a national level , and when shit hits the fan it is their purpose to take the blame instead of the national governments . 
  if this were the case , the council of ministers would strongly agree with the commission , but for example on the case of roaming charges and net neutrality , the council of ministers is opposed to the initiatives by the commission . 
  the policies the commission advances are not something that serve individual governments . 
  they serve the interest of the eu as a whole . 
  the initiatives that are against the interest of national governments of course get shit in those nations , and they are labeled as incoherent , insensible and unpractical , because national governments often oppose the initiatives of the commission . 
  for example there is a new directive limiting the sulfur emissions of marine vessels . 
  it was introduced by the commission , approved by the eu parliament in 2014 and opposed by the finnish government , because it does not serve the national economic interest of the finnish government or industry . 
  but what the directive serves is the interest of eu as a whole , to reduce pollution in the eu . 
  `` shit hit the fan '' and the largest party of our government blamed the commission for shitty decisions , because the party opposed the interests of the commission . 
  so the purpose of the commission is not to take blame instead of national governments . 
  instead national governments often blame the commission for the reason that the commission does not act in the interest of an individual government .
