  but if the people are willing to make compromises on their most radical suggestions for the sake of influencing the public policy , the crowd will result with a policy they can implement and most of them agree , and most of them have had a say on the public policy . 
  now , the citizens who have agreed on the policy still hold their personal opinions , but they are not trying to implement them , because that 's not what the others agreed on when forming the public policy . 
  now , of course those people who are in the minority who refused to cooperate with the majority do n't have the responsibility of formation of the public policy , nor the responsibility of implementing it , so it is easy for them to blame how the majority citizens sold their principles , betrayed others or just lied about their opinions before . 
  this is the freedom every party has in the opposition . 
  it 's freedom of responsibility , freedom to be radical . 
  because the minority is n't bound by the public policy , they can stir up the public discussion to change it and spread their view . 
  creating public discussion is a fundamental part of realizing views , * especially for a small party * . 
  a small party can not alone change the legislation . 
  a small party needs the support of the majority for it views , so it needs to influence the opinions of the larger parties . 
  a smaller party can for example make an official suggestion to the majority , and the majority is forced to take a stance on the suggestion . 
  this creates public discussion and awareness of the subject , which again can advance the realization of the view . 
  so a legislative draft to legalize cannabis is an effective way of creating public discussion . 
  public discussion is often needed for laws to change , as it pushes people to form an opinion on the issue . 
  edit : also the purpose of democratic compromises is to weed out the most shittiest ideas . 
  while some progressive ideas , like legalization of cannabis can be weeded out , also the shittiest ideas , like `` let 's kill the jews '' are prevented by compromises . 
  democratic multi-party governments prevent extremes . 
  the failure of progressive radical ideas like legalization of cannabis is the price we pay for preventing radically oppressive ideas like `` let 's kill the jews '' from becoming public policy . 
  i 'm so annoyed about the lack of understanding of eu that i 've been thinking about making an infograph about the structure i wrote above . 
   this is a publicity stunt and nothing more . 
  how is it bad in democracy ? 
  present your political view you think will get you attention . 
  get attention . 
  ( optional ) utilize that attention to gain power & realize your views . 
  ministers of our national governments who represent the interest of our national governments in the eu . 
  edit : like our environmental minister in finland is an `` euro minister '' when she takes part in the eu council of ( environmental ) ministers . 
  then the national governments of member states opposed it . 
  i was n't saying there 's no corporate influence . 
  what i was saying that no one changed their mind , because the council of ministers whose stance op 's link reports never supported the idea . 
  the commission and the parliament supported the idea of removing roaming charges . 
  it was the stance of commission and parliament that has been reported on reddit previously . 
  council of ministers being critical of the idea is not anyone retracting their earlier stance , which i took `` sending back on their words '' to mean . 
  your comment would be funny if it were n't true . 
  it 's not meaningless . 
  i have explained several times that the constitutional ban is a larger obstacle for the goals of lgbt people than the law for same sex marriage not existing . 
  constitutional law and regular law are two different categories , so that is why constitutional ban / normal ban are two different categories . 
  to be honest , i just googled a few moments back and found out that also , so i stand somewhat corrected . 
   i 'm not talking of that mismatch well , i am , because you wondered why is the constitutional ban of same sex marriage red , `` the worst '' color and i 've been explaining it . 
  regardless of the reasons for the constitutional ban , it still bans same sex marriage , and considering the goals of lgbt people , is the most difficult legal obstacle to overcome and merits being red on the map . 
  remember that this stance is not made by european commission , which is the pro european institution . 
  this stance is by council of ministers , which is the institution where independent governments defend their own government interests within the eu . 
  what this basically is is member state governments opposing the initiatives of the eu . 
  true . 
  and although the parliament does not have so bad reputation , as people do vote them in , it would be good to be labelled something like `` citizen representatives '' , ( as in finnish language members of our parliament are called `` representatives of the people '' ) . 
  as it is a real life need to get equal marriage recognition for same sex unions , then it is not mismatched to label the countries constitutionally banning same sex unions with red , `` the worst '' color on a map showing recognition of same sex unions . 
   any future parliament composition ( or current one under kind of changed public relations on topic ) may equal same sex union and marriage without changing the constitution . 
  yea , but they can not allow same sex * marriage * without changing the constitution . 
  that 's why constitutional ban on same sex marriage is red `` the worst '' color on the map . 
   changing the way that roaming fees that can be charged to customers does not remove other hurdles . 
  what are these `` other hurdles '' specifically ? 
   a uk citizen who is a customer of a german telco will enjoy the same service on the german telco as a german citizen would . 
  but a german citizen using a uk telco while roaming in germany may not . 
  but the initiative by the commission would specifically mean that a german citizen using an uk telco while living in germany would be offered the same price and service as an uk citizen using uk telco in in the uk . 
    they already have agreements and already charge others for roaming , and those prices are minimal , not in any way comparable to prices paid by customers . 
   this is n't necessarily true . 
  generally yes it is , as the operators really do n't have to put much effort on relaying roaming calls . 
  it 's just automated electric signals . 
  they only make agreements that they can use each others networks , and the roamers do n't require any real extra effort . 
  as someone said in another post , it 's similar how the internet works . 
  it does not require any significant extra effort if i surf pages on a german server from my finnish internet operator , so i do n't have to pay extra for loading german web pages on my home computer in finland . 
   cost of running the service does not have to be linked to the prices charged for that service . 
  network operators can charge whatever they want to other network operators for roaming . 
  except when a network operator has a dominating market position , the eu competition regulations usually prevent dominating market players from abusing their dominating position . 
  kind of similar of microsoft has a dominating market on operating systems in eu and abused that power and had to pay over half a billion fine to the eu . 
  there are three major operators here in finland . 
  the foreign operator wanting to use the finnish network just makes the contract with the one asking the smallest price . 
  the finnish operators start competing with prices , and the price competition prevents the charge being absurd , as competition brings the charge closer to the operating costs of the network . 
   light bulbs and local telecommunications issues are not in any way linked the technology was n't the point . 
  the point was that a regulation made by the eu became a local regulation in every eu country . 
   the eu is not the judge of whether something is truly necessary - despite what they might think , and what people on here may think ( people who would probably love it if the only government was in brussels ) there are no judges on what is `` truly necessary '' . 
  that 's impossible to have and as such you can not deny the stance of eu commission or the democratically elected parliament representing the eu citizens by saying `` their decision is truly incorrect '' . 
  you only have your own opinion , and believe it or not you , national governments / council of minister neither are the judges of whether something is truly necessary , but still you agree with the council of ministers & national governments . 
  am i not allowed to agree with the commission and the parliament and have my own opinion on what is truly necessary ? 
  and yea , i 'd like to note that the parliament is a directly elected representative of the citizens of the eu . 
  are you saying the parliament should have no say in the legislation of eu ? 
  but what i 'm saying to you that the `` gay marriage '' or `` homosexual marriage '' is n't legally a marriage . 
  the country does not recognize it as marriage . 
  by law , `` gay marriage '' or `` homosexual marriage '' does not exist in croatia . 
  they are `` unions '' , not `` marriages '' in a legal sense . 
  it 's really silly to say `` this is n't possible because legal/regulatory hurdles '' when the suggestion from the commission itself is offering new legal/regulatory things . 
  you ca n't oppose a suggestion to change the laws with `` it would be difficult because it would require changing the law ! '' . 
  quality of service ? 
  there already are eu-wide consumer right laws about quality of service , have been for years , and these laws already consider buying services from other eu countries . 
  about roamers being the second fiddle ? 
  that 's already illegal by eu consumer right laws for the most parts . 
  eu companies can not discriminate with services based on customer being a citizen of another country . 
  a german company can not sell me shittier version of the same product with the same price just because i am finnish . 
  and a company in finland can not sell shittier product with the same price to a german company operating in finland just because the company is german , not finnish . 
  charges between network operators for roaming ? 
  they already have agreements and already charge others for roaming , and those prices are minimal , not in any way comparable to prices paid by customers . 
  roaming is automated relaying of electronic signals , not human service where something physical is moved . 
  the actual costs of roaming for the operators are very small . 
  local regulations on issues like this are subordinate to the eu , so it does not really matter what the local regulations say . 
  eu ban on light bulbs also overruled local regulations . 
   and you can be sure that telcos across the eu will put up a fight over that . 
  so what ? 
  are you suggesting some law should not be introduced or supported because there will be vocal opposition for it ? 
   plus there 's the questions over whether we really need it . 
  and the commission and the parliament have pondered the question and answered `` yes , we need it '' . 
  but there are no croatian citizens living in legal croatian same sex marriage , as the croatian law does not recognize same sex marriage . 
  saying `` gay marriage is banned by the constitution of croatia '' is n't accusation against any croatian citizens , since no croatian citizen lives in same sex marriage under croatian law .
