  it 's not `` forcing genderlessness '' , but simply a practical grammatical feature in many situations . 
  and gender minorities in general do believe there are differences between sexes , that people in general have gender , * as the whole basis of being a gender minority is having a gender experience different from the majority * . 
  some of them identify as being a gender minority * for the very reason they themselves lack the experience of gender identity they acknowledge most people have * . 
   you 'll have a nice time looking for a place where i stated the word does not exist . 
  protip : i did n't . 
  what kind of blatant straw man is that ? 
  then why did you even start to argue against [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nahm9/london_tube_staff_ditch_ladies_and_gentlemen_for/dk88is7/ ) ? 
    secondly , you are manical yourself , getting triggered by the word . 
   straw man again . 
  if you see it suitable to call other people things like manical pc lunatics , you have no reason to claim i can not do the same , you manical sexist lunatic . 
   straw man again . 
  i could n't care less about a word . 
  i care about moronic language twisting to satisfy policitally correct lunatics . 
  yet nowhere have you managed to explain how a gender neutral pronoun is `` moronic language twisting '' . 
   the never-ending struggle to avoid `` muh feels '' being hurt , pushed on majority of people by a small demanding group of snowflakes . 
  you are opposing more inclusivity and respect because `` muh feelings '' . 
  you are the special snowflake . 
  i bet you would be so triggered when you heard people talking about you in finnish . 
  as finnish does not have gender pronouns , you would be referred with a gender neutral pronoun . 
  you insist that this is a bad thing , because of `` muh feelings '' , because you are such a special snowflake that you require to be referred with gendered pronoun , and oppose the idea of pronouns which do not include information about genders . 
  i 'd imagine you are also insulted by the english word `` you '' , as it is gender neutral and does not treat you as a male . 
  because this whole rant from you is just you being insulted by the idea of gender neutral words , as you are such a special snowflake you demand special attention for your gender . 
   yeah , just like many people like to say `` yo dawg '' and others dislike it intensely . 
  but unlike `` yo dawg '' , they itself is a proper pronoun . 
   not advisable to be pushed on everyone . 
  and the reason given is that people like you are triggered by it . 
    he , him , his , etc. 
  is nowadays considered sexist  which is exactly the maniacal pc argument i made and that does not mean the word does not exist . 
  secondly , you are manical yourself , getting triggered by the word . 
  your sources also note manical people like you who are triggered by gender neutral pronouns :  ** and many others dislike it intensely **, 
  i 'm not sure are you trying to make fun or me or was that a honest compliment . 
  however i choose to believe in the latter , so thank you and you have a nice day too !, 
   yeah ? 
  what they tell themselves does n't change objective facts . 
  so , you then believe that gender identity is a social construct , not something innate like sexual orientation ? 
   what 's the difference between a man who claims he 's a woman and a man who claims he 's napoleon ? 
  we can doublecheck both and figure out whether or not this is the case . 
  the difference is that napoleon is a single identifiable person , whereas having a gender identity is something very human and common . 
  also , * gender identity does have a biological part , with brain scans of trans people often having similar brain features with the gender they identify with * . 
   there 's a big difference between `` i want to rub my boy parts against another boy 's boy parts '' and `` i have boy parts but i 'm totally a girl '' . 
  they both are * experiences and behavior concerning sex and gender * . 
  gay people have the sexual orientation typical to the opposite sex . 
  trans people have the gender identity typical to the opposite sex . 
  if you think it is impossible that trans people , for biologically influenced reasons , have experiences and behavior concerning gender more typical to the opposite sex , then you should also believe that homosexuality is impossible , as sexual orientation should be fixed to a biological sex . 
   there is no `` cure '' for homosexuality but there is a tried , tested and accurate cure for gender dismorphia . 
  a daily dose of 2 mgs of pimozide ( which is also used to treat schizophrenia , food for thought ) has been found to utterly eliminate all thoughts of gender dismorphia . 
  in * one single case * . 
  reasons for gender dysphoria vary , and not all of the diagnoses are due to person being trans . 
  sometimes it is a symptom of borderline personality disorder or depression and can be treated without ses assignment surgery . 
  it is totally against medical science to claim `` this is it '' based on * one single case * . 
  that 's like saying that because you did n't get hiv when you once had unprotected sex with a hiv-positive , hiv can not be transmitted sexually . 
   feeling like you 're a different gender is , unsurprisingly , little more than a hormone imbalance in the brain . 
  you are wrong : [ '' * the most studied factors are biological . 
  studies beginning with zhou in 1995 have found that trans women 's brain structure ( volume and density of neurons ) is similar to cisgender ( cis ) women 's and unlike cis men 's , and trans men 's is similar to cis men 's , even when controlling for hormone use . 
  a 2002 study by chung suggested significant sexual dimorphism in the bstc did not become established until adulthood , theorizing that either changes in fetal hormone levels produce changes in bstc synaptic density and other factors which later lead to the observed differences in bstc , or the differences are affected by the generation of a gender identity inconsistent with assigned sex . 
  studies in 2004 ( swaab ) , 2006 ( gooran ) , 2008 ( garcia-falgueras ) , and 2010 ( rametti ) confirmed earlier research finding that gender identity is influenced by brain structure . 
  ( brain structure differences have also been noted between gay and heterosexual men , and lesbian and heterosexual women as part of extensive research on biology and sexual orientation . ), 
  studies have also found that both androphilic and gynephilic trans women 's brain function and responses are like cis women 's and unlike cis men 's , or are intermediate between the two . 
  likewise , studies such as rametti 's have found that trans men have male-like white matter patterns ( even before using hormones ) , regardless of sexual orientation . 
  * '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_transsexuality ) edit : and oh to this :  feeling like you 're a different gender is , unsurprisingly , little more than a hormone imbalance in the brain . 
  so you then agree that * gender identity is something which we experience due to biological factors like hormones * . 
  now if gender identity is something which we experience due to biological factors , * you have to admit that there can be variation in human biology resulting in gender identity of the opposite sex * , much like gay men have the sexual orientation of the opposite sex . 
  its either that , or you believe gender identity is a social construct . 
  oxford dictionary :  ** using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
   you make good points , i clarified some of this in further comments ( and fully acknowledge the correlation/causation argument ) , but in particular i 'd like to address that just because anti-lgbt people did not see coming the issues they are now upset about does not invalidate their slippery slope worries . 
  the question is : what * validates * this slippery slope worry specifically :  just wait for 2018 when people will be offended by gender-neutral greetings and will insist on being addressed as 4x4 terracopters , piercing-in-left-nipple non-csi males , transdimensional gender shifters and the like . 
  the next step is the scrapping of genders . 
  why does every slippery slope worry have to be treated as a valid , and the burden is on everyone else to invalidate it ? 
  it 's not like you can say `` if we allow gay marriage raping children will become legal '' and then just accept is as a valid worry that other people have to prove to be invalid . 
   i 'd like to reiterate that i 'm pro-lgbt to the bone , and i 'm explaining but not promoting the perspective of anti-lgbt people you seem not just explaining it , but * defending it * . 
   however , would the gender-neutral pushes we see today have happened without gay rights ? 
  i mean , in countries without gay rights these issues hav n't come to the forefront , that 's still correlation and i 'm open to be wrong about that but it still seems like a pretty strong link . 
  that 's not the issue we are talking . 
  this is :  just wait for 2018 when ** people will be offended by gender-neutral greetings and will insist on being addressed as 4x4 terracopters , piercing-in-left-nipple non-csi males , transdimensional gender shifters ** and the like . 
  if want to defend that claim , it 's like you equate gender minorities to * 4x4 terracopters , piercing-in-left-nipple non-csi males , transdimensional gender shifters * and see no problem in the claim that acknowledging gender minorities has a clear causal strong link to acknowledging 4x4 terracopters , piercing-in-left-nipple non-csi males , transdimensional gender shifters . 
  and also the quote above is about exclusivity , about people demanding exclusive greetings , which as a principle is the opposite of what lgbt rights have advocated and what the london tube staff is doing . 
  demanding exclusivity is the opposite what lgbt movement as a whole has campaigned for , so i really see no basis for the slippery slope claim above . 
  what the lgbt movement has campaigned * is moving in the opposite direction on the slope from what the user above suggested * . 
    but the pronoun itself exists and is used in that way , so my point still stands  it 's not your sources :  ** using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
  ** so yea . 
   yeah , as a result for maniacal pc logic push . 
  the fact that you are triggered by the word `` they '' does not discredit the oxford sources :  ** using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
  ** so , yeah again . 
    currently pushed  by pc fans . 
  the fact that you are triggered by the word `` they '' does not discredit the oxford sources :  ** using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
  ** so , yeah a third time . 
   many other words exist too , not the best reason to arbitraily change their meanings , though . 
  it 's not arbitrary in any way , but serves a real function and is consistent with the previous usage of the word : a gender neutral pronoun . 
    i mean , it would be ridiculous to say `` do we need to invent the steam engine , since steam engine is such a new invention ? '', 
  if steam engine already exists , even though it is new , there is no need to invent it . 
  no it is not . 
  my claim was that there is no need to invent a new word , since one exists already . 
  you are arguing against this on the basis that the usage is new . 
  ** you are arguing that because something is new , it does not exist . 
   using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
   ** using them , they , or their is a way to avoid making an assumption of gender as there is no gender explicit in these pronouns . 
  ** the word exists already . 
  wheter or not the usage is new is irrelevant , as it exists already . 
  i mean , it would be ridiculous to say '' * do we need to invent the steam engine , since steam engine is such a new invention ? 
  * '' if steam engine already exists , even though it is new , there is no need to invent it .
