no , if i had to choose between the two , i 'd go with republican , but i 'd rather a 3rd party candidate . 
  this test is n't very good , even for americans . 
  this test , even for americans , tends to put most people on the left , and i think only religious people can escape into something other than left/libertarian . 
  if i chose between republican or democrat , i would go with republican ( my religious views are more important than other issues ) , but i also have qualms with the republicans , so if i 'd vote for a 3rd party . 
  economic left/right : -4.75 social libertarian/authoritarian : 1.25, 
  yes , but are the few people who speak maltese and finnish capable of being an eu translator ? 
  being bilingual does n't automatically qualify you to relay possibly important political messages . 
  america banning anyone from seceding does n't really matter nowadays , as no independence movement has any real significance . 
  most stores have a scooters for elderly/disabled people to borrow while shopping ( for free ) . 
  i do n't know why it does n't tip over , maybe the spilling over on both sides balances it . 
  it 's an atlantic coast city in northeast florida . 
  it 's the largest city in the 48 contiguous states ( based on land area ) . 
  i would say its kind of the transition between the traditional `` south '' , and the more north atlantic state-like southern florida . 
  more importantly , i think , it lumps together africans who are educated and able to contribute to the economy at an advanced level , africans who are willing to work hard and integrate into their country , africans refugees who want to escape their war-torn villages , and opportunistic africans who want a better life , and achieve this by breaking rules . 
  none travel out of malice , but nonetheless some should n't be coming . 
  i 've heard elsewhere that south korean news is obviously biased when dealing with north korea , and some stories have been exaggerated , or even entirely fabricated in the past . 
  i 'm admittedly ignorant of south korean media myself , but it makes sense to me . 
  it 's not , but the pope has been doing a lot of great things lately . 
  the vatican is important historically , culturally , and religiously , with it being the head of one of the largest organizations in the world . 
  you 're cool with radical muslims fighting a country that 's done nothing but promote peace lately ? 
  thanks for being calm and reasonable about this , and not creating any more drama . 
  i never noticed that !, 
  yes , but prolonged dislike/hostility towards one group of immigrants i think could transfer over to the others . 
  i think italy , and other european countries too , will come out of this more wary of any sort of non european/anglophone migrant . 
  i do n't know if i 've ever heard anyone misuse . 
  using `` a/an '' instead of `` the '' , or the other way around would be a very glaring and obvious mistake , but most of the time the meaning would still be the same . 
  even omitting the word would leave basically the same message , if not still obviously a mistake . 
  they have a duolingo course , if you want to try . 
  for anyone who does n't know , melilla is a spanish city on the northern coast of africa , bordered by morocco , who considers the city to be rightfully moroccan . 
  at first i thought you misspelled florida , but that did n't make sense , as you were talking about brazil , so i looked it up , and all i could find was a city called florianopolis . 
  is floripa just another name for it ? 
  when a third of young people are enomployed , it 's kind of insensitive to say `` life is awesome '' . 
  i do n't think christians want turkish delight anyway , if they 've read the chronicles of narnia . 
  except with borrowed words , right ? 
   probably i think very convincing, 
  the thing is , you could say that about any `` communist '' country , but the progress has always been halted by someone who just wants power . 
  except in poland , apparently . 
  bacteria are living things , viruses are not . 
  anti * biotics * = anti-living things . 
  but no martian has ever impressed me with great intellect either ... 
  spain 's really in a bad place after the whole debt thing . 
  in its context , it 's the same thing . 
  how so ? 
  what problem do you have with what i said ? 
  eastern is a term to refer to former soviet bloc countries in eastern europe who has lower levels of economic development , but as they continue to progress forward , the term becomes less and less relevant . 
  a country can never `` become '' eastern , because that would require a historical change . 
  i learned japan and iceland as good nation-states , but there was probably another more popular textbook/study guide kind of thing that used slovenia . 
  george washington could have probably been elected over and over again , but he stopped running after his second term , believing it would undermine the new and fragile democracy . 
  subsequent presidents followed this precedent , many people probably thought it was a law , until fdr . 
  http://i.imgur.com/7lpu9c1.jpg a few things : i 'm a geography/map nerd . 
  this thing looks like a mess , sorry . 
  i boxed in the country names , but i accidentally forgot moldova , and possibly more , sorry . 
  special love given to my favorite european country : poland . 
  i may have placed capitals in the wrong places . 
  i hate the balkans and want yugoslavia back . 
  this took me like half an hour , but it was fun , so i do n't regret it . 
  poland was also tolerant of the jews , during a time when many of them were fleeing western europe due to persecution . 
  poland was also a democracy during a time when absolutism was all the rage , though it was a pretty crappy democracy . 
  german speaking people in italy are the minority , ergo , people in south tyrol , speaking german , are a minority ( though they are also a majority locally ) . 
  he probably meant south tyrol has a german speaking minority compared to the whole rest of the country . 
  germany had been around for a long long time , just without a centralized state , and prussia had been gaining in power , especially military , 200 years before germany was eventually unified . 
  it 's not swedes , it 's muslims . 
  in general , muslims from anywhere dislike jews , regardless of whether they 're swedish . 
  i too have watched that video . 
  it 's a homophone , so it 's already predispositioned , and then i imagine that borders is n't a very common word to be taught in an english class , and you would only use the word in a small range of contexts . 
  that 's what it is now , and no one cares . 
  it 's not really convoluted , and that was n't really jesus ' message . 
  he says very clearly , `` the most important thing is to love god in every possible way , the second is to love others like you love yourself . '', 
   let 's be honest  i hope you ca n't present something as an obvious fact and then add `` i hope '' to it . 
  italian/german wars of unification . 
  the thirty year 's war decimated germany 's population especially , as most of the fighting happened there . 
  italy was the birthplace and remained the hub of all things renaissance . 
  italian art . 
  india has a history switching between decentralization and centralization . 
  the west african slave trade , not by , but in that place . 
  not sure what you mean by your last paragraph . 
  no one cares about that definition anymore . 
  the term has evolved . 
  calling finland a third world country will get you strange looks both before and after you explain yourself . 
  perhaps one of the most famous , auschwitz , was definitely in poland . 
  italy , germany , and india for most of history have n't existed , but we still refer to happenings there as having happened in italy , germany , or india . 
  poland is no different . 
  just because a country does n't have political existence does n't mean it does n't actually exist , with its people still living on its land . 
  those are fine , but if you wanted to convey that it was in poland , that would be the quickest . 
  no one is trying to change the facts of history . 
  people say `` polish death camp '' because it 's the quickest way to refer to them , and it 's expected that the basic facts of the holocaust ( carried out by nazi germany ) are already known , so there 's no need to clarify the meaning . 
  or even just `` korea '' for south korea ( when the situation obviously could n't be about the north . 
  it is not a requirement in catholicism or protestantism that you have kids . 
  you unintentionally also mentioned another stupid . 
  far is not the same as hat . 
  r screws up all our vowels . 
  perhaps it 's because i learned from christians , but i learned that christianity was first for the jews , then gentiles , but after the jewish leaders rejected jesus , they moved onto gentiles . 
  til in french you refer to yourself as a meme , that 's cool . 
  just guessing : it might be from the faroe islands . 
  you hate half your flag ? 
  so you think it 's okay to censor people for voicing an opinion ? 
  i agree , but that 's not what this woman has done . 
  the first times i heard greek i thought it was spanish , even though i 'd had a few years of spanish classes . 
  no , i mean that this is mostly about teaching in basque or spanish , rather than teaching in any sort of minority language ( including basque ) or english . 
  these people most likely already have english competency , this is mostly a basque vs. spanish thing , rather than minority language vs. english , and cultural preservation is n't something that you can just throw out the window .
