i do n't know about that , older immigrants have almost always had trouble learning a new language , across the world . 
  that 's why the first immigrants tend to live in cities together ( little italys , chinatown , etc ) . 
  but their children almost always pick up the language and are bilingual ( or more ) . 
  i do n't think it 's disrespect , learning a new language is tough . 
  i work in a kitchen with a puerto rican , in the us . 
  he speaks very broken english , not nearly well enough to pass a language test . 
  but he 's a good worker , and if you 're slow and mime things out a bit , he picks up what you 're communicating to him . 
  he lives here with no problems , has a car , goes out to the clubs , lives a normal life . 
  just speaks extremely broken english . 
  now if the culture of the immigrants is to only speak their native language , and prevent their children from learning the new countries language , i see that as a problem . 
  but i ca n't fault older immigrants ( say , 40 + , maybe 30 + ) from failing to learn a new language . 
  that 's not quite true , english is so commonly spoken you could function . 
  being completely assimilated in the culture ? 
  different story . 
  finally this sub gets it !, 
  governments work together, 
  mainland european education just sounds so enticing , i 'm with you . 
  hmm in the us it 's a little over double . 
  my mistake then . 
  edit : that site is giving me nearly exactly 2k , not 1.5 k, 
  i did n't say that . 
  generally speaking , the western world usually views democracy as the preferred type of government , not a minority clinging to power . 
  part , if not all of that increase congress from inflation ... 
  the only useful thing about syria is basically it is land between oil rich and natural gas rich middle eastern countries and europe . 
  that 's not a reason to occupy . 
  at least not for very long . 
  so tell me again why you are thanking russis for keeping a minority in power over a majority ? 
  very fond of taking a joke and beating one another over the head with it until one another 's skulls get smashed into their brains . 
  we get the dumb joke already . 
  repeating it every thread does n't make it any funnier . 
  +1 to you . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  still does n't make sense in context . 
  oh shut the fuck up already . 
  not only is that comment beyond stupid , how is it related to the post ? 
  i think the soviets considered the exiled government foreign , so i think technically he was working for a `` foreign '' government . 
  still pretty shitty . 
  you can come do my yard work anytime you want !, 
  ehhhh ? 
  you wish you had all this yard work to do every weekend !, 
  that he was working for `` foreign imperialism '' . 
  great response . 
  you just sounded like a total asshole . 
  glad to see you are n't one !, 
  usually those who have strong immigration beliefs like that are considered nutters by europeans because of all their other beliefs . 
  sound like `` i 've got mine , get yours '' rather than `` that sucks , how can we help ? '', 
  you sound like some conservative american politicians . 
  yes an attempt . 
  it 's still all bark right now . 
  it 's amazing how strong the anti america jerk is -- people do n't realize western governments work hand in hand . 
  what 's the saying ? 
  herding cats would be easier ? 
  weird ranking system . 
  looks like they did it based on % `` compliance with guide values or excellent quality '' . 
  yeah i did n't disagree . 
  it is just a tough thing to do when unemployment is already so high . 
  no that 's all true . 
  during the transition phase unemployment gets bumped up and the retirement rate declines ( people who would normally be retiring now ca n't ) but after the transition phase it reaches an equilibrium point . 
  yes , higher retirement age means those people work longer . 
  after a few years things balance out . 
  but for the first few years , there are more workers than jobs . 
  prolonging people 's working age slows down that process though . 
  a year may not make a huge difference but 63 to 68 makes a big difference . 
  well that 's just a load of anti-welfare bull crap haha . 
  i do n't think it lowers youth unemployment , i think it lowers college graduate unemployment and similar age unemployment . 
  most youths work some kind of part-time work , not usually what someone close to retirement works . 
  i think efficiency depends on the job type . 
  probably more efficient to have a youthful person . 
  desk job ? 
  old person with years of experience is probably more reliable and efficient . 
  people are always going to do what 's in their best interests , not society 's best interests . 
  if you give them the opportunity to do nothing and get paid , they will take that opportunity every time . 
  you can not blame people for being people . 
  you blame leaders and politicians for poor decision making . 
  still amazing . 
  my town is 15k in size . 
  the turnout is probably still lower than 50 % . 
  wow . 
  in america we are like less than half . 
  that 's amazing . 
  not really , their hands were probably tied , against the law/regulations to fire someone without going through the proper procedures . 
  which may be very lengthy and expensive . 
  happens in the us with bad teachers all the time . 
  the bad teachers make a stink , get their teachers unions involved , drag it to court and the town has to throw money at this problem . 
  that has nothing to do with racism . 
  what a terrible argument . 
  what 's interesting is that , i believe , richard nixon first started it and called it a war on drugs nearly 40 years ago . 
  whereas most of our `` war on `` s are whit in the past 10 or 20 years . 
  fair enough . 
  just pointing out capital punishment is being phased out in the majority states or is already phased out . 
  i only found it weird because reddit , in general , hates cops with a passion . 
  yet then reddit goes and bites them pizza . 
  i have no problem with them cheering them in thanks for their service . 
  i would n't want to be a cop on a manhunt for a terrorist . 
  i think you are exactly right . 
  nationalism in europe is frowned upon because nationalism brought trouble to europe . 
  the us has never had trouble with being nationalist , so there 's no reason not to be . 
  i completely disagree . 
  this terrorist attack was very uniting , which is usually the opposite of what terrorists want . 
  they want to scare , intimidate , etc.
