i think american perception of what a flag of american origin means is probably more relevant than finnish opinions . 
  what do you mean `` misusing '' the flag ? 
  the flag is a symbol of slavery and white supremacism . 
  it 's people who take it to be a generic symbol of regional pride who are missing the actual historical context it has as a symbol , and then acting , rather disingenuously tbh , baffled when people interpret it in the correct and reasonable manner . 
  the battle flag of northern virginia was specifically brought out of the dust and into widespread usage in the mid 20th century to signify support for segregation . 
  which makes sense since it 's a symbol of a nation whose main reason for existing was to protect and promote slavery . 
  it includes pretty much all of the united states . 
  [ i enjoyed this takedown on it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2io5ifwkdw ) grey makes good videos , but often settles on an answer and then starts trying to confirm it instead of considering alternatives . 
  sicily was also founded by viking warlords , but sicilians are definitely not vikings . 
  grey has a history of fetishizing the british monarchy . 
  i 'm getting bored of arguing with the greek and bulgarian nationalist bullies and historical revisionists itt , so i 'll keep it short . 
  - you should n't confuse attican greek , ethnic history with mediterranean , greek-speaking history . 
  hellenistic and byzantine history really had comparatively little to do with attica - in fact during both time periods , the original greek city-states are pretty much rural backwaters - and certainly modern-day greece is not entitled to that history . 
  and that 's the history that begins with alexander , who as in fact from a nation not recognized by the classical greeks as greek . 
  - people * are * being bullied . 
  to greeks this may be about dick-waving and who can out-historically-revise the other , but to macedonians there are real long-term economic consequences , and have been since greece began this campaign of harassment 20 + years ago . 
  - well , yes , you do have to explain the trouble that it causes , to an american living in america which is also part of the americas . 
  sometimes naming conventions overlap and get confusing - especially when that name is thousands of years old !, 
  you might as well require greece rename itself the former ottoman province of south attican greece , since the historical region of greece has been much larger at times . 
  or , you could make it the former roman territories of greece , thessaly , thrace and southern epirus since greece has expanded well beyond the classical greek boundaries before phillip ii 's conquests . 
  at any rate getting one 's undies in knots over the imprecisions of connecting ancient history to modern is silly . 
  hrm . 
   in 2008 a visit by hunza prince was organized in republic of macedonia . 
  this pakistani people were proclaimed as direct descendants of the alexandrian army and as people who are the most closely related to the ethnic macedonians . 
  [ 63 ] the hunza delegation was welcomed at the skopje airport by the country 's prime minister nikola gruevski , the head of the macedonian orthodox church archbishop stephen and the then-mayor of skopje trifun kostovski . 
  this does n't sound like an exclusive or supremacist claim on macedonian heritage . 
  as a historian myself i have much more of a problem with the greek effort to monopolize hellenistic and byzantine culture , which effectively tries to marginalize its massive significance . 
  and while i will readily acknowledge that this is mostly myth-building , there pretty much undoubtedly * is * blood from the ancient macedonians in the macedonian population ( even though also there 's undoubtedly much more in the northern greek population . ), 
  as far as i can tell the nationalism is mostly about snubbing greek bullying , which seems according to the wiki to have preceded it . 
  unless you 're talking about borders drawn in 1913 , which is a silly thing to complain about , the instances of truly crazed nationalism , like the bit you quote , seem pretty isolated to me . 
  although i have learned a bit today about how much macedonia 's also been bullied by serbia and bulgaria . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have more sympathy for a bullied and marginalized people , than for those throwing a huge fit about how bad their history is ( even while they themselves are mangling and misrepresenting history constantly . ), 
  no , putting up giant gaudy statues is putting up giant gaudy statues . 
  bullying is using financial and diplomatic pressure to try and force a sovereign country to abandon its flag , its name , its entire national identity , in what i 'm pretty sure is just an unprecedented way . 
  i guess maybe chinese behavior towards taiwan is comparable . 
  where has the macedonian government claimed that justinian , or alexander , were slavs ? 
  also , i suppose by the same argument against classically-inspired architecture , greece is going to be boycotting the united states any day now . 
  or have no greeks ever been to washington , d.c. ? 
  of course , upholding the romans or macedonians while complaining about ( ancient ) cultural appropriation is pretty funny . 
  where do you think that obelisk in istanbul came from ? 
   the greek leagues were formed before makedon 's rise to power . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're interpreting to say otherwise . 
   philip learned how to defeat the spartans in battle , something thought impossible for hundreds of years . 
  he used this knowledge to build his own personal army in his greek homeland . 
  dude , what ? 
  you literally do n't have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_leuctra phillip ii did develop the most formidable army in the ancient world , which is how his son , alexander , conquered most of the known world . 
  but it had nothing to do with sparta being some mystically unstoppable force , spartan power was broken by the time of the macedonian conquest of greece . 
  fuck , sparta was intentionally kept out of the pan-hellenistic crusade alexander cobbled together for propaganda purposes . 
  the captured persian armor he sent back to athens was inscribed `` defeated by alexander and all the greek city-states except for sparta '' or something to the effect , iirc . 
   all the greek city-states joined makedon to form the aechean hellenic league . 
  which you somehow forgot ? 
  i do n't know what you 're referring to here . 
  phillip was made archon of thessaly , and alexander was hegemon of greece as part of the crusade against persia . 
  there 's no one arguing that the macedonians did n't use the greeks militarily for a time . 
  but alexander was also pharaoh of egypt and the king of kings of persia . 
  and by all accounts those were more important titles to him . 
  the macedonians appreciated greek culture but did not seem to be wedded in any patriotic sense to greece . 
   philip 's rise to power started in the oracle of delphi , a place only allowed to greeks only . 
  he asked the oracle how to gain power and the oracle responsed by saying something along the lines of taking control of silver weapons . 
  wow , you 're just going in circles . 
  we went over this ; the ruling dynasty of macedonia was recognized as greek , but only the ruling dynasty . 
  regular macedonians were not considered greek . 
   philip then proceeded to capture all the silver mines in northern greece and used this wealth to form an alliance with all the nearby greek cities against athens , the last remaning super-power of greece since sparta has shattered after the loss against thebes . 
  gold . 
  also it was an athenian-theban alliance . 
  wait , you knew thebes had broken sparta but you still thought that sparta was unbeatable , do you actually think these things through ? 
   the period of alexanders death to the fall of makedon in 148 bc is known as the hellenic age . 
  the makedon royalty formed the aechean league which was an alliance of all free greeks against the romans in the four roman wars , the fourth being the defeat at makedon in 148 bc . 
  for most of the hellenistic period greece was just ruled by macedonian elites the same as the other successor kingdoms , like ptolemaic egypt . 
  i do n't know what you think `` all free greeks '' means , but unless it means , `` greeks who live in the peloponnese only '' it was n't that . 
   makedons , spartans , thebans , athenians , etc every greek city-state . 
  ceased to exist in 148 bc . 
  the next few hundred years saw the birth of the new greek which was not based on city-state `` purity '' like the spartans , athenians , makedons were obsessed with but instead a ethnic greek person with no city-state affilliation like their ancestors . 
  macedonians were n't obsessed with city-states , that 's part of what made them non-greek , `` barbaric . '', 
  as for ethnicity , no , that was not a factor . 
  we actually have records of lots of egyptian elites being given the tax-preferable `` greek '' status for instance . 
  they spoke greek and had both greek and egyptian names . 
  greek identity became very fluid around this point . 
   now do you understand why i get angry with fyrom people who claim they are 110 % pure makedons ? 
  something that ceased to exist in 148 bc !, 
  no macedonians i 'm aware of assert this , it is a fiction you have made up to get angry with . 
   by 400 ad when rome fell okay this chronology is pretty wrong but i think you mean `` when the western roman empire fell . '', 
  you can * pretend * that `` new greeks '' ruled the byzantine empire but you 're going to have to ignore pretty much all of byzantine history to do that . 
  the eastern roman/byzantine empire considered itself roman through and through , every citizen , whether , greek , bulgarian , slavic , thracian , armenian , syrian , egyptian , whatever . 
  hell that 's why justinian tried to reconquered most of the mediterranean , and briefly succeeded . 
   the greek aristocracy in byzantine era absolutely viewed themselves as roman but the common greek villager did not . 
  this is based on what ? 
  constantinople certainly saw itself as roman and there were no nationalist revolts of note from the attican peripherary . 
   they viewed romans as heretics for following a different christian religion , this is when the greek identity became intertwined with greek orthodoxy and to this very day is the core trait of greek identity . 
  dude the catholic/orthodox schism is n't until 1054 . 
  and sure , it 's a core tenet of modern greek nationalist identity . 
  that 's part of how you can tell that it 's a reconstruction based only in part on classical greek culture which was notably * not * christian . 
   we can finally let go of intense religious belief with a new identity so the greeks get to define themselves based on their history up until the modern day , but macedonians do n't , i guess . 
   only in very recent decades has the discovery of ancient greek wonders i mean what the fuck are you talking about btw . 
  but it 's not for you . 
  it 's for the macedonian people who are being bullied and attacked by greece because they feel a need to exercise a complete monopoly on thousands of years of eastern mediterranean history . 
  do you not think that 's fucked up , in a world in which national identity does exist and matters , even if you wish it did n't ?
