   you confuse ancient greek with ancient athenian , they are not the same thing . 
  like i said , athenians viewed themselves as a completely different race/culture to all other greeks be it thebans , spartans or makedons . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  the athenians considered those in corinth , sparta , etc. , even to some extent thebes as being greeks ; the athenians founded and led multiple pan-hellenistic leagues in which the greek identity of those other places was recognized . 
  and the athenians did n't control who was admitted to the olympic games , which were also based around the classical period idea of greek identity , from which non-royal macedonians were excluded . 
   the quote from athenian statesmen that makedons were `` barbarians '' was in his point of view correct as the makedon culture of war was barbaric to the athenian way of life which he wanted to keep . 
  this is * not * what ancient greeks meant by `` barbaric '' ; it was a term explicitly denoting a foreign , non-greek ( and therefore inferior ) status . 
  also i do n't know what you mean by `` culture of war , '' it 's not a culture of war that athens or any other greeks objected to . 
   greek ethnicity has always been based on mainland greece , greek culture was `` exported '' by the millions of greeks who traveled to different countries spreading greek culture such as egypt and syria . 
  when islamic empire took over these countries they stopped being greek . 
  when islamic empire took over greece , greek people/customs still existed but just under a foreign power . 
  well , no , greek culture originated in the islands and then was spread around the agean , including coastal anatolia . 
  large parts of the interior balkan/attican peninsula , including territory of modern-day greece , was n't really regarded as greek . 
  epirus , thrace , etc. . 
  anyway , a new hellenistic culture based on the koine greek language spread throughout the eastern mediterranean , mesopotamia and persia during the macedonian conquests . 
  it 's another anachronism , although one very much supported by greek nationalist mythology , to view this as simply `` spreading greek culture '' though . 
  the hellenistic culture was new and synthetic . 
  intertwined for a few centuries with italian/latin rome , then carried on for a thousand years under the byzantines . 
  in retreat before the arabization of the muslim conquests , yes , but that does n't change the nature of the culture that existed , which was still multicultural , from a greco-base , which was more hellenistic than classical , fused with its own orthodox christian worldview of course , and a very different creature from the culture of ancient greece . 
  as i noted elsewhere , for the first few centuries of ottoman rule , it was `` roman '' and not `` greek '' culture that the many christian ethnic groups in the balkans and anatolia saw themselves as preserving , even though this was a greek - and not latin-speaking culture . 
  it was only in the tail end of the 18th and early 19th centuries that the modern-day conception of greek nationalism , based on a reconstruction of ancient greek culture and kind of hand-waiving all the stuff between , was forged . 
  of course , nation building is not invented by people just waking up and deciding to be a thing , but that 's true of every nation , whether greeks , macedonians , irish , italians , germans , palestinians , kurds , turks , whatever . 
  there is an organic process of myth-making , a cultural conversation about real and symbolic history , that forges national identity . 
  but this very much included the appeal to a western european romance with classical greece ( tied in to some extent with republic-era rome ) which created the funding you agree was central to greece 's independence from the ottomans . 
  as for most of greek history outside of greek borders ; i am referring to the history of the hellenistic kingdoms , from roughly 320-50 bce ; the eastern roman empire , and then what we now call the byzantine empire in its various phases , up until the final collapse , a stretch of almost two thousand years in which variations of greek were the primary language of the eastern mediterranean in a multi-ethnic mix that contributed far more to world history than the couple centuries of classical , xenophobic greece . 
  onoes that sure is a gaudy statue . 
  the idea that athenian propaganda has successfully convinced anyone that this constitutes a dire military threat ( and specifically one which can only be stopped by bullying macedonia out of the eu ) is both appalling and laughable at the same time . 
  macedonians do n't claim alexander was slavic . 
  anymore than the british claim king arthur was saxon . 
  they merely associated with the history of the region in which they live . 
  there 's a bit of myth-making there , but that 's true of everywhere , and why should greece have a monopoly on alexander ? 
  he conquered a huge chunk of the world and would probably not want to be remembered and kept as a tightly held cultural possession of one sad , xenophobic , backwards-looking little banana democracy collapsing under the weight of its own corruption . 
  and no , greek syria was where syria was , just as modern day macedonian covers a good chunk of where macedonia was ( roughly speaking - including every bit of land ever considered `` macedonia '' would actually require annexing most of the balkans , but despite hysteria from athens there 's no actual claims of irredentism from skopje . ), 
  it probably was n't slavic . 
  does it need to be ? 
  why is a national identity born of events in recent centuries less valid than one reclaimed and reconstructed somewhat haphazardly , and rather opportunistically , from one that essentially died in the 4th century bce ? 
  where did i get `` basically unrelated to the greeks '' ? 
  from the ancient greeks , who considered and describe the macedonians , prior to phillip ii , as non-greek speaking barbarians . 
  who barred any macedonians other than the royal family from participating in the olympics . 
  the macedonians certainly saw themselves as being culturally related - that they shared religious elements is almost certainly true , for instance , but we really have no idea to what extent the religions overlapped - but the attican greeks themselves certainly did not see the macedonians as kin . 
  it 's certainly a lie to say that they shared the same language and a wild guess to say that their cultures were significantly similar in most of the other respects you speak of , before the reigns of phillip ii and alexander iii . 
  alexander iii burned down persepolis , not babylon , which , just , wow holy fuck does that undermine your credibility . 
  and yes , that was given as a reason under the official biography by callisthenes for the burning . 
  it also is generally regarded by historians as marking the end of the period in which alexander saw a use for the pan-hellenistic propaganda he had been employing and began weening the greeks out of his forces ( more than he already had , ) turning greece under antipater 's regency into just another satrap in his new tri-continental empire . 
  he had an interest in greek culture , certainly - but the same is true of egyptian and persian culture , and in fact he got in quite a lot of trouble with some more hellenistic-sympathizing members of his army over adoption of more foreign customs . 
  callisthenes himself did not last very long after questioning the adoption of persian ceremonial customs . 
  and no , you are quite right , there was no macedonian ethnic group by the time of byzantine rule . 
  but then , there was n't really a significant greek ethnic group either . 
  greece was cultural post-alexander , not ethnic . 
  at one point egyptians , syrians , jews , albanians , scythians , bulgarians , whoever were all `` greek . '', 
  this was really true from the time of the hellenistic kingdoms through to the byzantine era and the downfall of constantinople . 
  even early resistance against ottoman rule was n't attempting to rally `` greeks '' but `` romans , '' i.e. , christians . 
  it was n't until the late 18th/early 19th century when the greek identity was vigorously reasserted/recreated , primarily , honestly , to pump western european romantics like lord byron of their money and lives in support of some fanciful notion of classical greece reborn or whatever . 
  the macedonian identity , in a modern sense , began somewhat later , near the tail end of the 19th century , which is about when most nationalist identities really were being forged - macedonians do n't trail the italians or irish by so much , ultimately , and are about co-current with the palestinians , for instance . 
  anyway , i 'm not bulgarian . 
  it 's pretty shitty of you to assume i am in fact . 
  as you can see from my tag i 'm also american and the history i study is mostly published here or in the uk , not in skopje . 
  i would suggest that it is you that are the victim of greek nationalist propaganda , the same kind that 's been pumped out of athens for the past two hundred years in a sad and desperate attempt to keep a monopoly in the legacy of thousands of years of greco history and culture that takes place almost entirely outside of the borders of modern-day greece and by people who were primarily not ethnically greek . 
  that 's blatantly untrue . 
  modern-day macedonia includes much of upper macedonia , always nominally considered part of macedonia during the classical period , and brought under de-facto macedonian control fully during phillip ii 's reign . 
  after the conquests of alexander iii , and the breakup of the eastern mediterranean , mesopotamia and persia into separate macedonian dynasties , the nominal territory of macedonia was greatly expanded . 
  when the romans came through the lines were redrawn once again , covering much of the northern attican peninsula , and then shifted around several times through roman and later roman/byzantine administration - at one point more neatly aligning with the boundaries of modern-day bulgaria than any part of greece * or * macedonia !, 
  in truth , `` macedonia '' as a distinct culture from greece ended with the alexandrian conquests ; it 's fair to say the term had come to mean little more than `` north of greece '' long before the term started being applied regionally to the modern-day country a few centuries ago under the ottoman rule . 
  so were the syrians . 
  are the greeks going to insist that the country of syria change it 's name next ? 
  and do n't anyone tell them about egypt ... 
  i like how you echo how the greeks viewed macedonia ( as a backwards shithole basically unrelated to greece ) while arguing that macedonia is still greece !, 
  and yes , the royal family of macedonia was allowed to participate in the olympics - but * only * the royal family . 
  other macedonians were not so allowed . 
  their language was not considered greek . 
  it 's true that macedonia fell into the greek sphere of influence ... or , more aptly , after the macedonians conquered the eastern mediterranean , they adopted many of the trappings of greek civilization , including the language . 
  for the next almost two thousand years after that , `` greek '' was a cultural and not an ethnic or geographical designation , applying to plenty of bulgarians , albanians , macedonians , syrians , egyptians , etc. . hell , the actual location of `` macedonia '' as a roman , and then byzantine province shifted around quite a bit . 
  the greek argument is a lie , there is basically zero irredentism from anyone in macedonia . 
   how is it imperialism if they make no attempt to sieze territory or impose their will ? 
  is n't that just called `` being friends '' ? 
  i guess it is n't . 
  if you can find for me a historical case where a great power has intervened in a foreign nation in order to prop up or impose a particular government without ever asking for or getting anything in return , please let me know . 
   is the us imperialistic toward the uk ? 
  no , the us is hegemonic towards the uk . 
  the uk is another great power but as world hegemon the us gets to set the agenda and rules by which the great powers operate , to a very large extent . 
   imperialism has a meaning and connotation that does not apply very easily to modern , democratic countries and instead harkens back to the days of empire-building , which are long gone . 
  if you remove the bit about setting up flags and exclusive competing claims to territory between great powers , it applies pretty simply actually . 
  the great powers dictate the rules of who is a country or is n't , who is a legitimate government or is n't , and in return gets concessions , usually in the form of shipping access and the extraction of raw resources or access to cheap labor . 
   i mean , hell , when the us wants saudi oil they ignore saudi human rights abuses and back their play on regional issues . 
  if they were truly imperialistic ( like the british , french , spanish , ottoman , russian , or hell , persian and roman empires ) they would simply invade , subjugate the local population , and take whatever they wanted . 
  that 's what every actual imperial power in the history of imperial powers has always done . 
  you seem to have a very poor understanding of imperial history . 
  even when imperialism was more direct this was not what it was about . 
  the british did n't simply invade and kill everyone in india or egypt , they came to arrangements propping up local factions as intermediaries and administrators . 
  they were certainly willing to use military force - as is still true of great powers today , as we see in iraq , ukraine , afghanistan , mali , nigeria , somalia - but no one * prefers * to fight a war if they can get what they want another way . 
   imperialism is another game entirely , one that liberal democracies can not really play . 
  even if we pretend that modern imperialism does n't exist - which is silly - what are you saying , that britain circa 1950 did n't view itself as a liberal democracy ? 
  russia is playing an imperialist game here , but so is the us . 
  the us-backed government in kieve is mob-installed , displacing one elected democratically . 
  it contains neo-nazi elements who are viciously intolerant of the ethnic russians in ukraine , who predominantly voted for that democratically elected government we helped uninstall . 
  nothing going on here is about freedom and independence for ukraine . 
  a fifty-minute video is not self-explanatory . 
  it 's sad how some people will make up a little fetish like that to hide behind , `` well you 're defending stalin ! '', 
  who cares if it 's true , the point is that chanting it lets you abdicate ever actually thinking about anything being said . 
   you are a history major and yet you are equivocating 300 years of the north american history with 30-year long rule of stalin ?
