  it was all the genocide , exploitation , and theft that made him an unusually heinous villain . 
  that some fraction of his stolen wealth allows some people to attend college after his death - something that they should by all means be able to do anyway - in no way mitigates his guilt . 
  but i do n't expect this argument to make any headway , the very existence of this thread is just further proof that the overlay with / r/european is nearly complete . 
   how do you know that or is that a self-evident truth ? 
  it 's like you have n't even been reading the thread . 
  encouraging discrimination and violence against perceived cultural outsiders in order to `` protect '' the purity of your nation , yeah , that is pretty much a fascist attitude . 
  i 'm way more creeped out by how euphemistic it is . 
  `` we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people . '', 
  how nice and vague so you ca n't be blamed for how people might interpret that . 
   we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people in order to deter them from coming . 
  this is the second highest comment in this thread . 
  / r/europe , the home for straight up fascists . 
  `` trump 's remarks are nasty and i do n't agree with them but here 's a really roundabout way of saying he 's right and i agree with him . '', 
  not sure if a troll or just really gross, 
  you 're a special little delicate snowflake whose feelings must be protected , but those war refugees just need to toughen up and solve their problems . 
  i want you to actually stop and fucking think about the dumb fucking things you 're saying . 
   and hahahaha jokes on you i vote democratic or green every time . 
  1 ) i do not think there is the same moral imperative to let in war refugees as jaded first world youths who think a simple change of locale and accents will fix everything wrong with their ennui-filled lives . 
  2 ) `` do not mesh with european culture '' is such a dumb nothing of a thing to say . 
  this may shock you to learn but americans tend to act like americans everywhere they go because you do n't suddenly stop acting like you 've acted your entire life just because you 're in another part of the world etc. . 3 ) look , you 're making the extraordinary claim that there 's lots of young , educated , assimilation-ready americans dying to come over to europe to do shit jobs . 
  you need to back it up if you want to be taken seriously here , ignoring again every other moral problem with this argument . 
   stuck being baristas but you 'd love being a janitor if only the locals smoked a lot more and it was impossible to buy peanut butter and also you do n't speak the fucking language . 
   you guys i am pretty sure i have an american flag tag , are you just not using the subreddit style or something ? 
   how about what is good for the middle east ? 
  everyone talks aboutafrica 's brain drain ... there is a drain of `` moderates '' in the middle east ( i put it in quotes because compared to europe they are anything but ) . 
  this is sure someone who does n't know anything about the situation formulating a half-cooked theory from watching a few minutes of cable news and hearing the tail end of an npr report . 
  germany 1935 also had a `` moderate drain '' because that 's generally what a refugee crisis * fucking is by definition . 
  *  those are the people who should be fighting for oh fuck off , go get yourself shot . 
  fucking armchair patriot over here wants to desperately leave their own country for a delusional utopian fiction you 've created in your head rather than fix anything , but * other * people should totally go get raped and decapitated fighting isis . 
   they should n't be dragging down europe and leaving their culture to extremists . 
  said the lazy liberal who ca n't be arsed to vote out republicans . 
  you fucking rotting hypocrite . 
  this is the part where the conversation derails simply because most people suck at actually using or understanding numbers in anyway . 
  disregarding every other question or moral imperative involved ( as an aside , `` what 's best for europeans '' may not be the ultimate moral good in an objective sense , and especially not in the `` what makes intolerant europeans the most comfortable '' sense , ) we run into the simple statistical problem where a geriatric , shrinking europe ca n't be kept afloat in terms of its labor force etc. 
  by the pool of european-fetishists available in the only slightly less geriatric and barely-keeping-even american population . 
  if nothing else just because the american fetishists , like our friend above , mostly prefer fetishizing asian countries , japan , korea , thailand etc. 
  and i 'm sure when it becomes a bit easier to live there permanently , china as well . 
  or put more simply , when you say that there are plenty of educated , liberal americans who want to work menial jobs in europe just because europe is so awesome pfffft no , bullshit . 
  i am glad that you have decided that there are neither religious nor monotheist chinese , and also that `` i hate monotheists '' is a thing that makes sense and not a flagrantly bullshit rationalization that a child could see through instantly . 
  `` i do n't hate jews and muslims , it 's just you know , i 'm allergic to monotheism . '', 
  which also , you know , if true , probably deport the christian majority from your country ? 
  no , wait , i 'm forgetting , you obfuscated it with `` aggressive '' so that it 's impossible to actually apply your nonsense standard , although the actual case is obviously that you want it applied quite uniformly to all muslims . 
  for five minutes , and then there will be problems with chinese immigrants , and you 'll be back to whine about how they just wo n't embrace the obviously superior european ideals , how much violence and crime they cause and how they constantly living off of welfare and/or stealing jobs etc. , etc. . 
  but hey in theory there is out there somewhere a perfect group of immigrants that contain no bad people and who always agree with and adhere to the things you like and already know and are familiar with and that make you comfortable , and * them * you would welcome with open arms . 
  you gentle and generous soul , you . 
  i 'm imagining you sitting at home angrily typing these things , muttering to yourself , `` yeah , that sounds really hard and badass , that 'll show him . '', 
  i think it 's actually just kind of obvious that you 're the sort of person that ca n't admit to mistakes or let things go . 
  so you 'll keep on trucking until i stop posting and you can feel you got the last word in . 
  that 'll be now , by the way . 
  i got other shit to do . 
  literally your last post was `` you are worth 10 seconds of my time kid '' post about how you 're totally done talking to me , and now you 're `` i never back out . '', 
  do you ever , staggering through life , actually stop and think about the things you do or say and how they relate to each other and/or anything that could reasonably be understood as an objective reality , or is it all just a miasmic haze of quasi tough guy posturing and panicked flailing ? 
  rhetorical question btw . 
  it 's not tl ; dr , and you 've already spent far more time and energy than `` a few short sentences , '' you 're just backing out to save face because you know you 're talking out of your ass . 
  your `` history shows otherwise '' is a desperate , pathetic prayer to things you assume but have no evidence for . 
  i 'm currently looking at doctoral programs . 
  like , this is literally the thing that i do . 
  that does n't always mean i 'm right about everything - historians disagree all the time ! - but i have an idea of how these arguments actually work . 
  and ... yours , does n't . 
  or should i say , is n't . 
  it 's not an actual argument . 
  you 're just angrily and repeatedly insisting that something is true because you heard it once somewhere . 
  i do n't know who palash ghosh is . 
  a quick google search reveals that he is [ emphatically not a historian  ( http://www.cmswire.com/author/palash-ghosh/ )  palash has around 13 years of architecting , designing , implementation experience providing business and technology solutions across diverse range of tools/technologies in the areas of enterprise content management ( ecm ) , web content management ( wcm ) , portal , collaboration and soa/bpm space . 
  currently he is involved in evaluating product , establishing tools/technology roadmap/direction and architecture/design consulting for multiple initiative ( s ) for fortune 500 companies . 
  he is also driving different solution conceptualization and implementation effort related to cloud computing & mobility . 
  he is a bea certified enterprise architect , ibm certified ooad & soa solution designer . 
  as technical manager/solution architect , palash is guiding customers on aligning their tools/technology/architecture strategy with their business vision , objectives & requirements most of that sounds like corporate gobbledy-gook but none of it is related to expertise in history . 
  timothy snyder , the guy who wrote that article i linked you to that you probably did n't read , by contrast , is a professor of history at yale specializing in eastern european history and the holocaust . 
  so i gave you a relevant expert on the field trying to pierce your dense fog of self-induced ignorance , and you gave me some random asshole who ... what ? 
  opens up citing a paper from 1989 that gives a big number . 
  but my fucking god , man !, 
  that 's exactly what i told you !, 
  the big numbers are all from the cold war . 
  then he cites a book from 1983 , which continuing the trend i guess . 
  yaklovev he does n't even say where this citation is from , making it completely useless anyway . 
  norman davies is the only actually qualified historian he cites here from after the fall of the soviet union , although 1996 is pretty early . 
  it 's not clear what davies is basing such an estimate on , if it 's accurate . 
  it helps for cases like these to cite academic articles that are readily available online rather than paper books written for mass consumption without even a page number in the citation . 
  this quote is truly remarkable :  even some who have put out estimates based on research admit their calculations may be inadequate . 
  like , but do n't consider that those estimates based on wild guesswork might be * high * ? 
  that maybe the assumption that stalin killed a fifth of the russian population might be kind of wildly panicked and without basis ? 
  jesus christ , now he 's citing conquest from 196fucking8 . 
  so pro tip : it is super suspicious in * anything * when all your sources are old enough to drink and most are eyeing retirement . 
  research is constant . 
  especially in this era when we 're constantly improving on previous technology and finding old archives . 
  the quotes about stalin being a bad person have no relevance whatsoever on identifying the actual number . 
  the fact that the author seems to think that 20 million is `` the low number '' indicates a complete lack of knowledge on this subject . 
  how can he be taken seriously if he 's not even * aware * of the modern scholarship on the subject ? 
  so in conclusion you found some article in a non-history site by a non-historian who read a few wiki articles citing very old sources and decided he was an expert , and you agreed with him because he told you the thing you already thought was true . 
  like , the discrepancy between what you believe to be true here and what is actually true is amazing . 
  i do not care about defending stalin or the ussr ; i care about actually accurately understanding history . 
  which you are blatantly attempting to undermine for pure ideological motive . 
  you 're talking to an actual historian who 's cited actual historical evidence and tried to give you an actual understanding of the state of a particular question in the field , and your response is like this glenn beckian , dystopian joke of `` lrn 2 history '' and clinging to some fabricated myth you picked up from probably a facebook post or ketchup packet or something , but conforms to your worldview . 
  and so you project that exact same believing-what-you-want-to-believe philosophy onto me , because god forbid you accept responsibility for your own actions . 
  but nothing will ever make you re-evaluate , i would imagine , so why bang one 's head against the wall ? 
   no that is your opinion that we should praise because they were good people . 
  that is n't even remotely what i said , and is simply you lying and making things up in a pathetic attempt to save face . 
   the fact of the matter , regardless of opinion , is that they killed more people than nazis `` the fact of the matter , regardless of the facts of the matter ! '', 
  because who needs academic research and evidence when you have gut feels , i guess ?
