   that their alliance with nazis led to wwii and holocaust . 
  the nazis and soviet union did n't have an alliance . 
  they had a non-aggression pact . 
  you know who else agreed to give hitler land and not attack him , would be the western allies . 
  munich agreement etc. . and this is some pretty amazingly shady acrobatics of responsibility anyway . 
  `` the ussr was worse than the nazis because some things they did helped * the nazis !, 
  * ''  i dont believe in good or bad , but apparently you do . 
  lolwut  your agenda is to paint them as good regardless of facts . 
  i wonder if you are actually stupid enough to believe this . 
  although the consolation prize i guess is that you would be stupid enough to think that anyone else was stupid enough to believe this . 
  not looking good either way , i suppose . 
   many people marginalize them because of the murder of millions and there pact with nazis which led to horrors of wwii . 
  so , once again we have to point out that 1 ) this is in fact you believing in `` good and bad , '' and 2 ) this is also very literally and directly your arguing that your moral opinion of a historical actor means we should ignore their relevance to history - which is , with the utmost irony and projection of course , exactly the thing you accused * me * of doing . 
   the tens of millions that died directly or indirectly died form the actions of russia are pissed of at them . 
  oh , is it dead people spreading bad , outdated numbers around the internet ? 
   you are probably some american teenager who doesnt understand history and cant understand the view of anyone but yourself that is brainwashed by false propaganda . 
  i will assume this is more projection . 
  when/if you get to college i recommend taking a few history classes . 
   the horrors of russia werent known until after ussr collapsed . 
  lolwut  people knew russia killed millions but the magnitude was several times higher and this wasnt known until after wwii . 
  i. . . wow , there was no segue here , do you actually think the collapse of the ussr was right after wwii ? 
  i will assume this was just really shitty communication on your part and you have at least some vague idea of what the timeline of the cold war looks like . 
   the lower end of russia 's murders is higher than the upper end of nazis murders . 
  like , it just baffles me that you would sit there and say things that are so completely without foundation that a moment 's effort on google would dispel them . 
  the highest estimates of the soviet/stalinist regime kill count are * all * from the cold war era . 
  at least the highest that are or were given even a shred of credibility from academia , maybe like alex jones revised the estimate up to 500 billion or something and that 's where you 're getting your data . 
  modern academia has gone through the documents available after the fall of the soviet union for decades and those old figures are no longer credible , replaced by significantly smaller ones . 
  the old figures are simply much larger on average than the new ones ; the new ones are line with the smallest of the old estimates , and both of those are far below most reasonably credible estimates of simple direct civilian casualties of the nazis ; nonwithstanding that , for instance , if you want to give the soviet union credit for the famine in ukraine , you would likewise have to give the british credit for the bengali famine , and hitler actual responsibility for most of the war-dead overall in wwii , which would push him far , far over anything close to what stalin has on his scoreboard . 
   you should read history . 
  lololololol  i get it you love the ussr and you want us to ignore how the ussr and nazis worked together to start wwii and ignore the murders of wwii . 
  you have to realize from a neutral point of view they were both responsible and russia killed more and this is historic fact . 
  i just do n't get how someone can be so good at ignoring the reality around them and constructing an alternate version that makes them happy and conforms to their initial presumptions . 
   i am sorry the facts dont confirm to the way you want history to be presented . 
   it is how historic analysis works . 
  it isnt how your opinion works . 
  so to be clear , you think historical analysis is `` we should ignore/belittle soviet relevance/power during wwii because i think they were bad people , and `` my opinion '' is something like , `` regardless of what you think about them personally , it 's pretty silly to marginalize the relevance of the soviet union militarily during wwii . '', 
  yeah , okay buddy . 
   the death toll that ussr did was known after cold war , not during it . 
  ... right , because the cold war era figures were speculation and/or propaganda , which is what i said . 
  post-cold war documents have tended to confirm the lower end estimates of deaths caused by soviet ( even stalinist ) policies . 
   your argument is modern russian propaganda to try and get useful idiots to ignore the ussr death toll , and 99 % of modern academic would call your statement ignorant . 
  you should read this article . 
  1 ) uh , this is not how historical analysis works ? 
  `` i think x are bad people '' is first of all not related to how we judge importance to an era . 
  the soviet union was hugely important to the way wwii developed and how the nazis were defeated , regardless of stalin being a bad person . 
  2 ) it is not clear that this standard is being applied consistently anyway , like , the us and certainly the british empire had their own piles of corpses . 
  3 ) the estimates that the ussr killed more people than the nazis ( either under stalin or overall ) are basically cold war-era speculation/propaganda that modern academics have pretty much debunked . 
  stalin 's entire regime was more on the scale of a normal authoritarian dictatorship in modern times , a few million deaths over a couple of decades . 
  horrible , but not anywhere close to the scale of the nazis . 
  i mean , there were spectacular failures of strategy and leadership on the soviet side in wwii , esp . 
  at the beginning due to stalin killing most of the people who knew what they were doing in the red army . 
  but unlike wwi , besides just the fact that leadership got better , russia had industrialized to the point where it was able to make up for those failures . 
  you could say allied supplies helped too , which is true to an extent , but they had those in wwi too . 
  comparing wwi russian results to soviet results in wwii really underscores how much of those gains from industrialization were in fact real . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_tannenberg ), 
  if someone said it at a lunch somewhere , it must be true !, 
  there is no actual credible , historical evidence for operation groza being real and not fake . 
  it is without academic support . 
  the fact that a few idiots make money shilling the idea to bigger idiots in stormfront or hyper-jingoist right-wing nut groups . 
  this is n't the us naval academy , by the way . 
  it 's the [ us naval institute ] ( http://www.usni.org/about ) , a private group about which see : hyper-jingoist etc. 
  above . 
   operation groza and by `` read up on your history '' you mean `` consult stormfront conspiracy theories online , '' of course . 
  then you 're an idiot completely unfamiliar with wwi . 
  and i 'm not sure why you think the franco-prussian war is proof of french weakness . 
  most historians take it as a proof of prussia 's remarkable growth in the late 19th century and the cutting edge military tactics it adopted , and it ca n't be both simultaneously . 
  the prussians had a well-oiled military machine that had just fought two very successful wars against the danes and austrians , they made better use of technology like rail and telegraph , and they more troops to start with . 
  so they won the war . 
  they captured the french head of state and capital city . 
  like , what exactly is the shame there , did you want a decade of protracted guerilla warfare that devastated the countryside ? 
  like this criticism is so dumb . 
  `` most people do n't know that france has lost multiple wars . '', 
  oh , the horror ? 
  it 's kind of weird to lump wwii in there , and kind of dumb to marginalize the ussr during the period there , considering they were in fact the ones who beat the nazis , basically . 
  like the difference between russia in wwii and wwi , where it was basically a joke and a punching bag , is startling . 
  also the timeline is off , the bolsheviks did n't overthrow the czarist regime , they overthrew the kerensky interregnum government that displaced the czar due to russia 's spectacular failures in wwi and the miseries that inflicted on the populace , both at the frontline and at home . 
  for the collapse of the ussr i believe it 's more accurate to describe it as mostly a political implosion that was * followed * by economic collapse . 
  i.e. , russia 's economy did n't crater until after the political collapse and the attempt to implement westernization via `` shock therapy '' policies etc. . 
  despite claiming that you were going to be done talking to me , you seem really eager to have a mic drop moment . 
  of course , nothing is a `` right '' unless socially agreed upon . 
  it is clearly the case in capitalist society that capitalists have a right to exercise ownership over capital they can produce a plausible claim on , regardless of distance , personal involvement , etc. 
  ; while it is equally the case that the workers who produce do not have much right to control their own labor . 
  that does not mean that this is inevitable or preferable as systems go . 
  wage labor is of course * by definition * exploitation - it is * definitionally * true that the employer pays the worker * out of the produce of their own labor . 
  * were this not the case , they would make no profit renting out their capital ; while would make them a failure in the capitalist form of economy . 
  whether you think such exploitation is justified or good is a different question , but it is exploitation by definition . 
  i also think you have a pretty weak grasp on what `` mainstream economists '' think about things . 
  started dozing in class when they started talking about lebenstraum i guess ? 
  of course germany * did * have a colonial empire , too , although i guess you want to get to , `` they were n't as big as france and britain 's so it does n't count . '', 
  and yes , i mean modern capitalism , it does n't really shock me that you want to just ignore the evil intrinsic in that system . 
  well , none personally really , but they 've spent the last two and a half decades getting richer really fast based on nothing more than geographical proximity to those who did and membership in a franchise that continues to do so . 
  it does n't make me a hypocrite because i 'm not opposed to the us taking war refugees . 
  i think they should . 
  that does n't let european countries off the hook . 
  and sure , some of them were not involved in the iraq war . 
  those also tend to be by and large the countries where the governments * are * trying to absorb reasonable numbers of refugees . 
   i see this as a perfectly valid reason to not take part in this mess literally it 's the same logic as not wanting to help holocaust victims . 
  sure . 
  as i said elsewhere , saying the us should be forced to take more responsibility , take more of the refugees etc. , is fine . 
  that 's a different argument than what people are saying itt though .
