  the funny thing is if i point out how racist you are , you 'll get upset and indignant and probably even decide that i 'm the bigot or something , because reddit is nothing if not a steaming pile of moral abdication . 
  i find this really funny as it perfectly demonstrates the sheer , brazen hypocrisy of eastern europeans during this whole thing . 
  decades of mass immigration to wealthier western european countries ( on top of massive amounts of subsidies from the eu at home . ), 
  constant complaining about being discriminated and looked down upon by western europeans . 
  but who 's been the loudest voices attacking actual war refugees ? 
  and now you instantly go from outraged , `` how dare you discriminate against us '' to `` oh , perfectly understandable '' because it 's a group you did n't like anyway being talked about and not you . 
  it 's pretty silly to ignore that for decades , eastern europe has been and is profiting enormously off of the exact same immigration to richer western european countries they 're all complaining about syrian refugees doing now . 
  a cynic might attribute their efforts at closing borders less to some idea of principle than to fear of competition . 
  in a recent post he said most of his relatives are mormon , so a reasonable guess . 
  what does `` defending a culture '' mean ? 
  cultures * naturally * change over time . 
  outside ideas coming in , people migrating and emigrating - these are normal parts of the development of a culture too . 
  the `` european way of life '' certainly does n't resemble what it was a century ago particularly . 
  which , really , you 'd think would be * especially * obvious to an american . 
  well that 's a lot of levels of you not knowing what you 're talking about . 
  - islam being a strict religion is n't unique or even unusual , it 's pretty normal for religions in places where people * actually believe in their religion * in more than a vague hand-waivey `` i consider myself spiritual , not religious '' sense . 
  westerners are mostly just too secularized to get this ( contrast the bible belt in the us where actual religious conviction is somewhat more prevalent . ), 
  despite this , religion differing from the mainstream in migrant waves is n't a new problem either . 
  there were very identical complaints about jews going back centuries both in the us and europe . 
  hell , catholics were viewed with such suspicion in the us that jfk had to give a campaign speech basically promising the public he would n't just take marching orders from the pope . 
  - re this passage :  why would i hand out with people who has different ideology ? 
  1 ) i think you 're mixing up religion and ideology ? 
  and religion in culture ? 
  like `` islam '' is n't a mass of one culture , and even within certain ethnic groups ( turks , say ) there are radically different ideologies both in relation to religion and to almost anything else . 
  assuming that people hang out in ethnic enclaves because everyone there is a hive mind with the same viewpoint is a very dangerous and wrong assumption to make . 
  but the shorter answer to `` why would i change '' is obviously : economic and social mobility . 
   you are too naive to think these refugees coming from a completely different background can just assimilate over time well this is pretty condescending considering you 're completely wrong . 
  i described a multi-generational process ? 
  i 'm pretty aware that people born into culture x wo n't just become members of culture y because they move to an area where culture y is dominant ; that 's actually a point i made !, 
  what happens is a multi-generational shift towards the dominant culture over time , * because that 's where the better opportunities are . 
  * kids of immigrants tend to be * embarrassed * of their native culture more often than not . 
  like it 's never very secret to them that the status quo , dominant culture has more respectability and wealth etc. . 
  i need to know what country you 're from to mock this idea appropriately . 
  please be like france or germany or something , i do n't know what to do with malta . 
  oh my god you 're an idiot . 
  germans were the dominant immigration group in the us * in the 18th fucking century * . 
  they integrated just fine for generations without the language being banned . 
  integration is a normal process . 
  integration is desired by almost all outside groups for obvious reasons - there 's greater social and economic opportunities in the mainstream than in fringe communities . 
  the normal integration process immigrants go through is more or less three generational : - gen 1 immigrants are ... members of whatever culture they 're from , essentially . 
  what , you think it 's easy to erase a lifetime of experiences and habits as an adult ? 
  - gen 2 immigrants are the in-betweens . 
  sometimes fluent in both languages , sometimes not fully fluent in either . 
  think chicano culture . 
  often feel an intense sense of not belonging to either culture . 
  - gen 3 only speaks the local dominant language generally and are culturally fully integrated . 
  well , this is also helped by the fact that if the immigrant wave is large enough , the native culture changes to absorb elements of that culture - think hamburgers and christmas trees for german-american influence , for instance . 
  the reason this process slows down or does n't happen is generally because it ca n't because there 's cultural isolation or stigmatization . 
  you see this in permanent sub-class populations like the roma in europe , dalit in india , blacks in america etc. . 
  same thing as blacks in america . 
  or dalit in india . 
  1 ) create a stigmatized , ostracized minority that are mostly forced to keep to themselves with little social or economic opportunity . 
  2 ) surprise !, 
  people who are ostracized , treated like shit , live in poverty , who are almost exclusively victimized rather than protected by law enforcement produce a lot of violence and criminality . 
  who would have thought ? 
  3 ) use mock-outrage and surprise over this to justify continuing to ostracize and shun aforementioned group . 
  people that think anyone chooses to live in a violent and marginalized community , or chooses that for their children , are idiots . 
  poverty and prejudice just create a trap that it 's difficult to escape from . 
  someone up-thread said only 6 % disapproval which like ... is a lot lower than anywhere else i guess ? 
  and that 's worth celebrating . 
  but damn . 
  that 's still a lot of people disapproving of other people existing , when you think about it . 
  i do n't really know or care if you personally visit stormfront , but the prevalence of stormfront-originated and similar ideas , memes , and viewpoints in this sub , being constantly regurgitated and reinforced with wails of martyrdom in the rare instance that they encounter strong resistance , is hard to miss . 
  that is neither a thing nor evidence . 
  man yeah , one thing i 've definitely noticed following this sub recently is how isolated and shunned people who say negative , even openly racist and xenophobic things about refugees are . 
  * ( j/k it is the opposite of that , are you fucking insane ? 
  i do n't know what you mean by feeling entitled to a cultural environment . 
  i am pretty sure cultural difference is the main bugaboo here so i am ignoring the first word and assuming the point is the second , where if people feel entitled to be somewhere safe - good ? 
  every refugee population , every poor and traumatized population in history is going to produce some violence . 
  you 're going to do a better job solving that with humane treatment than by treating them like animals , though , that 's just asking to exacerbate the situation . 
   trying to shut down every debate on this sub maybe you should re-read the posts i was responding to and tell me with a straight face that that 's a `` debate . '', 
  back in reality , it takes very little powers of observation to see that people in this sub do not feel stifled in expressing even the most vile , racist and xenophobic sentiments quite openly , so this faux concern and insincere sanctimony schtick you 're doing is irrelevant . 
  the stormfront circlejerk is strong itt, 
  - `` supposed war zone , '' so already this pretty much renders your opinion irrelevant . 
  - to reach safety , yes . 
  the safety is n't the crossing , on account of * all the refugees who keep dying or being beaten and put into camps etc. . * they want to get somewhere safe and then send for their family . 
  - `` until they get somewhere that gives them generous benefits . '', 
  i would love one of the idiots that keeps parroting this to tell me what evidence for it they have . 
  `` whether you agree with me or disagree with me , we should all agree that the media has n't paid enough attention to the fact that i 'm right and people who disagree with me are wrong . '', 
  1 ) most of the pictures i 've seen have been predominantly men , so this is just a lie . 
  2 ) i do n't know what you mean here ? 
  i 've seen lots of coverage of conflicts with migrants . 
  lots of that conflict initiated by european cops or civilians of course . 
  3 ) everyone 's been subject to threats and violence ? 
  4 ) they 're pretty comparable , in terms of the early stages of the holocaust . 
  you seem to be basically assuming that violence amongst refugee communities is some kind of historical anomaly which is lolnope . 
  5 ) there 's ... no media coverage ... about schools closing in lesbos ? 
  i mean first of all so , second of all lots stories i 've read have talked about the impact of floods of refugees on local communities . 
  basically your complaint is `` the media is n't saying anything bad about the immigration crisis '' which is only explainable by your being rabidly anti-immigrant to the point where anything less than that is bias to you , or just not having actually read anything about it . 
   hungary will not let you illegally move further northwest into the eu . 
  hungary is not holding you prisoner : if you ask to be deported , hungary will most certainly permit that . 
  into a war zone . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  are you stupid or something ? 
  try that line but replace it with , `` well , they could always ask to be killed . '', 
  thanks for the radical freedom , sartre . 
   this is staying at a border and trying to cross it . 
  if someone asks for asylum in the country where they are presently , they should wind up being processed . 
  this is not even an answer , you 're basically just saying you want to ignore human suffering . 
   you have a civil war .
