  i do n't mean this even in a `` no true scotsman '' way , i mean that literally if you were familiar with marxist-leninism and the works of the bolsheviks you would know that the soviet union was not seen - * by the communists running it * - as communist . 
  there is a very good reason for this : under marxist theory , it could n't be . 
  prior to the bolsheviks no communist theorists expected the forefront of the socialist revolution to be in russia . 
  most bets were on germany , partly because it had a very large and powerful communist movement at the start of the 20th century , and partly because it was one of , if not the most industrially advanced nations in the world , which was * understood to be a precondition of communism . 
  * you see , communist theory , while it seeks or is at least about the inevitability of the destruction of capitalism , does n't see capitalism , in a broader historical sense , as an evil * per se * . 
  rather history is perceived , in terms of economics and class structure , as a march through several phases ; hunter-gatherer/primitivism , then feudalism , then capitalism . 
  each of these rises inevitably on the basis of its superiority in terms of materially producing a better and wealthier mode of life . 
  for all its problems , capitalism is an evolution of and improvement over feudalism . 
  the problem was that in russia capitalism was not very advanced , to the point where it was a question if it was not still essentially feudal ; hell , serfdom was only officially abolished in the 1860s . 
  so , many communists then - and rather more now , honestly - said ; it 's impossible , then , you ca n't skip capitalism ; there 's no way to implement communism in russia . 
  what was applied in russia as an answer to this was marxist-leninism , and in china , marxist-leninist-maoism ; this was essentially seen as state-controlled capitalism , with some amount of private markets functioning alongside a state-controlled , centrally managed industrializing economy . 
  it should be said that economically there was actually a lot to be said for this model , at least for a period of time , which is why we had that cold war period where the western nations , that started at a much higher base , were scared shitless of the rapidity with which these once much poorer nations were industrializing . 
  i think that whatever their economic successes these were clearly political failures , creating massive amounts of additional suffering , but that tally is hard to track accurately ; the industrialization of western nations has hardly been without bloodshed . 
  anyway , you 've probably stopped reading at this point and wo n't listen anyway , but the point is m-lism is just one branch of communism and little else has been given a serious shot ; part of the problem with smaller scale experiments is that marxist theory sort of predicts a rolling revolution and instead what 's happened is usually isolation , embargo , invasion and the fermenting of coups and counter-revolutions . 
  and at any rate it 's never actually been attempted in a fully industrialized nation which , again , is the starting premise of the original theory . 
  and honestly while i 'm not 100 % blithe about the inevitability argument i do think there 's a lot of logic to it , so while comments like yours that just show a kneejerk propagandistic aversion are sad to see , they 're not that worrying ; i think if you asked most people what they want the global economic and political system to look like in ~ 200 years they 'd pretty much describe communism even if they would balk at calling it that . 
  i 'd rather we not wait that long but sooner or later it 's probably just going to happen . 
  yes . 
  i mean first of all i did n't start out a communist and i certainly did n't get any encouragement that direction for the first uh , 26 , 28ish years of my life . 
  i do n't really treat my political beliefs as a game of scoring the most points , they 're based on my considered opinions of what 's possible and what 's necessary for the maximum good of society . 
  your idea of communism seems to be basically the ussr . 
  and not only that but honestly a pretty cartoonish version of the ussr that was worse than the nazis and was built around killing everyone all the time . 
  it 's a little silly . 
  has there even been a moment here , or at any point , where you considered the idea that you were actually wrong about that ? 
  honestly ? 
  you caught me , literally communist ideology is to kill everyone . 
  it feels like you go to a subreddit that two months ago was , `` je suis charlie !, 
  free speech forever !, 
  '' , and suddenly they 're all talking about how great banning people from talking about or promoting your political beliefs based on their fuck-all understanding of it that amounts to , `` herpaderp stalin was bad . '', 
  okay , but the estimates i saw for this period would put it more like in the realm of tens of thousands rather than millions ? 
  i 'm not saying it was a great time to be alive , i 'm comparing it with being black under jim crow . 
  throughout the 20th century cyprus was about 18-22 % turkish . 
  unless you mean before the ottoman invasion in which case lol good luck redrawing that map . 
  interesting analogy . 
  what do you say to survivors of horrific abuses and regimes under capitalist governments in chile , argentina , indonesia , nigeria , etc. , or to the survivors of colonial repression in algeria , kenya and so on ? 
  what do you say to the black community in the us that has suffered through centuries of state-sanctioned kidnapping , torture , rape , murder , exploitation and political and economic degradation ? 
  there are no modern estimates as high as 10 million ; modern estimates for the gulag system are much lower than that . 
  * everyone * killed under stalin 's reign is still well under 10 million by any modern , respectable estimate . 
  but we were n't talking about the entirety of the gulag system ; we were talking about the early 50s , whereas the worst of the stalinist terror took place in the 30s . 
  okay , so why not ban soviet propaganda ? 
  yes , although your phrasing is awkward and makes it sound like millions died , which is n't true for that time period . 
  i 'm also aware of what jim crow era conditions were like for black americans , especially but not exclusively in the south . 
  overall , i 'd rather live in the us at most random points but my point is more just not acting like oppression and exploitation were unique to soviet countries . 
  and that 's just using the west directly as a comparison , despite a much higher average industrial base ; it gets worse if we bring in capitalist western allies like chile , south korea , indonesia etc. . 
  i think you have deeply confused politics and culture . 
  i 'm literally a communist . 
  i am pretty sure i probably know more about communist thought and ideology than you do . 
  i 'm not trying to defend every communist ever , or ever policy of an officially communist government ; it is certainly , however , no more equivalent to nazi ideology than , say , capitalism is . 
  you know that communism refers to a fairly wide range of political and social ideals that extend beyond stalinism or even bolshevikism ? 
  with that logic , pakistan and afghanistan should belong to ~ ~ greece ~ ~ macedonia . 
   and the only man who had enough influence to stop the war and who wanted to avoid a war with russia at all cost was named franz-ferdinand . 
  this often gets glossed over i feel . 
  well , everything about wwi does but ; the black hand specifically assassinated franz-ferdinand , not because they were afraid of serbia going to war with a-h , but because they were afraid of a lasting peace . 
  it is a similar story with the assassination of jean jaures by a french nationalist . 
  it 's always easier to blame the leaders , but there was a lot of popular forment for war at the time too . 
  that 's not really what `` over-simplifcation '' means . 
  it just means that while technically correct it leaves out too much context for it to be really useful as a description . 
  like the political and ethnic situation in cyprus is more complex than just this singular complain that turkey is supporting an unrecognized government in the northern half of the island . 
  i would far rather be a soviet citizen in 1950 than a black american . 
  well , although being queer i 'd be fucked either way . 
  i hate tankies and do n't want to get dragged into apologizing for bolshevik fuckups , but i really hate this whitewashing of western history . 
  well first of all , communism that has been tried has been marxist-leninism or variants thereof ; and in practice and mostly in theory it 's distinguished from true communism internally . 
  that is , the ussr was not supposed to be accomplished communism ; it was supposed to be basically state capitalism , an accelerated version , according to lenin himself . 
  the reasons for this are related to marxist theory ; generally communists see capitalism as a necessary transitional state on the way to communism . 
  many communists have and still do condemn ml theory as being flawed . 
  there has n't really been any serious and sustained effort to a communist revolution in a fully industrialized nation so we do n't really know what that would look like . 
  secondly , as much as i frankly hate tankies and kind of to a lesser extent mls generally , saying , `` every single time , communism has led to oppression '' is kind of a dumb statement . 
  well no shit , every single instance of capitalism has led to oppression too . 
  in fact i 'm not sure what form of government or economic management you think has n't created oppression . 
  only if you use cold war propaganda numbers that have been long debunked . 
  why ? 
  how is communist propaganda , which is pro-equality , like nazi propaganda , which is pro-killing ` racial inferiors ' ? 
  `` you see , this land really belongs to us because of our ancestors and the current borders are a false division . '', 
  well i ca n't see how that logic would possibly lead to endless bloodshed and ethnic cleansing . 
  `` historical land , '' said every invader ever . 
  there 's been a turkish population in cyprus for centuries . 
  saying that they 're simply occupying half the island is a little bit of an over-simplification . 
  but this is / r/europe and no one is allowed to say something slightly positive or even simply less negative about turkey , so go ahead and give me your downvotes , fuckers . 
  i am a communist who hangs in communist circles and i do n't off hand know anyone who thinks `` it 's a flawless system . '', 
  communism is an ideal , more or less an end state , and the problem of how to get there is treated as anything but trivial by even the most deluded tankie that i know of . 
   there were several periods of individualism rising in a philosophy and peoples mindset : rennaissance , enlightment , smith 's liberalism and post ww2 . 
  so , here , 1 ) what do you mean by individualism ? 
  2 ) where and what do you mean by it rising when in the rennaissance - should i assume you mean the italian renaissance ? 
  but clan and city-state were of utmost importance in that period to my knowledge . 
  i agree that there is a healthy dose of individualism in the liberal-capitalist reforms of the enlightenment period , although these were far from universal . 
  race , nationalism , religion , socialism , and so on are all powerful forces during this period of time . 
  although that 's certainly true of american culture too . 
  which i guess gets back to the problem of what is actually * meant * by saying `` individualism . '', 
  is it a concrete philosophy in itself , or merely a facet emergent in some philosophies and less so in others ? 
   entire xx century was a ideological battle between the individualism and collectivism this simply does n't have any real meaning , it 's both super vague and also just off , no matter what niall ferguson thinks . 
  i ca n't really parse your post adequately enough to dissect it , do you mind going over your suggestion of the chronology a bit more ? 
  like what is the bit about communism supposed to mean . 
   but he does not insist on measuring politics with a simple left-to-right spectrum , or at least i can not see him claiming so . 
  could you point to the part where he does that ? 
  it 's literally the premise of the article ; `` well , if a left-winger * i 'm * bigoted , then you must just think * everyone * is bigoted ! '', 
  the irony that this is exactly the sort of thing the author is whining about probably escapes you , i imagine . 
  luckily i do n't consider your not barraging me with more stupid opinions to be censorship , because i 'm not a whiney bigot . 
  okay , thanks for that explanation . 
  i had in fact assumed it was more like the us system . 
   then see a real life example well , speaking of lazy assumptions , fuck right off with that sneakily de-humanizing language .
