  and who fucking knows about their religion and social structure . 
  when we do n't have much to study about an ancient civilization like , say , the etruscans , it 's easy to say that they just vanished and left nothing behind . 
  it certainly makes the equation easier . 
  it 's a really dangerous and shaky assumption to make though . 
   the ethnic and cultural makeup of europe should be upheld . 
  what did you expect ? 
  me trying to `` weasle '' myself out of that ? 
  you think i am afraid to say that ? 
  yes europe should be europe usually white supremacists try to hide their beliefs , yeah . 
  of course it 's pretty silly to pretend that immigration to europe will produce homogeneity . 
   peace , friendship between nations without said nations beeing lumped together and fading away , scientific research across borders . 
  these are things that modern day european culture allows . 
  these are not things modern day middle eastern culture allows . 
  probably because modern day european culture has profited off decades of bombing , invading , assassinating and supporting coups across said region . 
  america too , and if you want to ship half your refugees to the us i would be fine with it . 
  the rest though , suck it up . 
  you helped build this mess with your `` peaceful , friendly '' decades of state terrorism . 
   but it will not be imrpoved by importing middle eastern values . 
  i understand that this belief derives from your racist presumptions and wo n't be changed , but you should know that , `` if we welcome refugees fleeing isis for europe they will try to turn europe into isis '' sounds pretty silly objectively . 
  ... the saudis really do give a lot of money to terrorist groups though . 
  that 's not because they 're muslim or arab , it 's because they have a shit autocratic government . 
  i mean there 's a lot of racism in this thread and sub right now , but i do n't think being suspicious of sa 's motives is an example of it . 
  `` worse than is usual , expected , or desirable ; of a low or inferior standard or quality . 
  `` her work was poor '' synonyms : substandard , below par , bad , deficient , defective , faulty , imperfect , inferior ; more antonyms : superior, 
  you are perhaps confusing democracy with dystopian warlord anarcho-capitalism . 
  i think it 's really rich and hilarious actually that you want maximum freedom to determine how your tax dollars are spent , while demanding tight border policing , which is sort of antithetical - at least in theory - to the stated principles of that system though . 
  so i guess just an excuse , really . 
  i also find it amusing that so many of the people claim to want to say `` fuck off '' to wretched war refugees , not caring if they live or die , while claiming that this is also in the name of protecting `` european values '' and sometimes even `` christian values . '', 
  what values , exactly , that do n't include feeding the starving and housing the homeless ? 
   and above all else we should try to help them in ways that are beneficial to us . 
  what a sickening and sociopathic sentiment . 
  this is what capitalist society does to people . 
  literally your thought faced with destitute , starving refugees of war is , `` what 's in it for me ? '', 
   the point is not that they survived untill now . 
  the point is that they left no trace , none , whatsoever . 
  and so they did when they originally settled . 
  they did not influence local culture at all . 
  there are genetic traces of them in southern central europe but at no point did they impact the local culture . 
   the same is true for the vandals , they never influenced northern africa even if they ruled it as a historian i have to wonder what you think you 're basing this assumption on . 
   this does not however mean that preserving europes culture now is a fruitless effort . 
  which is what i was explaining . 
  again this is more weasely words . 
  what do we mean here by `` european culture '' and why is it important to preserve that `` europeaness '' per se ? 
  ( if you wish we can skip to the end as several other posters itt have already done , and you can just admit that you mean `` whiteness '' and/or `` christian-ness . '' ), 
   and id prefer if you would refrain from moralizing my posts . 
  if you 're going to assert that you know what i 'm thinking then i 'm just going to laugh at you for making requests like this . 
   finally . 
  tell me , what does your assumption of cultural change have to do with this question anyway ? 
  `` it 's important to protect ( the current status quo of ) our culture '' is not actually a compelling argument for anyone except strident nationalists and reactionaries . 
   i 'm sure that 's real easy for you to say from the comfort and security of the us . 
  it 's one thing to watch something happen on the other side of the planet , and another to have it happen on your doorstep . 
  the us has a much higher percentage of both legal and illegal immigrants than any european country i 'm aware of . 
   how would you like the us to respond if canada declared free citizenship for any mexican immigrants that could successfully smuggle themselves over the us , only to change their minds when they they were halfway across the country ? 
  and better yet , if canada were then to threaten to cut of trade with the us unless they accepted them all ? 
  i would n't care . 
  i do n't do this thing that 's apparently popular in europe of saying stuff about humanity and empathy and taking care of people to convince myself and others that i 'm a good person , but then just fail to apply it to 90 % of humanity . 
  for the record you probably want to use central america as your analogy here , that 's where the real violence is . 
  mexico 's more equivalent to turkey . 
  in fact we did have a situation where a very large number of refugee children fleeing the drug wars in central america wound up in america about a year and a half ago and there was quite a lot of yelling and political arguments about what to do about it . 
  i at the time also felt that they 're human beings and we should therefore use our resources to help and protect them because i 'm not a sociopath . 
  that is certainly a lot of really big and baseless assumptions about my thought process . 
  i 'm a historian . 
  i 'm aware of cultures that vanished over time . 
  i think the alani example is weird since you could have just said the ostrogoths . 
  in fact no ancient culture is really survived in any meaningful sense . 
  they left differing amounts of influence on successive cultures , although that 's not always as easy to distinguish as one might think ( actually , sometimes it 's essentially impossible ) ; but still , that 's an irrelevant aside to the question of survival of culture . 
  no culture survives . 
  each will vanish over time . 
  most of this is just blather and dumb assumptions about what i think so you can lecture me about an irrelevant aside and not actually addressing the original topic ( justifying anti-refugee stances because `` defending culture , '' a vague and meaningless rationalization . ), 
  again i feel the need to point out that i am specifically responding to someone defending an anti-immigration/refugee position on the grounds of `` defending culture , '' so deconstructing what that actually * means * is pretty relevant . 
  the fact that preserving the status quo is a failed effort to start with is a very good reason to ignore it as a justification per se , even if there are other arguments one could make for avoiding this particular change or embracing that . 
  it is difficult to think of any people who have experienced * more * cultural change over the past few centuries . 
  if you mean , `` some changes are bad , '' well , obviously . 
  especially the ones involving near-extinction , invasion and legalized oppression and theft . 
  some people i suppose will probably want to argue that muslim immigrants threaten that in europe , but that 's mostly because this sub has become super racist and infiltrated by blatant white supremacists . 
  but regardless , none of that justifies behavior that is simply based on the claim of `` defending our culture '' as if it could be preserved in stone . 
  protecting the status quo is not a reasonable justification * per se * . 
  is the theory that the people fleeing isis want to recreate isis in europe ( i guess isie then ? ), 
  and if so , what is that theory based on ? 
  but sure . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with wanting to shape how things change . 
  but i did n't say there was . 
  i am questioning the motives and reasoning of people who say they are anti-immigrant as simply a means to `` defend their culture . '', 
   it 's nit about discrimination , it 's about unity of europe unite the fatherland against the foreign menace ? 
  you missed the boat by a pretty wide margin . 
  it 's not about `` right . '', 
  cultures changing over time is a default and unstoppable process . 
  any given culture exists in the context of its time and as circumstances change and ideas shift , so does the culture . 
  no one can stop that . 
  conservatives and reactionaries are always in truth deeply revisionist , pushing a new agenda of their own that is only * based * on their own , often highly fanciful , imagined idea of the past ( esp . 
  true for nationalists . ), 
  and changes in migrations of peoples is pretty much as old a catalyst for cultural change as any other cause . 
  i mean heck , that 's been going on in europe anyway . 
  on several different fronts . 
  some nationalist and neo-fascist parties might be upset by that , but otherwise complaining about cultural change is little more effective than complaining about the passage of time . 
  okay , i can see i have to be more blunt . 
  cultural change is n't a fucking delicately tendered garden , cultures change constantly , sporadically , sometimes violently ; arising from circumstances unforeseen or unwanted sometimes ; sometimes accompanied by widespread violent or destruction or overturning of previous norms and/or social institutions . 
  sometimes initiated by the ruling class . 
  sometimes by the lower classes . 
  sometimes by outside forces , whether invasion or yes , immigrant populations .
