  i would not argue against the us being forced to take a hefty share of the refugees . 
  that is a very different argument from , `` well , not my problem , fuck 'em '' though . 
  if you want to argue for making the us take like half of the refugees , i would n't argue against that . 
  what i will argue against is this `` not my problem '' disregard for war refugees , because they are human beings . 
  it 's a very different thing to argue against the us , a powerful nation that caused the problem , than it is to argue against the refugees themselves , who are powerless victims . 
  people in first world countries that have gotten rich off centuries of exploitation and abuse around the world never seem to want to take any form of collective responsibility or have their nations do anything to repair that damage , using the same logic you cite ; yet they have no problem inheriting the benefits of that exploitation . 
  you likewise did nothing to position your country near the front of global pre-eminence . 
  yet you enjoy the fruit of such actions to a large degree . 
  and may even , like liberal/socialist reformers across the first world , think it 's unfair that you do n't share to a larger degree . 
  and basically every eastern european country supported it . 
  same group opposing welcoming refugees now . 
  war refugees are definitely responsible for r/europe 's super racism . 
  i mean not actually wrong , but , you know . 
   4 countries , romania , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary have voted against mandatory quotas . 
  not 27 . 
  all of whom , by contrast , supported the war in iraq . 
  so they 're willing to help bake the bread but they do n't want to eat their shitty bread . 
  who were the ones who bombed the shit out of iraq , killed hundreds of thousands of people and created the vacuum that created isis again ? 
  there 's a lot of nastiness going on in syria and i expect a lot of it to spillover into the refugee crowd . 
  it 's pretty silly to expect war refugees to be all daisies and rainbows , and pretty obscene to reject aiding them on the basis that they 're not . 
  but it 's especially obscene that westerners seem to constantly want to judge foreigners on a basis that ignores what their own culture * actually * is . 
  i forget where i read this quote , but i remember reading an account of a holocaust survivor talking about his early days in berlin . 
  the quote was to the effect that one of his friends and classmates in college was an avid nazi , and kept trying to persuade him to join the party , and he said , `` look , i ca n't join , i 'm a jew . '', 
  and his friend insisted , `` well , of course we do n't mean * you * !, 
  good fellows like you will always have a place in the new germany . '', 
  or as himmler complained in a speech at posen - `` and then they all come along , the eighty million good germans , and each one has his decent jew . 
  of course the others are swine , but this one is a first-class jew . '', 
  the point is : you may technically be correct . 
  but what people mean when they support hate is not necessarily what winds up translated into policy . 
  and i have to say that i wish people who oppose welcoming refugees would make their own stance on religion clear , just because the implication always feels like it 's supposed to be , as opposed to christian ; yet nothing could be * less * christian or out of step with the tenets of christianity than this open hostility to people in dire need . 
  je suis something something sacred right of free speech something something rationalization . 
  i 'm examining definitions , because doing so reveals the emptiness of your assertion . 
  the us should take a good size chunk of the refugees , i agree . 
  the money part is the help . 
  the rest is turkey wanting concessions in exchange for taking the lead in fixing europe 's current refugee problem . 
  so , assuming for the moment that all the syrian refugees can and in fact do want to go back - which is not an assertion you 've really supported in anyway - do you also expect them to pay for all this mine removal , reconstruction etc. ? 
  and if so how does that change the moral position you 're arguing here , where it 's always someone else 's fault/responsibility/etc . 
  you 're going to have to cite your numbers here . 
  both the figures for eu refugees and the supposedly much lower figures for turkish spending . 
  i am going to also echo the demand for proof of `` millions and millions , '' and i doubt very sincerely that having granted refugees asylum , eu states would be endlessly obliged to treat them exactly as citizens forever . 
  not that i would care if that were true i just really doubt that that 's the actual legal situation . 
  also i love the petty passive-aggressive dig of calling it `` eastern asia minor '' and the part where you just assume turkey has been depending on foreign money to deal with the refugee crisis all this time ( it has n't . ), 
  well one difference that will tend to lead to violence for example is a belief that differences imply inferiority , create division , and should be eliminated . 
   every multicultural nation has descended into civil war this is a nonsensical assertion . 
  1 ) every state has been multicultural historically ; it is very recent that there is even the * attempt * to homogenize culture within a state . 
  if you mean by `` nation , '' ethnic tribe , well , that 's just contradictory . 
  2 ) civil war is pretty common throughout human history , esp . 
  since `` civil war '' can always just mean , `` attempt by one group/entity to resist or throw off rule by another that claims rightful ownership over it . '', 
  the thing is that no national boundaries are going to mirror historic cultural distributions , because those are interspersed . 
  that 's why there were german communities everywhere for the nazis to claim protectorship over , remember ? 
  the problem is n't creating ethnically homogenous nation-states but then you muck up the borders ; the problem is trying to make ethnically homogenous nation-states in the first place . 
  it was only accomplished , to the extent it * was * accomplished , in europe by much bloodshed and war ; the same will inevitably be true in other parts of the world . 
  it 's not the diversity that causes war , it 's the attempts to purge diversity . 
  to that effect diversity is a necessary precondition for ethnic violence but not its root cause . 
  i love the levels of egocentrism and rationalization that go on in this sub . 
  everyone here 's been flipping their shit for months over having to deal with a fraction of the refugee and spillover violence problems that turkey 's been dealing with for years , despite it being a much poorer country than western europe and even poorer than most eastern european countries ; and now they 're saying , `` we can deal with the problem , but we need help '' and you 're griping that they wo n't / ca n't just do it entirely by themselves . 
  it 's pretty disgusting that people like you have the nerve to be morally indignant about anything , actually . 
  you know we have our own immigration issues that people routinely freak out about , yeah ? 
  like it does not matter where people are from , if you have a large immigration wave people will complain and vent . 
  we had people wringing their hands and fretting not long ago about letting kids - fucking kids ! - in , fleeing drug-fueled violence in central america , because they were scared of ebola or something . 
  if you want to push to have the us take some of the refugees though i would be fine with it personally , though . 
  no , this is very wrong ; it is intolerance that can not be tolerated . 
  indeed , if we do not tolerate the intolerant , then there is really [ nothing we are tolerating in the first place , ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything-except-the-outgroup/ ) except in the weakest and most pitifully self-congratulatory sense . 
  more specifically ; no one is saying you ca n't stand up and say something if you see a muslim person , say , harassing a woman for wearing revealing clothing , or a gay couple for kissing in public , or saying something anti-semitic . 
  you can and should do something about these bad behaviors , regardless of who they come from . 
  but that is not what you are implying . 
  you are implying that we can not tolerate such a person 's * existence . 
  * but why should n't they exist ? 
  or , put it another way , if you concede , as you seem to at least want to indicate you would , that one should let war refugees find refuge , but under certain conditions which this group presumably fails to meet , then we have to ask what those conditions are . 
  if your condition is that people fleeing a country wracked by a century of civil war and authoritarianism - caused , in no small part , it should be pointed out , by european and american interference - be marked with peaceful , law-abiding , and enlightened , educated , tolerant attitudes , etc. , then your condition is a fantasy and an excuse , and the simple case is that you do not think war refugees ought to be welcomed anywhere . 
  because there are no perfect victims , much less in as horrific a situation as the syrian civil war and the conquests of isis , featuring mass rape , executions , enslavement , beheadings , genocidal massacres etc. , etc. . and this on the heels of thirty years of direct brutal authoritarian dictatorship . 
  what exactly do you * expect * from the victims of such a situation ? 
  to have intuitively learned , contrary to all personal experience , the principles of love , tolerance and rationality that i assume you think embodies european culture somehow ? 
  i do n't want you to read that entire article if you do n't want to btw , i am mostly linking to it for the illustrative first example since that 's basically just what 's at play here . 
  you are saying that you ca n't tolerate a group of people existing with you , specifically because you ( reasonably ) expect some behaviors from this group of people , generally , that would in some ways hurt you . 
  that is to say , * you are not actually willing to tolerate anyone . 
  * because that 's what tolerance * is * . 
  putting up with and ignoring things that you find hurtful and distressing . 
  i find it pretty amazing that people do n't realize the irony in this kind of sentiment . 
  and when regimes agree to step down peacefully , then violence is n't necessary . 
  when that does n't happen revolutionaries will be forced to use violence against the state , and be labeled `` terrorist '' or not by westerners based entirely on personal support or lack thereof . 
  it 's a pretty grotesque attitude that you would think refugee communities would have * less * crime and propensity for violence than a population that has n't been exposed to the severe horrors of war . 
  trauma makes people worse , not better . 
  not just in the short term but long term . 
  that kind of suffering and abuse has long term ramifications , and it does n't build character . 
  that 's the myth of the magical , perfect super-victim people tell themselves to rationalize the world and justify doing nothing . 
  the reason you should want to help refugees is n't that you expect refugees to all be perfect model citizens that have doctorates and boost your economy . 
  if that were the case , why would n't you ? 
  then it 's just self-interest . 
  you should want to do something to help the victims of suffering not because you see some immediate profit in it for yourself , but out of compassion and basic human empathy . 
  a woman was standing in queue at the grocery store when 795 muslim children cut in front of her ... 
  893 * fucking children * did not say , `` i do not want to go to school because the welfare system is underfunded in this country . '', 
  they may have said , `` i do not want to go to school because school is lame . '', 
  not this though . 
  ffs this sub is so fucking racist you 're imagining these glurg awful grandma-email dialogues onto fucking school-age children now . 
  you can have every fact in existence and 100 % logically understand the relationship between everything , but without values and preferences ( which are intrinsically somewhat arbitrary , ) there 's no sense in which you can say that one thing is `` better '' than another , not even that say , an ice cream sundae is better than a shotgun blast to the face . 
  then do n't jump into a conversation about recognizing the country 's existence like you do n't ? 
  i mean do n't take stances you do n't have apparently , genius . 
  man , the random balkan brigades in here are pretty silly . 
  what the ever living fuck does alexander the great have to do with recognizing macedonia 's existence ?
