  * i * assume `` something something sjws '' is right around the corner next . 
  the author - and you , presumably , since you seem so sympathetic with the viewpoint - is so , so desperately eager for any narrative that alleviates him of responsibility for horrible , bigoted opinions . 
  it 's `` assumption creep , '' it 's these real-life-examples like me who are just * irrational * , who hate `` debate . '', 
  you know what it is ?!, 
  it 's silencing free speech - that 's right !, 
  calling someone 's comments racist is silencing their right to speak freely . 
  we 'd better put a stop to people calling other peoples ' comments bigoted or we 'll have no free speech left !, 
  it 's a bunch of fucking whiney excuses and sobbing because people see through hedged comments like , `` i am not sure gender is entirely constructed , '' `` i 'm not sure if the gender wage gap is quite as large , '' `` i 'm wary of even moderate muslims , '' and translate them to the ill-disguised bigoted views they represent . 
  bigoted views are bigoted no matter how much you oppose nuclear armament . 
  and while we 're at it by the way , that entire line of reasoning is , besides being inanely stupid , sickening in its hypocrisy . 
  so the author is convinced that bigotry is n't really bigotry , or that it 's oppression to say so . 
  fine . 
  why does that only apply to `` lefties '' like him ? 
  if he thinks accusing such a sterling `` leftie '' like himself of bigotry is wrong , then he must think that accusing a conservative right-winger of bigotry is fine , even if it 's on the very same grounds . 
  but of course this is gross hypocrisy and other political views have no bearing on whether you 're a transphobe etc. . 
  while i appreciate the data , i think the question was about illegal immigrants , not those who had followed through on the paperwork etc. . 
  do they ? 
  not a rhetorical question . 
  do you have some evidence on that ? 
  `` i vote for welfare expansion and against wars , but people call me racist homophobe just because i say racist homophobic things . 
  what a crazy world we live in ! '', 
  [ greece has higher rates of tax compliance than spain or portugal , for one thing . 
  ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/overall-ranking-and-data-tables.jhtml ) also uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh you 're going to have to define coming back `` so well . '', 
  spanish youth unemployment for instance is still over 50 % . 
  ( i 'm a little surprised the ireland does seem to be listed as having a high tax compliance rate , since this is n't what i 'd heard from people that live there , but may be . ), 
  no , the price of a good is only established when someone accepts an offer for it . 
  is there any reason greece should accept getting fucked over ? 
  have they recognized the genocide committed by the british in ireland during the potato blight of 1845-1852 ? 
  ethnic cleansing was the logic behind the displacement of the tatars or black sea germans after wwii so yah i mean it would probably be easier to accept that the armenian genocide was a genocide if we called all the things that are genocides genocides , but this is just a case where it 's been politicized and the politics of calling it a genocide fit with the politics of / r/europe so everyone can act brave . 
  pretty sure the intent was actually to ethnically cleanse the area , i.e. , kill and terrorize the armenians enough to make the remainder flee , but that 's also considered an act of genocide i think . 
  this is n't even a coherent thought, 
  i kind of want to ask why you think your response is an argument for something but also the prospect scares and depresses me . 
  i 'm not saying the kid was justified in stabbing someone to death . 
  i am saying that this is not what it was being portrayed as . 
  maybe you 're lost . 
  here was the initial description :  what 's happening to europe ? 
  in sweden , a teen was stabbed and killed by his fellow classmate for trying to protect his female classmate from sexual assault and possibly rape . 
  + contextual indications that it 's just not getting enough attention because of political correctness and the epidemic of brown violence etc. 
  that 's pretty much par for the course on this sub . 
  however , the actual case was apparently , with video evidence , a kid stabbing his tormentor after being bullied . 
  now maybe the kid was shitty first to someone else , and the bully thought he was doing the right thing ? 
  that 's still horseshit though . 
  nor can we honestly be surprised that no one found a story about a victim of bullying stabbing his attacker super strange or impossible to understand . 
  people are dishonestly spinning this story to further their racist-ass narrative . 
  which is of course , unshockingly , a great way to gather karma in this sub . 
  we do n't . 
  the kid claims it was apparently but maybe he and his family are lying i guess . 
  possible . 
  it 's still not what racist assholes were claiming to justify their narrative . 
  why did you say you kinda agree and then dumb bullshit that does n't actually agree with anything i said . 
  thank you for educating me about your made up bullshit , online shithead that claims to really be just trying to defend true feminism to cover up their really obvious misogyny . 
  i see * enormous * amounts of energy and attention being paid to the issue of rape within feminist and sj communities . 
  way more than anyone gives a shit about video games . 
  whether or not it gets the same amplification from popular news sites is a different question but hardly the fault of feminists . 
  lots of women are n't feminists ? 
  i still do n't understand why you think this complaint adds up . 
  i am pretty active in sj/feminist type circles and i see a lot of action and attention paid to domestic violence . 
  it is true that sometimes people also talk about other things , and do n't want feminism used as a cover to justify racism , so i guess if those are your two main points then , okay , conceded . 
  ( if your specific complaint is about the use of the term `` rape culture , '' by definition rape culture is talking about a dominant culture . 
  it does n't matter how many problems of misogyny a small migrant community have , if they 're not the dominant culture , but instead marginalized , then they ca n't be responsible for a problem of `` rape culture '' within x country . 
  that does n't mean that there 's no issue to address , it 's just that it 's an issue within a specific and distinct sub-group and not a general society-wide issue . ), 
  that 's fine , but `` bullied kid snaps and kills his tormentor '' is a much different story than the narrative of `` brown kids stab people because they 're all criminals '' that was being pushed . 
  if someone almost a foot taller than me backed me against a wall , slapped me , and then chased me down , i would tend to consider that assault . 
  i do n't know what `` harassment '' he was responding to or whether it was actual harassment , just flirting , or whatever ; obviously the father of the dead kid wants to make it look like his son was n't just being a bully . 
  but that 's what this is . 
  it 's bullying . 
  there are other avenues to deal with inappropriate sexual conduct if and when it occurs . 
  clearly people who make the choice not to be omnipresent must not really care about the things they say they care about , that 's a really good and not insane point you just made . 
  this is / r/europe , of course not . 
   the swedish press writes that arminas assaulted [ the arab student ] . 
  but that is not the case , according to an interview with father in the lithuanian newspaper lrytas . 
  there 's actual video of him slapping the kid and then chasing him down the hall . 
  this is horseshit . 
  the article you linked to and the video it contains looks a lot like a bully harassing and physically attacking a smaller classmate , who finally snapped and stabbed his harasser . 
  it seems weird that you 're holding feminists to task for not really caring about rape , based on a totally made up assumption that the teacher who ignored this was a feminist . 
  on the other hand i can see the convenience of this tactic . 
  like instead of having to criticize the people you do n't like for the things they do , you can just attribute any bad actions you see to them and then complain about that . 
  it saves so much time and just streamlines the whole process . 
  pretty genius really . 
  holy shit , what is wrong with you people ? 
  do you really not understand that the argument , `` people should be judged on the morals of their times '' - even * if * we just accept it wholly and without caveat , which most historians * do n't * - but that it still requires you to * fucking know anything about the fucking morals of their times ? 
  * or are you just a lazy fucking hack using this as short-hand for , `` i do n't like to criticize people in the past i like and do n't think others should either . '', 
  like the founding fathers are a perfect example because * the fact that fucking slavery was a great evil was widely discussed among them . 
  * writers like thomas jefferson and patrick henry * understood * the contradiction between their professed liberty ideal and the fact that they held slaves . 
  there were widespread efforts at manumission at the time , during life or in peoples ' wills . 
  some , like jefferson , did n't free their slaves at all but still wrestled with it in private and felt the guilty/hypocrisy involved . 
  they were frequently the target of criticism and insult based on their slave holding . 
  like this was the period where slavery became illegal in the north because there was great sentiment against it . 
  a later generation of southern slave-holders , in order to counter-act these effects , developed a more radically racialized theory of humanity justifying slavery - calhoun famously wrote that their ( the south 's ) ancestors ( i.e. 
  the founding generation ) had `` mistakenly viewed slavery as a `` necessary evil , '' but :  but i take higher ground . 
  i hold that in the present state of civilization , where two races of different origin , and distinguished by color , and other physical differences , as well as intellectual , are brought together , the relation now existing in the slaveholding states between the two , is , instead of an evil , a good -- a positive good . 
   some abhorrent views , yet in their time they would have been quite progressive , which is what counts . 
  rhodes and imperialism had innumerable critics at the time . 
  mark twain 's famous quip about rhodes was , `` i admit that i admire him greatly , and when the time comes , i should like to buy a piece of the rope to remember him by . '', 
  so you do n't think the british should criticize the legacy of imperialism at all , since they benefit from it ? 
  should americans criticize slavery and the american-indian genocide ? 
  should white south africans criticize the legacy of apartheid ? 
   people are n't black and white . 
  holding nationalistic views during the height of worldwide imperialism and nationalism makes him a man of his time , not an unusually heinous villain . 
  agreed .
