  stopping a civil war promptly means an invasion . 
  jfc , why is invasion the only thing you can think of to help the refugees ? 
  you 're kind of skipping the more obvious step of * helping the fucking refugees . 
  *  of course , i ca n't speak as to what opinions were formed , but unless the eu issued a statement otherwise , it 's pretty hard to claim that the eu needs to do this . 
  the us and europe constantly make claims about being civilized , bastions of moral stewardship etc. . 
  they certainly act like it , routinely using force and military and economic might to bully or invade other countries in the name of moral authority - at least in cases where it suits their other economic interests . 
  i mean granted you have a point that no one who pays attention should be taking those claims of moral stewardship seriously . 
   and germany , in turn , probably does n't really want to have the population of syria transferred to germany . 
  irrelevant since no one 's talking about that . 
   because it would mean having to live in a poorer country ? 
  if so , the `` hope '' is n't one of safety from war , as described above , but in making an economic migration . 
  what kind of life do you imagine is involved in living in a fenced and bordered off refugee camp ? 
  it 's not , `` living in a poorer country , '' it 's living in a fucking refugee camp genius . 
  with no economic opportunity , no real services , no basic anything , no freedom of movement . 
  why do people think it 's so cool to act like a fucking soulless sociopath ? 
  indeed . 
  one might as well say , `` the field-slave flees from the fields to the house , because house-slavery is the best social system known . '', 
  no , it 's because everyone knows that when you 're a slave already , it 's better to be in the house than the field . 
  this does n't justify the system , of which both are merely components . 
  `` fundamentally the same empire throughout history '' like this article just gets dumber the more you look at it . 
  ( maybe the op is just posting this as an interest piece , but if so they ought to say so and maybe link what it 's even supposed to be a map of , which is bad pseudo-history . ), 
  you might be thinking the same thing i was when i looked at this , which is , `` what the shit is this shit with bosnia cut in half but the croatian guy posted it so the border of this dumb new definition of europe going just far enough to include croatia is n't surprising i guess . '', 
  it turns out that it 's way dumber than you could possibly have anticipated . 
  tracing it back from wiki , the english article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermediate_region  the intermediate region is an established geopolitical model set forth in the 1970s by the greek historian dimitri kitsikis , professor at the university of ottawa in canada . 
  [ 1 ] according to this model , the eurasian continent is composed of three regions ; in addition to western europe and the far east , a third region called the `` intermediate region '' found between the two constitutes a distinct civilization . 
  it roughly covers eastern europe and the middle east and north africa ...  in conclusion , `` due to historical events spanning thousands of years , the eurasian continent , of which europe is but one of its peninsulas , comprises three civilisational areas : a ) the west , which today includes north america , australia and new zealand , as well as western europe ; b ) the east or `` far east '' , which includes the peninsulas of india , southeast asia ( with indonesia ) and china ( with korea and japan ) ; c ) the intermediate region , which is found both in the east and the west . '' [ 2 ] which is , needless to say , amazingly dumb cultural-nationalist cold war era propaganda without basis in anything that could be regarded today as serious academic thought . 
  racist hysteria in / r/europe ? 
  to the front page with you !, 
  clearly anyone not just taking the opportunity to bash immigrants is an ultra-leftist . 
  i notice most of the most xenophobic comments in this sub are coming from eastern europeans/former warsaw pact countries , which is pretty ironic considering y' all have been exporting millions of young unemployed to the richer european countries for decades . 
   they dont care though . 
  free food . 
  free tv . 
  i like that no matter what the actual circumstances , all nativists everywhere always say the exact same thing about immigrants . 
  are you arab or palestinian ? 
  discrimination where there is a separate legal/economic/social status for the inferior and superior racial caste can reasonably be called `` apartheid , '' yes . 
  most palestinians living under israeli control do n't have israeli citizenship . 
  those that do encounter constant discrimination in employment , housing , law enforcement etc. . have you tried educating yourself on this ? 
  like actually listened to or read palestinian-israelis and arab-israelis talking about the problems they deal with ? 
  have you considered taking your own advice ? 
  ... like , if 20 % of comments in a thread are spouting racist nonsense , i tend to find that a lot . 
  like that is a high percentage . 
  what did they do ? 
  i am not talking about any one particular barrier but the net situation in israel as it regards arabs and palestinians , who are effectively living under an apartheid system of oppression . 
  there 's fences at parts of the border , but most of it is unwalled and unmanned , yes . 
  it 's a really long border . 
  always surprised how much open racism there is in this sub . 
   seems to me israel has done a fine job of keeping people out . 
  as an american familiar with american history it would never occur to me to argue that you ca n't build a racial apartheid state . 
  you should doubt it , since we do n't have a fence . 
  i know that absolutely no state in the us would be allowed to secede , but probably if the people of say , texas started going around shooting and bombing people , the people on / r/europe and places would n't be talking about how they were oppressed heroes . 
  maybe there 's an argument but the normal tolerance for violent political action in the west is basically nil . 
  while technically true , it does not take a genius to compare the general stances of posters on / r/europe and find that the motivations for thinking this terrorism justified are pretty shallow and mostly just involve a dislike of turkey . 
  someone up thread was complaining that the kurds are a persecuted minority in turkey . 
  that 's true , they are . 
  and muslims are a persecuted minority in france . 
  but no one on this sub was defending the charlie hebdo shooters . 
  i 'm sure you would say the same thing if a bunch of walloon separatists were shooting up and bombing flems . 
   why is it a bad example ? 
  the rich sharing their wealth with the people who got them that wealth is a bad thing ? 
  [ it would ruin everything . 
  yeah there 's lots of rich everyone , that 's how capitalism works . 
  and they 're the ones being serviced by austerity while the poor get fucked over . 
  i mean there 's no physical reason for it not to happen , it wo n't happen only because of german ideology . 
  that plan does n't really work if all your trading partners are * also * in a recession . 
   without reforms , no matter how much stimulus you pour into a sick economy , grow won \u00b4 t happen this does n't mean anything . 
  it 's pure air . 
  western liberal-capitalism exports enormous amounts of suffering and exploitation around the world though , from sweat shops to wars , proxy wars , bombings , embargoes , pollution and environmental degradation , coups , massive debt used to justify more coups and interventions , and so on , and that just assuming we leave it as good enough to live as a poor person in the industrialized west ( although it 's surely better in than out . ), 
   i know enough to know that the only case in which this theory accurately describes the society is when everyone closely tries to follow it . 
  it 's the equivalent of creationism in social sciences . 
  funnily enough , the basic premises of communist social behavior most closely resemble primitivism - the actual form of `` government '' for which human beings * actually * evolved and which has the most to do with anything actually like `` human nature . '', 
  socially , the ideals of communism are much the same as political primitivism ( to the extent that they 're even sometimes lumped together ) with one major distinction - communism embraces this mode of life re-imagined with far more advanced technology . 
  people are not naturally , inevitably selfish , lazy , antisocial and so on , but rather are group oriented , want to accomplish things , care about others and personal relationships and so on . 
  in fact one of the core problems of capitalism - and really the big reason i turned away from liberalism - is that meritocratic ideals fail in large part not because people are selfish , but because people are altruistic , albeit in a limited sense ; cronyism , nepotism , corruption , these are all negative terms , but in a lot of senses they actually describe social , other-oriented behavior ; rather than hire the person that 's best for the job at your firm , who would help * you * the most , you hire your cousin or your old college roommate and so on . 
  rather than award a contract to the best choice that will make you look better , you give it to a buddy you go golfing with to help him along . 
   no , it was seen as a step on the eternal way to the ever elusive `` communism '' . 
  very convenient , as this way communism is never to blame , they just tried to achieve it the wrong way . 
  like dude , bash the marxist-leninists all you want , but i just explained the methodology and reasoning ; the results actually are n't that damaging to the theory if your goal is strictly to accelerate capitalism ( it 's going pretty fucking well for the chinese !, 
  ) ; and it 's just obvious you 're just regurgitating what you already believed here and have n't thought about it at all . 
   czechoslovakia was a developed and industrialized country before the soviet occupation . 
  so was east germany . 
  i 'm glad those industrial bases were n't destroyed by war . 
  and jesus , you know the nazis intentionally targeted the czech intelligentsia right ? 
  anyway , neither of those areas operated as de facto independent but as part of the soviet system . 
  which speaking of :  rapid growth ? 
  during the communist governance all those countries experienced a prolonged period of stagnation . 
  yes ... from the 70s onwards . 
  before that , the soviet bloc had growth rates , in cia estimates , of upwards of 5 % for decades . 
  the 70s is also when western economies began to stagnate in general . 
  not as severely , exactly , but like , american median household income has n't grown in forty years . 
  * average * growth is a little better than that but still well below the early post-war period 's levels . 
  because it is in fact / r/europe and if i said something mitigating about turkey and did n't say , `` i 'll be downvoted for this , but ... '' first i would in fact have been downvoted . 
  and i do n't care very much about karma but i do n't want my account on the sub to get negative or i 'll have to wait ten minutes between posts . 
  i had to do that after daring to defend macedonia 's right to call itself whatever it wants against a bunch of angry greek and bulgarian assholes a while back and it took ages to get out of the hole . 
  so while , fair enough to your complaint , i do not apologize for the shameless tactic . 
  i 'm skipping the first two bullets because it 's mainly you thinking you 're being clever while not . 
   no , my idea of communism is `` every time it was taken out from ivory towers of communist thinkers to the real life '' . 
  not a bad ( though still , i would never want to live in such society ) idea in theory , absolutely disastrous in practice . 
  see , statements like this indicate that you do n't actually know anything about communist theory . 
  the ussr was never communist in governance .
