  sigh . 
  go read the fucking link i gave you . 
  i could just talk about the shit columbus , whom america 's capital is named after , and we 'd have more than enough to go on . 
   again , naming a major city after the second worst murderer and tyrant in the whole history you are knee deep in the propaganda . 
  stalin is nowhere close to # 2 , he probably does n't crack top 20 . 
  americans and western liberal academics have just been pumping and inflating numbers for decades , making it up to eleventy kajillion dead under stalin . 
  the best estimates put the toll around 3.5 million - mass murder , yes , but comparable to lots of shit that went on under colonial western powers well into the 20th century . 
  check out the [ bengal famine of 1943 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bengal_famine_of_1943 ) under churchill for instance . 
   you do not sweep atrocities under the rug ? 
  i do n't see you mentioning i 'm going to stop you right there . 
  no one has defended stalin . 
  you have defended columbus , washington , all the american slave holders and genocidaires of native americans , mitigating their actions while not naming or taking accountability for anything . 
   comrade you 're no comrade of mine . 
   seems to me that you are neglecting one major aspect of being a historian : neutrality . 
  only nitwits think historical neutrality is a thing . 
   your defense of stalin is evidence that you are horribly undereducated when it comes to history . 
  i 'm a history major , ding-dong . 
  and please point out where i defended stalin . 
  unlike you , i do n't sweep atrocities under the rug . 
   when it comes to debating . 
  if you think running around and `` debating '' people on the internet is your road to the truth , you 're in for a long and unhappy road . 
  i do n't want to debate what columbus did . 
  i want you to go [ fucking educate yourself . 
  ] ( http://www.mit.edu/~thistle/v9/9.11/1columbus.html ) . 
  man , reading through your posting history is depressing . 
  this is n't even a troll is it , you really believe this shit . 
  no , i 'm not defending stalin . 
  i 'm pointing out that you and other americans accept and defend the atrocities of others for ideological motives , even while seeking to assert a moral high ground and suddenly care about mass murder when it 's convenient . 
  y' know , like you just did , when you white-washed away slavery , native american genocide , etc. , in order to focus on your ideological hatred of stalin because * that * mass murderer was a communist . 
   even if i ignore your dinky attempt at whataboutism please , by all means , draw attention to the fact that i am calling americans out on hypocrisy . 
   comrade you 're not my comrade . 
   columbus lived 5 centuries ago so did bartolome de las casas . 
   stalin , the ally of hitler they were never allies , they had a peace agreement . 
  they just had one longer than churchill . 
   suck it recreationally , recreational . 
  in ... in your head , was this like a drop the mic moment ? 
  i mean fuck , people give churchill credit and he did less than stalin . 
  and he was responsible for his own genocides , bengal for instance . 
  and for all that stalin gets shit for being an autocrat , which he should , he also industrialized russia . 
  people like to act as if he single-handedly ruined an otherwise prosperous country , when the reverse , despite all the purges of the party , is closer to the truth . 
  russia in wwi was an absolute wretched joke , a handicap , a liability . 
  it 's fair to say that in the first world war , russia was a greater help to the central powers than to the entente . 
  in a scant 20 + years , most of them under stalin 's leadership , that completely changed . 
  it 's fair to say that the soviet union did the lion 's share of the work in defeating the axis , certainly the nazis . 
  how many places in the us are named for slave owners , for confederates who fought to protect slavery , for generals or militiamen who slaughtered american indians ? 
  i mean the capital of the united states if washington , d.c. ; washington , a slave owner , and the district of columbia - named after christopher columbus , a notorious slaver , child rapist , and genocidaire . 
  that 's not true in any but the most banally semantic sense , germany suffered enormously under the entente embargo during wwi . 
  on top of its huge manpower losses and crippling post-war debt . 
  yeah , i read more about it after that comment and agree that the authorities were right to act . 
  still , yeah , these comments do seem mostly really bigoted . 
  as i said elsewhere it 's like if i complained about austrians and their culture of locking children in a basement and raping them for thirty years . 
  or hell , americans and their culture of shooting up schools and movie theaters . 
  that people get away with this stuff or keep doing it might point to problems in a culture but it 's a lot more nuanced than those damn gyppos always running around and sex-slaving blonde kids , which is what seems like everyone itt is saying . 
  holy shit , it 's one story , what the fuck is wrong with europeans . 
  should i assume that by the same logic , austrians should n't be allowed to have basements , because they 'll keep kids down there and rape them for thirty years ? 
  because that 's all i 'm hearing from the racist d-bags in this thread . 
  `` this one roma couple were involved in kidnapping a white kid !, 
  all that blood libel stuff is true ! '', 
   how is what i said racist ? 
  they 're gypsies , so they 're clearly planning to sell her into sex slavery ? 
  the fuck , seriously , how is that racist ? 
   also how is what you said not racist ? 
  it is , that was the point . 
  we could trash greeks all day for shit if we 're just going to generalize groups here . 
  greeks in glass horses should n't throw rocks etc. . 
   big man on the interwebz yeah that 's what they call it when you react negatively to blatant racism . 
  well that 's racist as fuck , but i see you 're greek and i guess what do i expect from the lazy hillbillies of europe ? 
   they have probably saved this young girls life . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  that does n't mean she was kidnapped . 
  what if she was an abandoned kid ? 
  i mean this is the only family she 's ever known . 
  i do n't know what the fuck dubhlinncity is talking about saving her life , they pretty clearly did n't want to hurt the girl ; they were treating her as their daughter for fuck 's sake . 
  lots of racist-ass assumptions up in this thread . 
  what you said :  i 'm sure the guy whom they took the land from agrees that its an utopia . 
  so , no , you did n't . 
  you asked us to feel really bad that some rich guy is less rich even if thousands are happy as a result . 
  it is a pity that the tendency to empathy seems inversely proportionate to the need for it . 
  i notice that your post did n't ask for respect for the law above else , but immediately sought compassion for the powerful . 
  compassion and sympathy aimed solely at the powerful rings somewhat hollow . 
  yeah , i 'm sorry but you do n't get to say you want to keep europe white and then complain that you 're being called a racist and how it 's all personal insults now . 
  i am calling you a racist as a description of material fact and your own testimony . 
  and yeah your example was different than mine ? 
  that 's why they 're called examples ? 
  you 're just being deliberately obtuse here . 
  it 's because cultural roots are so hard to trace that it 's dumb to act like x or y culture completely disappeared in a migration wave . 
  that 's just not really how things work . 
  gaulish culture did n't `` disappear '' it just changed over time to become french culture . 
  and yeah , it involved a lot of migrant waves making that happen . 
  boo hoo about it . 
  also yeah it took me a few days because i got other shit going on that 's more important than wasting my time on racists . 
   the magyars actually spread their cultures to the local slavs which is the reason their language survived . 
  the alani did not and vanished . 
  pretty straightforward actually . 
  except that it 's not . 
  there 's more to culture than language . 
  you know how difficult it is to actually trace cultural remnants of ancient civilizations , right ? 
  example : for a long time it 's been common to call irish , scottish gaelic , welsh , breton , manx , galician etc. , the surviving ( at least in fragments , in the case of galician ) languages of celtic tribes as , well , celtic languages , since so much of their material lifestyle was influenced and changed to match the celtic culture that we see emerging in the archaeological record out of central europe about the middle of the last millenium bce . 
  the assumption was that the cultures that we find evidence of before that point just `` vanished '' in the atlantic seaboard region . 
  however , recent linguistic research actually suggests that those are in fact descendant languages of a common trading tongue used across the atlantic seabord * before * the celtic `` invasion '' of gaul etc. , so that what the celtic culture actually changed was much of the physical components of craftsmanship - the way people dressed , design patterns , metalworking styles etc. - but with the original language intact .
