that seems to be the most obvious solution . 
  this whole situation is a huge cluster fuck with no visible end to it all . 
  something has to be done about it , if it means fencing of entire europe so be it . 
  as long as refugees are safe and can apply for asylum in asylum centers there should be no problem . 
  europe should fund camps instead of taking waves of refugees , providing people with supplies and education seems way more rational than letting them all in , but that 's just my 2 cents . 
  well about that : http://www.24sata.hr/svijet/bih-ako-ue-vise-od-5000-izbjeglica-zatvaramo-granicu-437987 basically bosnian minister of defense said they 'll close of the border if more than 5k immigrants enter the country . 
  how will they do it , or will they be able to do it i do n't know , but there 's that, 
  somebody already mentioned it but there are bears , mines and well . . just the clusterfuck that bosnia is , also a very long part of our border with bosnia consists of river sava and mountains . 
  translation : same option is mentioned in serbia as well . 
  according to news paper `` vecernje novosti '' , which are in close relationship with government of aleksandar vucic , problem will continue if croatia moves on to the next option , the so called `` plan d '' , which would imply raising a wall facing serbia, 
  if you 're a native or a foreigner with enough money then sure , you could lead a life like that , but as a refugee i do n't think you have a chance to move out of camps, 
  except there wo n't be 100k , once word starts spreading that slovenia and hungary closed its border they 'll turn to alternative routes . 
  the ones already here have 4 weeks to apply for asylum or they 're btfoing out . 
  i see this whole crisis as a great marketing , more people hear of croatia --  more people google croatia --  more people see our coastline --  more monies . 
  haha serb talking , get lost, 
  something something never forget 700k something something croats biggest monsters world has ever met, 
  yes, 
  would n't adding the - uh ( prijatelju ? ), 
  transform the word in dative/locative/vocative case ? 
  the nominative case does n't have the suffix - uh at the end, 
  `` pree - german ja - te ( like in tennis ) - ll ( english `` million '' but soft ) '', 
  bravo estonia, 
  realized it few minutes later after i posted the comment , felt stupid but would feel even more stupid deleting or editing the comment . 
  it 's hard to tell sarcasm on the internet sometimes  . , 
  definitely slovenia . 
  it 's comfy , i like mountains and colder weather , it neighbors my homeland , the language is similar , developed and safe nation ( one of the safest in the world ) with beautiful scenery and cities . 
  alternatively finland for memes , language , more cold , m\u00e4mmi and kiira, 
  modern day macedonians are slavs , not greeks . 
  1667 best day of my life, 
  that 's true , we 're all neo-nazis here , or should i say the * true * nazis , the heirs of ndh . 
  the hate towards jews and serbs is encouraged by our church and politicians , after all our prime minister is a declared ustasha . 
  and to top it all off 99 % of croats are in fact huge thompson fans ( the rest one 1 % are the goddamn serbs ) , i myself have his name tattooed on my left arm and i regularly visit neo-nazi meetings where i get drunk , sing cavoglave and shout `` ubi srbina '', 
  new diablo3 season , i guess, 
  b a s e d, 
  also massive panic caused by possible immigrant swarms, 
  `` r '' acts as a vowel in serbo-croatian , for example : vrt , tvrd , kr\u010dma , cvr\u010dak . 
  that makes it a bit easier to pronounce the words and also makes the language softer , we do n't really hate vowels :p, 
  most based language in the world, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.njuskalo.hr/nekretnine/kuca-pitomaca-visoka-prizemnica-310-m2-oglas-15435171 ) was the most expensive thing i could fine , tho it is outside the main city and is located near ( or rather in ) the satellite city, 
  all i hear is : `` davaj blyed '', 
  few hundred people were shouting , are you trying to label the entire nation ? 
  why, 
  croatian , fluent english ( vidya james , cartoons , movies , dank memes etc. 
  ) , a bit of german ( currently learning it in school ) and also trying to self tutor myself korean, 
  why ? 
  there is no military and economical force in the world strong enough to face nato , seems to me like scaremongering to buy american equipment, 
  are u feeling ok, 
  not in mainland europe , anyways . 
  brits are usually butthurt if you call them europeans , they do n't like to be associated with us mainlanders, 
   pica haha, 
  rusija do tokija, 
  bakeries, 
  what the fuck moldava, 
  except macedonian is much closer to bulgarian than serbian , the fuck are you on , have you ever heard spoken macedonian , or even read it ? 
  saruman gathers his army in isengard, 
  why not just annex eu ? 
  rule britannia !, 
  you 're retarded, 
  comon now , no need to be tsundere, 
  i know our countries do n't have any special ties and you 're the popular kid in the school , but i love you czechia . 
  prague absolutely blew me away , and your language is very melodic ( i guess that happens when you turn everything into a diminutive ) albeit hard as fuck . . everyone i met in prague was very kind and helpful , and the word i used the most was well : `` djekuji '' . 
  thank you for showing the rest of europe that a slavic country can prosper as well !, 
  p.s : flip-flops are not adequate mountain hiking equipment, 
  reminds me of a video where a guy talks about how slovenia and croatia are still under tyranny of tito , it just shows how uninformed and blinded by lies these people are , they see europe as germany , nordics and poverty stricken wastelands in-between them, 
  i 'm sure the number of immigrants who would free willingly stay in v4/bug/rum / cro/slo/baltics is rather small , you have nothing to fear for . . 
  the title makes it sound as if rapists are croatian ... ... ... 
  zzzzzz balkans gon na balkan who the fuck even cares what he says , why is this getting any attention ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsz49mzcvg0 spoiler : it 's not the coastline : ddddd, 
   but no one in sweden would really care all that much half of nation cries over a drowned refugee , but they would n't care about millions of people getting nuked ? 
  yeah while i was on a school trip to prague 2 years ago getting weed was super easy , i guess other stuff would be quite easy to get as well, 
  what reasons ? 
  butthurt ? 
  we have been seeing huge growth in industry sector as well as increase in gdp in the last 3q , how 's serbia , who by the way has a much smaller base , doing ? 
  pls anschluss , i for once would welcome our overlords as long as you do n't sell our coastline to pay your debts again , 
  whenever i see american poster on either reddit or / int / i just assume he 's going to say some stupid fucking shit and i 'm right 90 % of the time, 
   honestly , eastern europe is as big a problem for europe as the mass islamic immigration is t. pakistani, 
  so you 're proposing turning a whole country into a huge immigration camp ? 
  how about we turn budapest into immigration camp , does that work for you ? 
  [ dubrovnik ] ( http://makstravel.hr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/slider-dubrovnik-2_1600x828.jpg ) , [ rovinj ] ( http://makstravel.hr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/croatia-istra-rovinj-old-town-aerial.jpg ) , [ vara\u017edin ] ( http://blog.uniline.hr/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/varazdin-panorama.jpg ), 
  how exactly ? 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , i thought you were talking about kosovo which does n't look that bad in terms of demographics, 
  wheres spurdo, 
  nice mods, 
  i do think eastern europe has a chance , just look at czechia , but that chance seems so slight , and with every passing year it 's as if it is fading further and further away due to brain drain . 
  some regions are just doomed , like balkans , but v4 and baltics have a real chance of catching up to west in few generations . 
  i do hope one day ee becomes as prosperous as west and people wo n't have to escape their countries to clean toilets , but for now as much as it saddens me economic emigration is a day to day reality , i know a lot of people who left my town , and i myself will move shortly . 
  to keep it short some words are similiar , by connecting those words into a sentance or adding words from your language you can come up with something comprehensive . 
  sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't , for me personally i can understand very little polish , but can understand a lot of slovakian and slovenian, 
  that 's easy , just deny them citizen rights such as health care and welfare , although i suspect crime rates would skyrocket as it would be their only source of income, 
  as yung lean would say `` stock town ghost town '' oh wait, 
  besti looks really comfy , definitely a country i 'm planning to visit, 
  cunt : flag favorite : magyar ciganys / slovenia least favorite : bosnians ( especially herzegovnas ), 
  aye , that would be neat !, 
  though croatia already has so many beautiful national parks that are n't on our coastline such as plitvice lakes and kopa\u010dki rit , i 'd leave mountains and winter tourism to our neighbors :d, 
  mostly yeah , however our industry sector is seeing massive recovery , so some of it has to do with that . 
  keep in mind this is in august , when unemployment is usually at its lowest since it 's peak of the tourist season and a lot of people get seasonal jobs , actual unemployment is around 18 ~, 
  someones meme page got postblocked, 
  love-hate relationship, 
  create a new european union . . within eu !, 
   sausage  bacon savages,
