   do anything for attention , including baiting other muslims and beating on elders outside a mosque . 
  this is violent and yet did n't the wbc very rarely get violent ? 
  i recall them having very good lawyers so they would sue anyone who got violent at them . 
   this story is so local news do n't worry , once the mods wake up they will remove it for being too local . 
  also to note , his murderer is currently out of jail https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkert_van_der_graaf, 
  well reddit is the hate speech homepage of the internet . 
   the uk 's ban of trump is because they are offended by his words . 
  ahem , i believe it 's called hate speech . 
   well i meant `` hate speech kind '' of dangerous . 
  lock up yo daughters !, 
  it 's just their culture, 
   the problem here is that these hate groups , that didnt cared about woman rights , disabled or the poor before you see the world as completely black and white . 
  also makes the situation harder when you condemn homosexuality and bisexuality . 
  thats offensive to gender fluid people you cis scum / s, 
   they even have two state run beer companies in syria . 
  well it is a secular government so i would hope so . 
  the problem is the people who have been promising the free shit have already been in power for a while now and somehow things got to where they are today . 
  at a certain point you kind of stop believing in the bullshit . 
   you might end up on some watchlists though . 
  and that is n't enough ? 
  that 's an effect , not a cause . 
   a common pool of resources to allocate to a country needing help - why not . 
  i 'm sure the nazi 's said something similar when they helped poland . 
   the largest demographic in this sub is rabidly anti-immigration , this was not the case a year ago ... 
  i wonder what changed ... 
   tactical voting to suppress the will of a large segment of a population is not a good thing . 
  but it works in his favor so it 's good . 
  and who is to say that their numbers would have been worse if people were forced to vote like here in australia ? 
  in australia it 's terrible because people who do n't care about politics end up voting and are very easily swayed by populist parties . 
  it would seem to me that their vote numbers would have been higher with a higher turnout . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/ukraine-separatists-feel-abandoned-as-moscows-attention-shifts-1447458821 wut ? 
   the irresponsibility from the ruler class who could have possibly seen this coming ? 
  really ? 
  makes you wonder how on earth the intelligence services did n't see it coming . 
  why not ? 
  the us says sanctions are good for diplomacy so russia is sanctioning itself . 
  seems legit . 
   i think you 're a bit confused this happened in syria and the ones who supposedly shoot the pilots were syrian turkmens . 
  why the hell should we arrest them ? 
  well if the position is `` it 's in syria , not our problem '' then where does turkey have a leg to stand on to say russia ca n't bomb them ? 
  man , the eu really is bringing europe together is n't it ? 
  so crimea was legit too then ? 
  ... what does an investigation into who downed mh17 have to do with who downed mh17 ? 
  whatever man, 
   let 's kick a country that holds strategically placed nuclear weapons , also having the most of syrian refugees and seems to be escorting the refugee 's into europe ... great ally there . 
   this subreddit does n't allow me to post the document . 
  can we post fox news instead ? 
  i thought people like you would have stopped putting your fingers in your ears and yelling `` lalalalala '' whenever people tried to discuss what actually happened . 
  considering the full report still has not been released , that we still have n't seen the black box , it seems very cavalier . 
   he said that there had been contact between officials in moscow and ankara , but not between nato officials and russia . 
  would nato even talk to russia ? 
  is n't the whole mission of nato to be opposed to russia ? 
   why ? 
  because it 's even less democratically accountable than your own government . 
   if the media did its job who says they are n't already doing their `` jobs '' ? 
  i would prefer the wbc ( as a gay man ) over isis any fucking day in the week thank you very much . 
  oh ur just a nazi , embrace the eu swine !, 
  but how many syrians ? 
  well poland elected him no ? 
  representative democracy in action . 
   where does he say he 'll never give them government . 
  where did i say never ? 
   if that 's really what the people want , he 'll have no choice . 
  i agree , but my point being that he thinks democracy needs to take a backseat in this case . 
   however , that 's not what most people want , and nobody in portugal is even worried about it , but i guess we 're very different from the rest of the world then why did so many people vote for anti austerity and anti eu parties ? 
  i admire your creativity , but next time use your imagination to invent allegations that are at least somewhat similar to reality . 
  maybe they did n't want to kill nn ? 
  but if you vote for opt out , the nazi 's will return !, 
  that 's what i read yesterday . 
   `` in 40 years of democracy , no government in portugal has ever depended on the support of anti-european forces , that is to say forces that campaigned to abrogate the lisbon treaty , the fiscal compact , the growth and stability pact , as well as to dismantle monetary union and take portugal out of the euro , in addition to wanting the dissolution of nato , '' said mr cavaco silva . 
   `` after we carried out an onerous programme of financial assistance , entailing heavy sacrifices , it is my duty , within my constitutional powers , to do everything possible to prevent false signals being sent to financial institutions , investors and markets , '' he said . 
  so because the policies of the left coalition are too anti-eu and would probably screw over bankers hes not willing to let them take over ... 
  if you have a different interpretation i would n't mind hearing it . 
  maybe because he said that democacy must come second to the eu and the bankers . 
  if you like that , cool , but i do n't think that 's going to fly well with voters ... 
  hm , i wonder how many `` pro-immigration '' attacks there have been in germany ... 
   what if that government became totalitarian ? 
  you guys have the eu , it will never ever happen !, 
  says up 6.7 %, 
   it 's time for an eu army hm , i seem to remember the arguments for the eu including explicitly that there would be no common army . 
  that would mean he would have to focus on domestic issues . 
  it 's the new normal for them until they ban assault trucks and knives . 
  i ca n't wait for my halal snack packs at midnight , as long as they do n't notice i 'm stoned and buying for my boyfriend it should be fine . 
  [ deleted ], 
  well part of the conversation at the moment is about how the police departments should be disarmed and de-funded, 
   and these `` good gunmen '' rarely to be seen who do you think stops the gunmen ? 
  they just run out of ammo and kill themselves ? 
  yea , maybe you guys should start banning some assault knives and trucks, 
   then pray tell , what did he mean ? 
  oh i do n't know , maybe tougher requirements ? 
  how about cracking down on economic immigrants who just walked on over ? 
   there are rules for immigration , a bloke with murder charges and whatnot ca n't stroll into france and gain citizenship . 
  well australia has muslims but aside from one event a few years ago where a preacher held up a cafe , we have had nothing even close to what france has been seeing every few months . 
  we have a very strict immigration system that is focused around letting people in who have applicable skills or money to invest into the economy . 
  i just do n't see how you can say in france 's position without about 6-8 % of the population being muslim , you can just say `` well if we slow down any more there wo n't be anything left ! '' . 
  or maybe islam organically grew out of france , not through immigration and i 'm just completely wrong . 
  has he tried love yet ? 
  i heard that works well against hate . 
   if you suggest we 're to ban immigration entirely , then it 's nonsense . 
  why is it people always assume that if your anti-immigration as it is you probably want 0 % immigration , not a single person .
