history is hard . 
   we may be thinking of different things . 
  i am talking about high-profile cases such as those of local children who get abducted and later turn up abused and dead . 
  sure , but i guess to me what the difference ? 
  a dead kid in germany should be equally as sad and devastating as a dead kid in africa or sudan . 
  espicially when you consider that we live in the internet age now , it 's very difficult to make the claim `` well it 's our country '' when for alot of cases it 's not the same country as the reader . 
   for example : remember the pics of the girl who died driving her daddies car ? 
  the pictures leaked , and some people on 4chan were kind enough to send various photo-shopped versions of the gore to her parents . 
  not supporting that kind of shit at all , thats pretty sick but on the other hand i do n't see the solution as censorship . 
  espicially since you said leaked , which ill assume here means the papers did n't publish them so they were n't involved in that situation . 
   http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/an-hero i was unfarmiliar with this . 
  again , this is a case where it looks like the bad actors were not the newspapers at all but some dickheads on chans . 
  i 'm sorry but i can never support any kind of rule that seeks to regulate the speech of everyone in order to deal with chans , the absolute lowest common denominator . 
  i could easily see this kind of stuff being classified as harassment as i think harassment laws can be legitimate for dealing with dipshits online who go way to far to try and be super edgy . 
   it 's against the german press code . 
  i thought that was just like for video games and how you had to make all blood green so people would think you were only shooting aliens or something . 
   they self-censor very differently than anglo media - no problems with tits or mohammed cartoons , but no torn off body parts or witch-hunts against the accused . 
  witch hunts against accused it 's a different story ill pay you that but violent images ? 
  if it 's real life it 's real life , it should n't be censored by the government . 
   http://www.igosana.ch/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/bwgbipaiqaakaog.jpg i remember this one lol . 
  when it comes to ethics though , the aritlces says she posted them on twitter so to me i do n't see an ethics issue per-say in re-publishing them without a blur . 
   they publish uncensored pictures of victims wait how is that a breach of proper ethics ? 
  the media shows us blown up kids in the middle east all the time , i do n't see the ethics issue here ... 
  so the eu system of open borders has created an immigration crisis in europe and the solution is to double down on the eu ? 
  are you insane or just a troll ? 
  cause they did n't bomb syria and fuck around in the middle east . 
   i work two low-paid jobs while studying my second university degree . 
  if that 's the definition of `` greedy capitalist '' , then i guess i am . 
  you are , but unlike most on reddit . 
  i actually accept that greed is n't exclusively an evil trait . 
  you seem like a greedy capitalist . 
  is n't your large government the source of a lot of finland 's happiness ? 
  but i can remember months ago , when the media was grilling her over telling their young girl that they could n't seek refuge in germany because there was already too many comming in ... she was lambasted over those bad optics , now apparently she 's a hippie ... europe is really weird ... 
  they already bought the ports you sold to the russians wo n't need gd to take over first , they already own it . 
   remind me which countries are arming isis ? 
  thats right turkey and saudi arabia . 
  that 's right , good ol buddies of the us of fucking a. 
   why do n't you go and bitch and moan about those countries and ask why sa have n't taken any refugees . 
  cause sa does n't give a fuck and does n't pretend to . 
  um , remind me which countries were arming the fsa with weapons and training ? 
  cause the us/uk/fr started the civil war in syria ... 
  seems fair that they deal with the fallout . 
  they are undocumented migrants ... stop being racist please, 
  well maybe the people who said `` do n't fucking meddle in the middle east '' could maybe get some kind of recognition that they were right yet again . 
  undocumented sex partner . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  every time we call the m words the t word , at least another 50 get radicalized . 
  because what else is the eu supposed to be for if not to prevent humanitarian crisis ? 
  well when my own country australia was dealing with it 's immigration problem a few years ago , we were told by eu leaders how our actions were so un-humanitarian . 
  i accept this . 
  but what about the compassion ? 
  who else but the eu ? 
  the problem is that the only organisation that has the power for humanitarian work of this scale is the eu . 
  so whats the solution eu ? 
  they do n't have to read up on it at all . 
   something which i do not mourn to be honest as this referendum was a bad idea to start out with : it 's a hopelessly complex topic that your average citizen ca n't hope to give a proper verdict about . 
  and you believe that politicians are somehow able to give a proper verdict ? 
   there was n't any better candidate for president . 
  if you asked victoria nuland sure , but how about not listening to us puppetmasters next time you have to pick a new leader . 
   one lesson that i think we can all take from this is that the belgians seem to be struggling to remain abreast of the ongoing threat . 
  nope , i 'm pretty sure the problem was not enough cat pictures being posted . 
   if we stated that we definitely wanted to stay , and tehn tried making changes , that might work better . 
  the future of the eu , predicated on `` if they were nicer is might have actually worked that time '' . 
  i 'm brimming with confidence right here . 
  no , just being a decent fucking human being and not total scum . 
   they 'd much fewer converts if people were free to criticise islam in the same way we 're all allowed to criticise christianity that 's xenophobic and racist . 
  we should n't be telling people that they ca n't believe in their faith , that 's wrong . 
  i do n't see why we should think that , islam is a peaceful religion and considering her age i would n't be surprised if she was an atheist . 
  now that 's someone who i would be afraid of . 
   the truth is that consensual incest between adults is objectively a victimless crime and therefore should be legal . 
  but actually trying to legalise it ? 
  there 's just no point . 
  could n't you say there is no point in making it illegal then ? 
   how stupid her supporters are for supporting spineless idiots like this . 
  you mean like , most of germany ? 
  that does n't sound very much like eu state behavior , maybe you need realize you a part of a federation now . 
   tl ; dr : i was there , i remember it and can draw the comparison , trump is following the steps of 1994 berlusconi almost exactly . 
  berlusconi was a disaster and very hard to get rid of . 
  us has a term limit so this is n't as much of an issue . 
   but he definitely is n't afraid to single problems out based on race , nationality , or religion that 's called being a rational human being with opinions . 
   how come nobody on reddit can ever think of having fewer people through compulsory birth control ? 
  oh plenty of reasons : - you would be called hitler - ca n't infringe on a woman 's right to choose - it would be racist because it would end up targeting blacks - donald trump probably wants to do it . 
  - did i mention hitler ? 
  ca n't we politely just ask them to only send over a few women and children ? 
  that should work right ? 
   if libyans do n't count as refugees , then no one does . 
  but we liberated them ? 
  how can they be a refugee if we liberated them from their cruel dictator ? 
  makes no sense i say, 
  we did it reddit !, 
   as he burned a swastika flag or something along those lines . 
  what a neo-nazi fascist !, 
  those pesky glitches . 
  how does this happen in this day and age ? 
  it 's 2016 , how could technology allow this . 
  yea but we need to preserve arab culture . 
  well maybe if more germans opened up their houses this would n't be an issue . 
  nope , that was jesus . 
  checkmate fedoras, 
  this is why the un needs more power , the way people just think they can skirt their human rights obligations here is just abhorrent .
