depends what kind of cartoon . 
  i remember stumbling over family guy two times while watching german television . 
  each time i saw a scene with some horribly butchered joke . 
  one of them was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mp4qjcxeak ) ( sorry for the quality , it 's all i could find ) , where `` i shall call you ` eduardo ' '' got translated so that `` call '' meant a `` phone call '' . 
  instead of being a stupid joke this scene stopped making sense at all . 
  it was n't even a pun or something else that may be difficult to translate . 
  it 's just that whoever translated this really gave no fucks whatsoever . 
  so ... being a member of nato means you help any other member when it 's attacked , right ? 
  i think that is reasonable and sufficient . 
  creating secret torture prisons , spying on citizens , meddling in internal affairs , trying to piss of nearby nuclear powers ... maybe less of that ? 
  i wonder who will be next . 
  could be any country with a russian minority ... maybe it 'll be like in soviet times . 
  russia `` rescuing '' one country after the other . 
  strawman argument , i think . 
  who exactly are you talking to ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  also , what 's wrong with complaining ? 
  at 50,3 % , even an `` uncompromising , direct democracy '' should n't pretend that this is truly a majority decision . 
  you mean forcefully invading other countries , putting them under foreign rule and enslaving the natives ? 
  people who get dramatic like that over simple immigration are just like christians in the usa who believe they are being persecuted for their beliefs every time someone says `` happy holidays '' instead of `` merry christmas '' and equating that with getting mauled by lions in ancient rome . 
  that has nothing to do with weakness . 
  people who think that way ultimately end up hurting themselves . 
  [ crab mentality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crab_mentality ) . 
  look at the states in africa that fail to uphold laws . 
  weak or strong , you spend all your energy on defending yourself and necessities . 
  you ca n't accept anyone becoming `` stronger '' than you , so you keep everyone down as good as you can . 
  same thing when you get to an international level . 
  we 'll get much further as a species if we keep competition under control . 
  competition is dangerous . 
  it can be a really powerful driving force ( see evolution , innovation , economy ) , but if it gets out of bounds it becomes incredibly destructive . 
  laws are there to keep it in check , like the control rods in a nuclear reactor . 
  maybe you 'd be better off going to some failed state and try to become a war lord . 
  i 'll stay here , fighting for scraps . 
  so ... no need for laws then ? 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
  everything that led up to your glorious existence is excused , because sometimes the ends justify the means ? 
  colonialism was n't just `` immigration '' . 
  a european country would claim some foreign land . 
  the natives get robbed , raped , enslaved and sometimes almost wiped out through violence and unintentionally through viruses and whatnot . 
  back home , the public hear about how thankful the natives are for becoming civilized and christian . 
  the most important part however the steady influx of riches from the colony to the colonist 's home country , by any means necessary . 
  i think it 's a good idea to condemn that and not let it happen again , even if that means that some future child of destiny is n't born . 
  does anyone remember this site where you could make videos from google street view `` journeys '' ? 
  might be fun zooming around in there . 
  not sure if that would be relevant here . 
  if it 's all percentages then i think it suffices . 
  but i ca n't read dutch ... 
  another thought : how come the same does n't apply for the government ? 
  it 's much more powerful and thus potentially dangerous than a single citizen . 
  all those recent revelations show that the reasons for keeping that secret have nothing to do with `` national security '' - it 's because the citizens might not agree with what 's being done . 
  more accurately - it was either `` that 's insane , are you some sort of conspiracy nut ? '', 
  or `` well duh , why is everyone even acting so surprised ? '' . 
  i think in germany there are special reasons for why people feel more strongly about privacy than elsewhere . 
  first of all there was the 3rd reich , where you 'd get gassed if the state found out you were someone they did n't like . 
  then came the stasi , which would put you in jail / torture you if it found out that you were bad-mouthing the government ( or `` worse '' ) . 
  or if someone working for the stasi decided to make up some evidence against you . 
  of course , ignoring that last part , it was okay as long as you did n't have anything to hide , right ? 
  if you were a die-hard communist convinced that the party 's always right - you did n't have to hide that from anyone . 
  if you were sufficiently `` aryan '' , did n't have any jewish / left-leaning / intellectual friends or family , you did n't have anything to hide either under the nazi rule . 
  i think this is tough to explain to someone who 's simply comfortable with how things are for them right now , but i think the `` complicated '' answer is that you never know when you 'll suddenly find yourself having something to hide . 
  something that should be completely safe in a free society . 
  something as simple as not being happy with what the government 's doing . 
  well , they 're running virtually unopposed . 
  which is why ignoring the problem will work perfectly . 
  [ 10 of 15 pages looked like that ] ( https://twitter.com/thomasoppermann/status/375205930448592896 ), 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  they said the entire nsa thing has been resolved . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  i 'm not denying there 's more than one reason . 
  `` considering your own political and economic interests '' is a very broad term , and i feel like it 's something that nowadays gets abused a lot in order to downplay exploitation and meddling in the internal affairs of countries ( for economic reasons ) such as backing tyrants for the sake of `` stability '' . 
  people do n't just pretend to maintain a moral high ground because they do n't like to think - they simply do n't know what 's happening because they are n't allowed to see the information . 
  for example , it 's not like the us government will just go `` okay , so while trying to to keep gas prices low , we accidentally bombed this orphanage , but that 's acceptable , right ? '', 
  or `` yes , we watch almost all of your communications , and sometimes people abuse that power , and we use that information for other things than national security , but we do catch some terrorists now and then '' . 
  there 's what people think they are supporting and there 's what governments actually do , and all that secrecy surrounding that makes it pretty clear that they are quite concerned about what voters might do if they actually knew what was going on . 
  if ignorance did all the work , you would n't have to treat whistle-blowers like traitors . 
  all i see is a huge network of people acting in their own interests that rarely stretch as far as an entire country . 
  and you 're right , they are people too , so in addition to acting in their own interests they also make tons of mistakes . 
   on syria 's scale ? 
  i ca n't think of any others at the moment . 
  but whenever they happen , they are usually met with a response from the west . 
  what kind and how strong - well , that depends on a hundred different factors . 
  define `` scale '' then . 
  in terms of people displaced it 's on par with the war in darfur , which has been going on for 10 years . 
  but all you hear about it is `` things are really bad in darfur , with killing and rape and millions of refugees '' and those countries who are now so interested in syria going `` that sucks , someone should do something '' . 
  and then happily sell a bunch of weapons to either side . 
  bombing civilians : also called `` terror bombing '' when the enemy does it to you . 
  it 's supposed to turn your civilians against your government , but that wo n't happen because your civilians are strong and brave . 
  there 's also `` morale bombing '' , which is when you bomb the enemy 's civilians . 
  it 's supposed to turn their civilians against their government , and it 's going to work because their civilians are weak and cowardly . 
  and in practice all of those civilians will forget they even have a government . 
  they will be in a constant state of shock , carry around pieces of their dead relatives , pray for a quick death each time they hear sirens . 
  while i do think that what 's happening in syria should be stopped as soon as possible ... governments do n't do things because of humanitarian reasons . 
  it 's not how it works . 
  whatever the reason , that 's not it . 
  too many bloody , devastating , inhumane conflicts are being completely ignored for that to have any kind of meaning at all . 
  that would be nice of course , but things do n't look great around here either . 
  the government is trying to look a bit angry ( threatening to suspend those trade talks ) , but it 's already looking for ways to copy what the nsa is doing . 
  most of the opposition , thanks to being in campaigning mode , is looking a bit angrier and calling out the government about its inaction - but unfortunately they were in power when some ties to the american/british surveillance system were established . 
  our interior minister recently said that security is a more important `` right '' than those others mentioned in our constitution ( which happens to say none of that of obviously ) . 
  did they receive any chinese or russian cables that they are not releasing now ?
