  you 're missing the point . 
  when rape happens within the general population , it is handled accordingly by the police . 
  the reasons the rapes committed by members of the catholic clergy and the asylum seekers are such a big issue is because they are above the law . 
  politicians are refusing to punish the asylum seekers for leftist ultra-pc motives , at the expense of the general population . 
  they also refuse to impose sanctions upon the catholic church , despite members of the church using their status to abuse children . 
  beyond creating a sensible budget , the problem of normal crime is handled by the police . 
  the police are n't being allowed to handle to economic migrants with force , get them deported , nor do they have the space or manpower to contain them . 
  that is an issue for the politicians . 
  stop defending the actions of the migrants as if it were equal to normal sexual assaults . 
  they 're biting the hand that feeds them , and yet its still feeding them . 
  when you tell migrants with a backwards culture that you wo n't punish them for being arseholes , you sacrifice the quality of life of the general population . 
  i never said its only you , just that the uk is not at all in the same boat . 
  nato is purely a defensive pact , so that 's hardly warmongering/overly aggressive . 
  its true we 've had dickhead politicians ( mr tony blair ) who have war mongered , but the people on the whole prefer to be left alone and do n't feel a need to be packing guns or knives for protection . 
  our law enforcement ( on the whole ) is not militarized . 
  you can try and pass the u.s failures in culture and war onto us , but you 're wrong . 
  we have our own problems , you have yours . 
  i would like to know firstly how they have stats about other countries ( seeing as the phillipines and indonesia are not only hotbeds for trafficking , but also for child pornography ) . 
  i 'd also like to point out that in some countries , it is n't a crime to possess or distribute , and furthermore that when abuse of human rights and actual physical abuse of a child is more commonplace and in some cases socially acceptable . . yeah , child porn does n't seem like such a big issue . 
  especially since last i checked , child porn includes lolicon . 
  cartoon porn of children versus actually physical abuse . 
  priorities , perhaps . 
  in many muslim-majority countries , they are shameless about this , actually . 
  we see it as shameful in the west , but ( for example ) , the qur ` an dictates that you may beat your wife if she refuses to have sex with you . 
  muslim theocracies are largely cultures of rape , and contrary to widespread defence of human rights . 
  i do n't understand what your point is , to be honest . 
  even false rape accusations blow up on the media and the falsely accused vilified . 
  i 'm more concerned by the lack of coverage regarding cases such as rotherham , rochdale and oxford , and the inane amount of coverage regarding the nasa guy 's shirt , the false rape accusations and david cameron 's alleged pig-fucking . 
  at least in the uk , we have wildly different attitudes to guns and police . 
  we see the police ( as a whole ) as working for the people , and the police ( as a whole ) see their job as serving/protecting the public , rather than enforcing the law . 
  as a smaller country , we have more trust in the response times of the emergency services , and more trust in the quality of their people than the quality of a random passer by . 
  we also have far fewer illegal guns , that i believe are much more expensive . 
  gangs more rarely escalate the issue to use of firearms , since any police response becomes far more severe and violent . 
  the situation is fucked in america , but we seem to do okay without guns here . 
  reducing such a nuanced situation to a question of `` well the bad guys still get illegal guns , so we should have guns to protect ourselves . 
  period . '', 
  is a mistake . 
  we do n't have the attitude of treating everything as a war in europe and the uk ( war on drugs , terror etc. ) . 
  one interesting nuance is that iirc many of the illegal handguns ( in particular glocks ) are sourced from legal gun purchases/trade . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , it is thought that far more of your illegal guns come from legal sources , than are imported illegally . 
  you can punish and point out demographics that are statistically far more likely to carry certain attitudes and commit certain crimes , without devaluing and forgetting that people outside these demographics also commit these crimes . 
  this type of event may not have been planned for , but it was not unforeseeable . 
  if you could n't figure out that importing a million people from a culture that shits on human rights and is completely incompatible with your values , would result in more crime , you 're an idiot . 
  especially since `` gang-rapes '' ( or molestation , assaults , robberies etc. 
  ) , particularly against women are common in countries such as egypt , syria , algeria and the middle east . 
  labour was her excuse , but many of the refugees are unemployable . 
  mostly phds and doctors my ass . 
  still not pro-gun since in ` normal times ' it does n't really help/make sense . 
  in times of potential civil war , guns would be a good thing to have . 
  good thing the illegal gun trade has been going strong since schengen . 
  leftists ( like you i imagine ) on this sub do n't seem to listen to statistics , accounts from actual arabs/north africans about the state of their societies and who 's to blame , to simple logic , and to simple argumentation on the issue . 
  so yeah , since most of what i see from you guys on this sub is unfounded or anecdotal , i do n't see anything wrong with his comment . 
  so because there are some paedophiles in the catholic church , its unfair to point out the link between islamic culture and mistreatment of women and children ? 
  its like the assholes who minimalized the rape-ring cases in the uk by saying there are white gangs that do it too . 
  sure , non-muslims do it to , but what , we should n't criticize the powers that be for actively not arresting the known perpetrators for fear of being called racist ? 
  so now , let 's see . 
  \\ s { the catholic church is not the sole source of paedophiles , so why criticize them at all ? 
  many non-catholic persons rape children , who cares that they are seemingly above the law . }, 
  obfuscating the issue for your ideology will destroy your country . 
  well insofar as their ideology supports the actions of their particular gender for sure , w.r.t the attacks in germany , but that does n't mean female muslims ca n't be particularly ` problematic ' too ( several rings of pro-isis propagandists and child-groomers led and organized by muslim women have been exposed of late ) . 
  i guess they can somewhat justify that with something like `` increased risk of persecution '' , but the men are at risk of persecution either via forced conscription or for refusing the force conscription . 
  i 'm not really in favour of the mass migration at all , but it seems sexist and unfair to turn away all single men , many of whom will have had families who were murdered and will be fleeing conscription from either side . 
  that is , if they 're genuinely fleeing syria . 
  it sets a bad precedent to allow the government to include openly sexist policies on immigration ( and therefore do so in other aspects of the countries ' life ) , especially when many second or third generation immigrants are the more radical in modern society . 
  scapegoating men , when the issue is really the cultural and religious ideology that causes many of these men to do this , is a bad precedent to set , and will likely just fuel the fire for feminist calling all men rapists . 
  economic migrants can sod off . 
  or how ridiculously pervasive the ultra-leftist and guardian readers are over in that sub . 
  oh , and calling this sub right wing is ridiculous , most of the people here seem to support the eu and are incredibly leftist . 
  very , very few eurosceptics here . 
  admittedly , many of the eurosceptics are also british . 
  it gets earlier every year , so it will be an even greater disruptioni n the coming years . 
  and it limits the amount of revision time students get , compared to students from previous years . 
  potentially , students will miss out on up to a month of revision for some maths exams . 
  we used to have january exams , they were n't removed for religious reasons . 
  we always have mocks in the middle of the term , pre-christmas , after christmas and so on . 
  in universities , we have mid-terms and then exams shortly after christmas , and shortly after easter . 
  if these events were purely for religious reasons , we would have a singular day off , not multiple weeks . 
  the holiday breaks coincide with logical points of break in a term , but they are n't multiple weeks because of religious dispensation . 
  its a travesty to risk disadvantaging the vast majority of students , because a tiny minority of students opt to fast during exam time . 
  this will potentially result in core exams being taken up to a month earlier ( so students have a month 's less revision relative to other years ) , and having multiple exams in the morning more frequently , plus they have double the exams since you ca n't sit first year exams any more , or january exams . 
  it truly sets a bad precedent . 
  we do n't get special dispensation if you have hayfever or a cold , so piss right off if you choose to starve yourself . 
  i 'm sure that your individual experience is n't unique , but if you take a look at the polls from turkey and policies of erdogan over the last 15 years , you 'll see a different story . 
  again , bulgaria and romania were a mistake . 
  past mistakes should n't be used to justify further mistakes . 
  prime example ? 
  allowing asylum to millions of refugees . 
  in some instances we made the situation worse ( via creation of power vacuums ) ; that however does n't justify sacrificing the standard of living of native europeans and earlier immigrants simply because there are a vast number of refugees , and an even large number of economic migrants . 
  there are plenty of countries that should n't have been in the union with france and germany , notably greece . 
  also , several of the eastern european/slavic countries ( e.g bulgaria/romania ) . 
  just because mistakes have been made in the past , does n't mean we should make another one in this instance . 
  they are far poorer than the eu 's poorest countries , are extorting the eu with regards to economic migrants , border iraq , iran and syria , are majority muslim with a dwindling democracy and growing radical population , have what is becoming a putin style dictator at the head and likely is funding or profiting from isis . 
  definitely someone to get into bed with , i 'm surprised they have n't already , after having saudi arabia as an ally . 
  also , its barely part of europe . 
  is n't it only like 5 % within europe or something ? 
   why did you take this u-turn ? 
  the eu is doomed to fail and  should n't exist etc. 
  then suddenly the eu must do this and that . 
  the point was that the eu will fail in due course if it fails to represent its people and the interests of its member countries . 
  the uk will likely leave the union if necessary to control its borders against quotas , and to establish a sensible trade agreement that does n't require it to realize laws not directly made by the members of parliament .
