sure , on the continent , as i 've mentioned . 
  the problem is that the eu is straining under the migrant and financial crises , and is reaching a breaking point . 
  the eu needs to stand up to turkey , control the migrant situation ( without stomping more on national sovereignty , poor greece ) and remove some of the eu members from the currency union , so that they can rebuild their economies . 
  they will not do this , nor will they meet the needs and desires of eurosceptics , or even try to compromise . 
  the vote is far more split than you suggest , between london/students on one side , and the lower class workers and retirees on the other . 
  its likely the vote wo n't be out , but its unlikely to be a landslide . 
  would you want to import salafists from saudi arabia here ? 
  we have a duty to protect and defend our culture and politics from negative outside influences . 
  identifying cultural differences is important , because it breeds discontent , especially when those differences are religion-based and therefore unresolvable . 
  if countries are not culturally , economically and politically aligned , a union will not work . 
  this is why a federalized eu will not work for the uk . 
  yes , but the uk has never wanted to be part of a us of europe . 
  the countries pushing for it tend to be those who were destroyed by wwii . 
  plus , your union was intended to be a united states from the start , whereas the eu was not . 
  the current path towards federalization is built upon a bed of lies and corruption from the high-ups in brussels , the lisbon treaty being a prime example . 
  suggesting the situation is even close to the state 's situation those couple of hundred years ago is to be wildly misinformed . 
  yep , judge us by our worst . 
  never mind the biritsh empire brining prosperity , culture and trade to millions , or the great scientific and cultural advances made by brits . 
  nah , define us by the chavs . 
  great argumentation , mate . 
  sure , but those were/are commonwealth countries . 
  besides , all i was doing was pointing out his false equivalence . 
  it would be if the eu was federalized and all the countries wished to be a part of it . 
  that is n't true . 
  the cultural difference is far greater , and the uk has twice the gdp/cap . 
  you 're three months out of date , but yes , for sure . 
  eh , europe is letting in millions of refugees and economic migrants , and they can push them onto us , either via quotas ( and sanctions ) , or by giving them citizenship after a few years which gives them free pass over borders . 
  so you claim its easier to live under muslim rule as an infidel , versus living under a secular rule or a countries ' rule that matches said infidel 's faith , or lack of it ? 
  if you agree that specific beliefs have specific consequences , how can you suggest that muslims who commit crimes for explicitly religious reasons do so primarily for non-religious reasons ? 
  its insane to commit suicide and hurt people , but if you believe that that is the best way to get to paradise , and that you 'll be rewarded for it , then its justifiable and arguably logical ( within that framework ) . 
  i agree men and women are different . 
  i agree with differentiating people based on their threat/value , and that in this case , you could argue that due to cultural issues , this falls down the boundaries of sex . 
  the issue is that by blocking men only without an explanation or argument given , that fuels the fires for the scapegoating of men by some of the social justice movement , which is ironic since most fail to criticize the refugees or claimed the native germans were no better . 
  by all means state that you want to block single men , but explain why , else the only reason given is gender . 
  all the abrahamic religions are very divisive , i meant reletive to world religions in general . 
  do n't pretend that the christian/jewish population that lived within them had a wonderful time . 
  sure , there were pockets where they were treated well , but at they very least they were overtaxed second class citizens . 
  do you not agree that specific beliefs result in specific consequences , then ? 
  this is where we fundamentally disagree . 
  is religion , and particularly islam , not incredibly divisive ? 
  if you agree that it is , how can you still state that they is n't a long term religious problem ? 
  along with other voters , war-aged men are pretty vulnerable . 
  whilst i wish to protect our borders as much as anyone else , there are a number of islamist women ( recent scandals in the uk ) , and it sets a sexist precedent . 
  it 's true that religion is one of many factors , but most persons who make the geo-political argument use it to scapegoat the west and pretend that their ideology has nowt to do with it . 
  sure , drop some more names . 
  in the past there were some good times , sure . 
  not all parts of the caliphate persecuted jews , but many still did , just as catholics did . 
  stop living in the past and be honest about what is happening at the moment . 
  so when people commit crimes in the name of their religion , it has nothing to do with their religion ? 
  if a guy walks up to you in the street , pulls and knife and says he must kill you in the name of satan , you take him seriously and run your ass off . 
  you do n't stand there and say `` well i 'm sure it has nothing to do with his religion or mental health , its out fault due to x colonial self hate '' . 
  but a guy kills in the name of allah and suddenly there 's no end the supposed motivation . 
  if a jihadist tells you he 's going to kill someone in the name of his faith , and does , how disgusting is it to blame western society for it , and not his religion ( that dictates and rewards this behaviour ) , and potential mental health issue . 
  there 's always the classic quote . 
  `` if you want good people to do bad things , you need religion . '', 
  i 'm all for positive claims require factual evidence and all that , but you asked for the top three reasons , not sources and evidence . 
  stop moving the goalposts and do some research for yourself mate . 
  so why did the catholic church expel them ? 
  they blamed jews of the death of jesus . 
  why do the muslims hate jews ? 
  because despite the `` people of the book '' clause , there are many quotes in the qur ` an and various hadiths which define them as infidels and orders their death . 
  qur ` an 4:51 - have you not seen those who were given a portion of the scripture , who believe in superstition and false objects of worship and say about the disbelievers , `` these are better guided than the believers as to the way '' ? 
  the gharqad tree hadith - `` you will fight against the jews and you will kill them until even a stone would say : come here , o muslim , there is a jew , so kill him . '' now often we 're accused of taking quotes out of context to misrepresent the faith . 
  so in all fairness , this quote refers to an event that will occur during the apocalypse . 
  the problem is that many muslims believe it to be a direction , for one reason or another , and that if we are not in the times of the apocalypse , that they should commit actions like this to bring about the apocalypse . 
  in past times , before the islamic societies turned to revelation over science , they had a decent society , it 's true . 
  but now we have advanced to a society that protects human rights ( as far as possible ) , and superseded the moral and civil teachings of islam . 
  a quick wikipedia search for you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_and_antisemitism#21st_century, 
  well in the past , there was n't exactly much space that was n't muslim lands . 
  the uk also pays that amount into the eu almost twice a week . 
  its all relative . 
  men and women have a different distribution of intelligence , meaning men are more likely to hit the extremes ( genius and retard ) , wheras women tend to cluster nearer the average . 
  both seem to have the same median and average . 
  so its more likely to be male and have a genius intellect than to be female with a genius intellect . 
  am i a sexist now ? 
  do n't apologise for the morons who think accusing others of - isms constitutes an argument . 
  they 're just dragging you down to their level . 
   just way to minimalize the horrific influence their rhetoric has had on public policy , at least in my country and the u.s. keep in mind that biological determinism has some basis in fact , yet pointing out biological differences in men and women is considered sexist by many . 
  you 're kidding me ? 
  feminists laugh about domestic violence all the time , we even have mps that do it ( jess phillips ) . 
  and you speak as if most vocal 3rd wave feminists are n't also dishonest and huge hypocrites . 
  more commonly known as the regressive left ( or occasionally i 've heard illiberal progressives ) . 
  what i take issue with is the unfortunate pretense by many in the media that the extremists are only on one side , the right-wing side . 
  its true everyone now agrees there was a gross violation of the law . 
  the issue though is that many leftist news outlets/journalists refuse to properly criticize or report properly on the fact that this gang was of a certain ethnicity with a history of committing crimes like this . 
  had this been a group of a 1000 white native germans , the feminists would have been out in a storm and slandered all white men . 
  group of arab/north african economic migrants ? 
  crickets . 
  that is the issue many are concerned with . 
  extremists will always occur , but we need to stop pretending they 're only right-wing , and that only right-wingers can be fascist . 
  its entirely possible he 's told more lies than he 's taken breaths in his lifetime . 
  the censorship on this subreddit and the world news subreddit should tell you something about it . 
  some leftists also claimed it was a right-wing false flag operation , and claimed that the perpetrators were all ethnic germans . 
  and the edl was a reactionary group that formed in response to the rape gangs and anti-solider protestors . 
  yep , it turned into an apology piece pretty quickly . 
  its relevant because the perpetrators ( who displayed misogynistic behaviours ) come from a culture and ideology that promotes misogyny . 
  where ? 
  i 've never heard of that town . 
  ` bielefeld ' , you say ? 
  hmm . .
