  in a conflict the `` rally around the flage '' effect is strong . 
  the endurance of western forces has been really tried since a few decades but i see no reaon why these professionnal and disciplined forces would n't be able to deal with the losses . 
   russian has thousands in storage . 
  well france have plenty of amx-30 in storage too . 
  the question about these `` thousands of tanks '' is : do they have competent trained crews for each of them ? 
  and in what shape are they ? 
  the `` power on paper '' is very different of the `` power in practice '' . 
  ukraine , greece and libya are/were very good exemple of that . 
  well if the military leaders are shy about entering russian territory ( not sure it they would be ) , they can still just beat the invasion force . 
  a bit like the falklands . 
  at this point nato will have the upper hand for the negociations . 
  trying to take control of russia , with all their nukes seems to me like a bad idea . 
  but the thing is : in the tree of possibility , in a direct conflict between nuclear powers you are just one or two bad decisions away from complete annihilation for both sides . 
  and every decision maker know this . 
  that 's why no matter the tensions nuclear powers * do n't * war each others . 
  and that 's why russia is not going to attack a nato country . 
   they keep them all underwater probably because of their storied naval history britannia rules the waves and all that or because that way a preemptive strike on the uk to disarm the nuclear arsenal is useless . 
   russians know that and are tracking the submarines , they 'd take them out poof , only a couple of missile strikes and done . 
  much much easier to say than to do . 
  the point of nuclear submarines is to be invisible , they have 75 % of the world surface to hide , and british and french submarines are of very good quality . 
  if the submarine `` game '' was so unbalanced that russians could locate and follow most of their submarines it would be known . 
  oh yeah , it would be a meatgrinder if both sides are serious about it . 
  but the point is that in the end we would win and thus there is n't any reason for russia to attack nato . 
  * no , seriously , the budapest memorandum is a multilateral non-agression treaty . 
  it 's very clear ( look up the causes ) and the us and the uk perfectly respected it by not attacking ukraine . 
  they never promised to defend it . 
  at most to take the matter to the unsc if ukraine was victim of nuclear bombing . 
  i have read on it . 
  but even then , the russian army is not the red army , and russia ( until recently ) neglected its army as well , and is still in the midst of military reforms . 
  huge chunks of the russian army were ( and in some measure are still ) in very bad shape , not up to nato standards . 
  france and the uk together could go toe to toe with russia , and europeans nato members would crearly have the advantage against russia , even without american troops . 
  american troops just make it more obvious and dispell any illusions that some could entertain . 
  western europe could beat the russian army alone , and with central and eastern europe the balance is clearly in their favor . 
  anyways , the usa would do what they have to do to keep their international credibility ( considering the network of military and economical ties they have across the world , they can not afford to lose it . 
  also the diplomatical and political backlash would be huge ) . 
  yes , i know he is pro-russia and dislike nato ( i spent some time on / r/ukrainianconflict ) , but i think he can understand my `` complicated '' sentences just fine and have a sensible discussion regardless of his bias on the subject ( we all have our owns ) . 
  his argument are sensible , well articulated and understandable , even if i do n't agree with him . 
  nuclear deterrence and mad are a very delicate matter with an unknown gap between the theory and the practice because it has never been tried . 
  although that alone should make us think that politicians from each side have estimated that the gap was n't so big and have good reason to do so . 
  it 's strange . 
  i mean , if someone is punching you ( or someone ) and you use a knife/firearm to kill him , it is `` esxcessive self-defense '' for us as well . 
  but not if the life is clearly imminently threatened . 
  i do n't find it unbelievable . 
  it 's a question of `` drawing a line '' . 
  if russia can nuke nato territory and get away with it , then what 's stopping them from taking more ? 
  the other baltic states ? 
  poland ? 
  central europe ? 
  half of the world while they 're at it ? 
  ( sure , we can say `` that 's unreasonable now ! '', 
  but as a western head of state you 'd need a military option to oppose such a scenario ) . 
  and if after that the american , british or french leaders say `` ok , here is the * real line * '' what weight will have their words ? 
  even if they are sincere , how would russia know this ? 
  what if russia do n't believe them and cross the line again ? 
  in the end when considering bombing a nato nation russia face three persons , and one in particular , who are pretending as strongly as possible , regardless of wether or not they 'll do it or not , that they 'll do it . 
  these are high-level politicians , i.e. 
  people very good at pretending , at a poing where you can not always discern the truth from the intox , the fake from the man behind . 
  there have been statesmen through history who would have done it . 
  because they felt compelled to do so by duty , the judgment of history , ideology , or the feeling that not doing it right now would only give an advantage to the enemy while achieving the same result in the end . 
  are they such a person , when they are back to a wall and their hand on the button ? 
  you are not in their heads , and no educated guess can give you a certainty on what they will do . 
  will you risk the annihilation of your country , of a billion of person , of civilisation as we know it , just to annex estonia ? 
  ( and even then , a radioactive estonia , leaving you shunned as a madman by every nation in the world ? ), 
   and russia nukes nato troops on say estonian soil , what then ? 
  nuking a nato country ? 
  theorically , it is mutually assured destruction ( either directly or via escalation . 
  why would nato abstain from nuking russian troops on russian soil ? 
  and nukes are n't shy about collateral damage , even if not targeting populations centres ) . 
  of course nuclear deterence is a lot about posturing and it has never been really tried ( because it is such a sensitive matter than even between two sworn ennemies you take precautions to avoid any situation were you * might * need to use the * threat * ) , so there is no way to be absolutely sure . 
  it would be incredibly stupid from russia to risk this . 
  of course conventionnal war is fated to fail for russia . 
  so russia has no interest in attacking a nato country . 
  the worst is i pondered on it a few seconds before posting . 
   and in case of crimea i really hope it was n't a preparation for invasion on turkey . 
  i think we have a point of view too different to come to an agreement on our analysis of the situation . 
  the cost/benefit of russia grabing crimea is discutable but understandable . 
  the cost/benefit of russia attacking/invading a nato-country is ridiculously ~ ~ low ~ ~ high . 
   about forcing a purely theoretical idea on living organism of society indeed . 
  there is here i think a divergence of conception of the role of the state : a tool of `` human progress '' ( i.e. 
  shaping the world for what we see the better , but at the scale of the state rather than our personnal level ) or a dangerous , inefficient but necessary thing that must be limited as much as possible . 
   i think the best is employee stock ownership plan . 
  could you devellop ? 
   well , firstly that 's fiddling with the other state 's internal matters . 
  like basically most ( every ? ), 
  inter-states relations . 
   as far as i know helping with evading tax systems is a considerable source of income for those countries , sometimes even the main source . 
  i seriously doubt there we would get away without some kind of reimbursement paid to them , which poses the question if it 's financially viable to even bother at all . 
  yet some results have been obtained . 
  but of course it is n't an instantaneous or easy strategy . 
   i 'm not talking about managing , i 'm talking about financing . 
  well both are often tied : you 'll have trouble convincing the region to pay most of the money in a project in which they have n't the last word . 
  there is no absolute , so `` everything '' is possible . 
  but still , it 's much much more likely/difficult to make it happen in lithuania than ukraine . 
  also the biggest reason is the motivation . 
  russia is n't out for blood and empire , the crimea annexion and donbass conflict were bold answer to a very specific crisis . 
  tussia have no interest ( or rather the cons are disproportionnaly overwhelming the pros ) in attacking/annexing nato countries . 
  well the use of firearms/physical force in case of imminent threat to the life of a citizen is n't really bothering : even civilians in basically every country have this right , no ? 
  the judicial prerogatives are concerning though . 
  `` completely impossible '' is too big a word . 
  but far less likely ?
