  modern does n't always equal good or bad , and old does n't always equal better or worse . 
  he used the exemple of pre-ww1 era because it was an extremely good example of a time were political leaders had close family ties , not necessarily to give it a negative connotation . 
  damn , the video is beautiful and impressive . 
  ca n't help thinking that in real time it must be a bit boring and repetitive , though ... 
  [ i know , that 's pretty cool , right ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgmcuaukdmg ), 
  no eiffel tower because the other buildings could n't handle the awesomeness !, 
  it was n't designed for this , though , and it is n't its main usage today . 
  if really you do n't want to consider this as a building , then consider this as an aesthetical construction or a work of art . 
  the thing is , in the first months after your election , you have a strong political capital . 
  you just received a mandate of the people , and there is unity and hope among your followers . 
  you can start a few things and avoid most of the normal internal opposition you would face . 
  after that , it quickly fade away and people start looking at the next elections . 
  you saw it in vost ? 
  but yeah , this is the film that made me respects depardieu as an actor and gave me a true and strong affection for the french language . 
  and yeah , the ressemblance is striking . 
  i think a lot of people had the vague idea that such a thing was going on . 
  definitively on the `` countries spying on an ` allied ' countries '' aspect , there was few delusions , i think . 
  but then again , that 's just my appreciation . 
  ] ( http://www.allocine.fr/video/player_gen_cmedia=19543059&amp;cfilm=5544.html ) ah , if only ... [ un homme a le droit de r\u00eaver ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ephonr9vwhw ), 
  well , it reflected the population 's reaction . 
  personnally , what surprised me was that it was a suprise for some . 
  i suppose most french people just shrugged hearing about the snowden 's `` revelations '' , said `` duh , we already knew '' and watched the small diplomatical drama it caused for a few weeks . 
  hum ... no , in fact she is n't really homophobic . 
  parhaps racist , but i think xenophobic would be more accurate . 
  and anti-dreyfusard ? 
  how is this accusation relevant in the 21st century ? 
  quite the contrary , it 's become a burden . 
  the weight of the `` old base '' is far outweighted by all the people that she could appeal to but that such provocation/bullshit discourage . 
  interesingly enough , there have n't been a lot of outrage in france about the `` spying scandals '' . 
  it 's used in french to generally mean `` uk and the us '' , or sometimes the us and the commonwealth . 
  i guess the closest equivalent would perhaps be `` anglophones '' , but that does n't seems right to put africans and indians in the same cultural/diplomatical bag than the uk and the us . 
  tl ; dr : `` anglo-saxons '' = `` albion and its spawns '', 
  oh , it does matter , on a military level . 
  it increase the casualties and the delay in the unlikely case of an invasion , allowing sufficient reinforcements to come before the opposing army can gain too much of a foothold. , in the case of a straightforward invasion . 
  in the case of an ukrainian-like `` hybrid war '' it gives you the ability to make such a conflict bigger , messier and noisier , potentially discouraging such a move and putting more pressure on nato-allies to intervene . 
  but honestly , i have perfect confidence in the solidity of nato . 
  any invasion will be fought and pushed back . 
  any hybrid war will met violent repression using special forces and develloped technological means . 
  it is n't just one eastern country ( however strong its ties with its western neighbors are ) which is at stake . 
  it is the geopolitical credibility of every nato power ( and in particular the us ) which would be reducted to nearly nothing . 
  nato is no tiger of paper , it is rock solid , and yes , putin knows it very well , or he would n't have gone to these lenghts to avoid the slightest possibility of ukraine entering nato . 
  well if america is interested i 'm sure we can sell them a few ... 
  thank you . 
  the french word for solvent is `` solvable '' . 
  hence the error . 
  do n't they have a ridiculously rich ( several , if i remember right ) sovereign fund ? 
  do n't they have a ridiculously huge growth making them far more solvable than a country like greece ? 
  well snowden is ~ ~ for the moment ~ ~ a living exemple that one can break state secrecy and avoid a truly nefarious fate , while gaining global notoriety and numerous friends at the same time than powerful ennemies . 
  what better way to convince someone than with [ a song in a language that they ~ ~ probably can not ~ ~ understand ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7xrlex0tie ), 
  hum ... there is several pros and cons here . 
  but before that this can even be seriously considered , israel would need to resolve in a satisfacting manner the palestinian problem and have good enough relations with its neighbors . 
  and i ca n't see that happening in a short or medium term . 
  so this option could n't be seriously considered and discussed before at least half a century i 'd say . 
  by that time the situation ( globally and locally ) will have evolved beyond the forseeable . 
  on the other hand it would send a very powerful message to any potential whistleblowers . 
  michel sardou , [ j' habite en france ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urzg88lj_bq ) , is a song about the clich\u00e9s on france , and france itself . 
  perhaps not pessimistic enough to really suits france , but the smugness is here !, 
  [ here is for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdxqvfzo-xe ), 
  divide and conquer , i see , albion ... 
  there seems to be some confusion here . 
  to me , it makes no doubt that each european nation is spying on every other . 
  i mean , why would it have bruttally stoped ? 
  every government need informations to decide , and more information leads to more everage in discussions . 
  and every nation try to help its economy by protecting its companies ' secrets and uncovering the others ' ones . 
  to be surprised that germany is spying on france , or that france is spying on germany , is like being surprised that the nsa is spying on us all . 
  the only thing worth noting/pressuring the german government here is that they did so to help the americans , against our interests and apparently , against the interest of their population and companies . 
  on the other hand it already proved its efficiency during the libya operation in 2011 . 
  well , to be honest that 's kind of a far , let 's - focus-instead-on-the-forseeable-future projection . 
  hence the `` for the moment ''  but a strong convergence between at least two countries is n't that impossible . 
  uk and france are going that way . 
  well , that is at the end , once there is a convergent enough foreign policy . 
  for the moment , some kind of hybrid solution is possible . 
  joint weapons projects , common actions , logistical and diplomatical support of each other ... etc, 
   so , for the meantime france , uk etc will be on their own when it comes down to any military action they take abroad , and the costs involved . 
  it seems unfair but i do n't see any other way . 
  or they can pressure the eu hard enough to get some sort of compensation . 
  that 's not impossible , that 's even how it often work . 
  the eu military force will only be possible with military convergence and foreign policy convergence . 
  and that 's going to come slowly , step by step . 
  what france propose would be one of those step . 
  do n't know . 
  they are basically trying to open the debate on the european level in fact . 
  look at the phrasing here : `` legitimate to think about '' . 
  i think that if this come to pass one of the european entity ( probably commission ) would chose or not which efforts are beneficiary to the eu and exempt them from public deficit calculs . 
  ( which could push operations to go an extra mile to protect the interests of others european nations , which seems like a positive development ) . 
  that 's why france seeks an agreement right now for the current and future operations . 
  technically france asked for help/joint european effort in mali ( and later car ) . 
  there was some logistical support by a few countries , and the common answer was basically `` meh '' . 
  we 'll be relevant or we 'll die trying !, 
  and even then , russia , did n't really proved its ability to project its power far beyond their borders . 
  luckily for them with the size of their country they can still be relevant in a lot of places . 
  but my point was rather that france and uk are kind of the ones `` securing '' europe 's interests beyond europe ( things are more complicated . 
  other countries are in the effort against somalians pirates for exemples ) . 
  on the other hand , they kept the ability to do so because they have more extra-european strong interests than the other european countries . 
  well , that 's because the author of that quote is the author of that thread . 
  on europe 's security ... honestly , uk and france , or even the rest of the eu 's countries combined could beat every belligerent neighbor if they had the stupid idea to really attack europe . 
  the issue is more keeping the other countries around kind of stable and not too much of a clusterfuck and possible base for bad-intentionned people ( like in irak/syria , libya , and like what would have been in mali if there had been no intervention ) . 
  and to protect europeans interests and citizens in other countries .
