  just an arbitrary limit at 50 points ? 
  glorious italian diplomacy !, 
  well , it did . 
  well i did , and quite often . 
  and looking at [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_ages_ ( historiography ) )  dark ages is a term of historical periodization traditionally meaning the middle ages . 
  [ ... ] the term once characterized the majority of the middle ages , or roughly the 6th to 14th centuries , as a period of intellectual darkness between extinguishing the `` light of rome '' after the end of late antiquity , and the rise of the italian renaissance in the 14th century.this definition is still sometimes found in popular use , but increased recognition of the accomplishments during the middle ages has led to the label being restricted in application . 
  since the 20th century , it is frequently applied to the earlier part of the era , the early middle ages ( c. 5th -- 10th century ) . however , many modern scholars who study the era tend to avoid the term altogether for its negative connotations , finding it misleading and inaccurate for any part of the middle ages . 
  the problem is that the terminology is already existing and used to depict the whole middle-age in the most unflatering light . 
  using this terminology with your own definition in head is both impractical for mutual comprehension and tend to carry misinformation . 
  plus the fact that the turmoil started before the fall of the western roman empire , affected different areas in different times , and the term is extremely euro-centric . 
  more precisely , this denomination `` dark ages '' , implying absolute superiority of antiquity in every/most domains and depicting the middle-age as a monolithic period , in comparison , of ignorance , superstition and complete regression is both simplist and ultimately incorrect . 
  okay , i think i 'll pick ethiopia . 
  the rest of the world need some love , and i ca n't stay unmoved by all these muslims and animists screaming their wish to become faithful coptic ethiopians . 
  for teamspeak i have no idea what to do though . 
  damn , i 'm really torn ... playing the pope , entering the hre , being best bud with the emperor and trying to create an italian alliance ( and probably getting wiped by more skilled players ) , or picking ethiopia , supporting / u/araknite as a bulwark against the green threat and trying to carve an african empire to rival these of asia and europe in the middle-late game ( but aside from the mamluks-ottomans action not seeing anything of what other players do ) . 
  dilemma ... 
   i think having a pope would make italy pretty crazy !, 
  we 'd have savoy/florence/naples / pope surrounded by switzerland/austria/france - certainly plenty of diplomacy and backstabbing to be done there . 
  ... i 'm not sure if you describe it as a good or a bad thing ... 
  great , i 'll be able to play . 
  i 'm hesitating though between taking an african nation like momotapa or ethiopia and be relatively safe in my corner but a bit isolated , and taking something like munster or the pope , in the middle of europe , unsure of my life expectancy but with an eye on wht is happening between players ... 
  source ? 
  we just lost corsica apparently , too . 
  they must have fled somewhere in the pacific while we were looking elsewhere . 
  would really like if arathian could approve someone taking the mantle instead this time , but as he 's really sick he perhaps wo n't see the messages . 
  in general there should probably be a planned `` substitute host '' in case the host have a problem/can ' t show up . 
  why do you instantly assume the wealth difference is a factor in the opinion exprimed ? 
  napoleon iv : this time , it 's personnal !, 
  eh , it 's pretty good !, 
  fucking bullshit `` no nation ruining '' mechanism !, 
  oh i ca n't takes any loans to fend off rebels ? 
  well thanks god then i guess i wo n't be able to ruin my country by saving it from collapsing !, 
  ... my adventures did n't go very well for me this session . 
  merci !, 
  also fucking come help france !, 
  we 're fighting a desesperate battle against an invading germany flag , and we 're in numerical inferiority !, 
  ( also / de / is apparently getting some help from some / r/the _ donald guys and americans who saw it on / r/all ), 
  eh , i 'd be critical of your comment on crises , as they can often be a moment of redistribution . 
  be it by a social movement or because of measures like nationalisations and heavy state investment are easier to conduct ( like for exemple france after ww2 ) . 
  also heavy donations ( like with bill gates , but if i wanted to go further the liquidation of great roman fortunes with the rise of christianism could be another exemple , in particular considering how plutocratic rome was ) tend to go against your trend , and familial wealth can get dissolved by a few negligent heirs . 
  we ca n't all have a weird yellow thing as flair . 
  uh uh , i 'm kilwa :p though carib have n't yet converted from what i saw . 
  hello there , new neighbor , peace be upon you !, 
  to a long , prosperous and peaceful cohabitation !, 
  though why be concerned over the danish invasion of england ? 
  though the europeans are relatively late , iberia wo n't be colonising and england is struggling , so there 's that . 
  never !, 
  kilwa better than denmark !, 
  * i 'll stay ahead of you ~ ~ a few more years ~ ~ forever !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ * in ^ ^ ^ ^ dev ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ depending ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ day, 
  more like conquest and stability * for kilwa , who quickly took over half of the great lakes , vassalised the other half , and then turned his gaze toward the insolent kongo , who decided to form a coalition comporting as prestigious and dangerous members himself , him , he and kongo turned against kilwa . 
  declaring war , the sultan crushed the kongolese in three successives battles , growing more and more desesperate . 
  when 44k kongolese soldiers ( bankrupting himself for a few more soldiers ) were routed , no , crushed by 25k kilwanese troops at the siege of kilwa ( an ultimate spasm ) , kongo finally surrendered . 
  let it be a lesson : mil tech 5 against tech 9 : not even once . 
  and so it was that kilwa took a fifth of kongo and two particularly juicy cities : i had conditionned his survival last session to the development of a province to get feudalism just next to the border , to offer me as a tribute . 
  he did so , and was spared . 
  but as specified , for one session only . 
  and the fear that he may find allies among the europeans pushed the sultan to not show more clemence this time . 
  after that , while colonialism and competent advisors put a strain on the finances ( the sultan even had to take a loan to squash some pesky rebels . 
  a loan !, 
  who ever heard of that !, 
  not me and my 5 gold mines , that 's for sure ) , there was enough time to execute an agreement concluded with ajuraan decades ago ( and who miserably failed last time we tried it because i could n't core far enough ) : in a simulation of war , kilwa obtained , at last , several arabian provinces ( in exchange of 350 ducats previously paid ) . 
  this trade road strong enough for kilwa , his gaze now turn toward the fabbled spice islands , where colonialism was born , and riches abound . 
  an expedition has been sent to establish a settlement near the declining nation of malacca . 
  but on this glorious , ambitious and promising project , that the sultan have been caressing for a while , a shadow is spreading : kutai , who is establishing himself as master of the islands , and who watch jalously what he considere his to conquer and colonise . 
  will a compromise be reached , or will the kilwanese nation have to divert a part of his considerable treasure to wage war and bath the spices with blood ? 
  tldr : kilwa became the 8th great power !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ * rebels ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ count, 
   progress always wins historical determinism does n't exist ... 
  so gp intervention create a `` separate war '' that stay even if the original warring parties peace out ? 
  why was it only you against muscovy , though ? 
   i discovered mil tech 7 the moment it did n't cost more than normal :d so did a substantial number of players i think . 
  i sure did , even if the rest of my region is behind on mili . 
  you hear that , kongo ? 
  * i can see you kongo , i can seeee youuu ... *, 
  well , this time my shenanigans failed ( could have avoided that if i had the dlcs to try scenarii with the save . 
  frustrating , really ) , and i spent a good chunk of the time crushing rebels ( i 'm so used to my ethiopian runs with plenty of missionaries ... 1 missionary at a time is so slow , even with fetishists , and going for low piety does n't help ) . 
  and god is renaissance spread slooooow . 
  should devellopped it but eh , already spent mp to get the mili tech 7 . 
  at least something is going relatively right . 
  well , two things . 
   should we keep the current schedule or make it a bit longer ? 
  for the love of god : yes !, 
  i mean , yes , make it longer . 
  and so fall the house of habsburg ... 
  that 's because it 's not in general but in the eu4 campaign channel . 
  ask / u/arathian or / u/jtalin to add you up . 
  do n't mind kilwa , just ~ ~ ploting ~ ~ growing in my corner ... 
   and besides , everyone just said `` bah '' when hollande cheated on valerie with julie gayet , this will be no different even if he left a woman for a man . 
  i do n't think it would be a scandal like it would in america , but it 's certainly not an asset . 
  the trierweiller/gayet thing was n't good for hollande 's pr either . 
  the possible problem would be that he is married , so i do n't see him proclaiming that he 's cheating on his wife . 
  in particular since he 's in a good position to get emperorship ( apparently 4 electors for bb and 3 for france ), 
  kilwa is so close of the 8th place !, 
   the ottomans now have free reign . 
  though if the southern muslim block hold strong and the europeans do n't discourage themselves there is still hope to crush the austrian satanist and the ottomanic appostate !, 
  ... if the tactics/realisation is done better , this time ... 
  the glorious sultanate of kilwa has united south-east africa and madagascar , ruling supreme on the trade node of zanzibar . 
  now the quick expansion stretched the ressources ( and monarch points ) of the country , who is so uncontested in its region that it ca n't do much but squash rebels and wait for the first idea set , and engage in some diplomatical shenanigans ( and for that some more vision of the world would be better , thanks ) . 
  also the sultan is watching with interest and enthusiasm the adventures of the north african islamic league for the rereconquista and the fight against the ottomanic apostate .
