  it is inevitable . 
  you are falling in the trap of historical determinism . 
  history has no direction and is n't a curb going somewhere , for all we know increased tensions and perhaps wars could torn geopolital entities apart , reduce the level of cooperation/communication between each , or who know what . 
  `` never '' is too strong a word . 
  internationalism/mondial governance is possible , but thinking you can achieve it just by weakening nationalism is stupid and dangerous . 
  there is many prerequites for it to happen and some vague feeling of belonging among the intelligentsia and talks loaded of historical determinism are simply not enough . 
  france should do more ? 
  i mean , i 'm all for an increase in the defense budget , but considering france 's military involvement ( currently and in the past years ) against islamists groups in africa and middle-east i 'd argue that france is currently the one doing the most . 
  which migration are you talking about exactly ? 
  because before the end of the third century it does n't seems to me one could say the locals were `` subjugated '' by external migrations . 
  rome had many troubles ( normal for a big empire ) but its major problem ( and ultimately what caused its weakness and disavantageous deals with external people ) was political instability . 
  if you want to point out physical insecurity , you should rather speak of civil wars . 
  well augustus did a good job , i think . 
  and louis the pious did what he could , but with high autonomy provinces , high agitation and problems with his heirs ... 
  yep , but i did n't thought it would be almost ignored . 
  the number of deads should n't have such an impact on the relevancy of news . 
  i heard at the radio ( it was just after the attack and i did n't get comfirmation ) that it was czech soldiers that reacted quickly and very well . 
  whoever they were , congrats to the ones who guarded the headquarters . 
  a bit surprised that this did n't receive more attention on / r/europe and reddit as a whole . 
  not enough innocents victims i guess . 
  well it 's a common military mission , not a mission for a common military , 
  it 's strange , really , to fail to understand that there may be cases where such interventions can profit both countries ? 
  regional instability , control by aqmi , mujao and others of north mali and perhaps the whole of mali is in the interest of neither malians nor french , so is this so hard to see that the intervention was beneficial to both ? 
  i do n't see your point , considering that in this occurence , this government was democratically elected . 
  i think this attack against the belgian police is largely undeserved , and quite obnoxious considering the context . 
  well , when i 'm saying `` trust '' , i 'm thinking about putin thinking `` what is this promise of france and germany to not let ukraine enter nato and eu worth ? '' . 
  if it 's judged too frail , then the option of invading/creating a conflict in eastern-ukraine to keep ukraine from joining nato can become much more appaling , the only mean to be certain of it in fact . 
  in lybia france managed to obtain from an extremely reticent russia its absention/non-veto for a un mandate , with the stated objective to create a no-fly zone to protect cyr\u00e9naique from kadhafi 's repression . 
  then the mandate was kind of stretched to cover a much heavier support of the rebellion and to remove kadhaffi , to the furor of the russian who felt betrayed by the false garantee of `` it 's just a no-fly zone '' , and heavily impacted the trust-level of russia in foreign affairs . 
  there is also the diplomatical profit/loss of each position , and with a seat on the unsc and a direct implication in syria , russia 's good will is objectively more `` useful '' to france than that of poland . 
  on the other hand european relationships are a delicate and long term thing , and poland is n't the only ee country concerned about russia . 
  though i 'd argue that western europe 's good relations with russia is n't necessarily a bad thing for ee . 
  i feel that if russia felt that it could trust its western europeans partners , maybe military intervention could have been avoided , in everyone 's best interests ( and perhaps a solution could have been found for syria ) . 
  but 2011 and libya 's intervention ruined a good chunk of our diplomatical capital with them . 
  yes i 'm aware of the caracal possible contract . 
  but like every military contract i 'd wait before it is done , as these things are quite fickle . 
  well the good explanation for the preponderance would be `` same name as st martin , very popular saint back then '' . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , orthodox priests are n't allowad to marry ( and have child ) , but married men/fathers are authorised to be ordained ( `` made priest '' , not sure of the translation for `` ordonn\u00e9s '' ) . 
  and bishops are necessarily celibate . 
  well old french is mostly the same ( just written funnily with `` y '' and `` f '' here and there . 
  obviously the more recent it is the more ressembling it is , but even medieval french is understandable , even if difficult ) and much older than napoleonic era . 
  its diffusion beyond the elites and some regions is indeed relatively more recent , really started with fran\u00e7ois ier and by napoleon the vast majority spoke it even if they spoke another local language ( still a few millions that did n't spoke it . 
  i 'll check the numbers if you 're interested ) . 
  11 billions for france ( 12 in 2012 ) , i would n't call that little . 
  and in the context of geopolitics , it 's important to see `` what do i gain '' vs `` what do i sacrifice '' . 
  russia is perceived as a threat by poland , so of course they are more willing to enforce sanctions , but france have no reason of its own to do so , and is only going in that direction because of european and atlantist alliances . 
  and i suppose some moral considerations and internal politics/public opinion as well . 
  the ukrainians fought mainly against corruption , then against excessive repression . 
  not because they all fell enamored with `` european values '' , even if the the government 's move on the european accord was the start of the contestation that became maidan . 
  and i 'd argue that in regard of corruption , they still have big problems in which they have an heavy responsibility . 
  on the other hand i 'm not sure this unholy blob has anything ressembling a back :p, 
  ottomans would probably accept , as war is going badly for him and he ca n't focus on two front . 
  so white peace would ride him of this troublesome ethiopia who attacked him in his moment of weakness . 
  for the alliance jumping rule : i ( hejaz ) have currently 1/2 alliance ( with hormuz ) . 
  ethiopia is fighting ottomans , and i wish to join the fight . 
  can i ally ethiopia to do so , as it does n't require me to cancel one of my alliance ( and that i am planning to ally ethiopia anyway ) ? 
  the alternative would be basically suicide , as even a crippled ottoman would crush hejaz in a separate war when the other conflicts are over . 
  you mispelled jean-yves le drian, 
   but you are assuming that the person to inherit the position is the best suited , which is honestly plain ignorant . 
  at no moment did i say he was the best suited . 
  i just pointed out a problem/inherent flaw with the democratic selection process . 
  seriously , is it possible to have a discution about the pros and cons of different political systems without being branded as a dangerous/stupid anti-democrat ? 
  nowadays we just dogmatically accept `` democracy is inherently good . '', 
  ( with , implied , `` our political system is democratic '' ) , without giving much thought to why is it good ( or if it is necessarily always the best system in every context ) , or what is democracy . 
  and as soon as you try discuting it and/or implying that perhaps democracy is n't pragmatically superior in every points and in every situation , or try debating the ideological fondations of democracy , you 're a primitive thinker/a fascist/an enemy of the people . 
  the problem is that a * lot * of people think that they are better suited , if not the best suited for this kind of job . 
  and that the ones emerging in the merciless competitions to determine which will get there are not necessary the better suited ( they are the best to get elected , but that does n't necessarily makes you the best head of state ) , and are tied by pacts and compromises with a good chunk of the political scene . 
  belgium and spain make it looks like it 's really useful to have a constitutionnal monarchy when facing a government crisis and/or strong sescessionists movements . 
   this is n't even isolated to poland as its basically what every part of the european right wants . 
  putting allies in every place is a temptation for every political powers , it 's not exclusive to the `` european right '' . 
  do n't you already have an island full of mafiosi ? 
  well there is at least programs to * detect * the arrival of big meteors . 
  also the probability of a catastrophic collision happening in the next decades is relatively low , and by then we 'll have better technological means to deal with it . 
  they 're going to peace out right at the start of the session ? 
  would turn ugly for the southern powers , unless ottomans are crawling in debts . 
  well you can always take some nearly irrelevant nation with either no players or a friendly player around . 
  personnally i picked hejaz and although i 'm doing badly my poor performance do n't risk to have a bad impact . 
   that we can discuss in a pm yeah , would n't want / u/kembell to know about your nefarious plan to attack tyrol :p, 
  well , perhaps the balance of power is more needed in europe than africa . 
  it 's true that if france-castille-savoy turn against italy ( franc is probably going to eat some more of england first though ) and crush them then we could see a pretty immobile balance of power with castille-france-ottomans as the big europeans players ( and maybe savoy . 
  and i do n't know about eastern europe ) . 
  on the other hand , african played countries would be nice , and could help against tunis and perhaps ottomans . 
  i do n't know , really . 
  can hejaz join ? 
  arabia , italy , both peninsulas , it 's the same !, 
  what do you mean `` filthy kebabs '' ? 
  i swear , we are the worst muslims ever !, 
  on the other hand , they * ca n't afford * not to attack the ottomans in their moment of weakness . 
  they are on venice 's border and with the taking of georgia and vassalisation of persia were really blobbing out of control . 
  it 's now or never , same reason why ethiopia ( and soon hejaz ) are attacking it by the south , even if it is dangerous , in particular in a separate war . 
  but yeah , savoy and france are a big threat , and the italians are in an uneasy position in the middle/long-term . 
  i would n't dare . 
  papacy-venise best western alliance . 
  hejaz is n't included either , but i do n't have any delusions of grandeur : beside fighting a sterile war against oman , going bankrupt and stagnating technologically i did n't do much before the end of the session :(, 
  is n't it slightly italian ? 
  a glorious tradition !, 
  also , italy being relevant . 
  it 's very nice !, 
  if you allow me , perhaps it would be better for the narration to use some past/use the present in a more dynamic way . 
  with everything in present and a stating tone i took some time to understand it was a chronogical narration and not an analysis of a final map .
