  oh le petit salopiaud !, 
  damn . 
  even i am pissed that he did n't take it !, 
  ah ah , yeah , when / r/europe speak of the most military relevant members states they nearly always mention poland and forget italy . 
  what 's happening here ? 
  i do n't see how these images and his frame translate into sloth and greed . 
  you 're just projecting your anti-clericalism . 
  though it would be more appropriate to speak of `` state '' or `` administration '' , then, 
  speak for yourself !, 
  revenge is a pretty strong anthropological pulsion , and cultures that go against it are the exception rather than the norm . 
  we just tend to take for granted or worse , universal , our cultural foundations . 
  appart from original border there are no good reasons to do so . 
  and coastal areas would be a mess . 
  no no , they were called parliaments . 
  they were just not at all what we call parliament today . 
  they were regional ( 12 , paris was very big ) , was filled by nobles and bourgeois who bought the charge and it exerced a judiciary and legislative role . 
  any law that the king made had to be registered by every parliaments to be applied . 
  the parliaments had many tools to block the king 's policies if they so wanted and going agains them too brutally could result in dangerous troubles . 
  dream team . 
   because he kept getting persuaded by every influential person in his court to do whatever they wanted . 
  more like the parliaments kept blocking his reforms . 
  sacramentaly they are bishop for life . 
  but the attribution of the diocese linked to andorra is competely amovible . 
  yes , but that 's beside the point : `` mono '' = `` one '' . 
  if you get a triumvirat for exemple , they should n't be on a list of monarchs , regardless of their title , counts , princes or kings . 
  always go for south america ( two attack points , 3 reinforcement ) and then try to go for the more contest north america . 
  if i win this , i get 7 continent reinforcement for only 3 attack points.oceania is also a possibility if no other smart-ass put some effort into it . 
  asia is an impossible nightmare to keep . 
  `` rewarding incompetence '' ? 
  that 's an unnecessary hyperbole here . 
  without saying it should be the predominant criteria , ensuring better commercial balance is an appreciable thing . 
  i think it 's the fact that economy is utterly depand of people reactions . 
  if there is plenty of different players ( states , companies , consulers ... ) with different possible reactions to both the conjecture and * your * actions , you ca n't have a `` good model '' that ensure you positive results . 
  so ... it 's like a three-body problem but with celestial bodies trying to outsmart you ? 
  the reputation is also because of qatar and `` if you come you can only quit the country if your employer/supporting qatarian agree '' law . 
  which is preeetty close to * de facto * slavery . 
  it 's a way to publicly show your disaproval , a `` retaliation '' by shrinking bilateral ties , which hurt a bit both sides . 
  a bit like light sanctions , but diplomatically . 
  plus media talk about it in both country . 
  the concept of diplomatic capital do have a lot of common with basic psychology/human reactions . 
  also poliiticians tend to have a sharp mind ( we can mock them , but you do n't get so high in the ladder by being stupid ) and a good ability to seduce people ( normally for voters , donors and journalists , but it has its perks ) . 
  there is plenty of state payment that only concern part of a population , though , it 's what national solidariy is about . 
  i admit that there is probably a legitimate discussion to have on the opportunity of this construction , but the tone of the comments ( `` it 's just ego-stroking '' , `` yeah , we are religious because we are dumb in romania '' , `` it 's an absolute waste of money and is completely useless '' ... ) clearly show the anti-theist bias , making such a discussion vain . 
  i mean , it 's / r/europe , so i 'm not surprised . 
  just leave a bad taste in my mouth . 
  it have an aesthetic utility and fulfill a need/want of a substantial part of the population . 
  you do n't like it and do n't want to use it ? 
  fine . 
  but stop circlejerking your anti-theism on it and every thread related from close or far to religion , please . 
  diplomatic incidents are used as pretexts or `` spark '' , they 're not the motor behind a war . 
  i think that 1 ) we have strong divergences on how international incidents are handled and 2 ) have strong divergences on the risks of putting to much weght on comparisons that are ( it is the nature of comparisons ) ultimately flawed and really here not that relevant . 
  spain is not putinist russia or junta-led argentina . 
  the uk is not crumbling , regime-torn , former area-of-influence ukraine . 
  and gibraltar is not thousands-of-kilometers away falklands nor geostrategically essential crimea . 
  discussing likely scenarri , yes ( because `` planning contingency '' does n't really suit armchair internet commentators ) , but on credible scenarii . 
  otherwise you lose time and stress on things that are near-absolutely sure to never happen . 
  making catastrophic scenarii is useless , and this one is neither likely nor credible . 
  countries do n't enter in a war like this , on an accident.there is diplomatical and economical tools before military ones , in particular in our time , to fkex muscle otherwise . 
  countries enter a war if they deem that they have a cost/benefit interest in doing so and plan a bit before this . 
  wwi did n't happened just because of franz-ferdinant 's assasination , it was just the sparks but the players were moving for years preparing for that . 
  spain and the uk both know gibraltar is n't worth military conflict by any metric . 
  they do n't even judge it worh an economical conflict and just worth a minor diplomatical conflict . 
  yeah , no , you are overconcerned . 
  it 's not about the parliamentary vote , it 's the council , so the governments of the member states . 
  but it needs 4/5 , then unanimity of the council to actually allow for the revocation of rights . 
  and unanimity on such a subject is very easy to bloc . 
  though it is a 4/5 majority to determine there is a * clear risk * and start an official interrogation of the member state . 
  but it is the unanimity to determine there is a breach , and thus give ground to a qualified majority to revoke some rights . 
  the unanimity make it near impossible . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't related in the efficiency of an army , but they are clearly different . 
  for exemple when you sell combat-tested weaponry you do n't sell your logistics with it . 
  so saying `` weaponry '' when you mean `` logistics '' was a bit confusing  also , `` combat-tested army '' is not an absolute but apply to specifics scenario . 
  the french army is battle-tested for small-scale power projection on medium/long-distance . 
  and the us army is n't battle-tested in absolutely every scenarii , for exemple for large-scale high-intensity conflict ( and fortunately so , we can do without ww3 ), 
  though you were speaking of combat tested weaponry , and are now rather speaking of combat tested logistics . 
  two different things . 
  it 's one base , and a few c-130 . 
  and it 's still to be done , or to be proven useful/efficient and not just a purely politic move . 
  paris was one of the biggest city of christendom , though . 
  at a moment it was by far the biggest . 
  well to be honest in africa everybody use bribery as a method of habit , and if you do n't you never get any contract . 
  ruining the drafted people 's lives is perhaps a bit of an hyperbole , do n't you think ? 
  you can defend and run more easily from a knife than a gun , so i 'd argue it makes a difference . 
  but the buying price is not the production price . 
  you need to spread the cost of r&d , so the bigger the production , the thinner the r&d cost/plane . 
  the maintenance cost and how greedy/desesperate to sell your plane you are also play a big part . 
  well there was other possibilities , but other european planes have foreign parts that can be embargo'ed and buying more russian planes would make india too dependant of russia ( also they are not as industrially reliable , with timelines for example ) . 
  edit : and there was the idea of a made in india plane but india is far from being able to do it yet ( at least not of this quality ) . 
  also for another point of view : f-35 is cheaper than rafale ( can spread the cost on a much bigger production ) but with the rafale there is far less risks to lack plane components by ending up against the provider 's foreign policy ( for exemple france did n't embargo india contrary to the usa ) . 
  there are several factors involved in the choice . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.quora.com/india-did-india-make-the-right-decision-in-choosing-the-dassault-rafale-over-the-eurofighter-typhoon ) is an interesting in depth answer . 
  not if there was so of formal or unformal agreement between the usa and the ussr `` as long as you do n't nuke the ussr , we do n't nuke america '' . 
  that was a real concern for europeans , in particular ( if i remember right ) toward the end of the cold war and the improvement of tactical missiles . 
  the problem is we risk creating some kind of microcosm , a `` state within the state '' , at least in term of mentality for the people there . 
  a bit like paris in france , but worse . 
  i am doubtful avout this `` never '' : if nato nuke the ussr , then they already got fallout , might as well bomb western europe . 
  and the fallout is not the worse part of the explosion . 
  when dealing with history , simplification is the most vicious and insidious ( also most common i 'd say ) way to misunderstanding , and the best tool of historical revisionism , voluntary or unvoluntary . 
  if we use history as a starting ground to understand our surroundings , then we must clear historical misconceptions when they come in the way of understanding . 
  of course , i 'm but a human , and most time i just cringe or shrug and go my way , but sometimes it 's so redundant that i ca n't help posting a correction , not because i 'm `` mad '' but because it 's an occasion for everyone reading this to gain , hopefully , a better understanding of the event .
