  the joint carriers have been canceled : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_aircraft_carrier_pa2 . 
  cost us at least 100 millions euros for nothing ... 
  or not . 
  a nuclear hezbollah would mean a hezbollah able to treat with iran as an equal on a military level . 
  that 's not in iran 's interests . 
  the pakistan is much more porous and have more risk seeing terrorists get their hands on a nuclear weapon than iran . 
  we would have done it before . 
  i discover one more interesting feature of the reddit demography in this comment section . 
  * children ? 
  not in my backyard !, 
  i 'm not that sure that nuclear iran would be worse than nuclear pakistan . 
  but yeah , one more nuclear country , and one quite warmongering and not necessarily stable in the foreseable future is not a good thing . 
  [ insert `` no-go zones '' joke here ], 
  on strike . 
  such injustice . 
  let me clear the semantical ambiguity , then ( which is always a good thing to do when needed ) . 
  by `` the people of europe '' i meant `` the majority of the populations of the countries which choose to enter european union '' . 
  and i did they `` i think '' . 
  certainty is a difficult thing to achieve , as polls are changing and sometimes contradictory . 
  if one country does n't want to stay in the eu , like the uk , then they should be ( and are ) free to go . 
  i do not think it is in its best interests , but i understand the possible reasons for this . 
  and honestly , i 'd prefer to have the uk as a good neighbour that as a reluctant and insufferable roommate . 
  '' * ever * closer '' union is a bit too strong of a word . 
  much stronger union would probably be better . 
  but i digress . 
  i think that the people of europe do want a closer union . 
  they want to become stronger , more independant and more relevant as a whole . 
  now the question is `` how much closer ? 
  '' , which is a much more difficult question to answer and depends on the european countries , and is open to change in the coming years and is not a fixed truth . 
  i perfectly agree with your diagnosis . 
  does n't invalidate the concept of the eu , though . 
  only mean that it should be done more carefully , by putting much more efforts on the feeling of belonging to a common entity . 
  more focus on the integration of the people , rather than the integration of the structures of decisions . 
  the ability to reform of some of our neighbours have already been mentionned . 
  i 'd add a more optimistic mindset from ... well , every country , polls put us among the worst pessimists when we consider the situation of our country ( but paradox , we are often quite happy with our own lives ) . 
  the fact that patriotism ( love of one 's country ) is quite frowned upon when it is a necessary step to fight against individualism ( even if in intoxicating doses , it leads to ultra-nationalism and is an obstacle to european integration ) . 
  the historical continuity of the uk : it got better , but a substantial amount of french ( a part of the left and the far-left ) still consider that france truly began in 1789 ( and let 's put under the carpet one century of politcal instability , wars and changes of regimes ) and consider the kings of france as tyrants . 
  and i 'm still a little bitter on the damage caused by the revolution on the patrimony . 
  a smoother transition from absolute monarchy would have been so much better . 
  but honestly , what makes me really jealous is the cultural victory of the anglo-saxons . 
  they get to have their language as the universal language !, 
  they get to avoid to have to pass by the treason that is translation to propagate their culture !, 
  they get to have this formidable tool of expansion and exportation for their cultural productions like music and litterature!you can take the economical victory that you fought so much for if you want , but managing to impose your language as the lingua franca between not only rulers but people ? 
  it should have been us !, 
  uuuusss !, 
  see ? 
  it 's already better than me . 
  on the other hand , i can say `` ich spreche deutsch , aber nur ein bischen '', 
  i 'd say she is well considered ( you do n't get much better than kicking british invaders ' asses :p ) , but outside of the praticing catholics and the nationalists , she have a modest part in the collective imagination . 
  then again , i am from orl\u00e9ans ( which was liberated by joan of arc and was the only area which retained a strong memory of her until historians ressucited it in the xixe ) , we got a statue of her in each church and each year since 1431/1432 we have the [ f\u00eates johanniques ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%aates_johanniques_d'orl%c3%a9ans ) . 
  the revolution is a good exemple of the danger of too much ideology in the government . 
  you 've got ideologists endig up taking power , justifying massives purges/execution for `` the good of the people '' and killing each other to promote their ideas and themselves until the most reckless guys are the ones in charge . 
  ransom is a substantial mean of financement for terrorist groups . 
  an well negociated hostage 's life can be worth a few millions . 
  even with several hundreds of dollars , that mean a lot for african groups . 
  and the terrorists do n't use the ransom to laid back and to retire . 
  they pay their men , engage more guys , buy weapons , explosives , cars , and expend their activity . 
  and as you mentionned , it push them ( and every other group ) to kidnapp more hostage . 
  ransoms just makes the terrorists more dangerous for the locals and the foreigners . 
  i understands that it is hard for the hostages and their families , but the hard reality is that it is n't worth paying the ransom to save one life and to endanger the lives of dozens of other people . 
  i agree that the wording made me tick . 
  one the other hand , we have a slight responsibility in the actions of our army because we give money for the government ( and thus the defence budget ) and that we have some influence on the policies of our government . 
  of course it is meager and some could say negligible in the grand scheme of things . 
  but if we are to have some societal cohesion , a slight amount of collective responsibility is n't a bad thing in my opinion . 
  and in the occurence , mark of gratitude like this will perhaps make people less reluctant to increase our defence spending which have been decreasing to an alarming state for decades . 
   inedible food oh the irony !, 
  hum ... honestly , considering the standards back then , our kings were quite good . 
  the relationship between the king and his subjects was more ... affective/paternal than the royal norm , and the kings were supposed to uphold a model \u00e0 la saint louis ( louis ix ) , protector of an impartial justice and of the well-being of the country and its subjects . 
  of course , human nature is what it is , and machiavelism is common among all governments , but still , the capetians and valois were relatively good as a whole . 
  i always tought that [ philippe le bel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_iv_of_france ) was kind of a dick ( for exemple , he persecuted the knight templars to get his hands on their goods and send one of his man slap the pope ) and [ charles vi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_vi_of_france ) had crises of demence ( so yeah , technically the craziest ruler our country had . 
  but he was still known as `` the beloved '' ) . 
  i think the worst ruler we got are probably to find in the terror ( period of the french revolution ) . 
  for exemple : [ maximilien robespierre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maximilien_robespierre#legacy_and_memory ) ( who still was n't the worst of the crazy guys who got power in the ensuing chaos of the revolution . 
  a good chunk of the far-left have some more favorable view on him , but i think it 's safe to assume the rest does n't have a good opinion of this quite dangerous and bloody-handed person . 
  to quote wikipedia , which quote himself :  his goal in the terror was to use the guillotine to create what he called a ` republic of virtue ' , wherein terror and virtue , his principles , would be imposed . 
  he argued , `` terror is nothing more than speedy , severe and inflexible justice ; it is thus an emanation of virtue ; it is less a principle in itself , than a consequence of the general principle of democracy , applied to the most pressing needs of the patrie . 
  '' [ 74 ] if you ask which one we are universally ashamed of : [ philippe p\u00e9tain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippe_p%c3%a9tain ) , an old mar\u00e9chal hero of ww1 who advocated for the armistice , made france take the path of collaboration , and became a weak-willed puppet in the nazis ' hands . 
   mostly because of de gaulle being his usual chauvinistic self . 
  i 'm not sure that wanting independance and sovereignty for his country qualify of chauvinism . 
   the cold war ended decades ago yet you still have american bases in the uk , germany , spain , italy , portugal , greece ... why is that ? 
  because of geopolitical/diplomatical inertia . 
  entering into an alliance is seen as a big step toward one 's partner but quitting an alliance create friction . 
  that , and the fact that nato is quite convenient for nations who just want a defensive military effort . 
   when it comes to realpolitik , the eu is a non-entity subservient to usa . 
  well , that 's where some distinction is useful . 
  when it comes to realpolitik , the eu is virtually absent . 
  but the nations-states composing it are present , active and have some substantial independance . 
   and well , can you imagine usa getting involved into another korean war ? 
  why ? 
  i can see plenty of reason for the usa considering another korean war as a bad idea . 
  i think that you can too . 
  for exemple , preserving peace and stability for south korea , and avoiding something akin to irak war 's economical and political cost . 
  and having a huge chunk of public debt is a good leverage to pressure another big player , but it is far from being the only one . 
  usa-china relationship is n't as unbalanced as you make it seems by saying `` usa needs no counterweight because it 's already owned by china . '', 
  ps : for the record i too think that the usa is a far better main partner for us than china or russia , but an unbalanced relationship like the one we currently have is n't wishable from an european viewpoint . 
  i am just disagreeing on the scale of the unbalancement that you mentionned , as i dislike hyperboles and simplifications when discuting complicated matters between serious people . 
  well , they are probably doing it better than most of the rest . 
  but nothing really exceptionnal in nature . 
  france for exemple is certainly part of `` the rest '' . 
  well , there is n't american military bases in france .
