  on the other hand , ceo are even more limited in their moves by their board/actionnaries than national leaders are by their voters/opponents . 
  making the association `` everybody does n't follow his teachings concerning gay marriage and abortion '' and `` no one really listen to him '' is quite dishonest/incorrect , though . 
  and the religious sphere is n't without contact with other human activities , even if it does n't have the monopole of influence . 
  to be exact , though , the catholic church do n't view the orthodox church ( assuming it 's not orthodox churches who diverged at the early council of the first centuries ) as `` heretical '' but as `` schismatic '' . 
  the theology is mostly the same and the sacraments are considered valid ( if you marry/get baptised in the orthodox church then convert to the catholic church you are considered already baptised/married for the catholic church ) . 
   it 's human nature ftfy, 
  damn , would be extremely creepy if that was the case , and that the men in arms were patrolling in public areas for a private security company . 
  the term `` war '' is highly improper , and induce many false ideas . 
  a war have a start and a defined end , whereas the struggle against ideologically driven groups is there as long as the ideas are there , and the ideas can not be fully extinguished by violence alone . 
  you can not point an opponent , `` declare war '' and hope to destroy him : you can weaken him , reduce the threat , and keep the fight until the ideas die out in several decades , centuries or millenia , and accept a low number of victims as a possibility like agression or mortal accidents . 
  not saying that we should n't spent money , men and liberties in this struggle , but the state ressources and public/media scutinity terrorism receive is completely demesurate ( compared to say , organised crime , that do much more human and material damage , or even road safety ) , and it plays right into the hands of the terrorists . 
  even more antireligious and left-leaning than / r/europe . 
  basically overwhelming left and far-left points of view and almost no right and far-right ones . 
  also , faaaar too much people having heavy interest/knowledge of informatic subjects and internet culture to be representative . 
  i do n't think so . 
  / r/france certainly is n't representative of french youth . 
  historically religion has been a big motivation to try to understand and describe the world , and not just survive and get wealthy/powerful/honored . 
  the network of intellectuals in europe was possible because of christianism acting as a transnational factor and the church pushing for conservation/diffusion of knowledge ( copism and pontifical universities being good exemples ) . 
  not that much : which proportion of the youth of european countries is fluent enough in english ? 
  and how representative is that proportion of the generation ? 
  also , peer pressure in a community strongly affirmative/agressive on this subject tend to reppel and coerce theists and attract and encourage atheists and antitheists . 
  younger * anglophone * demographics . 
  so even less representative for non-anglophone countries . 
  and then there is the self-powering effect of peer pressure : if you come on a website/sub where people are massively against ( and sometimes agressivelly so ) your views and beliefs then it can be hard to find pleasure in staying on this sub . 
  thus a higher concentration of people of the same views and beliefs getting more and more affirmative ( and sometimes vindicative ) as they are preaching to the choir . 
  the only way to keep the vicious circle at bay is to try to excerce its critical thinking if you are a part of the crowd and if not to be strong enough to stay and face the crowd again and again each time a subject rise . 
  and politeness from each side really help to weaken the depressing and frustrating helpless minority feeling . 
  i am but a poor kindred soul lost just like you in this sea of dogmatism !, 
  you can go to / r/askhistorians if you want a break from time to time , that 's what i do when the burden of isolation is too great ( and also because there is such good content ) . 
  welcome in the private club of those able to separate the question of the existence of god and the analysis of religion 's effects on society . 
  here is your `` i am not alone ! '', 
  plush , and the years of frustation cringing on reddit are just forward . 
  it 's actually quite common to have different military number : depending of the source , for the same year , france can be at 1,9 % or 2,1 % ) . 
  it is because `` d\u00e9fense spending '' have some vague frontiers , and differents entities can chose to let some spending outside of this denomination wether others do n't . 
  and she already have a daughter !, 
  oh , yeah , sorry , that 's the french term/francisation for denmark . 
  in the same kind , sweden = su\u00e9de , norway = norv\u00e9ge and germany = allemagne . 
  i did say `` alone '' . 
  there is no even sligthly likely scenario where danemark would have to fight a conventional ground warfare without its nato allies at its side , in particular regarding the defense of its national security . 
  and even in this scenario , investing in the navy before all is the best move to protect danemark , unless the attack is coming from germany , but at this point the ratio likelihood/investment needed is just completely ridiculous . 
  as soon as i saw this thread i thought of this song and scrolled thinking `` before posting this , let 's see what my compatriots put there '' . you makes me proud . 
  it should be noted , though , that a lot of the fun is lost to the viewer who does n't understand french . 
  which seems like a sound , or at least understandable d\u00e9cision , no ? 
  i given denmark position , it does n't have the need of a polyvalent military able to act alone in a conventional war . 
   america is a new world country based on immigration . 
  it 's not exactly the same , they can be way more open to multiculturalism . 
  all countries are going to be more multicultural and american though , no matter how much they try to protect their identity . 
  it 's just globalization . 
  if it 's not through migration it 'll be through the media , brands and products , the internet , people studying and working abroad , etc. 
  the world is going to keep getting smaller and we 'll have to face global issues ; so even though all those identity questions are important , we 're certainly obsessing a little too much about it . 
  or , from another point of view , the world is becoming monocultural . 
  it should also be noted that de gaulle expressed himself in a context of homogenous societies where basically race = culture . 
  and de gaulle was not in opposition to the emigration/citizenship of `` black '' / `` yellow '' people as such , rather in opposition to a massive change in france 's culture that would cause a french algeria and the subsequent high natality of the `` non-white '' ( i.e culturally not european ) that would be too big of a flow to be assimilated by france quickly enough . 
  internally : a strong state , quite interventionnist ( this aspect is generally ignored/forgotten nowadays when using the word gaullism ) , a contempt for systems dominated by political parties and a focus on the national community , united ( thus patriotism ) and giving a strong mandate to a president staying above the petty disputes of everyday politics . 
  externally : an independant france , bowing to no one , having the will and giving itself the means of conducting a fully independant foreign policy , which lead to having its own nuclear deterrent and keeping the ability to project power alone , and not letting itself being intimidated/coerced by another state ( the usa in particular ) . 
  tl ; dr : gaullism = geopolitical independance and strong state with a `` republican monarch '' . 
  so in 18 years they are gon na lose constantinople ? 
  * nom nom nom * more land * nom nom nom * must empire, 
  yeah , long answer ah ah , but it 's fine . 
  interestingly the above mentionned reasons are why germany , with many old persons with saving , is against devaluation and have refused to go in this direction . 
  in france ... i suppose the appeal of economic growth outweigh many other preoccupations ( unemployement is since many years the foremost issue felt and discussed here ) . 
  also the fn is n't just a party for elderly , it managed to rally a good chunk of the youth . 
  and the fn 's speech is n't purely economic ( in fact their economic program is n't much discussed , and their is kind of a double language toward their northern and southern electorate ) : immigration and identity issues are probably what appeal more to the old people with savings . 
  devaluation makes your exportations more competitive , so it boost the commercial balance . 
  it does n't `` takes away a part of your wealth '' , it increase the price of every imported product . 
  devaluation is n't necessarily a bad economical decision , it even works well if your partners do n't engage with you in a devaluating race and beat you to it . 
  perhaps you are thinking about inflation ? 
  supporting/funding politicians and ngo in your area of influence is a very old , very used tactic that is more a tool of influence than a prelude to annexion . 
  and in term of ratio benefits/losses , crimea then donbass are complety different from an hypothetical baltic conquest . 
  seriously , ukraine had no alliance , was partly in russia 's pocket , and was in the middle of strong institutionnal confusion . 
  getting crimea , keeping access to a warm sea and popularity to 80 % vs temporarily moderate loss of diplomatic capital and some economic losses . 
  for baltic countries it 's another port in a strategically mediocre sea and getting a small amount of territory vs risking weakening/collapse of russia by conventionnal defeat or nuclear conflict at worse , strong and durable loss of diplomatic capital , substantial economic losses , having to deal with riots/insurrections in the baltics for the next decades . 
  it 's natural for a neighbor to be nervous , but latvia is not crimea , and eu/nato are not ukraine . 
  following the logic , the critic should be against a particular religious idea taken to the extreme rather than religion . 
  though i would n't say `` demonstrate '' , as correlation is n't causation . 
  beheading was quite a common practice through history , and presenting the head to impress/dissuade too . 
  hardly particularly bound to an ideology , and the use of the term `` barbarism '' ( i.e. 
  `` what goes against the moral consensus of my society '' ) is pretty anachronic when used to qualify history . 
  to be honest your last posts are n't exactly favoring/encouraging discussion and debate , even if i see your point . 
   does the france have an end-goal where it says `` ok , we 're done , we 'll stop now '' ? 
  world domination . 
  we missed our last shot in the 19th century , but we 're still biding our time and moving our pawns : with brexit we 'll be the undisputed military leader of the eu . 
  we 're giving the change with seemingly inept politicians , but before you can even realise we 'll be taking back the colonies and campaining in italy . 
  [ i fail to see the link between religion and beheading ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=louis+xvi+head&amp;client=ms-android-wiko&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjzs7meyjvqahvd1rqkhzxxdqgq_auiccgb&amp;biw=570&amp;bih=239&amp;dpr=1.5#imgrc=es-pwa0rvhujnm%3a ), 
  i know it 's bad , but i 'd say youtube comment are still below . 
  not a very high accomplishment though . 
  checked a bit , and he 's even older than liz ii . 
  he actually served in ww2 . 
  quite an interesting fellow . 
  there 's a compromise to reach somewhere between accuracy and transmission , i guess . 
  an hereditary system does n't mean monarchy . 
  monarchy , by definition is about one guy in power . 
  and it does n't even necessarily imply hereditary , it could be an elective monarchy . 
  an aristocratic ploutocracy would be a better term to descrive what you mean . 
  possible , but even if it 's the case i would n't want one to believe that / r/france is an exception and be disapointed . 
  he 'll mostly read political rantings and cynical humor there , though, 
  `` needed '' is a bit too strong of a word . 
  they could have done without , but it would have been a bit longer and costier , and america proposed some airlift capacity , so france accepted . 
  there is a weakness , but certainly not an incapacity, 
  thank you !,
