  one more factor to consider could be the side effect of the utility of this language outside europe . 
  in this case the two more helpful ones are spanish and french , in latin america and africa respectively , and you already know spanish , so that 's one more point for french . 
   i 've never been one to think that the french were inferior during wwii . 
  to me , i do n't think anyone would have put up much of a fight against a full strength blitzkrieg from the germans at the beginning of the war . 
  they had the best technology and the best morale going into it , in my opinion . 
  we had quite an army , but to be honest : - our technology , while very good , lacked a bit in the communication field . 
  and our encryption system , while recently updated , had been cracked by the german . 
  - our tank doctrine sucked ( yeah , let 's use our tanks as mere support for our infantry and disperse them among our divisions ) - our defensive doctrine sucked ( line maginot all the way !, 
  except where they passed . 
  because surely they wo n't invade belgium twice , uh ? ), 
  - our political will was atone and paralysed with the fear of war in the face of the inevitable ww2 . 
  we should have intervened as soon as they broke the versailles treaty conditions that prevented the possibility of a ww2 , like the reconstruction of the german army or the remilitarisation of the rh\u00e9nanie . 
  we should have send our army when we declared war to hitler ( that actually surprised him , he was planning the war only in 1940 ) . 
  we even could have resumed the fight with all the colonies that we had , our armies there and one of the greatest navy of the time . 
  but we did nothing of that . 
  best technology , perhaps . 
  best morale , i do n't think so . 
  on the other hand , france completely won the contest in term of strategic mistakes . 
  it 's funny because when i considered the question , i thought `` well , that 's gon na be hard ... italy ? 
  germany ? 
  britain ? 
  perhaps a bit of spain ? '', 
  and then i realised that i considered that saying `` belgium '' was kind of cheating . 
  like saying `` luxembourg '' or `` monaco '' . 
  i think that if we consider belgium as a relevant candidate ( sure , it 's not the same size , and it has not been an historical entity in the way our others neighbours are , but that 's not really relevant to the question asked , technically ) , then it takes the cup easily . 
  the fact of sharing ( even partially ) our language is such a big cultural jump ... and belgium injected a lot culturally in france . 
  i mean , come on , i should n't have to say more than `` tintin and jacques brel '' !, 
  if we take out belgium of the competition , then i 'll probably hesitate between germany and britain . 
  i do n't think that italy would work , because not only it really appeal only to the south of france , but italy itself is culturally divided , and southern italy is even more different from france that northern italy which is a better candidate . 
  kind of the same thing for spain , with the addition that spain cultural influence/similarity is even more limited to southern france than italy . 
  in the end all of this is relative , of course . 
  i think the difference of importance accorded to both wars in france ( i could perhaps extand it to a certain measure to the rest of europe ) and america explains a lot about the respective perceptions of war . 
  it seems to me that ww2 is given as a model of `` just war '' , and create such an image in the collective psyche that can be invoked to create support for a military intervention or defense spending . 
  in france ww2 have the shamefull connotation of the collaboration , only partially redeemed by the r\u00e9sistance . 
  france is seen more as a bystander/quickly disqualified player than an actor in the war itself , just being present on the international scene at the prologue and the epilogue . 
  the historical impact nowadays is , all things considered , rather limited : the vichy regime is a rethorical tool used by some when throwing accusations of xenophobia , racism or facism . 
  it provides some more ammunition for national self-depreciation ( we 're good at that ) . 
  it is a remainer that if we really wish for peace we can not just unillateraly decide it but that we need to actively work for it ( not humiliate a people , not put our heads in the sand when things go badly ... ) . 
  ww1 on the other hand completely changed europe 's view on war , and to our days this view is still transmitted to our children . 
  ( as a personnal note : i think that we are not sufficiently conscient of how particular this view is and that it is n't necessarily shared by other countries outside of europe . 
  but it goes for the rest of our cultural perceptions as well : too often i see people and politicians consider that the culture is just the way people eat and dress , when it is about a whole perception of the world/reality . 
  but i digress ) ww1 is the perfect exemple of the senseless war . 
  after studying a bit ww1 , every person will reach the following conclusions : war is an absolute horror ( it is a thing to hear it like this , it is another to hear and see the stories of men dying by thousands in the mud , blood , powder and gas ) . 
  nationalism is dangerous and with some propaganda and chauvinism can create completely unjustified conflicts . 
  there is not winners in such a war : it was a collective suicide . 
  ww1 created an horror of war that caused the `` cowardice '' and the lack of political will to intervene of the french in ww2 . 
  and ww2 did n't completely erased it , it just nuanced it . 
  in the end , ww1 was , in a way , the `` war to end all wars '' in europe : conquest and power plots were no longer sufficient to legitimate/motivate a war . 
  at least in france , the memory of ww1 makes nationalism and even patriotism suspect . 
  the image of war as an horror and a total waste of life , ressources and happiness is quite present in european psyche . 
  yeah , i ca n't help but think that the hundreds of thousands/millions of dollars that end up in the hands of the kidnappers will allow them to buy more weapons and vehicles , pay more men and give them the means to resume stealing , raping and killing locals , not even speaking of encouraging them to take more hostages . 
  and the problem is that there is n't really a public debate on this , because who would dare to say to their family : `` no , we must not free your relative at all cost , and must sacrifice her/him to avoid the loss of other human lives '' ? 
  the government ( and ultimately the president ) are alone in this matter.truly , heavy is the head that bear the crown ... 
  it makes much more sense to consider the agglom\u00e9ration , and not just the administrative delimitation , if you 're looking at the demographical weight at the national scale . 
  and by this criteria paris is ridiculously big compared to others french cities , just like london . 
  silly british and their ridiculously big and centralising capital !, 
  go on ... 
  yeah , but you would n't want to let facts get in the way of a good opportunity for reddit to mock religion and religious people , would you ? 
  i 'm not sure to get your point ( if point there is ) or even if you did n't partially misunderstood me . 
  would you care to devellop/explicit ? 
  people are heavily influenced by their surrounding and by their compatriots ' view , they are shaped by it , be it by adhesion or by reaction . 
  of course i am speaking on the general level , but it is what matters when we are speaking of the impact of ideas/convictions/principles / points of view on people . 
  on average , an italian have far more to share culturally with a fellow countrymen than , let 's say , a saudian or a chinese . 
  nationality is not the only factor to intervene in one 's perception , but it is a powerful one . 
  i do n't have a problem with an eventual feeling of belonging to a bigger community in itself , but i have a problem with the idea that if you destroy nationalism/patriotism , people will reach for a bigger community . 
  they seems to rather fall back on smaller communities . 
  as long as there is n't a strong feeling of belonging to europe among europe 's people , it is extremely dangerous to try to destroy the feeling of belonging to a country , even if it 's a tempting strategy to make things go faster . 
  and i have a problem with the idea that cultural differences are not important . 
  i 'm not speaking about food or clothes , but about the way people see the world , religion , work , politics , morals ... etc. 
  sure , these thing change slowly with time , and there is strong internal divergences , but they are not to be ignored or dismissed . 
  people need a strong cultural common ground to form a community and a sense of belonging . 
  altough globalisation sure seems lead us toward global cultural homogenisation eventually . 
  well , the feeling of belonging to a cummunity is arguably excluding by essence . 
  better a big community than a small one . 
  better nationalism than individualism or tribalism . 
  that old man at 2:21 is gold . 
  do you hear that , belgium ? 
  in this scenario , do you consider greece as quitting the eurogroup and going bankrupt , or as quitting the eurogroup but keeping the debt , because if they go bankrupt without a primary surplus , that would be really , really bad for them , no ? 
  and would they have done the structural and difficult reforms in this scenario , in the middle of this brutal shock and its following turmoil ? 
  because if not , they 'd be again with a big debt and a big deficit in a few years/decades with the insane interest rates of defiant creditors , no ? 
  then the six years have n't been a complete waste of time and only a delay , no ? 
  if the goal of this surplus is to pay the full debt then perhaps it is not enough , but it is still a far better starting point to go either for a grexit or a debt restructuration , no ? 
  honest question : did greece had a primary surplus six year ago ? 
  i may have uncorrectly understood this , but did n't they just recently reached a primary surplus ? 
  i ca n't , because i 'm crazy !, 
  but seriously people here have different levels when it comes to foreign languages , so translating more complex sentencces is interesting for a small part of this sub . 
  and if another part of this sub does n't want to try to learn ( or just look at by curiosity ) another language , they can just read the english part only . 
  now , perhaps we need a more uniformised procedure to make it easier for such people . 
  like `` first english , second the other language , and in between a line '', 
  doing an error/bad move as a move and doing bilinguial post are two different things . 
  there is legitimate critics to do against the megathread , and they have been done . 
  mistakes happen . 
  what need do we have to then personnally attack him ? 
  no , but indeed my third line is not directed toward / u/cbfw86 but rather toward several people in this thread in general and / u/chrysopelea in particular . 
  and he is not alone . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  * but seriously , no need to call him an idiot or to be that agressive . 
  hopefully this will encourage our highest officials to take more seriously secrecy precautions . 
  well , i would say that if there is surprise , it is not about the fact that the american try ( and manage ) to spy on us , but before how badly our state security/secrecy is compromised , at the higher level , for so long .
