  i 'm not saying that france is * the * particular exception or that your point is void , but saying that we are an `` american colony '' is just plain exagerration . 
  the us had interests to have american bases in europe , and every european nation fearing the soviet threat had an interest to it too . 
  for the other points : the eu was pushed by many people , who had different interests , and a substantial , non-negligible number of people worked to have a less unbalanced/less dependant european-american relationship . 
  the french-german partnership , which was , and still is the cornerstone of the eu , is a good exemple of that . 
  to say `` the eu was nothing but an american-backed buffer for the soviet union '' is an exageration/false statement . 
  same thing for the `` usa needs no counterweight because it 's already owned by china . 
  the eu was nothing but an american-backed buffer for the soviet union . 
  even to this day we 're barely something more than an american colony . 
  we are a soft power and usa needs no counterweight because it 's already owned by china . 
  that 's some heavy exageration, 
  fun fact : there has been a substantial amount of expeditions by french explorators in greenland , back then . 
  consequently , there is in the middle of greenland a line of mountains and inhabited places with french names . 
   are you purposefuly obtuse ? 
  no need to be agressive . 
   us convoys would have gotten just as warm a welcome had they driven through the baltics and poland a decade ago . 
  well , they would probably have gotten a warm welcome , but still , i think that the humongeous increase in the russian perceived threat really boosted the welcome . 
  hurrah for more accurate but impractical comparisons !, 
  no , it 's like talking to someone requiring some rigor in your reasoning and disliking hyperboles , simplifications and generalisation . 
  ah , i see where part of the problem reside . 
  1 ) when speaking of the influence of religion in history , i am not restraining the discution to the last three decades , but to history as a whole . 
  2 ) religion is not just an act of faith , an opinion on the question of the existence of god ( s ) . 
  religion ( in particular abrahamic religion ) is interwined with a philosophy , a way to view the world and man . 
  it shape one person proportionaly to the importance one give to religion , but in all times you had people that really did n't care much for religion beyond answering the question on the existence of god . 
  in most pagan cultures , in particular , beyond some rites and forbidding incest and insults to the gods , religion did n't really had much of an impact on people 's lifes . 
  you are basically taking action of religious ( on the broader sens of the term ) people ( i.e. 
  basically nearly everyone before a few centuries ago ) and refusing to differenciate between their non-religious motivations and their religious ones . 
   because the opposition for this joint fight has always been 100 % religious . 
  are you implying that no secular/non religious person was a proponent of slavery and gender inequality , and that the only reasons for slavery and gender inequality were religious ones . 
   oh and i did skim through your text wall . 
  well , it do seems we do n't have the same ... enthusiasm/commitment/reasons to share points of view and debate . 
  we bombed the middle east back to stone age ? 
  what `` we '' ? 
  france ? 
  what `` middle east '' ? 
  which countries exactly have been bombed by `` we '' ? 
  and how are they `` back to stone age '' ? 
  not necessarily . 
  nato do n't need to use nukes to have the upper hand against russia 's military . 
  using nukes is more like cutting everybody 's hands . 
  and legs . 
  and head . 
  because you use capitals for your sentences which makes you look either as a lunatic or somebody trying to look like one ( i.e. 
  doing a joke ) now , aside of the form , one could argue that the countries of eastern europe ( except russia ) , which are in the middle of all this mess , are quite happy to see the us troops . 
  or that the idea of america wanting to destroy europe is just stupid , given how much its economy ( not even speaking of demography and culture ) is interwined with the europeans ' ones . 
  which examples ? 
  you cited subjects , not examples . 
  could you explicite further ? 
  i am kind of saddened by the turn of this discussion . 
  i am not trying to push an agenda on women 's rights , homosexual marriage or i do n't know what . 
  the topic is rather `` the role of religion regarding inequalities through history '' , no ? 
  and i ( quite vehemently , it 's true ) opposed the two following statement that you made : that religion had always been the opposition in the fight against inequality , and that the opposition had always been purely religious . 
  we 're not trying to `` beat each other '' in some kind of rethorical fight , we are ( at least i hope ) trying to exchange on the subject . 
  i find the form this discution took quite concerning , and i hoped you would respond on the totallity of my post , and not just became upset with one of my statements and declare yourself victor of the discussion with two sentences and a `` qed '' . 
  i used this one exemple specifically to show that what is considered now as a conservative burden was back in the days a considerable advance . 
  you should n't measure the advancements pushed by religion only by our modern standards , but look at the way it was without it back then and see if religion had a positive impact . 
  otherwise it is just ethnocentrism . 
  to be fair , the `` sorry , ca n't tell , it 's secret '' is an understable argument . 
  the culture of secrecy and discretion in these agency is a mark of professionalism and efficiency . 
  but yes , it is extremely frustrating and a lack of correct tracking present some risks for a society . 
  i remember a book by an anti-terrorist judge with some examples of intercepted attacks , in particular a planned attack on the christmas market of strasbourg something like twenty years ago . 
  the police , the surveillance agencies and the legislative tools they have provide a protection against terrorism . 
  internet is but a new space for terrorists and anti-terrorists alike to lurk , and i do n't see why they would be totally useless on the net and usefull on the street . 
  new tools , new ways , that 's all . 
  the differenciation between old means of surveillance and new ones is n't that relevant . 
  both have some efficience . 
  both should be carefully dosed to balance the need for safety and the need for freedom/privacy . 
   that the opposition has always been 100 % religious say what ? 
  sorry , but that 's even less true that your previous statement . 
  just look at the greek philosophes , or really , any society in history , to see that there is plenty of people , not necessary religious , who are quite opposed to gender equality . 
  gender inequality is as old as history , and it is not religion-driven . 
  it comes from the constat that men are physically superior to women ( on the general level . 
  but at the scale of a society , the general level is what matters ) , and in a primitive society , that 's a very important point . 
  today , intellectual faculties are much more important than physical faculties , but in an era where feudal lors are expected to protect by the sword and inspire by exemple , and that the `` might makes right '' mentality ( which has been fought and slowly overthrown thanks to religion ) is extremely influent , it naturally push women out of position of power . 
  and then you have , with the evolution of the importance of physical strenght in the modern times , ideological inertia ( where you put most of the religious opposition but they are far from being alone ) and practical inertia ( people in power do n't want to give their seats , and keeping women out is a good way to eliminate a part of the concurrence and to keep a position of some power anyway in the patriacal society if you are a man ) . 
   do i have to remind you that marriage is not a christian invention ? 
  i do n't think that invalidate my point . 
  states , songs and wars are not a `` christian invention '' . 
  societal structures can predate us , that do n't necessarily stop us from telling how things should be , or that things are how they are meant to be . 
   nor a core teaching of jeesus true in the sens that it was n't the most recurrent thema of his preachs . 
  but he clearly endorsed marriage and took some clear position on the subject , for exemple :  now how about you point out a gain in equality made by the religious against the secular/non religious/enlightenment thinkers ? 
  forbidding repudiation/divorce , going against the common practice of men easily rejecting women , who were then alone and kind of shunned , to take another one . 
  it was the position of the church and was a real progress for women ' situations and rights , pushed by religion . 
   your definition of marriage is about as relevant as a reactionary catholic priest 's definition of women 's rights . 
  as relevant as the next person or as a feminist definition of women 's rights , no ? 
  you take that back !, 
   if it worked , you would have been warned by one or the other agency about the charlie hebdo attack . 
  i have some problem with this argument , at least under this form . 
  that 's basically saying `` this system is n't flawless , thus it is inneffective '' or `` it failed to stop one attempt , thus it did n't stop any attempts '' . 
  the usa have a huge advantage , that 's for sure . 
  but by putting brains and money on some project , we can often product some very good things : aeronotics ( be it planes , helicopters or spatial ) , artillery systems , tanks and naval fields are full of exemples where european defence industries obtained , not necessarily `` the best '' , but extremely good products , , often close enough in quality of the americans ' one that , with the other above-mentionned advantages for local production , it was a good idea to than . 
  ( and , it is not impossible , perhaps sometimes better than the american counterpart ) . 
  i 'm not saying that we can or should have a bigger/better army than the us . 
  we 'd only need that for a conflict against them and , apart from being a completely stupid ( and unlikely ) idea , we still have the nukes as the great egaliser for the next decades . 
  no , i am just kind of advocating for a europe able to guarantee its sovereignty by having its own high-quality production . 
  i must say that the repartition of the votes ( although at a scale too small to be representative of the subreddit ) are quite surprising . 
  perhaps the independance/sovereignty thing for the defence is more of a french thing and that the rest of europe is happy to rely on the us in military , diplomacy and industry . 
   that 's the right word indeed . 
  we 're not that bad in aeronotics . 
  we have the skills and the technology . 
  the americans might have some advance in drones , but it 's not a definitive truth written in stone .
