   the only difference is wether we bring money to american engineers or european . 
  no , the difference is mainly wether we bring money to european companies or american companies . 
  and european companies pay important taxes to the european countries , and sometimes give direct benefits as they are partly state-owned . 
  and we are exporting weapons . 
  well , netherlands i do not know , but france 's arms exports are substantials ( for germany and the uk too ) . 
   why should they not go for the mq-9 reaper ? 
  - because in the medium-long term we need to produce our own engines if we want to pretend to a truly independant foreign policy , who can afford to anger the us , who may stop to furnish us in the required spare parts ( without even the true event , the possibility alone is sufficent to unbalance further the diplomatical exchanges ) . 
  - because that way , to produce these engines , we 'll give money to employees located in europe and to companies paying their taxes in europe ( and sometimes partially state-owned ) , making in the end the production cheaper than what we would get by buying foreign products , and perhaps allowing us to export our own products . 
   you mixed up a few facts . 
  islam derives from christianity ( which derives from judaism ) , not the liberal values we hold in the west . 
  i fear i am a bit confused by this sentence . 
  i do n't think i implied that islam derives from the liberal values we hold in the west . 
   all of the gains in equality have always been fought against the religious and that fight is still going on in your own country with thousands of religious demonstrating against equality . 
  hum ... no ? 
  religion have often been a force of social progress , in particular through the middle-age . 
  sure , nowadays they fight on some subjects with people with which they have fondamental anthropological divergences ( for exemple , considering that the goal of marriage is to create a pre-familial/familial cell , and that it can only be achieved by a man and a woman ) . 
  but the church , for exemple , is still really present in the fight against poverty and the help/assistance of the handicaped persons . 
  with all due respect , stating `` all of the gains in equality have always been fought against the religious '' is just plain bullshit/bias/propaganda . 
  depend of what you define as christianity ( or islam ) . 
  for exemple , a lot of people would have trouble with you considering slavery , stoning and even creationnism as inherent part of christianity ( and could even advocate that christianity fought against slavery and stoning ) . 
  i would say that , if one is not a believer and does n't consider the concerned religion to be a divine message with one of the interpretations being the good one , one can not consistantly point one interpretation and say `` this is the true face of this religion '' . 
  the way i see it , some interpretations of islam are incompatible with the values we hold as a strong common cultural ground ( which is more compatible with christianity because it derived from it ) , and some of them are n't . 
  or more discret . 
  if you sent advisers and soldiers to an area in which you pretend to not have such ingerence , you want to hide it a minimum . 
  and russian do n't really look like foreigners , and there 's the fact that the donbass have a lot of russian-speakers ... 
  but back to subject : the question is not `` would the pro-russians in donbass crumble if russia took out its support ? 
  '' , but rather `` would they be able to survive if russia did n't want them to survive ? '', 
  and yeah , they would disappear if russia turned on them . 
  i 'm not speaking of russia stopping to provide ammunitions , or withdrawing its troops . 
  if russia want a spetnaz commando to take some leaders out of the pictures , they can . 
  if some bombing of reluctant pro-russian warlord is needed , it 's possible . 
  this possibility is known from the leaders ( some of them , in particular the most unruly of the warlords , have already been taken care of in a violent manner ) the opinions of the pro-russian part of the local population can be tweaked by medias and the local bosses to make them take whatever agreement the kremlin reached as a reasonable victory . 
  if the right wants to be * sure * to win then it has to be cop\u00e9 . 
  but really , if hollande is the ps candidate at the presidency , the right could chose a goat to face him and they would have their chances . 
  sarkozy is just the most stupid choice from an electoral point of view because it brings together left voters against him . 
  him and the fn are basically the best chance of survival of the ps now that it have the power and must face its big internal contradictions and the disapointments of hollande 's presidency among the voters . 
  hollande know that , and that 's why he want to face sarkozy , who is turn want to face hollande . 
  2017 is a long way from here and hollande and sarkozy are both talented political beasts able to become the true leaders of their sides ( as opposed to now ) , in particular if they help each other by selected manoeuvers and behaviors . 
  if we are unlucky we might face a depressing continuity in the political processus when we have the components and the global frustration required for some change at least . 
  that just seemed as a unnecessarily `` my country is better than yours '' , though . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you over the fact that we have the prefecture and not you . 
  or perhaps is it the fact that we got one of the national and international symbol of france identified with our town ? 
  or somebody trying to corrige one of the biggest flaws in politics : a lack of clear , correctly used , terminology . 
  well , it 's an historic fact that the french kingdom played a long term strategy to divide its neighboring territories to weaken , culturally influence and absorb them . 
  it was a slow but working manoeuver . 
  then the revolution and the empires come in , and they start thinking that it would be a great idea to unite countries ( i.e. 
  concurrents and potential ennemies ) following the principe of nationality ( napoleon iii in particular was a great fan of this idea ) . 
  1870 and two world wars ensue . 
  and yes , you can tell they just made the region from stratch . 
  but at least we do n't have some complicated and ridiculously long name , in particular with the new reform . 
  or unless nuclear war . 
  then even for the rich ones life become much less sweet . 
  to be honest , the mainstream politicians ( in particular the socialists ) have their own reasons for screaming `` horror '' at each move of the fn . 
  it is n't always ( or even often ? ), 
  genuine desire to stop the fn from gaining support . 
  and the father never wanted power . 
  he was an advanturer , a big mouth who enjoyed being the troublemaker , he never had a real agenda like marine , or the will to do alliances or compromises . 
  well , most likely an english-speaking country , as i understand and speak english well enough ( aside from quebec , belgium , luxembourg and swiss , french-speaking countries are n't really develloped yet , and i 'd probably want a change ) . 
  i 'd give a try to the uk . 
  yep , i agree . 
  on the other hand , the crisis fell on sarkozy , who misevalued it and pursued its programm , and did n't had the courage to go through structural reforms . 
  hollande had more time to prepare a plan , he had five years to see that the crisis was really serious , and to see and reflect on what actions were possibles ( even sometimes pretending there was others , better paths of actions that what the government choose , in particular when the choices were impopular , when there was not ) . 
  and then he came to power and proceeded to do nothing serious on the matter . 
  i 'm not doing automatic anti-hollandism ( which is as stupid as the automatic anti-sarkozism that we had for years before and even now ) , but yeah , our politicians have n't really been brilliant , courageous , or as competents as we could have hoped . 
  personnally , i would be for stopping to panic everytime the fn get some power and let people look a them and see that they are n't much better than others . 
  that 's why i think they wo n't get the presidency : once they 'll get enough positions of powers , people will be able to judge them on their results rather that their claims . 
  people did n't considered politicians really moral even before : mitterand , chirac ... they had seen all . 
  sure , the presidential image got worse , but i think that the desilusion is even more influenced by the fact that the socialists said for years that they could do better than right governments , that there was ways out without austerity or raising taxes , and when they came to power ... they did n't proved that competent , just raised taxes for two years and denied reforms , and are only now waking up . 
   how our public debt almost doubled under his rule well , he ca n't really be blamed for the economical crisis , and it was either resuming to endebt ourselves or to makes real cut in public expenses ( i.e. 
  austerity , this great satan ) or to raise taxes ( and even then , without cuts you 'd need ridiculously high taxes killing the economy ) . 
  he choose more debts to allow economy to resume normaly for a few more years . 
  not the most courageous action , but when you see the kind of reactions another path create in the streets or even on reddit . 
  well , technically speaking on economical issues they are rather far-left , and on social issues rather far-right . 
  the problem is , austerity is n't just to `` pay debts '' . 
  it 's to reduces the deficits of a state that lived and still live above its means , and to borrow new money to do not too brutaly . 
  if greece defaulted , it would still have needed to find money somewhere , and they would do so at much much higher interests rates . 
  unless they have the pretention to brutally have no more deficits just after default , but to do so they would need cuts in depenses making the current austerity measures looks like a health promenade . 
  the weight of the debt is far from being the only problem that greece 's economy face , and austerity is the measures taken against these problems . 
  now , deciding to take on ourselves , at least partly , the burden of greeks ' debt ( and in which measure we hold them responsible ) is another debate , one in which i must say that the human component does n't leave my idealist fiber indifferent . 
  and what change do you expect on this subject in this ( unlikely ) scenario ? 
  * cough cough * reddit addiction * cough cough *, 
  well technically you can get a master at 23 , and then work as an ingeneer , get a house , get married and have children . 
  at 25 , people are biologically , emotionnaly and intellectually mature/adult . 
  they generally do n't change that much in the five following years . 
  source ? 
  edit : damn , this article of spiegel from 2007 is really anti-sarkozy . 
  yeah , that 's what i almost wrote : a rewarding discussion does n't necessarily needs to be a violent confrontation of two opposed points of view , or to have intervenants pushing an agenda . 
  well , the ukrainian conflict escalated quickly ... 
  but situation is n't really worse than long before , and people still had child ... hum ... as a lot of you push forward the lodging issue , the main cause here could be the explosion/dispersion of families : people do n't live with their parents ( and even less grandparents and other members of the families ) in the same big house , so it is more costly and take away the possibility of the others members of the family helping raise/look after the baby/child , as well as other consequences ... 
  interesting post , thank you . 
  i feel that when you get too much of an uniformised viewpoint in an important group of people , without some people having differents views/convictions or , ideally , a sufficient number of people agreeing with the common viewpoint but possessing a critical sense , some empathy and playing the devil 's advocate when needed , the group/crowd build a simplified ( and caricaturingly negative ) image of the different points of view , do n't see/ignore some arguments that could be made and build their own perception of reality which is less and less confronted to ( other people 's perception of ) reality . 
  it is a trend that is present in some `` sjws '' tumblr 's communities , and in some reddit 's one ( favored probably by the system of sub and the particular demography of reddit ) , but basically is present in every communities ( political , religious ... ) as soon as they close themselves to dialogue and cease to employ critical thinking or empathy . 
  it is why we need to be critical ( seriously , i hope that my translation is correct or at least understandable and that i am not seemingly speaking to you of the needed mass of uranium for a a-bomb or something ) regardless of how pleasant or depleasant the concerned community/discussion/point of view is for us . 
  that 's why the `` well , these guys are perhaps too enthusiasts ( i.e. 
  with a shaky grasp on others ' reasons/positions and some dogmatism in their views ) but they are not really harmful ( yet ? ) '', 
  is not that relevant , to my mind . 
  not really sure of what this post accomplish , or if it is pushing a clear point , but well , i just wanted to expose an articulated point of view on the matter . 
  if i could add something : i have been surprised by the occasionnals ( but not so rare ) extremely-high quality posts on reddit , which clearly show knowledge of subject , previous deep reflexions upon it and ( more precious and even rarer , but indeed here from time to time ) genuine intellectual honesty . 
  that 's ... concerning . 
  is it to protect careers ?
