  i 'll probably get the next restart ... hopefully . 
  edit : damn , it seems that i ca n't join the chat . 
  i just had time to play part of the tutorial , so i think i 'll just take a near-irrelevant state ( like that arabian state . 
  just hope that hindustan is not interested by more than doing a tentacle to westernise ) to not be an embarassment and paralysing a relevant nation . 
  or i could take a tiny holy roman country , but i 'll probably get dragged in a war and get eaten by a neighbor in less than an hour . 
  on the other hand i 'll have a better view on the rest of the game . 
  decisions ... 
  i 'm think of buying the game , playing a few hours solo then join and pick a third fiddle ( to not bother people too much with my noob skills ) . 
  any ideas on such disponible countries ? 
  do i need some extension to play with you ? 
  technically you can do both . 
  [ it 's both , actually  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism )  racism is prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  the problem is that racism is used as a broad term to say `` discrimination '' , which is dishonest and innacurate , and hide the `` why '' of the rejection : is it because of cultural or religious differences ? 
  of preconceptions and/or bad experiences ? 
  or simply a strongly rooted aversion of those bearing a different skin color ? 
  by reducing every discrimination under the term used for the last case , `` racism '' is used as an anathema to diabolise any discution on the subject ( as the pseudo-scientific position is completely undefensible and rejected with force by mostly everyone ) , even talks about the importance of cultural factors . 
  had the term been `` xenophobia '' or `` islamophobia '' , perhaps people would have voted yes in a larger quantity . 
  but racism , as in believing that some are genetically inferior ? 
  it 's not a really present conception in / r/europe and figure rarely in the comments . 
  now , at which point/proportion do one esteem that something is a problem , that 's another point . 
  thanks a lot  sorry to hear that you had so much problems in this session . 
  - hungary sure gained some size , despite ( or thanks to ? ), 
  not being in the big war - the war was pretty much balanced to let lithuania eat a part of poland despite original reluctance ? 
  or russia feared the arrival of asian reinforcements ? 
  - interesting way for russia to grab the caucasus and secure its souther border . 
  - things are looking pretty good for you apparently . 
  how did the population become protestant so quickly , though ? 
  some genocide , or just the normal speed of the game mechanisms ? 
  - the mamluks and the ottomans are slowly dying . 
  morroco seems to climb up to become a great power if spain do n't bother him ( even accounting for the size of sahara , he is grabbing the guinea gulf ) - what is happening with england ? 
  is france using it as a vassal or what ? 
  - so a new european war seems to be in preparation with basically the same alliances but with spain and byzantium out of the war ? 
  * paging / u/dakarans and begging at his feets for a map and some narration ** . 
  hum , i think the `` his french counterpart said that paris would not agree to a deal with the uk at any price '' just mean `` we 're not going to seek a deal whatever the cost , if it 's too high we 'll walk out , and threatening of brexit wo n't push us to comply to any exigences '' , no ? 
  seems a bit to me like normal boasting of each side to secure a high ground in the following negociations . 
  i do n't know if it 's objectively better , but there is obviously the `` sound cooler and more exotic '' that seems to be the case whenever you sing in another language . 
  plus , it is partly understood by most , but not enough to sound awkward if the lyrics are mediocre/cheesy . 
  well he did integrated southern great britain , expanded east on the continent ( i doubt that savoy is gon na last very long between you two ) and colonised/wrestled control of cuba and the carribeans ( which i suppose have relatively good provinces , if history serves me right ) . 
  i guess it 's the quick colonisation from castille and the risk that he may expands into north america that concerned me . 
  was there any north american player ? 
  pardon my ignorance , what do you mean by cn ? 
  also , thank you for your summaries and explanations , they are very much appreciated , and apparently not just by me , 
  any idea on the reason for the lack of france 's colonisation ? 
  he is basically without concurrent in north america yet did n't take any new provinces . 
  i get that the lack of such ideas could hinder its devellopment , but not to such a point , no ? 
  i suppose that if you managed to cut like butter through the mamluks you are far much advanced than north african countries . 
  is the tech level even between the great powers ? 
  also , how much of an asset are colonies ? 
  i 'm a bit surprised by the total lack of colonisation from france ( except in carribeans ) and how unchecked castille has been expanding in south american . 
  are n't mongolia and hindustan kind of great powers too ? 
  also , as i 'm not really familiar with the game : what happen when a nation ( in particular a protestant like florence ) takes rome/wipes out the papal states ? 
  do the papacy moves elsewhere ? 
  do the game mechanism of the papacy stop ? 
  ah ah , same : never played , but it seems so appealing it makes me consider it ... 
  i think it basically boil down to how underestimated the importance of culture is . 
  people have trouble understanding that nations , human rights and individualism are quite recent notions . 
  it 's partially a consequence of how we got where we are : it helps push an ideology ( such as human rights ) if you say it 's universel and inherent to human nature and describe other civilisations following it as `` barbarian '' ( i.e. 
  not real civilisations ) . 
  it 's far less convincing ( even if more accurate ) to say `` convention of human rights '' instead of `` declaration of human rights '' and `` we consider our civilisation better than that one on this , this and this . '', 
  instead of `` that 's not being civilised '' . 
  yep , the problem is ethnocentric universalism : the other is not different , he is like us . 
  any differences are just superficial , and culture is just about food and clothes . 
  if one claim that there is comportemental differences between the population , this is false and it is thus discrimination/racism ( also the term `` racism '' is used out of its definition as an anathema ) . 
  my pleasure . 
  notice that it 's not necessarily done consciously . 
  in fact , once we build an act of faith we do n't think about it anymore and consider it a fact until our conviction in it is sufficiently shaken/questionned to re-evalute it . 
  that 's what happened to you ( even slightly ) about your belief in the existence of the world . 
  as there is no alternative possible in this case , such a questionning is deemed sterile and the most convenient answer ( this world exist outside of yourself ) is generally favored . 
  oh , i just told you , you ca n't . 
  but you can do an act of faith : you take the belief `` i exist , this guy too , my town and the world too , and i am not in a computer '' , and you give it the value of a fact , you consider it exactly as a fact . 
  it 's exactly what faith is : a belief that have the value of a fact . 
  and we do it all the time , not just religious people : it is the base of our conceptualisation of the world . 
  to speak in mathematical terms , acts of faith are the axioms of our reasoning . 
  not necessarily . 
  one can imagine that before the big bang , without time and space , causality is quite irrelevant . 
  there is no certain response , and we can not be sure of anything because we can not even fully trust the means by which we view and conceptualise the world . 
  the only thing that we can do is make an ultimately arbitrary and motivated by emotion/impression/convenience act of faith , and use these as a basis for a logical construction . 
  well , the official position is `` we 're not the most qualified to determine the ` how ' of the creation of the world , but evolution seems the most likely scenario '' . 
  but yes , it 's not part of the dogma , as it 's not strictly speaking considered a religious matter . 
  * austriae est imperare orbi universo * * alles erdreich ist \u00d6sterreich untertan * * il appartient \u00e0 l'autriche de r\u00e9gner sur le monde * so , historically speaking , a bit like a rich portugal ? 
  [ i see what you did there ... ] ( http://www.fr-tul.estranky.cz/img/picture/67/alesia_asterix.jpg ), 
  actually while germanic tribes were leading gaul and its gallo-roman population starting from the 5th century , the proportion germanic tribes/gallo-romans was strongly in favor of the gallo-romans : at the fifth century , after their installation , the estimations are around 8 millions of gallo-romans , 100 000 wisigoths , 80 000 burgonds , 40 000 franks ( to use the most importants groups ) . 
  of course , during the 15th following centuries there was time for diverse immigrations/emigrations and gradual genetic meddling . 
  alesia never forget, 
  on the other hand being contested/not strongly followed on sexual prescriptions by western catholics does n't mean that the catholic church is n't listened to or active on other subjects . 
  people ( especially people with no other contact with the church ) seems to only notice sexual doctrine and pro-life positions because it is the only real ideological/anthropological divergence ( outside of the obvious act of faith ) , but the catholic church , its teachings , activities and communities reach far more subjects than that . 
  more or less every subjects in fact . 
  do you intend to do some quick narration on what happened in this part ? 
  i must admit that , although not a eu4 player ( it apparently requires some time to get used to it and i do n't really have it so i could n't participate ) i am really interested in this campaign 's devellopment . 
  `` gaul united , forming one nation and animed by one same spirit , can defy the universe '' ( `` la gaule unie , formant une seule nation et anim\u00e9e d'une m\u00eame esprit , peut d\u00e9fier l'univers '' ) * attributed to vercingetorix by julius caesar in de bello gallico * that 's what i 'd like it to be . 
  in truth it would rather be something like `` ethnocentric universalists with some above-average idealism tainted of pessimism . '', 
  and it was two months ago , and it 's not exhaustive , as some change in the sentence is enough to miss it . 
  it was necessary to maintain order . 
  you can call him a monster , but he did what he had to do . 
  they sure had a ton of different problems , but the difference between usable and owned equipment were quite impressive in this exemple . 
  i obviously agree with your last point , though , but i would add that it is true when comparing russia and western europe 's armies as well . 
  nuclear submarines with icbm , and the icbm are n't gps-dependant ( and the uk and france have their own satellites ) . 
  and france at least kept the aerian nuclear vector . 
  but the nuclear submarines ensure a deadly retaliatory strike anywhere on the globe even after devastation of the metropole . 
  [ to give some idea ... ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/q2seq ),
