  in africa , the once mighty sultanate of air is collapsing , victim to the tunisian vulture , and while ripe for the taking still seems out of ethiopia 's reach : the advisors are categorical that the logistical challenge of crossing all of central africa with an army and to sustain it for a victorious campaign would be unfeasible , yet the emperor look at the map and ponder . 
  it is true that at the east , another option exist , the shattered empire of bharat , and that if he does n't strike now the bengalese neighbor may well secure such gains before ethiopia . 
  and to the south the arrival of portuguese at the cape have caused many war preparations and diplomatical missives , in particular with the ottomans and kilwa . 
  whatever come to be , though , the negusa negast stands ready to face it , for the glory of ethiopia , the pride of his ancestors , the lion and the lamb . 
  did someone say [ veto britain 's entry in the eu ? 
  ] ( http://www.konbini.com/fr/files/2013/06/callmemaybexquatrecentquinzexkonbinizoom.jpg ), 
  if you plan to leave air you should take gujarat , they are well positionned and should have some expansion , a player nemesis and several allied players ( wink wink nudge nudge ) . 
  you should check your hands , mate . 
  in the end i should be there in time for the start of the session , at least i 'll certainly be there at the first rehost . 
  ethiopia will be there ... at least toward the end of the session ... i hope so . 
  i pray that the ai do n't do anything stupid . 
  but at least we are relevant !, 
  global trade impacts everyone ? 
  territorial precedents impacts everyone ? 
  other reasons include the alliance with the us and the defense of our international relevance . 
  [ posted mine as well ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/4mo537/reurope_mp_game_3_session_3_the_traitors_dance/d3xc7kv ), 
  next time try to have nothing else open and to stay on the game , see if you still crash . 
  an idea on the cause ? 
  do you have open windows or do you do something else on internet during the game ? 
  it 's cool to have a top 1 player containing his growth and trying to keep a balance of power , because that 's what is really missing in eu4 ( the rival system is good , but once one is one league above anyone else it 's not really efficient , and you just need to be careful/spread in different directions/avoid europe and the coalition mechanism do n't stop from blobing . 
   but unfortunately that would n't really work as it 'd stop you fighting each other too ( or make me pay 25 prestige every few years ) . 
  technically , if you guarantee the emerging african powers you can : a ) keep your armies on your lands ( and no player is gon na try to push there ) and/or b ) white peace after one year ( no prestige hit ) so it would n't stop interafrican war . 
  alternatively you can just guarantee/ally tunis and apply this procedure against african ennemies , and guarantee other african nations if they are threatened by europeans ( which is not the case right now ) . 
  yeah , sad for you . 
  are gon na keep trying next time ? 
  oh yeah , it 's really good and useful to post here in / r/europe , but why not both ? 
  ( thinking about it , i can understand wanting to channel interesting comments on the / r/europe post . 
  but i was thinking mainly to the recaps ( which can be posted there * and * in the eu4 subreddit where they are posted currently ) . 
   its not a threat !, 
  yeah , i understood , but i 'm not absolutely sure to be able to be there at each session so it * is * a bit concerning , regardless of intent . 
  but i hope i 'll be able to keep a continuous presence  ( also the crashes of the second session have n't happened again , and i hope they wo n't next times )  if the europeans had been smart they would have helped mamluks too . 
  last game i played hejaz ( took it at something like the third session ) and allied ethiopia who had most of egypt . 
  we tried to contain ottomans , but the only europeans who made a helpful mvoe were the italians , and they ade a separate peace after which we got crushed and ethiopia lost a good chunk of territory ( and ottomans steamrolled south truce after truce ) . 
   it 's an issue for ottomans too i do hope it 's not going to make your playing experience boring by cutting you expansion roads , though . 
   sadly most muslims who are n't ottomans are rather weak and any allies i make who are coreligionists will need my help to actually become useful . 
  well tunis and gujarat are starting to look strong on their own . 
  a vicious effect of their alliance with you is that by relying on you they disregard other alliances that would make them reasonably sustainable without your alliance . 
  tunis in particular is allied only to you and sure is n't looking for an european partner . 
   by allying with and actually helping tunis , bukhara and gujarat i 've cut off most of my expansion directions in favor of helping other players . 
  you should see a fairly historical ottoman decline rather than a tryhard blobfest from ottomans this game . 
  yeah , i like what it gives on the map , and it 's actually quite nice to have a strong gujarat to keep bharat in check and a tunis capable of not getting a bad case of conquering iberians . 
  i just hope they wo n't be getting powerhouse by the sole merit of being able to attack or defend by invoking the green juggernaut of doom . 
  regular infighting between bharat and gujarat ~ ~ ( possibly helped by african allies ) ~ ~ sounds better than gujarat reigning supreme on the subcontinent thanks to the ottomans and wars for the dominance of west africa between tunis/timbuktu and air/ethiopia sounds more interesting than tunis swallowing it slowly and unavoidably because he 's your ally . 
   unfortunately england dishonored alliance every time you or portugal was attacked . 
  albion gon na be perfidious . 
  why not this game as well ? 
  it should n't be * that * crowded , or make that much of a difference , no ? 
  and it would allow us to keep trace of the eu4 game ( s ) in one place . 
   currently have no plans , but if you miss some sessions i 'll probably eat ai ethiopia for the cash & gulf of aden control . 
  ... i 'll try really hard to not miss a session then ... well to be honest i 'm trying to be a nice guy too and chose to not take kilwa 's gold mines for myself , it 's tempting as i have still a bigger forcelimite , its manpower is depleted and he have trouble with madagascarian rebels but i 'm his alliy and i was with him when he was mamluk , so i 'll help him with his rebels and hope he does n't try to go for me later , as africa is starting to be a bit crowded by african played countries . 
  it 's a bit frustrating for tunis , because his alliance with you ( and lack of alliance with anyone else ) make him able to stomp anyone , even his peers and rivals , and it 's virtually impossible to thwart his expansion ( the only possibility would be an anti-tunis/ottomans coalition but the europeans power seems really pusillanimous . 
  that 's a problem with mp games : the europeans powers have often more interests going their own way and do n't have the ideological/historical motivation to band together and go against the ottomans even when they are blobing out of control . 
  ah yeah , burmese in particular is like `` circles . 
  circles everywhere . '', 
   yeah kilwa ... has a lot of gold . 
  the amount of gold in africa makes me want to conquer it , but i 'm trying very hard to be nice d : are n't you already filthy rich ? 
  ( monthly income three or two times the income of each great power , japan excepted ) i 'm not sure the gold mines will make that much of a difference at that point , in particular if you take most of africa to get them . 
  also nice ottoman is best ottoman , and indigenous africa best africa . 
   not that being nice has been paying off , despite all my kindness half of europe still hate me . 
  to be fair you 're protecting tunis who is rivaling and raiding all of southern europe ( and is probably going to bully air as well ) . 
  ang the king of ~ ~ stealing ~ ~ importing players is ... 
  ... portugal ?!, 
  and what are you doing with three french born players ? 
  give them back right now !, 
  dmn , still has n't managed to come back in the blue zone . 
  and / u/araknite did an impressive jump with kilwa ( the gold mines probably help ) . 
  also ottomans is ridiculously dominant . 
  ( you only took the top 7 as great powers this time ? ), 
  well , i possibly wo n't be there at 20h , but i should get the rehost 1 h after . 
  edit : yay !, 
  been there the whole session , without crashing !, 
  fun session . 
  well , i 'll try to take ethiopia again , hoping this time i do n't crash after a few minutes and the ai sabotage the country . 
  or more realistically they 'll say how many jobs their implantation in france create , and threaten to go elsewhere if the ... climate stay this unfriendly . 
  they 've been doing that for a while . 
  do n't stop the problems , but can mitigate it . 
  marseille in the most crappy cities , paris ' housing perception last and third before last ( with greater paris ) . 
  seems legit . 
  game crashed each time for me t.t and i do n't have much hope in what the ai did at my place . 
  * moa ambassa ze imnegede yehuda * , conquering lion of the tribe of judah , the [ negusa nagast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edqwvmgprh8 ) , king of kings , descendant of king solomon and the queen of sheba , will be present . 
  the coptic faith shall be brought to the horn of africa , and the sovereign of ethiopia shall bring as offerings on the altar of christ not gold and talismans like pagan kings , not slaves and cold subservience like the cruel sultans , but the prosperity , love and devotion of his people . 
  ** ethiopia shall stretch out her hands to god ** ( psalm 68:31 ), 
  it 's the only plausible explanation . 
  as ethiopia though i almost managed to impose peace and save you from death , with 35 against -41 , but well , not fearful enough . 
  yeah , is this due to the new patch or the dlcs ? 
  because i remember going through the terra incognita of a nation at war with me without conquistador in a solo game . 
   to buy maps you need to move a unit next to the region you want to buy maps for i think . 
  but i did !, 
  wanted a map of the region east of egypt , i put units next to it , in it , outside of it : it still says i need to have a unit next to it . 
  well , mamluk 's player will understandably not take it next time so i am released from my moral obligation to help him through the end . 
  perhaps this is can be the occasion for a new start and ~ ~ me not dying ~ ~ a beautiful friendship . 
  i do hope that you 'll be content with basically the whole middle-east and some chunks of europe and i 'll be able to build an african nation ( and perhaps further , i think i 'll pick exploration ideas ) . 
  if you go more east-west-north than south a strong ethiopia could be a non-negligible ally . 
  i indeed did n't join the battle in syria , but to be honest it 's neither cowardice nor backstabbing , but because i could n't go ( or see ) further with the terra incognita and frustratingly stayed at the limit -_- ( also even after the war i could n't buy any map from the mamluks ) . 
  so yeah , ethiopia is the worst of the second best !, 
  the world shakes at the sight of our fearless armies !, 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ kill ^ ^ me ^ ^ kebab, 
  yeah !, 
  ethiopia strong third fiddle !, 
  ... what do the blue color mean ?
