  certainly . 
  for the army : in term of quality , yes . 
  and in the scenario of an hybrid warfare that 's what matter . 
   true , but a conventional war between nato and russia would be much more costly , in nearly all terms for both than a limited nuclear strike to prevent a drawn out war . 
  the big difference is that there is no way to garantee that a `` limited nuclear strike '' will be limited . 
  it 's such a slippery slope that aside from some theoricians entertaining the idea to keep this an option in case it may be useful in one particular conflict , everybody will go for the conventionnal conflict which is in some way much more predictable . 
  the psychological effect of a nuclear strike is huge , and once you open the pandora box all bets are off . 
  what stop the other side to try a `` limited nuclear strike '' too ? 
  and then what ? 
  a `` less limited nuclear strike '' ? 
  you already have generals sweating about the possibility of a first strike from the adversary giving them the upper hand in the conflict . 
  the hand of leaders is too close of the red button for taking any risks about that . 
   see japan as a ( probably bad ) example . 
  yeah , sorry but it 's indeed a very bad exemple , as the whole possibility of escalation is not present here . 
  also detail but japan could have stepped out of the war without the bomb , even if not under the terms ( basically unconditionnal surrender except for the emperor ) that the americans obtained . 
   additionally , with the current numbers and deployments , russia would n't be in that bad a position . 
  it would take time for all forces to mobilise , and be effective in doing so . 
  russia on the other hand could begin a conflict under the guise of a massive military drill , meaning they , and many of their troops would already be at a state of high readiness . 
  but such an attack would be preceded by big geopolitical tensions , and reinforcement of nato troops in europe and higher readiness . 
   i was just stating that nato will absolutely consider , or use nuclear weapons if russia is attempting to attack or invade a nato member . 
  consider and in particular * show * that they consider it , no doubt . 
  actually using them ? 
  unless russia use them first there is no reason for nato to use them . 
  * mumble mumble mumble * and there ? 
  berlin and istanbul slavs too !, 
  a bit disapointed by their lack of imagination , they did n't mention paris , london or tokyo . 
  but really , aside turkey ( probably because of the downed jet ) it 's just `` we miss our ussr empire ! '', 
  on the other hand nato have very clear superiority in conventionnal means , so the `` where do i draw the nuclear line ? '', 
  is not such a big problem . 
  in case of hybrid warfare nato would just have to send some troops to help the nato state , article v or not : it would n't be so hard , as by nature an hybrid warfare does n't use all military means disponible , as opposed to a full invasion . 
  ukraine fell to it solely because its army was a joke , and because of life condtions and extreme political turmoil . 
  nato can crush the russian military using conventionnal means , they have no reason to go for mutual assured destruction . 
   i tend to think that it should be some sort of self regulating mechanism rather than some guys up there having been employed to mess with it . 
  well it would be nice , but it postulates that such a self regulating mechanism naturally exist . 
  you are probably thinking of the `` invisible hand of the market '' , but even the most economically liberal person will admit that * some * intervention is needed ( the monopolies for exemple ) . 
  so it 's just a question of how much . 
  as you said there is pros and cons in state intervention , but capitalism is by nature amoral ( it 's just an economical system after all ) , and it seems to me dangerous and ethically extremely discutable to let it operate without regulation ( even if this regulation has dangers of its own ) . 
   all i 'm saying that the gap between the taxes in there and in here is too big . 
  i 'm talking about our part of the world 's tax systems being more competitive towards tax heavens rather than matching them . 
  another possibility is pressuring tax heaven to compel them to lower their tax rates/make their legislation more restrictive . 
  there is a move in this direction in the last decade . 
  the global uniformisation of norms push in this direction too . 
   it 's just that i simply ca n't understand , say , why a construction of a motorway in one region of the country has to be financed centrally in full from taxes collected and processed all the way up instead of the taxes collected locally + some subsidies from the central government . 
  it 's often the case . 
  the tramway in orleans ( and it 's probably the case in other cities of france , and in a lot of other countries ) was financed mostly by the agglomeration and the region . 
  the motorway network have to be thought nationally to be optimal ( rather than doing a puzzle ) , so it 's logical that he 'll be managed at a national level . 
  i do n't know , we 're probably some of the most candid on `` democracy '' , `` the sovereign will of the people '' and all that ... well a lot of people are , the intelligentsia tend to be , and the politicians are in public ( using terms like `` more democratic '' even when it does n't apply ) , even if in private it can be quite different . 
  questionning the inherent virtue of democracy is still extremely politicaly incorrect . 
   it 's not so simple quite an euphemism when talking about economy . 
   lower taxes for instance mean more surplus money in citizens ' pockets , which means less care with spending them , which means more revenue collected by the state . 
  on the short-middle term it certainly does n't compensate the loss of money for the state , far from it . 
  the argumentary would be more about the economical prosperity of `` the country '' . 
  the counter-argumentary is `` who inside the country ? '' . 
  the role of the state is to rationalise and moderate the inequalities . 
  it 's my opinion that there is a balance to have between the prosperity of the country as a whole ( a big pib and percentages of growth ) and the regulation of inequalities . 
  lowering companies ' taxes is one of the leverage of this balance , and can certainly be discuted , but lowering it to the level of tax heavens looks like a very , very bad economical idea . 
   the problem is that in every country there are tens if not hundreds of such bodies handling citizens ' revenue money , and each of them has to occupy some place , its employees have to be paid , and so on . 
  to be fair that 's a thing in every economy : even without state intervention , a good part of the economy is focused toward wealth distribution . 
  meh , we 're basically taking each other spot every year . 
  you mean that the fact that a state needs to collect taxes is a sign that it spends too much ? 
  i mean , even if you are in favor of very big budget cuts , a state still need money ( even without the welfare , you ca n't really exclude police , education , justice and army for exemple ) . 
  and thus it still needs taxes . 
  and proportionnally lower taxes on companies would mean proportionnally higher taxes on people . 
  it was probably kind of a threat : `` if you vote a no confidence then i disolve the parliament and as the coalition will lose seats in the next election you may lose your seat . '', 
  mostly a warm fezzy feeling when looking at the map . 
  also potential bases for power projection and a big zee . 
  why the pseudo , though , as louis vii was a direct capetians ? 
  too late , ww3 already started , i just received my mobilisation order . 
  great job , op , hope you 're proud of you . 
  oh , i do n't deny the difference , hence the ironic `` of course , uprisings against ourselves , but who is stopping at such details ? '', 
   it 's just that the term `` uprising '' apply to both case ( and also regardless of the morality of its motivations , modalities and consequences ) , and thus / u/morgana81 distinctions seems quite odd to me . 
   other then that one event where you went for killing spreee on people who owned more or was more inteligent then average citizen ... there was no real `` uprising '' in france . 
  well , as english is not my first language i looked up [ the definition of uprising ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/uprising ) :  1 . 
  a popular revolt against a government or its policies ; a rebellion . 
  the act or an instance of rising or rising up . 
  [ on another source ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/uprising ) :  a usually violent effort by many people to change the government or leader of a country so yeah , there is many , many exemples of such uprisings in france 's history . 
   you actually still have same problems going on ... people who are less fortunate , less money , less inteligence blowing things up in 2016 . 
  i do n't see ( and never intended to see ) `` actually and definitively solve the problems which caused the revolt '' included in the definition of uprising . 
   i do n't consider slaughtering people just because they own more then you `` uprising '' . 
  pretty sure these are uprisings , as long as the people slaughtering intend to change the government or its policies . 
  not saying it 's bad or good , just how the terminology works . 
  [ well , as i said , i only spoke of the most famous :p ] ( http://lyceedudauphine.chez.com/chronologierevoltesfrance.pdf ) . 
  we did invent the word barricade ( in 1588 ) , and the 19th century uprisings had the tendency to actually have results ( part of how you get 12 regime changes in less than 100 years ) . 
  but it was more a joke than a serious comparison , 
  it was an joke/allusion , with my french flair , to the well-known historical fondness of french for uprisings ( 1789 , 1830 , 1848 ( twice ) , 1871 ... to take the most famous ) . 
  of course , uprisings against ourselves , but who is stopping at such details ? 
  the metaphore could be spread to any cultural phenomenon . 
  somebody said `` history full of uprisings '' ? 
  it 's far from impossible to see the rise of a global feeling of belonging stronger than the national feelings of belonging , in the same way that current nations-states have national feeling of belonging stronger than regional feeling of belonging . 
  the policy toward qatar was made under sarkozy . 
  under holland france shifted toward saudi arabia . 
  still gulf states , though . 
  i do n't think the military is the better trained/suited to do this though . 
  complete door to door by the police would be possible and probably useful from a security point of view , but it would n't be some panacea either . 
  hence the `` had many trouble '' . 
  if i had to pick the biggest though it would definitively be political instability . 
  it will be either under the command of a supranational body on which no government has a veto right , or a council of 28 countries that need to reach unanimity to decide something . 
  from a member 's point of view , either something that you do n't control or something that does n't move . 
   you are indeed correct . 
  first it was tribes then city states , then countries , then it `` unions '' and soon a world government and then planets and so on .
