  well , nato provides a framework for military cooperation/exercices/joint interventions between members states , so it is n't really irrelevant outside of article v . this slight correction aside , sorry for the unnecessary rant of my compatriot in this thread . 
  or with a country who like intervening in middle east and south america ? 
  i agree that when geopolitical interests are too differents , it is not a wise idea to rush toward a common army . 
  but problems can be solved , interests shared , and a closer collaboration be pursued between the nations who already have convergent interests and a close relationship inside the eu . 
  balance is restored . 
  then why did n't i get an upvote ? 
   three presidents sit down to discuss the border conflict . 
  they ca n't reach an agreement . 
  so one scorpion team member saves the situation by encouraging them to drink alcohol instead of talking . 
  because that 's how we resolve international conflicts in baltics/eastern europe . 
  ~ ~ well , at least they got something right ~ ~ outrageous !, 
  holy sh % # !!, 
  or guilty of spying for germany because he was a jew, 
  a ~ ~ french ~ ~ hungarian paid by the german spied on the french army 's secrets . 
  the french army discovered it but caught the wrong guy , which happened to be a french jew officer , henri dreyfus . 
  evidence that it was * not * the good guy started to build up , but the army and the war minister did n't wanted to admit they had been wrong . 
  a lot of anti-semitics guys considered him coupable because bias and a lot of anti-military people considered the army to be in the wrong because bias . 
  long and harsh arguments inside the nation , the families and friends ensued . 
  basically , the socialist party exagerate the weight of the national front on the political scene to remotivate its electors and make then go vote to the elections ( here the departementales in ten days ) . 
  and valls in particular is very present on this subject to counter accusations from his side of not being enough a true socialist . 
  actually , that 's good for the competitiveness of the eurozone . 
  if you want the eurozone to became very uncomfortable ans its exit a more seducing option , you should hope for a very strong euro . 
  not exactly in france , [ but ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xdy49l_gerard-holtz-et-les-fils-de-putte_news ) ... hon hon hon, 
  that 's ... so completely surreal . 
  seems like a parody , with two `` normal '' kids of suburbs showing immaturely their muscles , except they have kalashnikov . 
  they really do n't know/understand what the fuck is really going on . 
  except the bad stuff . 
  well , it gave me an occasion to put in perspective my view on the way civilisation should deal with the cautionned use of violence . 
  i would have put this under / u/hoffman anyway . 
  good teamwork . 
  ahah , it was maybe not a good pr move , perhaps it discouraged people to read the long text i have written . 
  in fact , i first read your username and thought `` damn , am i * that * soporific ? '', 
  as a french , i can but acquiesce to the ideal of seeing our country more independant from the americans ( still love you guys , but muh sovereignty ) and thus more present in the international scene . 
  but things are not ready yet , and just fusionning our military and putting them under the order of a supranational entity would be ... quite stupid , and an exemple of how idealism can blind people . 
  we lack : - a common foreign policy . 
  - a solidarity of people of each country toward each others , and the view that an attack on another european country is more or less the same thing that an attack on one 's country . 
  - a shared sense of protection of interests . 
  exemple of a problematic : france is invested in africa . 
  mali get destabilised/invaded by jihadists . 
  it is a major problem for mali , its neighbors and france . 
  it is a minor problem for some of the european countries which have slight interests in north-africa , who feel threatened by the devlopment of djihadism , or who may be subject to a collateral flow of immigrants . 
  it is of almost no consequences for most of the europeans countries . 
  thus , only france intervene , and manage to rally a few partners to assist her a bit mostly because they are friends/allies of france and some minor considerations of their own . 
  had france 's army and leadership be diluted among the 28 , there would have been most likely no intervention in mali , and certainly not this strong . 
  - disparity of how much each nation ( both the government and the population ) is willing to invest money and risk the lives of its citizens in an armed conflict . 
  we touch here to deep cultural differences . 
  so , what should we do ? 
  how to solve the problem ? 
  two differents matters here : - the european solidarity will grow with european integration ( erasmus is a good example of a big step in this way ) as well as the convergence of interests and thus a real common foreign policy . 
  so , things are advancing with the rest here . 
  - we can not wait for the complete convergence to increase our inter-operationnality and thus the efficiency of our spendings and the span of our global presence . 
  and we can not be sure to resolve in a satifactory matter the divergence of military ( or pacifists/neutral ) cultures . 
  we must thus in the short and medium term ( next years and decades ) increase cooperation between the countries who already have a substantial convergence on this subject . 
  franco-british and franco-german cooperation are develloping with their highs and their lows , but going in the good way ( in particular with the british , but the state companies who developed the leclerc and the leopard are looking for a fusion , for exemple ) , and it should follow the same path with italy , spain , and other countries willing . 
  already thanks to nato norms it is much easier to work together on the field . 
  we need to go toward more common operations ( we already have some mutual logistic help , we will go further , and perhaps one of these days we will use one of those joint franco-british or franco-german corps on the ground ) and a more common militaro-industrial complex , to spend better our money , economise on development and improve our arms exportations . 
  overall confident in the way things are evolving , as long as we do n't cut our military budgets beyond what we already did ( and with the current crisis , i think that the governments and the population are starting to understand that ) . 
  or we think that in a civilised country , it is best to refine the use of violence , to make it an extremely efficient although brutal tool , then to separate it of the normal civilian lives , to place it in a closet and to use it only when deemed necessary by the order of the state , with , to avoid misuse of violence against its citizens , a division of power of the state , a monitoring by the medias and the population , and a deeply rooted culture of obedience , legalism and discretion/non-ingerence in the military . 
  i blame [ this sketch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgnnkstb2mu ), 
  but do n't you use `` computer '' instead of `` ordinateur '' ? 
  oh yeah , your point was totally valid . 
  i just chose to take the opportunity to apport some nuance . 
  i am not a specialist on nuclear winter . 
  but i think that the atmosphere and the oceans would be more than capable of efficiently diluting the radioactive particules at the global scale . 
  really serious fallout will occur in the area of the impact and where radioactive rain have poisoned the earth ( but took a good chunk of the particles out of the air ) in the days/weeks after the impact . 
  beyond ... well , more cancers and deformations for a while , but not that threatening , i think . 
  i should search more on this interesting , if morbid , subject . 
  oh yeah , a lot of people would starve to death . 
  it would be horrible in the densely populated regions , and they would get most of the fallout from the near bombed cities . 
  but even in these areas , once you reach a low number of people because of starvation , radiation and infightings , i think it would become manageable and possible to survive to the nuclear winter and the complete chaos it brought . 
  and some areas would fare much better than others , thanks to isolation , light population , access to reserves or sources of food not too diminuted . 
  no , really , i do n't see world population going lower than hundreds of thousands . 
  and we only need some hundreds of people in the same area to avoid extinction . 
  still not a really pleasant scenario . 
  naaah , destruction of most of the big cities and nuclear winter would n't bring the extinction of our specie . 
  `` just '' the end of our civilisation and a giant jump back in time in pretty much every domains . 
  i totally agree with your post . 
   `` such an army would help us to create a mutual foreign and security policy so we can bear the responsibilities europe has in the world . '', 
  seriously , this way of thinking is how we got a common currency without a common economic policy first . 
  an army without european solidarity and defined/shared common strategic interests would just be uselessly sitting around . 
  would the others members have agreed to intervene in mali , for exemple ? 
  and in time for an efficient intervention ? 
  if the goal of the army is a defensive alliance , we have nato and article v ( and relevant military powers such as uk and france with economical and political ties pushing them to military solidarity with the other eu members ) . 
  if the goal is to be able to send armed missions , we still have a looooong way to walk in term of political solidarity and defined goals before creating a common army . 
  not if you try to secede from the eu and that we use this pretext to lead a european coalition against you first !, 
  `` come on guys , really ?!, 
  what the deal with this fourth crusade ? 
  now you 're just asking for excommunication ! '', 
  well no , if we see it as a french word and ignore how we 're supposed to say it in english , we would say `` khnob '' , pronouncing the k. 
  i think that people should keep in mind that one of the biggest reason ( if not the main reason ) for putin 's actions are to keep ukraine from entering nato . 
  from here , to say that perhaps putin is a madman who might view nato as void if their members do n't act strongly in ukraine appear as understandable but clearly unfounded claims . 
  the thing is : each countries ' economies are far too much interwined to not help our neighbors ( and i 'm not even speaking in diplomatical and inter-population extremely close relationships ) . 
  might as well keep an alliance reflecting it and use the military collaboration we get in return as an effective tool . 
  well , diverse intelligence service have practiced kidnapping and assassination inside nato borders ( i remember an assassination by the mossad in paris in the 90s , i think , and i 'm sure we can find others examples , even if most cases are probably not known to the public ) , and i have never really seen it interpreted as a possible cause of activation of article v. 
  oh , maximilian was a good king ? 
  well at least something good came out of it , outside of silver and glory for the french . 
  learned something today : here , have a [ loosely related french song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_lsdwlsdjq ) . 
  splendid . 
  and to be fair the ones being a bit vocal about it are more the police union . 
  the one making the declaration here is from the gendarmerie , technically military but still not the guys you send in expedition .
