  and how does it change in function of religiousness and social situations of families ? 
  we 'll just have to procreate faster than you , then . 
  ^ ^ or ^ ^ we ^ ^ could ^ ^ cheat ^ ^ and ^ ^ push ^ ^ for ^ ^ scotland 's ^ ^ independance, 
  * he waits in the [ invalides ] ( http://www.musee-armee.fr/en/collections/museum-spaces/dome-des-invalides-tomb-of-napoleon-i.html ) , his eyes closed . 
  soon , the time will come , when france is strong enough . 
  soon , the grande arm\u00e9e shall walk under the brandburg gate and use the channel tunnel for its true purpose . 
  * * soon ... * ( if only / u/prufrock451 was lurking on this thread ... ), 
  yep . 
  but indeed , the traditionnally catholics families are pushing up birth rate as they often have more than 1 or 2 children like most families , emigrants aside . 
  ( i suspect it is one of the reason for the red west and perhaps the red south ) . 
  there is cultural differences too , where the causes and the norms are more difficult to determine . 
  i remember my sister ( who work in germany ) telling me that in germany , a substantial number of couples have one ( if any ) children around 22-25 years and then have or not another around 30 years , and that it seemed a bit odd to them when she told them that she had four children ( she is 34 ) . 
  i remember that france had a demographic transition kind of different from the rest of europe back in the time , too . 
  well , to use your own words :  get a fucking life, 
  it 's just easier to reduce military spending that touch to , well , anything else . 
  the army shut its mouth , and the government get no strikes . 
  plus , as long as you are not in a conflict , you can always say that it 's useless . 
  well , maybe it could bite the country in the ass later , but that 's later , and think of the next elections , which are just in a few months/years !, 
  well , if it indeed costed to the state money from the healthcare system and that the consommation of these substances , or others , affected society in some sense ( trouble of public order , cases of violence , loss of productivity ... etc ) , the state could have some pretty good claims to support such ingerence . 
   the fear of german hegemony in europe is likely nowhere so great as it is in france ah ah no , that 's exagerrated . 
  we got a long way since ww2 with reconciliation and `` franco-german friendship '' . 
  germans are seen are serious and efficient , are looked kind of as a model and as our most important economical partner . 
  there is some envy and some worry over the fact that we may not been seen as equal , but as a second fiddle , but nobody draw a parallelism with the nazis . 
  if a politician did that every other would jump at his throat . 
  even the occasional hostility from the far-left is not well seen by the rest . 
  this article was very interesting , although it seemed quite ... restrained in its bias and sometimes kind of blinded by its historical lecture . 
  i think that the idea that germany is some kind of european hegemon ( even if not assuming itself ) is false : it is first among equals ( even if france is not in good form and the uk keep a hand on the door ) and it can not lead europe alone . 
  it can try to rally otheers members , but it does n't have the means to , alone , boss around other countries ( like the us are able to ) . 
  and in the next decades , this position of first among equal will change of hands and go to another nation , which in turn will not be able to force its position down others ' throat and will need to seek support . 
  the eu can be given its impulsions by two or three strong countries , but not just one , even if germany was willing to do so . 
  well , i must admit that among the potential winners of the presidency , he has my preference . 
  honestly , the only scenario where marine stand a chance to win is if she face hollande and sarkozy . 
  and considering the big impopularity/repulsion they are both generating among the other side , i do not wish for one of these guys to win . 
  a president of the republic , in particular in france , need some global base who , if they did n't all necessarily voted for him , at least accept him as a valable president for the five next years and give him some respect . 
  and not `` 50,1 voted for him ( and half of them will be disapointed in the following year and join the other side ) and 49,9 despise/hate him '' . 
  well , i took `` democracy '' in its large , commonly used today , definition . 
  what i described is what we call a representative democracy , and i made an argument for why we could choose that but not push further . 
  but if you want to make the point that `` democracy '' mean `` power to the people '' and that what we have today are not real democracies in the strict sens of the term , i will completely agree with you on this point . 
  mind you , i am not necessarily `` arguing for '' a model in absolute . 
  democracy ( direct or representative ) , aristocracy ( be it meritocracy or born aristocracy raised to rule ) and monarchy have their advantages and their drawbacks , and depending on the era , the ressources available , the means of communication and the level of education , are each more or less adapted to provide well-being , peace and prosperity to the citizens . 
  it is the principle of division of power : instead of having the ability to do whatever it wants , the government have to convince the population first . 
  ieven if it does n't makes the decision more valid , it takes more time , and make it hard to be bold or audacious in decision making . 
  which is a good thing if these decisions are n't good decisions , and a bad thing in the other case . 
  but it reduce the scale and frequency of big ( for the better and the worse ) moves instigated by the political powers . 
  from the point of view of a careful person , it is a good thing , and from a liberal point of view it is definitively a good thing . 
  plus , you can always hope to perfect the population 's grasp on reality via education and medias , and it tends to be a power against corruption and ( if you interwine the population 's lives with its neighbors of the other countries ) war . 
  well , by facing a even more unpopular sarkozy , 
  well , there is a possibility if she were to face a really impopular hollande in 2017 or , more likely , if the right win the presidency and do a really bad job for five years while the ps fails to form a convincing opposition , in 2022 . 
  now , she need to get elected and to get the majority at the legislatives to get the real power . 
  that is much harder , if not virtually impossible , as things are now . 
   from this starting point , what argument can you make for democracy at all ? 
  a way for the population to keep an eye on the governing body , as opposed to * being * the governing body . 
  the population as a power-con , avoiding efficient government to go too far too quickly in a direction , good or bad . 
  naaah , it would happen . 
  we would not get 80 % / 20 % , but sarkozy would get the majority . 
  people would n't do it for gratefulness , but because for a good portion of the left , even if sarkozy is irritating and seen as a greedy bastard , the fn is basically the great satan . 
  now , a ( * shudder * ) hollande-le pen would be less evident . 
  but anyway , marine would n't get a majority , and when they are n't on the same political side it 's the prime minister who have the true power in the executive duo . 
  exactly the point of my 1 ) and my 2 ) , 
  well , they can always deport the few thousands of inhabitants ( most likely put them in boats and send them away ) / replace them with patriotic settlers , and then put some tens of millions of dollars ( not that much compared to the cost of an invasion and a localised war ) to make it a florishing small economy . 
  plus , they got oil in the territorial waters , i think . 
  but i think that they understood the lesson : relying on the idea of `` britain will not/cannot project power to * take the islands back * '' is not a good idea , and they can not afford the international isolation , in particular : 1 ) considering the state of their economy 2 ) that we are in a more globalised world , inter-dependant that in the 1980s 3 ) that a democratised country is less prone to overlook the bad economical consequences ( and the dead of their soldiers ) that a dictature . 
  still a good scapegoat and a cheap way of rallying people around the flag ( and the government ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  considering his stubborness and the fact that he was strongly catholic , i do n't think that `` considering suicide '' went further that a mere afterthought in the middle of brooding and poutting . 
  but indeed , it 's totally possible , and something that we will never know for sure . 
  well , * reportedly * considered suicide . 
  personnally , i do n't buy it . 
  well , ideally , every nation would ike to produce its own important technology . 
  but well , these things have a cost . 
  france is a good exemple of a nation trying to keep its military and energetic independance but struggling because money . 
  all considered , i would still say that france is a pretty reliable provider . 
  even with the huge ukraine crisis , russia will get its mistrals once it 's over , in one or two years , without the absurd delays and additionnal costs of the indian carrier . 
  well , at least our industry perfectly respected delays and quality of product , which was the problem here . 
  sorry , could n't resist too . 
  hum ... i do n't find the idea of citizenship by investment/passports for sale unthinkable . 
  the union need money if it want to heal its citizens , to finance an army ... etc. 
  but such a program ( and the definition of the requirement ) should be decided on the european level , as it engage every eu states . 
  well , mayotte recently became a french department , and its birth rate was 4.1 in 2012 . 
  we are not impressed . 
  speak for you , and look a my blue color . 
  sure , i 'd like it darker but well , at least it 's not red . 
  ^ damn ^ commies, 
  well , you have some light blue in there , so do n't despair !, 
  you are probably correct . 
  looking at it , france is seemingly able to deploy ( and sustain ) more land troops that britain ( which strikes me as one of the most important , if not the most important , component of power projection ) . 
  on which area would you say that britain have more means/capacity ? 
  i disagree with your statement : when an army is able to intervene in a remote area a get a job done swiftly and efficiently , they are significant . 
  we are in an era of assymetrical conflicts . 
  what matter is n't gathering allies to win a war ( because yes , the americans can ` win ' their wars by themselves ) , it 's about lessening the burden in money , blood and diplomatical pression . 
  i understand your point , however i feel that saying : `` yeah , but they can only act efficiently on small and medium scale operation , we have n't tested them in a large scale operation '' , while not false , is not that relevant when what is needed nowadays in almost every situations is a good ability to project power on small and medium scale operations . 
  well , the thing is not so much to be able to win a conventionnal war ( because we can , as of now , win such a war against any neighbors of the eu , even all of them at once ) . total war against those neighbors is * not * a strategical priority to prepare for . 
  the ability to efficiently send expeditionnary corps ( project power ) is far more important . 
  if , for exemple , turkey had a military conflict ( again ) with greece , if we can intervene and change the outcome of the conflict in a matter of days , it will weight really heavily in the balance at the negociations and when we are telling one of the protagonist to stop their aggression . 
  and if we are able to do that * without * us support , then we wo n't need the us diplomatical agreement and will gain in sovereignty and independance ( and efficience if our interests are divergents from the us ' one on this matter ) . 
  same thing if we need to intervene in an african country , or in the middle-east . 
  not saying that unilateralism and interventionism is the way to go or the norm to promote , but if you want to be treated seriously and weight in international discussion , you need to have all the options at your disposition . 
  that 's the logic behind france 's nuclear arsenal , for example . 
  honestly , france did n't really underwent austerity , except for the army . 
  defense 's budget has been disproportionnaly cut , because the army does n't complain and have no unions , so it is quite easy to get money here .
