   france voted a 450m budget allowed for defence , and ended up spending more than 1,1 b because of decisions made by the eu . 
  yeah , that 's not really true . 
  450m is the budget planified for external operations . 
  and like each time , we ended up spending more , in occurence 1,1 b. 
  the interventions arguably profited to the eu as a whole , but were not really made by the eu . 
  well , there is some possible measure to take between `` doing nothing about it '' and `` footing the bill '' . 
  like not taking into account for the deficit the operations beneficiating to europe 's security , stability and interests . 
  that is what is asked . 
  obviously , an agreement is needed . 
  that why they say that `` the debate is legitimate '' . 
   as a mediterranean country france does n't give a damn about the chaos caused by human smugglers at the moment . 
  on the contrary , there was some big noise recently about it . 
  the issue is probably not as discuted on a regular basis that it should be , but france is definitively one of the more active european country on this subject . 
  note : the article does n't mention luxembourg . 
  the title is edited , misleading and loaded . 
  and it is n't as simple when interests are convergents . 
  it is n't that far stretched to advocate for taking out of the deficit equation the same operation that enabled to bring more stability in mali and thus beneficied to europe as a whole ( even freeing a dutch hostage thanks to it ) . 
  of course it require an agreement before . 
  that 's why it is brought to the table . 
  this is why france ask for excluding only opex ( external operations like mali , car and irak ) who are useful for europe security and interests . 
  the title is misleading and the quote is false . 
  am i the only one shocked by how the title have been edited ? 
  i know that the article is in french , but people should do some slight verification , or wait for some , before jumping at france 's throat . 
  i 'm not even speaking of the author of the thread which is deceiving everybody here . 
  seriously , the quoted phrase in the title of this thread is n't the title of the article . 
  it is n't here in the article . 
  it does n't even mention luxembourg !, 
  ** translation of the title : ** `` must bruxells takes into account the military burden of france ? '', 
  ** translation of jean-yves le drian ( french minister of defense ) official tweet : ** `` european security burden not fairly distributed . 
  legitimate to think about excluding opex [ external operations , like mali , car or current anti-isis intervention in irak ] from public deficit [ in the calculs made in the exigence of budget health from brussels ] '' edit : typo and emphasis, 
  no , you are structb . 
  but that 's a common mistake . 
  [ 3105 penguins exactly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islanders ) , or , as we call them sometimes , anglo-saxons . 
   legally , perhaps , i 'm not saying that we should have strong laws to restrict free speech ( i 'm not really for an absolute free speech either . 
  words have sometimes as much weight than acts ) . 
  but morally , we should n't encourage people to behave like dicks and think that it helps the debate . 
  legally , perhaps , i 'm not saying that we should have strong laws to restrict free speech ( i 'm not really for an absolute free speech either . 
  words have sometimes as much weight than acts ) . 
  but morally , we should n't encourage people to behave like dicks and think that it helps the debate . 
  what is the opinion in sudan ( and the region in general i guess ) of a possible intervention in libya ? 
  what is the opinion on france ? 
  on the other hand , i 'd prefer ideas to respond in a reasonable manner to objections brought in a reasonable manner . 
  being rude , disrespectful or hateful is often just nuisible to the debate , to the discovering of truth and to our relations with each others . 
  depends on your definition of `` proven beyond any reasonable doubt '' . 
  we can never prove something fully , for we can not even be sure that we can trust the means by which we perceive the world . 
  but evolution is pretty solid , and creationism quite lacking of convincing arguments in this era . 
  well , at worse the bioshpere will for a ( at the scale of the planet ) very short moment become slightly less diversified , then try diverse things and then relatively stabilise like before . 
  yes , i know this theory . 
  a strong part of france 's population and politicians wanted revenge before ww1 . 
  they wanted to take back alsace-mozelle and erase the humiliation of 1870 . 
  it was only a matter of when , and of how we could manage that . 
  there is several reasons why another war in the next century between france and germany is near-impossible : - ww1 and ww2 have had a deep impact on our two nations . 
  they are basically europe 's suicide , the illustration of how such wars have no victors , and as long as we keep alive this memory ( and we are currently doing it well ) , the informations about how they came to be , we will avoid another war at all cost . 
  - economical convergence was perhaps big in 1914 * in comparison to what it was before * , but it is nowhere near the level of today . 
  it is ridiculously obvious that a war would be like both shooting ourselves in the foot , in the best scenario . 
  - demographical convergence : a substantial number of our population is interwined : they work on the other side of the border , sometimes even work there , sometimes even married there . 
  and they have family members back in their country . 
  these individuals , and everybody they personnally know , would pressure extremely hard against any conflict . 
  these two last points can be extrapoled at the scale of the eu . 
  the european project is not the reason why we did n't have a war since 1945 . 
  it was because of the trauma left by world wars , the soviet threat and the pax americana . 
  but the eu can be the * guarantee * that another war wo n't break free in europe , and not just between france and germany . 
  thinking about it , what makes turkey more `` european '' that , say , tunisia or morocco ? 
  edit : it 's quite sad getting downvoted like this . 
  i do not advocate for anything of push any agenda , i merely ask a question . 
  tunisia have been heavily `` europeanised '' by its proximity with europe , by tourism , and of course by french colonisation which lasted for more than a century . 
  historically , maghreb have substantially interfered with the rest of europe : the ties between morocco and the muslim part of spain , the pirates of alger , the crusade of louis ix who died before tunis ... etc, 
  ... i wonder if it would make a legit question for / r/askhistorians, 
  ... i 'm fairly certain history can come up with some even weirder stuff ... 
  when french is not dominating the world and reveling in global relevance , it is dying . 
   if by `` siberian native '' you mean indigenous peoples then there 's very little of them left i need but one case to do a counter-example  but yeah i could have taken a more striking example . 
  i 'm just not * that * versed in russia to easily find the best ones . 
  because it seemed to most people ( me included ) that the question was in the title and a comment in the post . 
  and that the culture of a nation is extremely linked to its history . 
  but who defines `` human rights '' , huh ? 
  who decide what are the `` objectively good things '' ? 
  it depends on what you mean by `` russia '' . 
  it is an huge entity far from being homogenous . 
  are siberian native culturally european ? 
  or inhabitants of the areas bordering kazakhstan and china ? 
  but if we consider that western russia is demographically and politically predominant by far , and thus mean `` western russia '' when speaking about russia , then yes . 
  plenty of reasons have been advanced in this threas : religion , language , trade , intense historical ties . 
  `` russia '' is culturally european . 
  i understand your point , but `` culturally european '' strongly implied that the historical identity is to be considered . 
   but eu relations would not be good with fascists states . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  it 's not like the question was `` is russia diplomatically european '' or something like that . 
  is that irony ? 
  if you are willing to share some knowledge on the matter , i am receptive . 
  they furnished argentina excellent weapons , like every country willing to pay for it , but once the conflict was here , france clearly sided with the british . 
  the problem is that the stake for uk ( and some other countries like france for exemple ) is not to just have a defensive army . 
  for this , article v of nato is quite sufficient . 
  it is to be able to project power to protect its interests ( be it by actual intervention or by the simple diplomatical weight that this ability gave them ) . 
  and in these cases , even close alllies do n't ( yet ) send their own soldiers to protect your interests and your credibility at your place if you made the choice to intervene ... the uk went alone for the falklands ( although the us and france gave them substantial logistical and intel help ) and france went alone in mali ( although the us and the uk gave them substantial logistical and intel help ) . 
  honestly , it just feels like the people doing the map wanted to put europe on the list to push an agenda . 
  i do n't understand why it is registered as such on this map . 
  you can clearly mock religion at least in france , and some have no problem doing so ( exemple : charlie hebdo . 
  it 's ( imo ) bad taste , mean and petty , but it 's legal ), 
  i agree . 
  but more than half an hour = / = one or two hours .
