  sure , it is bad for the long term , but who care when the next elections are at sight and that you need to find money and that you do n't want any serious strikes/protestations ? 
  i think this poll had already showed on this sub , and a very good hypothesis was that the wording of the translation was responsible ( we do n't have an exact analog to `` looking forward '' , they could have choose the analog of `` to be impatient '' , which is n't the same , in particular if the poll was n't in december ) . 
  it would makes much more sense that half our population disliking christmas . 
  well , if you say something like `` i totally have the ability to completely destroy your country , you know ? 
  '' , it is true , but it is still a threat , in particular in diplomatical language . 
  using the damocles ' sword of nukes to coerce another country is technically bullying too , and a really unsubtle one . 
   for all the quoted problems of dealing with the impact of budget cuts , we are merely five years further ahead on the same curve france travels . 
  indeed . 
  but perhaps , due to our recent operations and the attentat in paris , ( and perhaps some opponent getting elected in 2017 and holding possible electoral promises on these matters ) , we will change the curve before it really criple our abilities . 
  already the government choose to strongly limit the planned reductions . 
  now , time to find the money somewhere ... 
  then thank you for your willingness to put yourself and your previous modus operandi in question . 
  we 're making the internet a saner and healthier place one sensible step at a time . 
  i think that this sub is n't afraid of discussion , in particular on how europeans perceive each other . 
  you should perhaps rather have asked redditors what they think the perception of eastern europe is in their countries , then , for exemple , if there is truly an increasing bias against estern europeans and why is there a bad perception of roma among a substantial number of europeans . 
  i fear that your title gained more repulsion and feeling of agression than traction . 
  and people willing to discuss despite it were probably quite confused by what seemed implied . 
  your title , and most of your posts in this thread clearly equal a `` all west europeans hate '' . 
  seriously , look at your title : you can not tell me that it is n't a gross generalisation ( and as a side note , it looks kind of a provocation or an insult to western european ) generalisations are false by nature , and thus are bad if you want a rigorous perception of reality . 
  they are really easy to understand and thus good to communicate a rough idea quickly . 
  when we go inside a controversial subject , it became necessary to use accurate tools to be more precise . 
  this bad opinion of roma does n't come out of thin air . 
  there is a lot of incidents ( violence , thieves , degradations ... ) caused by the roma . 
  it create a generalised weariness about them , not necessarily unjustified . 
  now , all generalisations are false , but you are technically doing the same thing ( and in a far less justificated way ) by accusing the western europeans as a whole . 
   none of the main cannons of modern tanks are capable of penetrating its armour . 
  not the first time i have seen that claim . 
  i 'd very much like to have some source . 
  have the cannons of all those tanks been tried on it with different angles and proved unable to damage it ? 
  or does it just come of a particulary strong `` we have the best tank '' boasting ? 
  ( because we have the same boasting here in france . 
  and looking at the price i dare hope that it was true , at least when it entered service ), 
  i say it again , far-right are n't specially focused on eastern europeans . 
  you are far less relevant to political discussions that what you seems to imply . 
  i said `` you have roma '' because gypsies are really badly seen in western europe , because there is a lot of incidents with them . 
  and they are indeed associated ( at least in france ) with romania . 
  this association is indeed regretful . 
  but saying there is a bias against romania does n't mean there is a bias against the rest of eastern europe . 
  they are rather well seen . 
  at least not worst than , say , portugueses , and better than non-european immigrants . 
  well , they might think that entering the eu was a bad move , but that exiting the union now would have really bad effects . 
  the cia strikes again . 
  or the jews . 
  or more likely , the jews inside the cia . 
  that 's completely arbitrary . 
  so , at 13 weeks he is a legitimate human being and at 11 weeks he is not ? 
  and genetically speaking , he is a human being . 
  that is at least one meaningful sense , whatever criteria you use to consider someone/something human or not , and arguably a better one that `` the heart did n't start pumping blood '' or he is n't out of the womb '' . 
   she was ** putin ** things into there through ... what is wrong with me too much concerns about russia as of late maybe ? 
  there is other `` skin colors '' that black and white . 
  arab and asians are exemples . 
  `` white '' is more something linked to a general facial morphology + slight variation in skin color that a real statement of the skin color . 
   what little activities some of us have ( france/gb ) are irrelevant compared to china or the us . 
  i disagree with `` irrelevant '' . 
  we have less means , but we still spy on them with some efficience . 
  that they are better at spying does n't mean our efforts are fruitless , far from it . 
  and we do actually spy . 
  the 9-14 eyes agreement is a base on which we share intel , but the biggest european nations do have spying agencies able to do intelligence gathering and economical spying . 
   just as they are against any competition . 
  yep . 
  because we are in concurrence with every other countries . 
  including the us . 
   we are ruled , they have had a better hand since 1945 , and they currently hold a better hand , and have a better hand for the coming decades . 
  i dislike hyperboles in political discussions . 
  the us having a better hand does n't mean that we are ruled . 
  we do as we can with what we have , and it 's substantial . 
  we * are * sovereign nations , and with enough means to have some leverage on a lot of issues . 
  sure it is a hardship for the woman , and one in which she should be strongly supported , but it does n't naturally legitimate abortion : is the rape the child 's fault ? 
  when and why do the child 's life became irrelevant , or at least completely second to the woman 's distress ? 
  because it 's more convenient ? 
  because it is easier to not consider him a a human being when we do n't see him outside the womb ? 
  well , reality is complex , and we are more in a complicated mix of vassality and concurrence with the us : we spy on them as they spy on us , we sometimes take divergent foreign positions , our companies are against each others ... to deny it and say that we are ruled by the us just because they weight more than us and have a better hand for the moment is to my mind unjustified . 
  and we enter a true multipolar world , believing that we are `` changing masters '' is a simplistic and untrue description . 
  you said there was poll showing west europeans `` hating '' east europeans . 
  i 'd like to see them . 
  you claim that it is obvious that east europeans are bashed in our medias and by our politics , even while we , who live in western europeans countries and thus see a lot more of our medias , disagree on this . 
  unless you spend a lot of time monitoring spanish , italian , german , british ... etc medias and politics , i think that your opinion/observation on this subject does n't have much weight and i am afraid that you are under some delusion perhaps acquired by your medias ( would like to see what kind of medias you look at ) , or your personnal convictions . 
  inamical/agressive/anxious reaction to immigration ( or `` xenophobia '' if you prefer ) is a standard feature among any countries , and do n't specifically target east europeans . 
  honestly , countries such as spain , france and italy are n't really concerned/bothered by eastern european immigration , and much much more by immigration from the other side of the mediterranean sea . 
  yes , you have roma , but even eastern european do n't like them . 
  yes , there is eastern european mafia ( eastern europe is much more corrupt than western europe and since the fall of the iron curtain a lot of nefarious business came from the east ) but italian and corsican mafia get a lot more noise in france for exemple , and that does n't mean we `` hate '' them or you . 
  more realistically , everybody is a rival of everybody . 
  there are just some rival nations with which we make some alliances against others . 
  there are only three possibilities for countries : concurrence , vassality or fusion . 
  ( they can makes different choices depending of the domains ), 
  well , he was n't president then . 
  and did n't do it behind his then-wife 's back , because they had already split ( altough not divorced . 
  she came back for a moment , then they divorced ) . 
  but yeah , depending on your criterias , you could consider it 5 vs 2 . 
  pompidou after him was clean too ( although he was once victim of rumors of libertinage with his wife , fabricated by his opponents ) . 
  then valerie giscard d'estaing , miterrand and chirac definitively were quite flighty . 
  and for hollande , well ... sarkozy did n't have an affair per see , but broke with his companion at the start of the presidential mandate ( she quited , apparently she wanted to do so for a while but waited for the presidential race to end to do that ) . 
  then he became happily married to a top model . 
  so technically that 's 4 vs 3 for presidential unfaithfulness . 
   largest force in europe uh ? 
  i mean , the commonwealth was a force to be reckoned with in eastern/central europe , but largest force in europe ? 
  now , i would like some sources or at least a reasoning to back this claim , 
  africa had almost no nation-states ( there was exception , but not enough at the scale of the continent ) : if today colonialism had n't happened , the myriad of ethnic and tribal divisions would have given us probably no powerhouses , and only a few really united relevant nations . 
  of course , if they had stayed alone for a few more centuries/millenia , nation-states and empires creating common civilisational ground could absolutely have emerged . 
  now , under which shapes and power-level , that 's quite impossible to tell .
