  [ well , there is a visual tree at least , even if there is no links ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/switcharoo/comments/3ogtrs/a_data_visualisation_of_roos/ ), 
  so you consider russia , france and the uk to be superpowers ? 
  eh , if the population become more and more chinese ... i agree that in the current scenario , it 's not worth the trouble , but in the case of a very weakened russia ( like post-ussr boris eltsine , or weaker ) and an audacious china , i would n't consider this completely impossible . 
  i 'm sure that the russian generals planning war scenarii do n't either . 
  he seems rather right : a good exemple is ukraine : theorically thousands of soviet era tanks in reserve , in practice they were not serviceable and had to be worked upon ( the least damaged , using pieces of the others ) to `` produce '' serviceable tanks from the stocks . 
  then again anti-recidive is n't necessarily the primary goal of prison . 
  which states ? 
  genuinelly curious . 
  the institutionnaly structure of the eu is kind of unique , between a confederation and a federation . 
  would be too much of a stretch to deem it federal , imo , with the different armies , foreign policies and possibility to unilatterally quit the union . 
  sarkozy is n't a parangon of virtue but i do n't view politicians in a `` completely corrupt or clean '' mindset . 
  and i think that you might overestimate their margin of action : the conjecture and the economical crisis did far much to the country that whatever they have done ( on this point i judge hollande much more sternly than sarkozy , who had to unnexpectedly deal with the crisis just one year after a campaign on purchase power , whereas hollande had time and detachment to evaluate the crisis but came to power completely unprepared ) . 
  but yeah , it 's not good for our institutions to have a president too divisive or unpopular . 
  without reaching the point of revolution ( the right is too legalist and the left do n't really manage to push a convincing alternative ) , it tends to deteriorate the political and public climate of the country and the feeling of national unity . 
  bah , they 're irritating and annoying , but they 're not monsters that will make rain fire and doom on our lands . 
  it will just be five more years of `` meh '' and cringing and sighing from time to time . 
  goddamnit palestine , you stole our rightfull place from one mere point !, 
  probably part of the global americano-sionist conspiracy . 
  better dislike , just in case . 
  you think you hate yourself and are always complaining ? 
  you do n't know the start of it ... 
  the thing is : a part of those that dislike him are just `` meh '' rather than really hating him , and those that really dislike him are more from the right , and the right is much more legalist than the left , so no riots/moves toward a revolution . 
  and really , it 's a tribute to the strenght and stability of the institutions of the 5th republic that such an unpopular figure can stay in power for all his five year-mandate . 
  well , a few decades away . 
  kind of the same thing for the other threats ( except nuclear winter , but we got it under reasonable control ), 
  [ i knew it !, 
  ] ( http://www.dramabutton.com/ ) well , good luck for the next game and may english blood drip of your shoes . 
  i 'll be impatient to hear new tales of glory after 9/01 . 
  so the hound is / u/ilikemoneytoo ? 
   look at the map  see glorious france standing tall in europe and the world  read the description  go back to the map and see that indeed , london is in french hands . 
  rejoice , it 's already christmas !, 
  congratulations to france 's player ( players apparently ) , the nation is proud of you , may you spread the glory that is france to the furthest corners of the world , in particular the british isles ( also scotland and spain bff , plz no war ) . 
  the more you study history , the more you understand that cutting history into `` era '' is just a convenient but arbitrary thing . 
  radical change , even at the national level , usually takes decades and several generation . 
  we 're speaking here of `` reaching an idealistic goal '' and saying it comes by slow and gradual change and not abrupt . 
  because abrupt change are ultimately pushed by but a fraction of society and need to be accepted by society as a whole to be durable , and if too abrupt will simply create a reject/reaction against the change or the chaos that it brought . 
  the acceptation of some revolutionnary ideals ( and the disparition of others ) in france will take decades , through 1789 , 1792 , 1793 , the directory , the empire , the restauration , the jully monarchy , 1848 , the second empire , 1870 ... etc . 
  it 's the perfect illustration of a project trying to go the `` abrupt '' way rather than the reform and still failing to impose itself quickly . 
  of all the metropolitan ( read : not polynesia , new caledonia , guyana or other ) french regions , the only one with a real will to become independant is corsica . 
  the thing is : they do n't have the means . 
  alone and without france 's financial support their future would n't be bright . 
  only the mafioso and those blinded by sheer corsican nationalism ( both are not exclusive ) want independance . 
  so i would n't bet on corsica 's independance anytime soon . 
  hum ... no . 
  no , they did n't . 
  it took several centuries for the transition of a foedal system to a centralised monarchy/state , divine right ( which is not really a theocracy , this is when the clergy is in power or when you have cesaro-papism ) took at least a century to strongly erode in europe and is still present in some states nowadays , and black slavery ( i 'm not even talking about latin america slavery or european slavery slowly backing off after the end of the antiquity under christian influence ) spent decades switching on and off in europe and even longer in other states like arabia and mauritania . 
  the french revolution is a big exemple that no , even when it really looks like it is the case , things do not change abruptly like that . 
  it is alas in it 's legendary aspect arguing the contrary . 
  i like how france , austria and a few others go the road of `` i want to feel the walls of civilisation standing around me as i proclaim the law by the will of the people !, 
  '' , whereas the rest go the road of `` state corporation board meeting room '' and the uk just go `` fuck you , i 'm doing a church-like interior !, 
  and stop following france when he tell you hemispheres are cool !, 
  they 're not ! '', 
  also san marino , burn this mural paint ? 
  yes, 
  looking back to the terminology , i may have done some confusion ( or we may have different definitions ) of a parliamentary system . 
  indeed , one could argue that it is because they were consensual that they chose , and were able to keep a parliamentary system . 
  but you 're right to say that there is a lot of different versions.the question of the proportionnality have a big impact on the governmental stability , for exemple . 
  the title imperator basically meant `` victorious general glorified for one day in the streets of rome '' and existed in the republic . 
  it became perpetually associated with the princeps auctoritas because he was seen as being continuously victorious through the armies of rome across the empire . 
  well , there was a roman empire , just not a roman empire . 
  the president have to make promises to get elected and comes from a party . 
  he is necessarily tied to the political scene , to which he 'll get back after a few years so he must not make himself too many ennemies . 
  more stable and effective ? 
  believe me , the july monarchy and the fourth republic : a completely parliamentary system is * not * a very stable one . 
  not to say that presidentialism has n't some massive problems of its own . 
  that 's why most modern countries chose a mixed system . 
  when yiou think about it it 's quite terrifying : if you are a man , you 've got a probability of 1/1000 to suicide each year . 
  cultural homogeneisation took place across the centuries , in some case coming from the central government , in particular in the 19th century , but the analogy with indian native is just ... come on ... i 'm sorry , but it 's completely stupid . 
  you ca n't compare teaching french and not the local language ( when both where practised in the region ) to the children to the eradication and replacement of a population by another . 
  hum ? 
  i would n't say personnally , but i do consider it strange and misleading to show southern france as some independantist bastion where a lot of people would speak occitan . 
  i would just have shrugged/loled at the map if this was an isolated case , but it seems that on reddit and / r/europe a substantial number of people consider this to be a thing . 
  just to be clear : there is no serious independancy movement in the south of france , and statistically speaking virtually nobody indentify itself as `` occitan '' rather than french . 
  then you could divide every territory again and again , just because here and there there must be at least one guy who founded an association/movement , be it seriously or as a joke . 
  what i mean is that instead of risking getting coerced into practicing a religion , you are coerced into not practicing a religion . 
  of course , if that was your intention all along for you , it is pretty neat . 
  in the other case , not so much . 
  religion is n't just an act of faith : it is , and has always been as well a way of life and a code of conduct . 
  to consider that it should be private and has nothing to see with public life ( whereas it influences greatly the society as a whole ) is not some natural conclusion , more like a compromise used to avoid confrontation and to slowly strangle religion . 
  there is this tendency in france , in the name of laicit\u00e9 ( and in continuity with the ideals of the government of 1905 ) to consider every religion-related subject as something almost indecent or taboo . 
  if a country announced that every religion became illegal , one third of this sub would be firmly against this , one third would consider this a bit over the top , and one third would cheer like crazy . 
  i would rather say that it counter a catholic/muslim peer pressure by imposing an agnostic/atheist peer/institutional pressure . 
  laicit\u00e9 is n't that neutral , even if i suppose most people on / r/europe would think that a good thing . 
   how the hell is hollande supposed to be the ultimate authority of islamic truth ? 
  it is certainly not the state 's role to say which interpretation of islam is true . 
  but it is certainly its role to say which ones are compatible with the republic and which ones are n't . 
  yep , i almost linked to it . 
  it 's indeed a move in this direction ( the good one , imo ) . 
  ah , the # 1 ( 987-1715 ) made it for me , 
  and the opposition on this point is basically the big reason why a eu army would be a nonsense today . 
  most nations of the eu would be content with a purely defensive army . 
  only the uk and france have the need and the will to project power , and would tie their hands by a eu army . 
  the good move for the moment would be further integration between groups of nation-states sharing similar strategical goals . 
  like eastern europe , or uk/france . 
  the 19th century was quite hesitant on the subject . 
  in number of men and military budget ? 
  perhaps . 
  but for the will and the means to project power , it would be basically just the uk and france . 
  wait , what ? 
  we 've been doing that ?
