  does n't work against nato , whose maximum push is much bigger than russia . 
  also about the will ukraine was mainly is russia 's sphere of influence , baltic states are strongly in the west 's sphere of influence . 
  of course nato would intervene to saveguard its interests . 
  but invading ukraine was strategically easy/low cos it was basically a client state , and was isolated . 
  it 's completely different of.attacking a country in the west ' area of influence , and a eu and nato member . 
  russia never risked war against the west by attacking ukraine , they clearly would by attacking a baltic state . 
  i do n't think there is the slightest doubt on it for the kremlin . 
  also taking/securing crimea and keeping ukraine out of nato by putting a foot in.donbass is a much bigger gain than taking some small baltic land . 
  easy wars , war you win without too much losses and economic trouble , yes . 
  a stronger one , . or strong enough to inflict substantial damage though ? 
  no , it 's the logical follow-up of the baltic air policy . 
  people need to calm down on fillon `` pro-putinism '' , people here are already circlejerking against this `` putin shill '' . 
  redundancy is a good thing , it reminds people that nato is n't just about the us ' will to protect but a multilateral organisation wih plenty other countries with substantial armies which pledged mutual assistance . 
  yeah , just wanted to point out that this argument was n't necessarily that relevant , in particular in this case . 
  but first necessity products are at a far smaller percentage of 5,8 % , so it 's not that relevant to the increase of 20 % to 22 % . 
  plus vat is the one tax everybody pay and nobody fraud . 
  still though it 's within the same political family so the electorate can easily flow on side or the other ( there is no feeling of `` betraying '' your side as in left/right elections ) , so everything can happen . 
  i think it 's about `` being able to get an abortion even if the baby does n't have a malformation '' . 
  in france it 's ivg , `` interruption volontaire de grossesse '' . 
  he published a book recently on `` the totalitarism of radical islamism '' , so i 'm pretty sure he 's not shy about critisizing islam . 
  ah ah yeah , our electoral system is n't perfect , but it would be pretty lame/dangerous/unrepresentative to have only one turn . 
  eh , ca n't have all the qualities , 
  well it is unlikely but possible * if they face sarkozy * ( in particular since center candidate bayrou would present himself ) . 
  but if it 's not him , the ps wo n't be able to mobilise/unite enough . 
  that 's why hollande is waiting , to know if he has a meager chance , if it 's sarkozy . 
  ah yes , did n't see this one . 
  well it means that there is 30-50 guys in the minusma ( instructors and liaison , i guess ) , but it does n't include the 4000 men of barkhane . 
  anyway , thank you for the provided informations . 
  if you take out of the equation the pavlovian repulsion of the left toward sarkozy , there is virtually no mean for le pen to win in 2017 . 
  still 13000-14000 vs 4000 ( if you have confirmation of the numbers that would be interesting ) . 
  and i think the troops in guyane may be more of a deployement than some un operations . 
  thank you . 
  it 's true than implication in un operations tend to be overlooked . 
  though if you remember right it 's 3500-4000 for 33000 . 
  hardly `` similar numbers '' , no ? 
  eh , she is n't really a racist . 
  if you really wanted to throw accusations , xenophobic would at least be more relevant . 
  but yeah , if people actually brought the discussion on their schizofrenic , populist economic programm , that would have better result than focusing on throwing what are basically moral anathemas . 
  the terrorist attacks in france paradoxally did n't really boost the fn 's score . 
  nationally , 10 000 vote offices across the territory , and the result is the national sum . 
  hey , that 's my line !, 
  well , which numbers exactly are similar ? 
  it 's not so much political corectness than it is twisting words and concepts . 
  all religious consideration aside , someone who ressurect is not a zombie . 
  then zombie is defined by several characteristics than are not present in the christian jesus . 
   as i said , when christianity is involved , people feel an irresistible urge to put down atheists . 
  seriously ? 
  you and every thread about religion on / r/europe and most subreddits is rather an exemple of anti-theists wanting to put down christianity ( and often mocking christians for their `` idiocy ) as soon as it is involved . 
  you seriously lack self-awareness if you believe yourself the victim here . 
   there is n't much you can say to make that statement less stupid i think not using `` zombie '' , which is a completely dishonest wording , would be a good start . 
  you makes me think of creationists who base their critic of evolutionism on the feeling of ridiculousness that we `` comes from monkeys '' . 
  it 's sad that you think that your incredulity is an argument superior in itself to the credulity of others . 
  god , why i am chanelling sisyphe again and discussing religion on / r/europe ? 
  to be fair the tuaregs are divided and have heavy ties with both smugglers and djihadists . 
  if they had a state in the region it would probably become a lawless sanctuary . 
  the real shame is about souhern mali who did n't do much in the last decade to reinforce ties and means in northern mali . 
  do you have a map on the german perspective ? 
  to be honest the economically sensible option would have been to let them go , but we like our global presence . 
  i 'm for it as well , but it 's a bit sad to think that most would probably be for independance if it was economically sound for them . 
  it 's much more about the proximity to the highly used maritime detroit than about yemen . 
  china opened a base there recently too . 
  celtic masterace !, 
  ( or possibly pre-celtic substrat i guess ), 
  it is n't really a discuted or controversial subject . 
  why should it be ? 
  france is happy to have bases from which it can project power and the local government is happy because of economical and diplomatical counterparts . 
   the french however did not like the idea of a common european army and the assembl\u00e9e nationale on the 30th of august 1954 rejected the proposal as such . 
  interestingly , the french were the one who proposed it in the first place . 
  but the fourth republic was n't the most stable/consistent regime we had . 
  the number of undecipherable german private jokes in this thread is \u00fcber neuntausend . 
  1348 is on the line waiting to be crowned . 
  sources ? 
  well , france 's holdings in iberia are cut off from france itself ( by a castillan province and a opm catalonia ) and it have lost its atlantic provinces to england . 
  things are getting slowly uglier for his distant ally poland that is losing against a strengthening muscovy and an ( as usual ) obscenely op ottomans , that also threaten his other allies ( in particular hungary but also italy ) , have encroaching tunis as an ally ( i , the papal states , am currently using a reckless attack of tunis on the knights and a truce otto have on the knights to kick tunis ' teeth despite meager means ) and do n't have any threatening neighbors elsewhere . 
  so yeah , in the current situation , and if there is no substantial diplomatic shifts , things are a bit ugly for france , it 's going great for england , and otto is ready to eat the world further . 
  basically burgundy attacked france too with some allies while castille & england were at war , france and his allies managed to hold the southern line and stabhit burgundy , but then burgundy trucebreaked and attacked again and ottoman joined the war on england 's side . 
  the line crumbled , france lost to england then isolated burgundy lost to france which fed some provinces to his vassal nevers . 
  totally !, 
  there 's countries pickable , what with people not being able to show up or quitting here and there . 
  just join the discord and ask a bit . 
  do n't look at the one eating china , no sir !, 
  he 's just minding his business ~ ~ and starting to eat the world ~ ~, 
  yep , really unfortunate !, 
  i mean , i had a holy war casus belli in my hands , i stumbled and dropped it while around florence , trying to grab things to catch myself and next thing i knew i had all of florence 's possessions in my hands . 
  a shame , really . 
  [ theme song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2g_mwjsmwg ) the vicar of christ , successor of st peter , prince of apostles , servitor of the servitors of god , ** his holiness the pope ** , on his victorious and virtuous enterprises : the first and most pressing threat posed to the bishop of rome was the neighboring city of florence , ruled by an efficient and ambitious republican plutocrat . 
  the threat could not be allowed to breath , and so efforts were taken and after many moves florence was discretly and efficiently isolated diplomatically . 
  an agreement was even made : against 150 ducats the pope would n't contest florence 's claim on sienna for 25 years ... as a man of his word , his holiness did so and left sienna alone ... but did n't left florence alive to profit of it . 
  after relationships with the emperor grew warm enough and the papal states officially entered in the holy roman empire , florence 's ruler was excommunicated while he attacked both sienna and lucca , and the pope declared his lands should be atributed to a more righteous ruler , which just so happened to be himself . 
  with the help of milan to leave nothing to chance , florentine troops were crushed and florence added to the patrimony of st peter . 
  god 's endorsement of this was made clear as he gifted his servitors with a superb pope ( 5/5/6 ) to succeed the one he welcomed in heaven . 
  after this and having celebrated a te deum in the basilic of st john of latran , the papacy helped his milanese ally in his deserved conquest of mantua ( and on swiss province , for there unwise help of mantua ) , and helped financially the knights of rhodes by taking one or two loans . 
  then , despite the wise reluctancy of the great pontif , they went for savoy while western europe burned , to take out a rival and take out a part of the war burden off france , and perhaps , if european outrage ( ae ) was not too great , to secure some land . 
  ** while after savoy and his allies peaced out the papal and milanese troops kept the returning troops at bay by holding the strategical mountainous chokeholds while sieging the italian cities , the duke of austria decided to send his troops in italy and sieged milan . 
  at the same time , florentine rebels were camping outside of florence 's walls since months and naples joined the war too and sieged rome . 
  france still had a truce with savoy , and hungary 's ruler had fallen ill . what had started as a war with vaguely defined objectives had now become a real trap closing his mouth on the two italian powers !, 
  when the news from the eternal city became too desesperate , the papal army left the control of the alpin gateway to the milaneses and descended on tuscany . 
  there , the rebel army was dealt with in blood and the unlegitimate unrest squashed , at least for a time . 
  during this time , two napolinese regiments made an incursion apart from their main army and desolated umbria . 
  the insult was pushed to the point of sending to the pope a missive reclaiming the province of umbria in exchange for peace .
