  * my client is not in a hurry * -- antoni gaudi * the sagrada familia is . 
  the reflection of the soul of the people . 
  woe the day that it is halted !, 
  but on the other hand the most important thing for him was n't to complete the cathedral , but to show to other what can be done with enough faith/dedication . 
  and working on it is probably a personnal exercice to him on a spritual level too . 
  well the thing is that those who think abortion should n't be legal at all think that because they consider that as soon as the conception , you are a person , and that thus aborting would be killing someone . 
  of course that is the case with religious people ( because there is the notion of soul , and the conception is the clearer , most sudden change of nature , even if it 's very early ) , but even an agnostic/atheist can consider that you are a person as soon as conception ( because , for exemple , you already have all your dna , the architecture on which your body is gon na be build , or because they find it more satisfaying than other , more vague delimitation , or other things ) . 
  on the flip side there is plenty of pro-choice who put the anthropological question under the rug just because it 's more convenient . 
   religious beliefs well to be honest one would rather than the laws are n't based on beliefs he does n't believe in/agree with . 
  but religious beliefs carry a vision of the world the same way as other beliefs . 
  we do base our laws for exemple , on the principle/belief that there is a `` will of the people '' , or that there is extremely developped natural rights although there is nothing ( outside of a religious justification of these rights and thus a divine guarantee ) that define/guarantee them aside of our willingness/capability to uphold them . 
  we do n't base our laws on `` science !, 
  '' , so using religion as a political justification is n't necessarily more illegitimate than using other convictions , it 's just not very efficient in a post-religious society , as it fail to be able to convince outside of those who share the set of beliefs . 
  ~ ~ brazil ~ ~ i 'd say scotland ( because 500 years of fighting the english together get you pretty high on my book ) and germany ( because we 're bff now ) . 
  on the basis of nationalism , mainly . 
  the right is more about a strong and prosperous nation considered as a whole ( and the better it is , the better life is for everyone of its members ) and the left is more about considering several groups ( really visible with the concept class strugle ) and trying to redistribute/correct the inegalities . 
  yes , i agree that before all the definition must be the consensual/relativistic one in regard to the political spectrum . 
  still your post had a general/ideological ring to it , so i felt the need to nuance it . 
  amusingly enough while i agree than the individual/society preference is a really key one i 'd have put the right wing more on the holistic side than the left wing . 
  i disagree with the confusion that you make between right-wing and liberalism . 
  * de facto * yes , most right-wing government parties are more liberal than their left-wing mainstream counterparts ( who are themseves already pretty liberal ) , but it 's far from being synonymous , and one can find plenty of counter-examples . 
  ideologically the right want a great country , thus a prosperous country , and in the globalised context liberalism appear to most of them as the most effective mean . 
  scotland will provide salmond . 
  ah ah , yes , it 's hilarious to see again the `` pessimistic frenchmen '' statistical reality be so clear . 
  pleased to see new players joining in to fill the asian opportunities . 
  the rightfull sovereign of ethiopia shall be here . 
  i 'd say ryukyu , pegu , australia and qing . 
  wut , cologne is above ethiopia ? 
  oh no , i 'm sure we 'll have plenty of other occasions to use it again ... 
  * breath to calm myself * * look at op 's gif * * look at the other op 's title * * think about the brexit * * calm myself and smile *, 
  you need to deeply and sincerely regret your actions for your confession to be valid , though . 
   although european capabilities lag far behind the uk 's source ? 
  should be interesting . 
  yeah , but here it 's a 2 * years * notice , and it has n't even been deposed yet . 
  we laugh in the face of historical accuracy !, 
  [ rough summary of the session ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wgt9gy4zqa ) but with more japanese . 
  ethiopia shall attend . 
   when scottish soldiers under robert bruce helped liberate orleans from an english siege . 
  we still got some scottish lord grave in orleans ' cathedral , and cornemuses/pipes players every year at the town 's celebration , 
  roosevelt really disliked him ( and thought of him as a wan na be dictator and an obstacle to some projects like instituting an allied government in france ) , but relations with eisenhower were relatively good , and there was esteem between them . 
  [ more on the subject ] ( http://www.charles-de-gaulle.org/pages/l-homme/dossiers-thematiques/1940-1944-la-seconde-guerre-mondiale/la-france-libre-et-les-allies/les-etats-unis/de-gaulle-eisenhower-et-la-resistance-en-1944.php ) if you 're interested , although it 's in french , if you ca n't read it maybe google translate can do a good enough job . 
  also the american did a lot of unnerving moves too , like landing in french north africa without warning de gaulle for exemple , or prefering as interlocutor petain or petainists generals rather than the dude actually trying to fight germany on their side . 
  or generally keeping de gaulle in the dark as much as possible , despite free france becoming increasingly relevant . 
  the anglo-saxons were pushing theirs pawns as the same time they were fighting the war and if they could gain a post-war advantage on france 's back , national interest puched them to do so , and pushed de gaulle to put himself in a position where he could counter such tentatives . 
  a lot of de gaulle 's dickery was far from gratuitous and often necessary : wanting to be treated as an equal by the allies , trying to put france in the most flattering light and most avantageous position possible by the end of the war to favorise national reconstruction and the nation 's rank in the world . 
  being cold to many resistance members because he did n't want to give the communists too much importance . 
  even when he was seemingy unnecessary rude with the usa , it was to send signals/proofs of independance to the world and the ussr and position france at a diplomatical middle ground . 
  i have a lot of respect for de gaulle , in particular because of his heavy sense of duty , his conception of france as a great and independant nation with a particular role to play , his ( often accurate ) long term thinking and his impressive personnal integrity ( i use integrity rather than morality , because i am under no illusion that he have done and would have done many things considered immoral in the name of the raison d'\u00e9tat ) . 
  but yeah , the general de gaulle could be kind of dick . 
  part of that though was the projected idea of what a stateman had to be for charles de gaulle , and when you watch into his family life you start seeing a few other aspects of the man behind the statesman . 
   algerian war he came into power toward the end of the war , the accusation should be made toward the ivth republic . 
  and i 'd say it 's a bit simplificating things that saying `` he did n't see that france was changing '' to describe mai 68 and the reasons he lost his referendum of 69 . 
  honestly , yeah , he had flaws ( no man is perfect ) , but his long term foresight was impressive , and not only on the uk . 
  his conferences ( some of them easily watchable on youtube ) are an exemple of hindsight and pedagogy . 
  well to be honest perhaps the argentinian junta fell into this qualification . 
  if you 're the defender , though , you do n't go to war for the town , you go to war for your territorial integrity . 
  well technically it might be legally possible ( if impopular ) to do it by congress . 
  but the chances of her having enough seats to do so are abyssal . 
  or he goes up . 
  powerful players are interested in maintaining balance/competition in central europe . 
  is n't it `` alea iacta/jacta est '' ? 
  the [ negusa nagast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ruvunvrm1k ) , king of kings , sovereign of ethiopia , heir of solomon , shall attends . 
  you take a wounded and dying beast . 
  may you not go gently into the light and your agony be glorious . 
   bharat threatened by everyone but still reasonably sized . 
  lol . 
  yes they are . 
  threatened that is . 
  it could be argued that marine 's economical programme is kind of far-left . 
  ethiopia shall be here , led by the wise and benevolent bloodline of solomon . 
  and here is ethiopia 's tale for the recent decades . 
  ** we will sing of joy over your victory , ** ** and in the name of god we will set up our banners . 
  ** * ( psalm 20:5 ) * the so-called emperor of bharat thought he could defy ethiopia . 
  he thought he could ignore the negusa negast 's warning . 
  he thought that he could subjugate pate and gain a foothold in africa without having to pay anything more that lips service and empty words . 
  he thought wrong , and he payed the price in the blood of his soldiers , the stone of his walls and the land of his country . 
  indeed , as soon as the indian sovereign took the african city-state 's gold and independance , the negusa negast sent letters to his neighbors to punish the impudent ruler . 
  he did n't doubt kilwa 's assistance , and initial contact with the sultan of gujarah made it seems like a concerted attack was possible , but the sultan 's death cut the diplomatic contacts and his successor chose to attack bharat on his own . 
  the ottomans had offered assistance to get ride of the indian ingerence in africa , but ethiopia 's pride could n't allow any other to avenge the insult in her place . 
  and so the negast planned the offensive , incitating kilwa to build a formidable navy with the wealth of her gold mine , and building ships able to transport his men across the indian ocean . 
  then he gave the signal of the attack , and wiped out pate 's garrison , then went east . 
  the kilwanese navy dominated the sea , and ethiopian armies seized sri lanka , then sieged the mainland 's strongholds to the capital , defeating the bharatis troops unable to repel the invasion . 
  as a result , the king of kings seized the maldives and the tip of india and gave to kilwa the mythic and rich island of sri lanka . 
  ethiopia had tasted overseas conquests , and it was a taste it liked . 
  ** the victory that day was turned to mourning for all the army , for the people heard it said that day `` the king is grieving for his son '' ** * ( 2 samuel 19:2 ) * then the king sent ethiopian citizens to inhabit promising islands east of madagascar , and chartered and build roads deeper into african land , in particular in the region of the great lakes , from where came both the nile and rumors of wealthy kingdoms of pagans . 
  the emperor sent there his troops for the noblest cause , and the fate of ethiopia : bringing africa 's splittered shards together and to bring prosperity and the salvation of christ to savages held back by superstition , witchcraft and ignorance . 
  these kingdoms thoughts they were greats , they had swallowed their smaller neighbors and concurrents and warred against each others for generations , yet in their isolation they were unable to grasp the size and power of a great empire like ethiopia and had no hope to win . 
  nevertheless they fought bitterly , using the terrain , and relentlessly attacking any commander careless enough to adventure himself with too few men in a land he thought conquered , yet it was not their spears that took the heaviest tribute , but the diseases , striking the ethiopians armies , affecting everyone , from the lowliest soldier to the highest officer ... to the negast 's own son . 
  the king had just arrived in the region with a new army to deal once and for all with this reluctant conquest when he learned the death of hiw son during the siege of n'kore 's capital , his heir , the pride of his life , gifted and faithfull , the hope and admiration of the whole nation , he who led his armies to victory in the far away lands of india . 
  it was a crushing blow for the sovereign , for he loved his son dearly and saw in him his revanch : himself had taken the crown only because his elder brother had died , and for many long years he had lived in the shadow of his more gifted brother and of the expectations he led behind at his passing . 
  he knew many secretly mocked his clumsinesses and had nicknamed him `` second choice '' , and many times had he wanted to put to torture and death those who were rumored to have spoken so behind his back , but he restrained . 
  perhaps * that * was the difference between a great ruler and himself ? 
  but he decided that he would prove his worth by deeds , and the years and the conquest of india had shushed many voices . 
  his son was everything he had wished he would have been at his coronation , and had everything he could hope in a heir , and with him the emperor knew that solomon 's inheritage would be in the best hands possible . 
  and then his death . 
  oh how he lamented and weeped , while torning his clothes apart and , like his biblical forefathers , rolling on a bed of ashes . 
  it is said he never truly recovered from the loss and indeed a few years after , most of the great lakes subjucated , he died after living a long life . 
  his other son had only 6 years then , and thus a regency council was instituted while he grew and learned , becoming a serious and relatively bright young man , though not to the extent of his regretted brother . 
  the new negusa negast led his armies at 16 , knew his first victory against burundi 's army , and his first defeat when , coming to the help of his conquering southern ally against kongo and its vassal he failed to break the siege of kilwanese strongholds . 
  now , having tempered his youth at the fire of battle and experience , he turn his gaze toward his maps and ponder of the best way to ensure ethiopia 's path to glory and prosperity .
