  i guess the hegemony of america 's distorted view has some heavy responsability in the west 's view of ww2 . 
  ( though portugal probably managed to stay neutral , napoleon was trying to not be at war with everyone at once . 
  do n't know much about portuguese history , to be honest . ), 
  why bother ? 
  and you need to feed your army on the land you invade , how can you do it if there is only rocks to suck ? 
  ( the true answer : we forgot they existed . 
  remembered it halfway through russia , was a bit late for that ), 
  an influence does n't disappear by being `` beaten '' by an invasion . 
  the demographical base is still more or less the same ( with less than 100 000 franks for 8-10 millions gallo-romans ) . 
  but surely we can overcome these pesky differences by ~ ~ anschlussing ~ ~ invading the eastern neighbors . 
  of course french have germanic influence . 
  also a gauloise one , a latin one , an italian one , an english one ... also belgium rightful francia clay . 
  count of flanders worst vassal !, 
  same , imagine if france looked like [ this !, 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct9bxhb7qw3m0akmnrnqdkqaytexqnxeh8fnqyrpmej_6vxdbyn3q ) but then europe had to be like `` be reasonable france , you ca n't take all that '' and such nonsense ... 
  ah yes , the belgian empire that had paris as the capital , with a king baptized at reims , doing his triumph at tours and summoning the councils at orleans ? 
  athmosphere is n't exposed to radiation * per se * , it 's exposed to radioactive dust that can be ejected in the air if parts of the complex collapse , and the new sarcophagus 's goal is to keep all radioactive stuff inside when it will happen ( because the old sarcophagud was aging and showing signs of weakness , and had been done in the urgency ), 
  yes , that 's what i said : he said they should be considered with the same standards in regard to international right . 
  `` making things easier '' is n't enough to label it antisemite . 
  it would be `` anti-settlements '' , at the very worse `` anti-israel '' , but it is not antisemite . 
  israel is n't judaism . 
  yes , you would be right . 
  well , the balkanic war is n't unimportant , but it 's a past , old event for french people . 
  when fillon is speaking about the independance of kosovo , he 's speaking about the event that gave it an independance , more than it 's current status . 
  and saying it was technically illegal by the same standards we use for crimea is n't considered a big deal beyond the relatively pro-russia position it imply , which was dizcussed in medias . 
  this habit of seeking absolutely a comparison , no matter how much you need to stretch reality , is really annoying . 
  but a primary ( and the first one for the right-wing voters ) with everyone having near similar programs is much more changing than a presidential where a good chunk of the people already decided who they were going to vote and would need a good reason to `` change side '' . 
  though a poll is representative of a feeling now , and not the vote six months later , in particular with the campaign not started and the ps candidate not even chosen . 
  people should use polls as a tool , not a cristal ball . 
  yep . 
  he has what looks like a relationship of mutual esteem with putin , who was his homologue when he was prime minister from 2007 to 2012 . 
  he also think a good relationship with russia is needed to resolve the current crisis in the middle east ( and is necessary in general , to counterbalance the us ' influence ) . 
  though he say he would n't recognize crimea 's annexion and he can still be critic toward putin ( no putin-idolatry as we may sometimes see in the fn ) . 
  your analogy would be good if le pen entered the primary and won it . 
  thankfully we got a two turn system that does n't completely impose bipartism . 
  fillon 's stance toward homosexuality is overblown . 
  there was n't any homophobe ( in the sense of attacks againdt homosexuals ) words/speech during the primary , he does n't want to cancel the law on homosexual mariage but just want to rewrite it to forbide `` full adoption '' ( erasing all trace/knowledge of the adopted child 's biological parents ' identity ) . 
  fillon is n't viewed by most frenchmen as homophobe or even truly ` anti-gay ' , and he wo n't stand out in europe as such . 
  and fillon * is * the right-wing candidate on immigration and muslims . 
  he wrote a book recently `` vanquish the islamic totalitarism '' , said `` there is n't a problem with religion in france , there is a problem with islam '' . 
  he 's as present on the subject as you can be without populism . 
  as a french i find your preconceptions about fran\u00e7ois fillon rather strange . 
  what were your sources on this subject ? 
  well of course but fillon = doom is much more prevalent in / r/france than jupp\u00e9 = leftist ( and did n't see any of that on this thread either ) so i 'm trying to warn of the bias relevant in reddit comments . 
  reddit comments are an extremely politically biased source of information though , in particular on this issue considering how left-leaning / r/france is . 
  i 've seen people there comparing fillon to * trump * . 
  to see it otherwise , one could say russia finance those who have admiration/are supportive of them , rather than the contrary . 
  honestly , i think the impact of monetary `` gifts '' on the party 's position is grossly overestimated . 
  the position is already there and the attentions ( not necessarily a loan like for the fn , but officials who talk to you , invite you to conferences ... in particular if you are rejected and despised by many at home , it predispose you nicely , in particular if you 're not a government/mainstream party ) . 
  one does not need money to sincerely consider that france would benefit from a better relation with russia . 
  keep in mind that he is very liberal from a french perspective . 
  still less liberal than anglo-saxons . 
  also he 's not tatcherist , there is strong differences , even if there is similarities in the public spending cuts . 
  it 's not really applying to fillon or many right-wing people with an affection for russia , though . 
  it makes perfect sense for france to have good relations with russia and try to balance a bit the us with it . 
  also probably some appreciation of the russian culture . 
  ... no , france have an historical interest in good relations with russia to try to balance a bit the us ( even if * in fine * the atlantic alliance is the one that matters most ) and promoting a multipolar world that allow it to keep influence and avoid american unilateralism . 
  the most important thing to keep in mind when using this as an exemple for the unreliability of polls is that * it was a primary * ( and not a very polarising/controversial one like in the us ) : voters can easily go from a candidate to the other without the impression to `` betray '' , in particular since they have a relatively similar program people differenciated them on the perception they had of them . 
  that 's why the debates had a huge impact whereas they have an extremely limited one at the presidential . 
  that 's why voters from le maire , sarkozy and jupp\u00e9 were able to massively shift from one candidate to the other . 
  fillon and jupp\u00e9 were the ones who gave the impression of being `` president material '' , true statesmen , and fillon was seen as the most reliable ( as in `` he 'll actually do the things he have in his program , whereas jupp\u00e9 could do like chirac and chicken out '' ) . 
  such choices are much more fluctuating than a presidential election and going out of the eu . 
  really tasty dildobread , though . 
  yes it 's 19th century politics , but realpolitik is the software of putin 's geopolitics . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a desirable policy , i 'm explaining why it makes sense for him to attack donbass and none to attack estonia . 
  ukraine 's partial invasion makes sense from a purely realpolik , cost/benefit point of view . 
  an invasion of a nato member makes none , the cost/benefits is ridiculously high . 
  for you every view of russia as more than an irrational beast with a hunger for moar land is `` naive '' and your historic show that you do n't have much other occupation on reddit than making this belief clear , so i fail to see the point to continue discuting this with you . 
  what russia want is to keep its strong influence in its `` sphere of influence '' ( ukraine , belarus , caucasus , the stans ) and in ukraine , faced against a loos it judged unnaceptable/too brutal , they answered with military means to secure sebastopol and keep a hand in ukraine/keep it from turning toward the us militarily and diplomatically , and the eu economically . 
  it does n't imply any want or ability to undergo a stupid attack against a france or a nato/eu member . 
  if one of these is attacked , france will fight , but such a scenario is extremely unlikely and should n't shape our whole russian relationship . 
  i find you well assured of how russia, 
  i 'm speaking of france , not the eu . 
  and international relations are n't about `` contempt '' , vut interests . 
  france have a greater interest in a good relationship with russia and more to lose if it do n't manage it . 
  russia knows this and that 's why an `` open hand '' is more credible from france . 
  also the us are viewed by the russian population and the kremlin as a threat to russia and its interests , much more than france . 
  but france is not the usa . 
  it does n't have the same interests and it is not perceived in the same manner by russia . 
  foreign policies , even if they are similar ( and they would n't necessarily be ) have different effect depending on the country it comes from and your ties to that country . 
  so this argument of `` redundancy '' is irrelevant . 
  also this `` russian reset '' was the policy * before * the ukrainian crisis , things changed then . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a reference / recyclage of a quote of marshal ney , charging at the waterloo : `` venez voir comment meurt un mar\u00e9chal de france !, 
  '' , i juste replaced `` marshal '' by `` redditor '' . 
  [ de gaulle 's reaction ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/a84408dcf5b9113aaaf877840fc59f03/tumblr_inline_o9afs6wypb1r8qcix_500.gif ), 
  what element do you have to consider him an irrational player ? 
  aside from propaganda pictures that fulfill their internal pr role ? 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree , then . 
  that 's your estimation . 
  not mine , and i am convinced not that of western leaders . 
  putin is perfectly rational , he is just ruthless but he completely understand alliances , nuclear deterrant and the balance of power . 
  they would , because they have much more to lose by coming back on their diplomatical written word , killing nato , shaking their alliances ( sometimes given in exchange of economic or diplomatic compensations ) across the world ( in particular for the us , france and the uk ) and pushing away eastern europe by giving them up ( thus shaking the eu ) . 
  in comparison , the west did n't have much to lose by watching crimea/donbass without taking too strong actions . 
  you understimate the importance and geopolitical weight of official alliances . 
  ukraine was alone . 
  it 's still a relevant information , the mps are after all proportionnally elected . 
  eelv is notoriously anti-militarist . 
  or nato will send conventionnal troops to crush the hybride attackers , and since they 're not russians it 's not a problem is n't it ? 
  the thing with hybride warfare is that it 's good againdt a weaker opponent like ukraine , where you can just open the valve more if they are winning .
