  well , ethiopia is christian , even if not catholic . 
  but the church has always been much more accomodating and eucumenicous when meeting other christians among heathen . 
  like the nestorians inside the mongol court . 
  is it a viable strategy or just for the lulz ? 
  i see you did great , / u/elanoir . 
  three nation 's territories swallowed with one gold mine . 
  i 'm surprised you went so far north , the mamluks are already dying ( is syria an ottoman vassal ? ) . 
  will you be there tonight to play ethiopia ? 
  you did this by burning all your government points to improve the province ? 
  yeah , i agree with you . 
  a nation-state is pretty much garanteed to survive any crisis as long as people still feel that they belong to a common identity . 
  france in the 19th century is a pretty good exemple of that : no matter the internal turmoil or external conflicts , it survived basically in the same borders , with the same name and the same people . 
  in comparison , if the leader of a country like libya die it will collapse on itself . 
  my point was indeed about the * federation of russia * and some of its part that may ( regardless of the probability ) break away from the main body . 
  on the other hand , i would n't underestimate the political will and the economical interests at stake in the eu . 
  there is too many people enamored with the concept of european construction that it would be foolish to expect to see it disapear like that . 
  i think that even if it collapse ( not so likely that many think ) or loses several members , it will survive/reappear under another form . 
  i do n't understand your point :  the seven workers included four diplomats , ** but the gambian government waived their diplomatic immunity to allow prosecution **, 
  hmmm ... i 'm not sure the comparison de gaulle/putin is right in this regard , even if i see where you come from . 
  i 'd say putin 's recent moves are isolating russia from many of its partners and ex-potential-future-partners . 
  on the short term they face sanctions , on the long term they gain crimea but at a huge diplomatical and geopolitical cost . 
  also putin 's `` strong leader '' image and quasi-cult of the personnality come a bit at the expense of the institutions : the democratic process does n't seems to me as garanteed as de gaulle left it . 
  i do n't feel a very clear `` what will happen after me '' plan from putin , but we shall see what will happen after his presidency . 
  also there is the shady business with oligarchs , which weaken the state and the national economy in the end , and i 'm not convinced that putin does n't fill his pockets with this , or have big conflicts of interests . 
  on this point again , the difference with capital-distrusting de gaulle is clear . 
   there are n't any more subdivisions that russia can break into eeeeh , the * federation of russia * can certainly break into several entities . 
  it 's not that homogenous . 
  i stand corrected , and shamed to have stated so without sufficient research . 
  thank you for your correction . 
  fortunately , the rest of my point on the limitation of throwing out still stands . 
  no , that 's not the current situation . 
  some random dictator in africa can not jail an annoying diplomat under some fabricated pretense . 
  which he could do as much as he want without diplomatic immunity . 
  well it can happen for political reasons as well : if a spy based in an embassy under diplomatical immunity is a bit too bothersome , ( happened a lot in the cold war ) , or if he do some politically sensitive manoeuver . 
  in these case they have the backing of their government and the impact on their career depend solely of their competency in the operation ( s ) they undertook . 
  even if we make the hypothesis that big players would be reasonable in the 21st century ( and that 's a big hypothesis , assange 's prosecution and russia 's dodgy activities on the internal political scene make me doubt it very much ) there would be a big unbalance between dictatorships that do n't really fear diplomatic retaliations and command justice at their whims and countries with a more independant justice that ca n't retaliate , or at a much higher pr risk . 
  i 'm curious : what similarities does it have with a gun control argument ? 
  well yeah . 
  a diplomat is n't just the guy at the embassy who spoke in a mic . 
  they meet differents people and speak with them . 
  sometimes these are people of the opposition , or of organisations distrusted/hated by the state , or economical/local actor that the host nation does n't have an interest in you meeting them directly . 
  or plenty of other things . 
  without diplomatic immunity , you could be sure that many nations would use make up accusations to intimidate diplomatic personnel . 
  oh , this guy who discretly met the principal opponent of our beloved leader ? 
  yeah , he is in a jail for the next twenty years for rape , a totaly unrelated issue . 
  want to try to do the same thing ? 
  and what about your family that you brought with you , hmmm ? 
  it would work the same for public declarations , to a lesser degree ( because more publicly obvious ) . 
  intimidation is an extremely efficient and easy to use weapon . 
  suck it britain !, 
  ~ ~ you ca n't `` throw them out '' ~ ~ you tell the other country that he is * personna non grata * and that they must put him elsewhere and they usually do , but if they refuse ( which they rarely do ) ~ ~ you ca n't expulse him unless you close the embassy . ~ ~ ** you actually can , see the correction of / u/qxzkjp below ** but even then , `` throw out '' is n't that much of a leverage . 
  imagine if a nation could implicitely threaten unfriendly diplomats by making up accusations/proofs and throwing them in jail ? 
  but yeah , impounding the car seems like a good idea . 
  on the other hand , insecurity is n't just about the number of murders and the probability to be killed . 
  but yeah , statistically speaking the threat of terrorism is almost fully psychological . 
  the goal is basically to deny them the label `` islamic state '' that appeal to a lot in the propaganda war . 
  well , we have plenty of historical exemple on how big increase in weapons circulations increased criminality and likelyhood of conflict ( and in particular the strenghtening of non-state violent actors ) . 
  come to mind the end of the ussr or more recently libya and the considerable destabilisation it created in mali . 
  yes , but there i am talking practically and on this particular case . 
  i mean , i could be for a firmer approach ( even if the current approach is sensible , it 's possible because crossing have been stopped . 
  but we could/probably should have acted otherwise before rather than let it go for so long ) and still say that `` sending the army '' in a non-military situation such at this one is a stupid decision . 
  so , shoot at the aggitated mob ? 
  because that 's basically the only crowd control trick the army have . 
  and if they are manifestating and that a few few here and there start throwing things ? 
  throwing things at military men ? 
  when do we pull the trigger ? 
  against whom ? 
  how much colletary damage do we condone ? 
  `` be firm and send the police do it already '' is a sensible point of view `` send the army '' is just highly unrealist and ( sorry , nothing against you ) so plain stupid confronted to reality that i ca n't believe it got 30 votes . 
  on the subject at hand , the french gov made the choice to convince most of the guys to move elsewhere ( in welcoming centers in the region ) , as crossing illegally became near impossible and most ` inhabitants ' have renounced to cross in those conditions , it 's ( partially , at least ) working , but it takes time . 
  the time issue here is not so much practical than political . 
   and the us ( and europe ) might not see the baltics worth a full retaliation it 's not the baltics that would be at stake . 
  it 's `` the baltics and the existence of nato and its members ' credibility '' . 
  and considering how much american interests rely on their credibility , i ca n't see them not moving . 
  plus , with dozens of members in nato and each compelled to help the baltics it would n't be just the us/france/uk here . 
  i mean , if poland or other neighbors send troops , they will increase the probability of western ( and their own neighbors ) involvement , and they know it . 
  also , apart from the logistical preparation , russia would need political preparation : internally ( and externally with its non-nato partners ) it would have even more disastrous political and diplomatical consequences to attack without some big tensions and propaganda . 
  but anyway , the cost/benefits ratio of such an operation is so ridiculously bad that i ca n't seriously envisage russia do it , even for internal reasons . 
  that would be madness , and would n't have much in common with the ukrainian scenario . 
  go on , and may the coptic faith be with you . 
  i 'd have liked to take ethiopia and grow an empire in east africa , but i 'm not gon na have internet access . 
  maybe for the third game . 
  i actually liked it , and thought it brought some diversity . 
  ... of course , it was not hard to do better than the entry of the year before . 
  personally i 'd like to have more diversity in eurovision rather than the saccharine distributor it currently is . 
  followed france into mali and car ? 
  i have nothing against germany , but i would n't call sending a few instructors when france sent ( and asked to sent ) soldiers for a military intervention with actual fighting ( and caszualties ) going on `` following france '' . 
  it even buried a bit further the franco-german brigade , as germany refused to deploy it and france decided that it was useles to put so much means into troops that are never going to be used . 
  eh , french kings were relatively benevolent/close to their people , as showed by the particular custom of the `` king 's thaumaturgy '' where kings imposed their hands on the sicks that wanted so in special occasion , which was rumored to heal them of lesser skin diseases , or the fact that everyone could walk around versailles ( you just had to wear a sword , and ultra-cheap wooden sword were being sold at the entrance ) and even try to catch the king 's attention to present him ( or his counsellors ) his doleances/complains . 
  if louis xvi had chosen to spill parisian blood at the right moment , instead of refusing to send the troops , he would n't have been overthrown like that ( and the revolution certainly did n't start as an anti-monarchy movement ) . 
  louis xviii actually tried a difficult reconciliation that the hundred days basically screwed up . 
  charles x did n't play his cards well and with the exemple of louis xvi in mind tried to use the `` firm hand '' strategy , and after the july monarchy ( 1830-1848 ) the royalists were divided between two choices and could n't change the regime to monarchy , even when their representants had the majority ( like in 1870 ) . 
  honestly , the french average point of view on monarchy has been pretty much shaped by the republican teachings of the iiie , ive and ve republics ( the iiie in particular ) , and touch the principle of monarchy in itself and the retrospective representation of royals ( a lot of people , in particular on the left , view french kings as tyrants , or at the very least as `` pompous ass who just sips champagne and laughs at how superior they are '' . 
  a shame , imho , when the capetians were relatively close to their people and competents . 
  also , retroactive judgment is such an historical mistake/ethnocentric universalist way of thinking ), 
  it 's amusing because the ideological opposition to monarchy in france make it so that there is n't any discution on the practical value of a monarchy ( and there is advantages to a constitutionnal monarchy ) . 
  the idealism/research of equality probably . 
  but the self-righteoussness is kind of upsetting , in particular considering that inheritance in wealth and relationships make the republican ideal of perfect equality a bit of an illusion/imposture . 
  what ? 
  sorry , but you must have missed the [ iranian nuclear deal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_nuclear_deal_framework ) .
