  i do hoped our counter-intelligence did a better work ( even with far less mean than the americans ) . 
  now , that some of the very secret information was compromised does n't mean that all such information was . 
  it 's both , actually . 
  precisely . 
  yeah , i would have raised my eyebrow lower if he had chosen lyon . 
  wait , what ? 
  marseille  paris ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of paris , but you are putting marseille of all cities against it ? 
  the fact is that france is too centralised and paris too big to have any credible ( even deluded ) rivals . 
  it 's more like `` la province '' ( france minus paris )  paris . 
  `` genders are a purely social construction '' , or something like that , no ? 
  i would n't say that it is without basis , just look at tumblr or some think tanks , it is definitively an existing ideology . 
  this memorial actually looks pretty neat . 
  still , i think it would have been far more appropriate for ww1 . 
  you have some big hate issues with the police . 
  hum , not really sure for libanon , there has been some fighting on their eastern regions . 
  but i would n't put libanon in the `` not weakened by inner turmoil '' category , and they are not militarily as strong as israel , turkey or iran . 
  same thing for lebanon , there has been some fighting . 
  but what you probably mean was more something like `` seriously attacked '' or `` tried to invade '' . 
  eh , i recognise you , you 're the guy with who i just talked to about conscription on another thread . 
  you did n't answer ye ... * check user comment history * what the fuck , dude ? 
  well , just think about nuclear submarines and their disciplined crew , for months in a completely isolated environnment . 
  if nobody else , these guys would survive ( i wonder why the navy and the submarine are never taken into account in any post-apocalyptic fiction , in particular when the cataclysm is short ) . 
  if there was n't the issue of the lack of women , they would be the absolute garantee of humanity survival . 
  but yeah , be it against nukes or virus , some people will survive . 
  the way i see it , the fact that your country is in an `` unjust war '' and the fact that you risk being killed fighting are two separate things . 
  if anything , a nation having a conscription army is much less likely to send its army in conflict for wrong reason , because there will be a lot of scrutinity and reluctance , and if their reasons are n't concrete solid then its a political suicide . 
  a professional army does n't complain much ( the french army is a very good example ) and does n't ask questions . 
  if you are worried that your nation may sent its men risking their life for wrong reasons , a conscription army is actually much safer . 
  ( is it just me or was your flag swedish yesterday ? ), 
  are n't you being quite condescending here ? 
  i am not trying to push an agenda here , just singling out one logical point and if necessary playing devil 's advocate . 
  i do n't see why you should feel the need to have an agressive undertone and to displace the discution toward me . 
  it would depend on the reason . 
  nations do n't go at war with each other without a very good reason nowadays , in particular with conscription armies . 
  let 's assume that the french army is n't a professional army . 
  if , let 's say , morocco invaded a french territory then yes , i would have no problem with being sent to fight . 
  same thing for something like mali intervention . 
  but nowadays conscription armies are purely defensive , and professionnal armies are more efficient for small intervention . 
  and it 's a hard job to do , so people prefer to pay ( with their taxes ) people determined to do that instead of doing it themselves . 
  if that 's more efficient for the needs of my military , then i am for it . 
  differents armies have differents needs . 
  for a relatively small nation with actual possibilities to be invaded , conscription seems like a good choice . 
  for a nation who needs to project power and who have very good ties with its neighbors , professionalisation is the way to go . 
  and hitler liked dogs . 
  does n't mean that i should stop liking dog . 
  and as pointed out above , they do n't risk being killed . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  relevant flair . 
  0/10 would not do again :(, 
  could you elaborate what you find so shocking here ? 
  i do n't think he is an idiot . 
  he did something out of principle and he is now cornered and with few options . 
  and what is considered evidence on the matter of the existence of god ? 
  to which conclusion do you think that the scientific method lead on the question of the existence of god ? 
  the scientific method is very useful , but it does n't necessarily lead to the good conclusion , as it leads ( if there is enough elements ) to some conclusion susceptible to be changed by further elements . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not a good choice , just saying that choosing some empirical conclusion ( which is quite hard to do in the matter of the existence of god ) on one single problem is n't such a natural or unfaillible choice . 
  it requires an adhesion to the scientific method on all things of life that is n't that universal . 
  i think the key question we have here is : `` what is islam ? '', 
  there is several interpretations of islam , and some people calling themselves muslm points finger at others people calling themselves muslim and say `` what they practice , and how they do it , is not islam . 
  they are not true muslims '' . 
  if you are a believer , and consider that there is behind the coran one true intention and message , then there is logic in saying that such or such interpretation is the good one . 
  but if you do not consider this , then , as there is no `` one true message '' , there is just as many `` islam '' as there is people 's interpretations , and not one of them have a more legitimate claim the the title of `` true islam '' , as there is no `` true islam '' , just people and their interpretations . 
  now , some of these interpretations are compatible with our culture , and some of them are n't , it 's that simple . 
  two conclusions : 1 ) a large number of immigrants with incompatible interpretations is a dangerous thing for our societies . 
  2 ) there can be muslims for which religion is n't an obstacle with our society , even if they are very religious , in the case where their interpretations are compatibles . 
  that 's why integration is such an important notion . 
  well , ultimately everything is unprovable , for we can not be absolutely sure of the very means we use to evaluate the world . 
  and `` barbaric '' is kind of a relative term . 
  if you mean `` violent '' , even `` modern societies '' use violence , in a focused way . 
  hint : it is, 
  well , cold climate are hard to cope with for people from saharian or sub-saharian countries ( probably more a question of habits than genetics ) , so i do n't see how it is racist . 
  of course not a very deep/thorough/satisfying answer , but not racist imo . 
  there is no moral requirement to join the un , so i do n't see how it could serve as a standard . 
  and the holy see is not a nation ( the vatican is just the city-state , the holy see is the organisation ) , but an ( extremely powerful ) organisation , why should secularism be required of it ? 
  of course , if you want to go in the `` religion is evil '' direction , then i guess we will have to agree to disagree . 
   of course not , but i would expect more respect for the democratic institutions and processes than the type of statements we are hearing from the vatican leadership i understand what you mean , but i do n't agree . 
  if , for exemple , uganda had a referundum on some anti-gay measure , that it passed , and that high-placed members of a powerful organisation or nation said that it was `` a defeat for humanity '' , would you find that shocking ? 
  or , more relevantly , would you find that shocking * because * it is said about a decision who came out of a democratic process ? 
  ( enjoying the talk , by the way ), 
  what does the fact of being a member of the un have to do with this ? 
  and , for what it 's worth , the fact of not being a democracy ? 
  is it a requirement to say that a decision supported by the majority of the voters is a bad decision ? 
  does n't change the fact that the vatican have influence , even if you wish they had n't . 
  and saying that a decision made by a democratic process is extremely bad is n't necessarily an outrageous insult to the democratic principles , in my opinion . 
  because the descriptions of these `` no-go-zones '' and their localisation by fox was completely ridiculous . 
  it does n't mean that a brexit would n't be an important event . 
  the uk is a powerful , relevant country . 
  but if france had currently the same probability of leaving the eu that the uk had , people on this sub would be running everywhere and screaming in despair that the eu may face its end , because france is * de facto * much more a part of the european construction than the uk . 
   who care what the vatican thinks i can understand ( even if i despise ) the permanent church-bashing on this subreddit ( and reddit in general ) , but it is really weird how many people ( even on this sub , where people are generally quite knowledgeable geopolitically speaking ) blind themselves to the considerable diplomatical weight and influence of the vatican through the world . 
  pragmatism . 
  incitation to hate or apology of terrorism can have real effect and cause violence and death . 
  that 's why total freedom of speech is n't viewed as necessarily a good thing : saying `` it 's just word '' does n't absolve everything : words have sometimes as much ( or more ) weight as actions . 
  i 'm not arguing that this particular case breach the line or which case start becoming too much ( that 's the tricky point ) , but i am just answering the `` why more europeans do n't want to have actual freedom of speech ? '', 
  question , assuming that by `` actual freedom of speech '' you mean `` total freedom of speech '' . 
  well , to give you a serious answer , the biggest challenger for sarkozy will be/is alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  and if hollande manage to close the gap of impopularity and that he face sarkozy he may have a chance to win . 
  as i said , they are objective allies anyway , independantly of the loan . 
  she did n't say `` we seek everywhere and the only ones to accept where the russians '' , she said `` we asked the french and europeans banks and they told us that recently they had chosen to stop lending money to political parties '' . 
  there is money elsewhere that in european banks .
