  one important difference to make is the violence at the start of the religion , in the first years/century , because that 's where the fondamentalists looks when they want to go back to the `` fondamentals '' . 
  there seems to be a common misunderstanding on this sub ( it became less and less common as knowledgeable people enlightened most of less knowledgeable ones ) : us , uk and russia did n't give any engagement to protect ukraine . 
  they each other promised at the budapest memorandum to refrain from attacking ukraine , to use nuclear weapons against ukraine , and promised to take the matter to un security council if ukraine was attacked or threatened by nuclear weapons . 
  the us and uk respected their end of the bargain . 
  russia did n't , but that engage only russia , and tell nothing of the uk or the us ' credibility . 
  and it should be noted that , even if russia is less dependant on international credibility than the us , and despite trying to cover this breach of contract under plausible deniability , the damage it have done to russia 's interest , in particular to the long term , are considerable . 
  just look at all its neighbors and even its allies that start to carefully turn their backs from russia now that its reliability has been weakened . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.msz.gov.pl/en/p/wiedenobwe_at_s_en/news/memorandum_on_security_assurances_in_connection_with_ukraine_s_accession_to_the_treaty_on_the_npt?printmode=true ) . 
  the [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) gives a good summary too . 
  so yeah , the budapest memorandum is nothing like nato . 
  it 's not a treaty of mutual or unilateral assistance . 
  it 's basically just a treaty of non-agression . 
   aye , we have a military state of emergency as well , which is even worse than the civillian one . 
  well , `` worse '' is a question of adapted application . 
  i mean , in a situation a bit like donbass in ukraine , it is a very good thing to have the legal tools to give the army the right to control a disputed area while staying within the national right . 
   it 's abit strange to see people tunnelvision so much on digital rights in this case where the ` analog ' rights are just as suspended  ah ah yeah !, 
  but well , reddit is full of internet-focused people , so ... plus , there have been discutions on the subject before , so some people easily jump on the occasion to see the evil hand of the state taking the occasion to steal their internet liberties , when it 's probably kind of an afterthought for the authorities . 
  i did not saw any promises of military help . 
  sympathy does n't imply readiness or even engagement to die for someone else . 
  yeah , in france the `` state of emergency '' , defined by a modified version of a law of 1955 is not such a big suspension of the legal order . 
  for that we have the `` state of siege '' ( article 35 of the constitution ) giving huge legal competencies and powers to the army ( the president being the chief of the army ) or the famous article 16 , giving `` exceptionnal powers '' to the executive . 
  ... what ? 
  okay , you misunderstand international credibility . 
  this is the thing that allow the us to conclude economically favorable deals by simply putting explicit or implicit garantees of protection . 
  they have an impressive network of these , and it is the biggest reason explaining why they have a humongous army covering the earth . 
  if the most explicit promise of protection ( nato 's article v ) is publicly broken , then all this network is broken and it will be catastrophic for us economy and strategic interests . 
  the us will not be pushing back any attack against a tiny nato country and risking war with russia because they feel like it , but because they ca n't compromise their credibility like this . 
  same thing for the uk and france , who use military credibility as well across the world , and who would see the eu cohesion mortally wounded by an abandon of eastern eu-nato members . 
  state take military risks only if their importants interests are threatened . 
  mexico invaded would certainly be this , for obvious reason ( strategical importance and economical ties ) . 
  estonia invaded would be this as well , because it put at stake the us network of alliances and garantees . 
  ukraine invaded is not this , because they do n't have such an importance by their own or by belonging to nato . 
  nato is not fragile , its foundations are not just the will of the opinion or the whims of the politicians , but the preservation of us interests . 
  also , nato being a multilateral treaty , if others countries answer the call it put even more pressure on their allies , and these countries know it . 
  if estonia is attacked , the other baltic countries and poland ( and any other nato country ) , by answering the call , can up the stakes and suddendly it 's not about giving up/defending just estonia but all of eastern/central europe . 
  my post is not some apology of russia or moral discussion , i 'm speaking in term of realpolitik . 
  i guess the answer to any ukrainian would be : sorry , waving an european flag is n't the same thing as a treaty of mutual protection . 
  which was n't a nato member . 
  in fact , one of the reason of the military meddling was to avoid nato integration of ukraine , which would have made russia unable to military pressure or invade ukraine . 
  i understand that you got historical reasons to be angry and afraid of russia , but please stop doing as if russia was preparing to attack a nato country , or recently planned bombing attacks causing dozens of deads in nato countries . 
  i understand if you want to keep pressure on russia rather than give some almost negligible support to an anti-isis coalition , but stop acting as if we are forfeiting the safety of your country . 
  i imagine some screams , blocking the passage to the entry , and the man blowing himself . 
  it could have taken just a few seconds between the discovery of the bomb and the explosion . 
  not really enough time to plan and execute an optimal reaction . 
  i do n't think it means `` 18 per 1 person '' more like `` the total of all the people implied with monitoring one guy is 18 . '', 
  for this reason , and because it denies them the appelation `` state '' , french government ( and thus the media and a part of the population ) has been calling them that . 
  i suppose that since the attacks brought the french descriptive viewpoint under spotlight it 's influencing medias and people 's speech . 
  the demonstration of sympathy from millions of random guys is not without effects on the millions of french countrymen shaken by the event . 
  so there is little that can be done , but not `` jackshit '' . 
  sure , it 's psychological , but terrorism is psychological : physically , it do far less material and human damage than accidents or organised crime , but psychologically it affect the masses with fear and anger . 
  seems weird that they can not achieve an official or unofficial temporary deal . 
  i think that israel would very much like to see the sinai in the hands of egypt rather than jihadists . 
  hmmm ... i 'm pretty sure that airport security have a meaningfull impact on the probabilities to successfully a plane hijacking . 
  and the police did prevent a substantial number of attack . 
  and i 'd argue that bombings in mali intervention , which stopped the djihadists from establishing a comfortable stronghold in africa and exercing their laws and exactions was a move in the right direction . 
  it is a foolishness to think that a purely military/security solutions can resolve alone such problems , but it is another foolishness to think that they are useless and can be ignored and that moral high ground resolve everything . 
  if you move the ambiguity from the word `` freedom '' by this definition , then the ambiguity goes next on the notions of `` rights '' , `` seriously '' and `` necessary '' . 
  on the other hand you had a substantial number of people who knew that states spy on each other and just rolled their eyes both at snowden `` revelations '' and the news on european spying . 
  `` what , intelligence agencies are collecting intelligence ? 
  and they do n't do it by simply asking nicely to people they listen ? 
  color me surprised ! '', 
  how old is this strategy ? 
  has it been tested recently ? 
  well , any failed attack is automatically far less impressive . 
  but given that the goal was to strike some random military to create a psychological effect rather than really create effective losses to destriy ir reduce the military 's power , i 'd say that it is by definition a terror attack . 
  a failed and poorly prepared one caught before execution , but still one . 
  even if he is not very bright or discret , a determined man with a knife is a real threat . 
  thank you , interesting information . 
  these sums are refered as `` loans with favorable terms '' , the terminology confuse me a bit here . 
  but even the constitution ( and the democratic system itself ) is but a consensus : that 's why you can often change the constitution with a 2/3 majority . 
  by consensus and majority i do not necessarily meant 50 % +1 majority . 
  it is enough for a government to say it has 80 % , 90 % , 95 % of the population support to go against the 20 , 10 , 5 % of people . 
  if you 're against the constitution , you must still abide by it ( as it is fixed by a renforced majority ) or face repression . 
  same thing if you are against the law , imposition or having a government . 
  there is no such thing as `` the people '' , this legendary entity able to express a distinct opinion . 
  it is but a useful lie ( not necessarily a voluntary one ) to silence opposition to the majority and to have a model simple enough to work with it . 
  what there is is millions of individuals who can never uninamously agree and who use the strength of numbers to push their ideas and decisions . 
  well , technically in a democracy the state push the agenda of the majority . 
  for a lot of things , it just act on ideas that do consensus for an extremely big majoriry . 
  and words have a deep impact on people 's actions . 
  words can push to violence , suicide or murder ( the exemple of a radio in the rwanda genocide come to mind , or hate speech of some imams ) . 
  restricting hate speech is a safety issue . 
  as you pointed out , nobody want a state that censore too much . 
  but what is too much ? 
  so basically it boils down to where we draw the line between freedom and security . 
  to be able to have that much freedom is a testament to how much our security ( and our confidence in the security ) went up , but that does n't mean that freedom is absolute and trump security , as we can see with freedom of speech . 
  so , do you downvote everyone who say `` i hope it will go well for you '' in this thread because it does n't contribute to discution ? 
  this right here is what is wrong with reddit 's obsessive anti-theism . 
  i 'm not in the region , op , but i hope you find her , and can endure the stress and fear in the meanwhile . 
  source ? 
  it would have been more correct to say `` most generous private donators '' , as the state redistribution is n't taken in account and does impact private philantropy . 
  it 's a really interesting difference of mentality , nonetheless . 
  i mean , he normally ca n't use the ressources and weight of the company to push for things that do n't benefits to company , and his ceo status only let him act on limited economical decisions , that he has to justify heavily . 
  compared to the way polititians can have limited influence over pretty much every sector of human lives and can push for an agenda without the control of cost/benefit of a board . 
  being able to use ideological , and not only economical arguments on its voters help too . 
  now i 'm imagining the ballard center on the sea , like some floating badass fortress ... i 've been listening to brel 's `` cath\u00e9drale '' too much it seems . 
  well , there is an office for the minister , so if not this one , the next one will probably move at ballard . 
  or the one after , sooner or later . 
  i wonder what will happen to the hotel de brienne after that . 
  it has quite an history .
