  well yes he could have , in particular if he 'd beaten france and annexed huge chunk of land and forced the unbalanced trade deals it wanted . 
  it industrial capacity was already pretty big , and its naval ingeneers pretty good . 
  also you can suffer a crippling defeat even against a smaller navy , it was not for nothing that in ww1 the chief of the british navy was called `` the only man on either side who could lose the war in an afternoon '' . 
  so the british were rightfully concerned . 
   for whatever reason i 'd say the two big reasons are that the right is more what we call `` bonapartist '' : it rally more easily around a leader , and the fact that the right view the programs in a more technical rethoric/point of view that the left view it with a more moral point of view/rethoric ( in the same way that the right accuse the left of being incompetent and the left accuse the right of being `` evil '' / morally unsound ) so it 's easier to compromise on a technical rethoric that on a moral rethoric . 
  well , he wanted one because it 's an essential component of a nation with global ambitions , like getting colonies , which contrary to bismark the kaiser wanted . 
  it was n't just a prestige thing , it was , like an army , a tool of intimidation ( like in the [ agadir crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agadir_crisis ) which was a threat for britain , in the same way that the risk of blockade of the german coast by the british navy was a threat ( although in a lesser proportion , considering the reliance of britain on the control of seas ), 
   the mistake was getting involved in ww1 . 
  we should have stayed out of it and let the silly europeans murder each other . 
  after all that policy worked out well in the 19th century . 
  you did n't enter ww1 for the pretty eyes of france , you did because germany was building a navy of a very concerning size and threatened your thallassocracy . 
  standing beside france was the best strategic choice ( france was quite a reliable ally in the 19th century , as shown in crimea war , and they garanteed each others ' colonial interest ) and the only mean to stop the british nightmare : a continental hegemony ( germany in this case . 
  just look at its very ambitious plans in case of victory , it would have completely dominated europe for the foreseable future )  after all that policy worked out well in the 19th century . 
  like what you did in the napoleonic wars ? 
  was the same logic : stop any continental hegemony from happening . 
   nations that form alliances with a country already at war can not join that war via `` call alliance '' . 
  if you want to help your ally , use one of the diplomatic actions ( enforce peace , intervene etc ) or declare a separate war . 
  are you sure you want to keep this rule , / u/arathian ? 
  it 's going to massively favorise strong powers and allow them to pick separately the small powers trying to keep them at bay . 
  i 'm not sure a rule here is necessary , in particular with that much players small countries stand more of a chance to preserve a balance if they can band together with flexibility . 
   we would frequently have 20-30 players and we went into the lategame . 
  unfortunately , it kind of petered off at the end . 
  is n't / r/europeplaysparadox a continuation of this , and doing fine ? 
  damn , someone took ethiopia !, 
  may the ottomans swallow you , / u/iwantedtobeanonymous !, 
  ... i 'll take kilwa . 
  higher life expectancy is n't all there is to quality of life , though , so i would be careful about such estimations . 
  and then we ask algeria to pay for centuries of piracy before 1830 ? 
  and after that we go see italy about this roman empire stuff ? 
  this anachronic use of history is really annoying , and i kind of include macron 's pandering here . 
   oh come on , yeah slavery was already a thing in africa before but the europeans made the problem much much worse because it became a business with a growing demand that lead to africans to increase the slave supplies ... 
  in some areas yes , in other no . 
  you should n't understimate the scale of the arabo-african slave trade . 
   it is just a question of politicians looking at a longer development plan than a 4 year long election period . 
  also of a population accepting that you increase retirement age beyond 60 years without doing large manifestations and strikes all over the country , and not voting for someone who promise to reestablish it at the next elections . 
   i did n't choose my words not carefully enough . 
  i 'm sorry i forgot about the petty monarchs , dukes and dames filling your yellowpress . 
  i was about to post an answer but this kind of unneeded commentary really poison any kind of debate . 
  i 'm annoyed that you get downvoted like this but your attitude is n't really helping . 
  well you can slowly change to a democracy by progressively increasing the power of elected institutions . 
  if we are honest , education as a whole is indoctrination , in particular the teaching of morals , the way we view the world and the construction of our perception . 
  if you want , say that you want to indoctrinate children in another way , but do n't pretend to defend `` neutral education '' against `` brainwashing '' , that 's ridiculously incorrect and biased . 
  you wo n't make heroin `` safe '' , even with all the checkings in the world . 
  we used the fasces before it was cool . 
  well it was a symbol of nationalism and came from the romans ( r\u00e9publique come from * res publica * , `` the public thing '' , and admiration for the roman world was a thing , even if it 's funny considering the roman republique was such an aristocratic ploutocracy ) and not from christianism . 
  his point was that vatican city does n't have 10 million inhabitants . 
  of course he miss the fact that these numbers were n't in the op thus can not be used as an argument . 
  though a remote control kill switch would be stupid , an incorporated one with pre-determined conditions , like `` targeting us territory '' seems feasible/reasonable to me , and does hamper uk 's options and sovereignty . 
  yeah , i have trouble imagining bejing announcing such a thing if they can hide it . 
  it 's not just about replacement : the question is how much time it would take for the lack of maintenance to cripple the nuclear deterrence . 
  if it 's around one year , it could let you `` partially defenceless '' for several years . 
  also the possibility of an incorporated neutralisation if targeting american territory . 
  i think people actually knowledgeable on the subject know better than to post about it on the internet , so we ca n't tell really , but to me it still seems like a big flaw for what ( this is my french bias ) i see as a necessary tool/guarantee of sovereignty . 
  i indeed do n't think there is a kill switch with two way communication , but they could absolutely have configured them so it wo n't target/reach american territory . 
  they could even have done so to all their strategical missiles , if they want to nuke their own territoy they have enough tactical nukes anyway . 
  it is not as alarmist as a kill switch but from a pure independance standpoint it is a problem . 
  there is also the possibility that it is a known , accepted mechanism included in the us-uk deal . 
  yet france and the uk have been increasing their cooperation in the last decade , a good exemple of it are the treaties of [ lancaster ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lancaster_house_treaties_ ( 2010 ) / ) though the degradation of diplomatical climate will most likely have consequences , both countries have too much common interests to not keep strong defence ties or even try to increase them . 
  nuclear deterrence is all about the possibility . 
  if you 're against someone and that you both know that if the conflict escalate in intensity the other is going to win ( by nuking you or overwhelming you with superior conventionnal means ) then he 's much more likely to escalate . 
  if you both know that an escalation would likely result in mutual destruction then you both do all you can to ensure it does n't escalate , in particular by not getting into any frontal military conflict . 
  the actual event of sending the missiles depends on the man/men in charge and the precise context . 
  it 's not completely impossible : russia nuking france would probably result in france nuking russia back , for exemple . 
  even a crushing defeat and occupation by a foreign power could result in nukes 's use depending of the person in charge . 
  interesting , i did n't know about this `` unknown-but-probably-religious-usage '' structure , much older structure . 
  when i hear `` oldest building '' i generally think about the [ tower of jericho ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tower_of_jericho ) . 
  jericho itself is fascinating in this regard . 
  the thing was : nobody really wanted to avoid ww1 either . 
  everybody sure want to avoid ww3 . 
  honestly i do n't think so , because nato would ` nt want to risk nuclear conflict by making russians think their survival is at stake . 
  it would push back russia , bomb some of its infrastructures but try to limit its incursions to some determined limit ( which one i do n't know ) . 
  regardless for russia it would end with no gain , heavy diplomatical losses ( and the heaviest possible sanctions ) , and heavy human and material losses and an humiliation which would be very bad for putin 's support in the population . 
  if the war did n't went nuclear which is very bad for every one . 
  which is why russia wo n't attack , nothing to gain and everything to lose by doing so . 
  first it depends on the type of agression . 
  if it is an `` hybrid war '' ( which was possible in ukraine because of the crisis and internal divide , but let 's pretend the situation allow it and this damn warmonger russia is out for blood and land ) it is much easier to fight : russia must fight with a hand behind its back to retain plausibility and nato can just increase the effort against `` russophone rebels '' . 
  contrary to the donbass where russia 's maximum possible war effort far outclass ukraine ( and thus no point in increasing the effort for ukraine , russia will just mirror it ) , here nato is the one outclassing russia . 
  in the case of an all-out war , france will in the first days send its rapid reaction force , indeed between 2000 and 5000 men , as well as an aerian support , and start the logistical engine to move men and machines to the east , which is n't that hard as far as power projection go , considering the landmass , the infrastructures and the friendly countries to cross , with more than one hundred thousand projectable soldiers ( just talking of the land army here and not even talking about supplementary means , or the reserve ) , with tanks , artillery and diversified regiments . 
  it would join the efforts of other nato countries , the closer ones having the easiest logistical job to do to project their forces and the biggest reasons to do so . 
  combined it would be enough to beat the russian , and the more the war last the more the superior european economy will solve logistical problems and widen the military gap . 
   france sends 5 000 soldiers to estonia ? 
  or ten ships ? 
  why would we do so ? 
  send only a fraction of our army and then let our countrymen die as we do n't send the following reinforcements ? 
  that would be politically much more damaging that sending all the army and fighting to win the war honestly . 
   because noone reelect government who want to send you to fight for `` some country that is clearly in the western sphere of influence '' eh , we have a professional army , not a conscription one . 
  and the government sent thousands of soldiers in africa and me for much weaker reasons and strategical interests that an attack on a nato and eu member . 
  we 're not particularily reluctant to involve our military , regardless of the political side of the government . 
  russia 's current behavior is n't that concerning if you examine it clinically , without wondering `` who is right or wrong ? 
  who is the agressor ? '', 
  or reacting emotionnally and thinking they are bend on world or european domination because it 's some `` russian compulsion '' . 
  it 's realpolitik and it 's the way putin think : what are the gains , the risks and the losses of an action . 
  ukraine was a part of russia 's sphere of influence . 
  it became contested . 
  when putin decided to act militarily to secure some of its important strategical interests ( the control of sebastopol and the guarantee of ukraine not entering nato ) his losses were medium ( diplomatical mainly , and even then on a global scale he had reasons to think it would be temporary ) and his risks low ( ukraine was isolated against russia because precisely it was formerly in russia 's pocket , no western nation would have entered war for them ) . 
  russia attacking estonia for exemple would be a completely different scenario : the gains small ( a small stretch of land with a very reluctant/insurrectional population and an access that they already have to a strategically mediocre sea , and no industry to speak of , or just a very small stretch of land if they just go after the russophone part ) , the losses high ( much bigger economical sanctions , many diplomatical relationships cut/crippled and as they would be the one entering another 's sphere of influence condemnation ( if they go for the rest of the baltics , poland or other ) or at least unease of countries like china and countries like kazakhstan or belarus possibly moving away ) and risks high ( conventionnal fight who could escalade , perhaps even nuclear conflict in worse case . 
  in both case russia lose too much to call it a victory ) . 
  honestly from a realpolitik point of view ukraine was an opportunist move , a understandable bet , but an attack against a nato member would be a ridiculous , nonsensical move . 
  putin and the russians know that , in particular if you consider the lengths they went to to make sure ukraine did n't enter nato in the foreseeable future . 
  as far as i am aware these require american codes , so no .
