  although they could have pushed onward to fight the icelanders to the absolute bitter end , a peace was made , half of what the english thought they would get at the start of the war . 
  6 provinces , strategicaly placed for trade , were taken , and the colonial nation of the six colonies was founded . 
  the english soldiers came back home victorious , but a bitter taste in the mouth . 
  nevertheless , the ~ ~ compulsive schemer ~ ~ most noble sovereign had managed to put forward other plans , and secured the electors 's votes while ensuring the annexion of savoy , the current emperor . 
  the 13 november 1550 , philip i of the house of ~ ~ / u/pelin0re ~ ~ stratford was elected emperor and put the imperial crown on his head . 
  a strong emperor was again at the head of the holy roman emperor , and the most prestigious title came rightifully to the one who deserved it the most . 
  for this reason , and because scottish and irish soldiers had fought at the side of english one in the american war ~ ~ of independance ~ ~ , at the return of the heroes of war , his imperial majesty philip the first proclaimed the formation of the crown of great britain , ruling legitimately over all the british isles and beyond . 
  after that , the situation in europe was most confused : the italian nation was formed and attack the austrian crown , the papacy lost all temporal power , sweden affirmed his power and france had to crush many rebels while ~ ~ doing shady things ~ ~ getting castille as a march . 
  a new nation known as ethiopia crushed the mamluks and reached the mediterranean sea , and words reached europe of some mughals empire , whose size and power dwarfed the imagination and were shaking asia . 
  in this turmoil , britain , after many tractations , renounced parts of his iberian claims in exchange of several counterparts , and seized the southern provinces that were his by right ~ ~ and two more temporary because shady things ~ ~ . 
  he was also able , before the end of 1568 , to conquer large swaths of land in morocco held by the aragonnese crown , and came in contact with a conqueror from the other direction : some `` king of mali '' , that netherlandese merchands already taught him about . 
  what do the future unfold for the people of europe and the world ? 
  will half of my unnumerable shenanigans eventually work out ? 
  will britain be able to hold against the whole world in the leagues war to come and make the catholic faith triumph over heresy ? 
  you 'll see in the next session , on / r/europe campaign !, 
  ** his imperial majesty , emperor of the holy britannian empire , most catholic king of great britain , lord of shenanigans , he who plot a lot , / u/pelin0re **, 
  yeah but making it the primary lecture on every position is unhealthy and frankly stupid . 
  there are so many reasons that could motivate someone to oppose macron , making it a question of wether you 're against putin or you love him is so ...  or , arguably more likely , implying that if you and putin both think a political move will be beneficial to your respective position/country , its unlikely for both of you to be right . 
  i vehemently disagree with that . 
  so what , if we 're both against nuclear proliferation i 'm in the wrong ? 
  god , i hope we never manage to make him to more efforts in the fight against global warming , that would mean we were wrong all along ... good relations between two countries ( here france and russia ) can be beneficial to both too , if handled correctly . 
  what 's with that `` pro-putin/anti-putin '' binary lecture of politics ? 
  i have n't yet ate up to 200 % oe :(, 
  it 's quite a silly affirmation . 
  obsolete , probably , but `` no purpose '' ? 
  they tried to get some in place ( see the system of law in the regency of louis xv ) . 
  france 's xviiith century is one of many failed reforms . 
   eating upwards to 200 % oe only got 50 % oe -_-, 
  looks more like western england to me . 
  england here , did some teamwork with france : helped him take eastern iberia , then fenced off his hordes of rebels , then attacked portugal and got some moroccan clay , though far less land than i thought the ws would get me . 
  also got my five colonial provinces and formed canada . 
  yeah , you are probably right , the translation/terminology is probably shady here . 
  but i just want to point out that it would be a far healthier reaction from our society if we did n't accord so much importance to terrorism : we treat it as a problem to solve , with a proportionnal legal and securitary answer , but medias and politics do n't speak continiusly of terrorism ( and they do because the population let itself be fascinated/afraid of it and would boo and politically kill the first to suggest it is n't that important in the grand scheme of things ) . 
  we ( and politicians too ) let ourselves be emotionally compromised by what is basically a mostly psychological attack with a small physical damage . 
   terrorism is n't something you ` learn to live with ' , it is in no way something we can not ever resolve , something we are stuck with . 
  it 's not something we can resolve/make disappear in the short/middle-term either : i mean we can work toward it , but it will take generations in the best case . 
  while the governments and the services do what they can , the population should learn to live with it and not let itself be hyperbollically psychologically impacted by what is at an individual scale an heartbreaking tragedy but at a societal scale a ( and it is very difficult to hear or say that ) relatively small phenomenon outside of the psychological effect ( even with dozens of dead per year , the number of deads/woundeds is more than 10 times lesser than ` normal ' homicies , 100 times lesser than people killed in cars , 1000 times lesser than people killed by cardiac illness , yet it makes more noise and effect that either of these objectively heavier problems , because everybody fall for the psychological attack ) . 
   all this because 100 years ago someone claimed to see an apparition . 
  eh , and also because there has been many unexplained `` miraculous '' recoveries , of which there is [ dozens of documented , medically unexplained ones ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/gu%c3%a9risons_de_lourdes ) . 
  perhaps with the advance of medicine we 'll find explanations , but not absolutely all of the hopes are disappointed , be it a mystery of faith or science . 
  also `` getting cured '' is n't the sole reason for them to come , for many it 's more of a spiritual step in the face of disease or death ;, 
  you were supposed to fight the heretics , not become one !, 
  well then i guess i 'll do the opposite : i who was supposed to become an heretic will fight them !, 
  england here : soon after the start , having dishinherited my shit heir my ruler died childless at 65 years old ( and i had such a great queen ... ) , putting me under pu of my ally france . 
  before he could release me the iberians attacked france ( and thus me ) to get the english throne . 
  but despite an attack of burgundy and some allies , the war was won without too much fear , and the iberians even asked for separate peaces , which allowed france to make ridiculous gains on every fronts . 
  after england helped crush some rebels , france then gave back its rightful independance to the noble race of the english . 
  the new sovereign at last got iceland from the seafarers exiling themselves in the new world , and after plenty of hesitation , resolved to not bath his blades in blood and concluded a peaceful and strong bond with his neighbor the netherlands ( as is specified in catholic teachings ) . 
  though strange things are happening in europe , as the words of christ is discuted , disputed , and his holy church is contested . 
  di\u00e1bolos , he who divide , have striken christendom in the most abject way seen since the great western schism . 
  and alas , who stand by the side of the truth and the vicar of christ ? 
  misled by predicators ( and some silly things like `` age objectives '' ) , the dukes , kings and republics of the empire have turned their back to the one true faith like one man , as have the sedish and polish crown . 
  at least in this era of heresy the new world provide a fertile ground for the true faith , and goods shall soon flow from there to fill the coffers of christendom . 
  i find it very interesting than the huge percentage is not because of the punishment but because ( thanks to the mandatory voting ) the habit have been interiorised and belgians find it a normal/dutiful thing to do . 
  do you really have to express yourself in such a rude and arrogant manner ? 
  of course people often use `` europe '' to say `` european union '' , and even if you disagree with this semantic habit and strictly speaking it is not in europe it is still very relevant to europe ( as it 's a part of france and the european space program is there ) thus relevant to / r/europe . 
  honestly i think that at the ministerial scale it become harder to find people who have the competence + the knowledge on the subject + the political weight befitting of the role ( though as you said , other , less noble criteria often trump these ones ) , and that imposing parity is detrimental , in particular with a pool of women suitable candidates smaller than the masculine pool . 
  the parliamentary scale is perhaps a better one ( bigger number , less visibility allow new people to make mistakes and gain experience with high political cost ) although i hope once we 've `` injected '' enough women in the political system we 'll stop imposing/self-imposing parity . 
  `` the governed '' do n't form an homogenous entity , and you never get 100 % people supporting the current system ( you always have the anarchists anyway ) , so * de facto * it is n't so much `` the consent of the governed '' rather than `` the consent of as much of the governed as you can and you coerce the ( hopefully few ) other ones '', 
  eh , we also know them ( `` les saints de glace '' ) in france . 
   i 'm not pessimistic , just curious . 
  oh , i was more saying in general about the `` the world is getting worse/more dangerous '' rethoric . 
  asking for sources for such claims is a healthy reaction , no prob . 
  well , of course the decline is not linear , though it 's noticeable . 
  also these ups and downs are rare ( korean war and vietnam mainly , with iran-irak i think . 
  do n't see rwandese genocide though ) and much smaller than what world wars would give us ( much more than the peak of 600 000 a year , that 's sure ) . 
  and considering the demographical impact of the world wars ( you add spanish civil war , chino-japanese war , colonial exactions ... ) i think it 's not that much of a stretch to say the second part of xxth century is more peaceful than the first part . 
  honestly though the impact of mad on peace between great powers ( and thus no world wars/total war as a possibility to resolve diplomatical/economical conflict or rivalry ) is pretty much a fact . 
  hae some neat graphs [ here ] ( http://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ourworldindata_war-deaths-by-world-region.png ) and [ here ] ( http://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ourworldindata_wars-after-1946-state-based-battle-death-rate-by-type.png ) i could seek data on health but i do n't think it 's contested that things are becoming better on this front too . 
  honestly this world does n't deserve so many pessimism . 
  ... not at all manichean there , man . 
  if patriotism/nationalism ( whatever we call the affection and feeling of belonging to a nation ) disappear , people just turn toward individualism or a feeling of belonging to another , generally smaller ( and more able to immediatly protect them/care for them/return their attention ) , community ( be it ethnic , regional , familial ... ) . 
  one does n't simply `` turn off '' patriotism and suddendly most people turn toward globalism . 
  of course excess is bad , but weakening patriotism without an already well-established feeling of belonging to an european or mondial community ( and structure able to sustain/return the care and attention ) is n't necessarily going to lead to a better world , on the contrary . 
  polls a few day ago gave fillon voters 40 % to macron , 30 % to le pen and the rest absention/blank . 
  the debate probably pushed a few of the one envisaging le pen toward abstention/blank . 
  yeah , `` la maison de jeanne d'arc '' is not her house , as she was born in the east of france , it 's the place where she slept when she was here . 
  well , its perfect copy built in the sixties , because the original got destroyed in 1940 . 
  there is a part of the population that work in paris . 
  but mostly it 's just that 's it 's not very animated apart compared to towns of the same size . 
  what the ? ... 
  i almost missed this post !, 
  represent !, 
  who are you and what have you done to / u/floyddit ? 
  well to be honest your tone was n't that vitriol-free . 
  oh yeah , not advocating for full proportionnal ( though i think a dose would be healthy ) , just pointing that the system is n't * that * straightforward . 
  well to be fair the legislatives elections are n't done to the proportionnal . 
  you walk finely the line between a troll and an extremely obnoxious person ... 
  how did he get that title ? 
  is n't it unfair to have wealth and a familial network just by virtue of being born ? 
  yet taking children from their families at birth and having them being raised by the state is n't that favored of a position . 
  one other way to look at the thing is with a pragmatic/holistic point of view : what is the best model for the country/society ? 
  personnally it seems to me constitutionnal monarchy have a few advantages : it 's basically a human flag , good national focus . 
  it 's much more neutral than an elected head of state and thus far easier to preserve a consensual good view toward it . 
  it 's a pretty good way to affirm countinuity of the state beyond five-year mandates ( also as it does n't change as often it 's a better national symbol than the lected one ) . 
  it 's one more counter-power/check-and-balance hindering an evolution toward dictatorship . 
  also purely my point of view , mais \u00e7a a de la gueule . 
  though all of the above is really worth it/possible only if there is a support of the population , and the third republic did a good work , so trying to have a constitutional monarchy in france would be pointless . 
  i find it interesting how the idealism/pragmatism difference is visible when comparing for exemple france and the uk and how they treat the subject of royalty . 
  yup , in particular with a high number of players , there 's no balance problem that ca n't be solved by a high enough amount of diplomacy .
