yeah , the quality was good , and it was one of the best , to my mind it could perhaps have won even without the positive discrimination . 
  but even inside `` conservative countries '' , the ones interacting with eurovision are probably not really representative of the general position toward lgbt in their countries . 
  and seriously , the fact that every nation 's team was given points by calling the name of their countries , when it was its turn , it was always `` x points to conchita '' with a little complice smile . 
  really , the bias was kind of obvious and unnerving . 
  eeeeh ... the thing is , their seat at the permanent council give them a right of veto if say , the onu want to give a mandate for an intervention in africa . 
  their size make them directly relevant in almost all of eurasia , and they have a biggest diplomatical influence that what their economical size suggest . 
  so ultimately i 'd say they are a global player . 
  a weak one , but still a global player . 
  source ? 
  i 'm on mobile and i 'm not sure how to seek the number of total deployed people in more than one decade and on several conflicts . 
  aside afghanistan , irak and lybia , did the uk military took part to other operations ? 
  on the other hand french troops have been regularly deployed in african operations , and they went in afghanistan too . 
  i 'm not sure that the uk troops have really much more combat experience than french ones . 
  i 'm not that sure about your navy being better . 
  among other things , you lack a carrier , thus giving to france more projection power than you ( well at least when the carrier is not at docks and until you finish your owns , but still ) . 
  people tend to confuse `` figurehead '' and `` leader '' . 
  no single country can lead the eu alone , but i guess it 's easier to forget that than to consider the labyrinthic reality of inter-european diplomacy . 
  nato is n't the correct term . 
  but the us and several of their allies supported different rebel groups against assad . 
  they failed to overthrown him and instead kept ( like russia did by supporting assad ) dragging on the conflict by being unable to win but avoiding to lose . 
  i would n't go as far . 
  russia have lost more than what it have won . 
  not just economically , but diplomatically it was an extremely bad move , and russia paid a heavy price for what it gained . 
  definitely not an exemple of flawless victory thanks to violence and invasion . 
   spend less not by a huge margin . 
  and the numbers differs depending of the sources , because of what you put under `` defense spending '' and the fiscal games of the governements . 
  also the uk is undergoing huge spendings ( nuclear submarines , carriers ' construction ... ) that give in the end less `` oxygen '' to their army than the french . 
   more concerned about employement than performance . 
  or , you know , trying to do both at once ? 
  plus , it 's more a question of national sovereignty than employement , and every country do that more or mess , depending on their means . 
   it 's less veteran fighting force wut ? 
  care to explain ? 
  this looks like some slightly immature way of trolling / r/europe and its anti-clausel part , and as such it should n't earn an upvote from me . 
  but well , baguettes ... 
  technically there are us trainers and advisors in jordan to train some rebel groups . 
  the rest of your point still stands , obviously . 
  there seems to be a common misunderstanding on this sub ( it became less and less common as knowledgeable people enlightened most of less knowledgeable ones ) : us , uk and russia did n't give any engagement to protect ukraine . 
  they each other promised at the budapest memorandum to refrain from attacking ukraine , to use nuclear weapons against ukraine , and promised to take the matter to un security council if ukraine was attacked or threatened by nuclear weapons . 
  the us and uk respected their end of the bargain . 
  russia did n't , but that engage only russia , and tell nothing of the uk or the us ' credibility . 
  and it should be noted that , even if russia is less dependant on international credibility than the us , and despite trying to cover this breach of contract under plausible deniability , the damage it have done to russia 's interest , in particular to the long term , are considerable . 
  just look at all its neighbors and even its allies that start to carefully turn their backs from russia now that its reliability has been weakened . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.msz.gov.pl/en/p/wiedenobwe_at_s_en/news/memorandum_on_security_assurances_in_connection_with_ukraine_s_accession_to_the_treaty_on_the_npt?printmode=true ) . 
  the [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) gives a good summary too . 
  so yeah , the budapest memorandum is nothing like nato . 
  it 's not a treaty of mutual or unilateral assistance . 
  it 's basically just a treaty of non-agression . 
  for 39 : 1 ) they did n't bail out , they declared war on germany , as pledged . 
  yeah , the ensuing defensive strategy has been a complete failure , but as much a failure to protect itself than a diplomatical failure 2 ) france and the uk were completely traumatised by ww1 3 ) the world was much less bound together by treaties . 
  imo , the great powers had much more freedom to do what they wanted by the strenghts of their armies . 
  4 ) ww2 ( as we know it . 
  because japan and russia would n't have ceased to be threats just like that ) and poland invasion would n't have been possible if the allied ( and france in particular ) had n't let germany breach the treaty of versailles 's clauses on militarisation . 
  that was not a problem about the weakness of military pledge , it was a problem about france being a total push-over in this era because of ww1 . 
  5 ) in 1939 the allies ( us was n't at war and ussr neither , at least not on the good side ) did n't have the kind of superiority that nato have currently against russia . 
  hitler did what he did , and risked what he risked because in the end he wanted war against france so he could risk it a bit sooner . 
  russia can not hope to win a conventionnal war against otan , and otan can be confident in its abilities to win a war against russia . 
  tl ; dr : in the first case not the same kind of treaty at all , in the second case not the same situation or ( more important ) the same balance of power . 
  three importants things : first , nato 's members are not gon na sit waiting that russia fully annex norway and then issue an ultimatum . 
  rapid responses forces will alrady have been sent , the logistics for a bigger operation will be functioning , and several nato 's members will already have lost men . 
  at this moment , it is not about intervention or not intervention , boots are already on the grounds and citizens have died . 
  secondly : i 'm not even going to speak about the strategic and economic value of norway , of how a russian norway would directly threaten western and central europe , the oil approvisionment , the artic claims or european commerce , because that 's not even the most important point . 
  the most important point is : norway is member of nato . 
  this mean that if nato members do n't defend nato when attacked , they lose all their diplomatical credibility , and they simply ca n't allow it , in particular for the us and in some mesure the uk and france . 
  that 's why they would intervene to defend even estonia , or even ukraine if it was a nato member . 
  that 's why putin did what it took to avoid ukraine from entering nato in the future . 
  thirdly : if that ultimatum tactic had any chance of working , why did n't any nuclear powers used it to conquer half of the world already ? 
  or the ussr taken every non-nuclear country in europe ? 
  to use nuclear threats , you need a good reason , a reason that justify you risking blowing up the world , or else the others will think you are bluffing and intervene anyway . 
  and then either you blow up the world or you forfeit your international ( and internal ) credibility . 
  and it also mean that next time that you threaten to use nukes , people wo n't take your threats as seriously that perhaps they should if you really mean it . 
  tl ; dr : international credibility is extremely important , even vital for global powers ' interests . 
  and nuclear deterrant only work if you use it when it is obvious to everyone that your sovereignty/survival/national integrity/indispensable assets are threatened , and even then , we 'll never get to know what those threatening the use of nuclear force under these circonstance had really mean it , or would have stopped short of burning the world . 
  i think that such a centralisation is bound to create a `` country in the country '' and setting paris and the parisian in a separate identity . 
  then , as you said , there is many occurence where the parisian intelligentia/bourgoisie , or parisian inhabitants/rioters dictated the fate of france and claimed themselves representative of the french people 's will . 
  also , the fact that it is a reaaaally big city , in my mind , lead parisian to be completely oblivious/indifferent to bypassers/strangers , which is viewed as rude by people from smaller towns . 
  and the size of the town/density of population alone is unsettling for many . 
  the slight pollution can be a factor too . 
  [ not an impossible feat , mind you ... ] ( http://www.dialbforblog.com/archives/599/thor-deathtrap.png ), 
  hard to say ... rio de janeiro is sublim , with its hills/mountains , its beaches ... las vegas is ... quite excentric . 
  rome seems to have the same kind of overflowing cultural bagage than paris , but with a much better weather . 
  and i just passed one day by barcelona but damn , this sagrada familia ... 
  i wrote `` ours '' and then i could n't unsee it and had to share this brilliant bilingual pun . 
  thanks you my good sir , i live to entertain . 
  to be fair , the 14th century sucked for everyone . 
  cultural hegemony should have been ours !, 
  [ ours !, 
  ] ( http://img0.mxstatic.com/wallpapers/d5325944eeb879b7fa6e28246c0a8b14_large.jpeg ), 
  your are speaking of the 2003 intervention/invasion of irak ? 
  france did n't send any troops there . 
  if anything it strongly opposed the operation . 
  `` you know , it 's the country around paris . '', 
  oh , poland is definitively promising . 
  but to think that they are going to have a bigger military budget that germany or italy in the 20 or 30 next years ... no . 
  poland 's current budget is around 6000m $ . 
  italy 's one is around 20000m $ . 
  poland seems to be a bit overrated on the military side in this subreddit ( and well , on the economical side as well ) . 
  sure , they are getting more serious recently , but germany , italy , spain and even the netherlands spend more on military than poland . 
  on the other hand the diplomatical pressure was extremelly strong . 
  \u00b5in the end france resisted going to war , but had to erase the irakian debt it owned and french companies were replaced by american ones . 
  we are not complete puppet of the us , but there is an indiscuttable unbalance of influence/strenght on the international scene between the us and the european states , even the strongest ones .
