  france have around 300 operational warheads ( wiki says 290 as of 2016 ) , with as methods of delivery slbm and the air-based component . 
  at every moment there is at least one submarine immerged with 16 missiles of a range of 8000 to 10 000 kms comporting 6-10 individually targetable nukes . 
  it is a subsequent deterrent . 
  the thing is , what does it means to destroy a country : kill every single citizen , every trace of the enemy state ? 
  and what does it means to survive a nuclear war : when your administration and institutions are beheaded , vital parts of your infrastructures and population centers a destroyed radioactive wreck and your demography irremediably crippled , do you still `` win '' a war ? 
  we could discuss on what degree of destruction make it qualify for mad , but in the end that 's what nuclear deterrence is about : the ability to inflict `` unnacceptable losses '' , losses so great and crippling that no gains from this war would justify the risk of a nuclear conflict . 
  and honestly for that a few nukes reaching the biggest cities of your ennemy , razing the historical centers and killing percents of losses of his population in the double digits are already enough . 
  okay , i feel the need to intervene as i saw people saying this and using polls to support their claims : 1 ) polls for `` in case of war with x , would you ... '' are nearly useless , a conflict being attached to a particular context which `` justify '' fighting in it , so asking the opinion before is n't predictive of the popular support in such a scenario . 
  2 ) there is a `` rally around the flag '' effect once the armed forces are fighting , and politicians are aware of it . 
  3 ) going to war is n't decided by the population , in france 's case it does n't even need the parliament 's approval ( at least in the three first months , and the parliament is always on the same side than the president anyway ) 4 ) france have heavy interests in militarily supporting estonia ( or another eu/nato country ) in the case of russian agression : a ) it 's an economical partner b ) france 's pledged help and as an international actor its word and the weight of its military garantees are very important to its interests worldwide c ) giving up/betraying estonia would mean the death of the eu , at least its eastern component , and france really does n't want that . 
  d ) contrary to ukraine the baltics are clearly in the western sphere of influence , backing down to the russians there would imply that nearly everything else in the sphere of influence is fair game to pick ( part of the reason why russia intervened in ukraine , historically in its sphere of influence ), 
  france have the means to nuke mosciw and st petersburg even after a preemptive strike , so yes . 
  but if there was a war it would be a conventionnal one . 
  the losses/gains ratio of an attack on the baltics is stupidly high anyway , russia is n't going to attack , and in the case they did they 'd lose . 
  meh , there were a lot of deep reasons beyond the monarchs ' wills . 
  which ones are you thinking about ? 
  i 'll repeat myself , but that 's perfectly fine with laicity . 
  let 's not pretend religion or more widely philosophy ( because in philosophy you also often meet axioms that other people do n't adher to ) do n't influence our way to see the world . 
  it could be a problem if his argumentation was build on theological arguments ( `` in the bible/church doctrine there is this , so the state should do that '' ) , but laicity is about not mixing the state and religion , not convictions and religion . 
  feared the church , no ( at least not since richelieu ) . 
  wanting to avoid external/uncontrolled influence yes . 
  though he told that de gaulle was catholic and `` not laiciste '' ( a word we can pull different meanings into ) , not that the catholic church build the institutions of the fifth . 
  also `` nothing to do '' is a bit of a strong word i 'd say , as it deny the complex influence of religion in the worldview of men and thus of anything they build . 
  libertarian is the wrong word , a gross exageration at best for people who want to reduce a public spending which is at 57 % of the gdp . 
  libertarianism is about eiher the disparition of the state or its reduction to only police , justice and army . 
  there is no real political space for libertarians in france ( the closest thing would be the anarchists ) . 
   the spin job is now to hide fillon 's obvious links to radical christian groups , but come on . 
  meh , there 's no `` spin job '' to do . 
  everybody know that he was supported by the movement `` common sense '' , but 1 ) it was n't the main factor of his victory 2 ) he did n't really give them anything as a counterpart . 
   we are talking about a guy who voted against depenalisation of homosexuality , after all . 
  that 's the only true , recevable argument for `` anti-gay '' accusations . 
  also happened in the 80s . 
  the era changes , the people changes . 
   i 'm also sure all of the fillon apologists would be fine if a politician ever said `` as a muslim , i think that ... '' . 
  there is absolutely no incoherence as long as the `` fillon apologists '' ( seriously , is that a thing ? 
  why not `` fillon shills '' while you 're there ? ), 
  do n't protest against islam 's growing influence because it is a religion , but because it is islam . 
  that 's what fillon say , in particular . 
  the polemics around islam are due to the perception of a negative cultural shift/influence , not about la\u00efcit\u00e9 * per se * , so bringing it into the discution is a bit dishonest . 
  because 1 ) / r/europe is rather left-leaning 2 ) french redditors are rather far-left ( by french standards , so that 's preeeetty left for most other countries ) , [ fillon 's party 's got 2 % voters in / r/france last sondage ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/58oign/sondage_des_100_000_rfran\u00e7ais_salairevote/ ) 3 ) redditors on / r/europe shape a lot the view of the majority on what happen in their own country . 
  thus when french redditors depict him as some ultra-liberal ( in many other countries he would be considered pretty statist ) , anti-gay ( only solid argument on that is the vote against depenalisation in the 80s , apart from that calling him homophobe nowadays is a dishonest anathema ) and bigot ( the simple fact he is a christian , say it and is liked by most caholics is in itself a problem for many atheists of the left/far-left ) , then it have a substantial influence on / r/europe views . 
   stopping homosexual adoption is in his platform . 
  noooooo he is n't . 
  seriously guys i get that you hate his liberalism and many atheists the fact that he is christian , but stop buying everything that allow you to hate him further without sole critical thinking . 
  he oppose `` full adoption '' aka destroying the trail of biological origin of the adopted child aka not allowing the child when he become adult to know the identity of his biological parents . 
   the guy says stuff like `` as a christian , i think ... and that 's perfectly fine with laicity . 
  let 's not pretend religion or more widely philosophy ( because in philosophy you also often meet axioms that other people do n't adher to ) do n't influence our way to see the world . 
  it could be a problem if his argumentation was build on theological arguments ( `` in the bible/church doctrine there is this , so the state should do that '' ) , but laicity is about not mixing the state and religion , not convictions and religion . 
  `` fire '' = / = `` not replace when they reach retirement '' . 
  stop deforming ( i 'd even say lying as you pretend it is verbatim ) . 
  yeah , it 's relatively common at the end of a speech , in particular if it is a solemn or empassioned one , to end by `` vive la r\u00e9publique , et vive la france ! '', 
   and indeed , for instance the best real-world model of democracy is ancient -- litterally , athens 200bce eh , i 'd be careful with this often-used model  . 
  less than 10 % of the population could vote , it was very imperialist ( which gave athens some luxury in the choice of its regime , and should moderate the democracy = peace/reasonable government view ) and it is n't necessarily applicable to a larger scale . 
   it 's only my perception , but i do n't really think that france , in general ( i mean historically during the ve r\u00e9p. , and presently accross the whole territory/demography ) , has such a positive take on progressism . 
  the word `` progressism '' was n't much used in itself ( and even then in a rather vague way ) so the term mostly benefit from the good connotation of `` progress '' i 'd say . 
  we even have the same word for `` le progr\u00e9s '' as a concept and `` un progr\u00e9s '' as something good in a domain . 
   besides , when i look at our stance regarding a deeper progressism , like immigration ( all forms of it ) , like legalizing drugs , lgbt rights , gmo ( ` ogm ' ) , stem cell research , uber , evolution of the political regime , etc. 
  : i do n't see a majoritary progressism , i see much conservatism . 
  i 'm curious , do you associate progressim as a positive reaction to the uper-mentionned issues ? 
  because it seemed to me you somewhat associated progressism with `` instinctual good first reaction for something new '' and conservatism with `` instinctual bad first reaction for something new '' . 
  but on each of these subjects ( some more than others ) i could give you reasons that do n't come from a simple knee-jerk reaction or an irrational fear , a ` willfull ignorance ' , does it still makes opposition/mefiance to them ( or any new thing , no matter how legit the opposition ) a conservatist position ? 
   and the right-wing is very much conservative in this country i 'd say there is a big disctinction to make here , for which fillon is a big exemple , as he is societally conservative , but economically certainly not , with a project implying change and some risk-taking ( for better or worse depend of the opinion , and we 'll see if he become president ) . 
   france is mostly right-leaning , eh , i 'd object with this statement , simply because left and right are relative divisions , depending on the support they have . 
  if the center-left get 30 % and the left get 10 % , then `` the center-left '' is in fact the left and `` the left '' is in fact the far-left . 
  `` right '' and `` left '' can not be much unbalanced for long , otherwise their usage change to correct that . 
  you could compare to other countries but then , as you said previously , france could be considered much more left-leaning than many other countries . 
   if i only consider my personal/professional circles , whether left or right most are indeed progressists , but what we say has never been the majoritary view in this country ( mainstream , yes ; majoritary , nope ) . 
  that 's an interestingly lucid statement . 
   i meant that generally , but yes i agree with you in the case of france . 
  so , you definitely associate progressism with liberalism ? 
  that 's what your `` bottom-up '' arguments strongly imply . 
   if this bottom-up construction is true and not just posturing , i have n't checked myself , just talked to people ( so , second-hand knowledge ) . 
  yeah , my perception is that it 's really not that hard to insititute circles where people talk ( that 's what think tanks are ) , takes a few ideas there and do your program mainly based on you and some experts . 
  that 's what most candidates do , and i do n't get the impression it is really different with macron . 
  i 'm not really a cynic , but there is no mean to measure the degree of influence of these `` popular think tanks '' on him and his programm , but i do n't detect a big change caused by them since their creation , and they will be smothered if he get the presidency . 
  to me he is keeping the ambiguity because ambiguity and vagueness is the true key to victory in a presidential , and above all if you takes your roots in the centrist electorate and appeal to both center-right and center-left . 
   we have to concede that it 's not how people usually go about seeking the presidency though ; but it 's mainly because of circonstance : he got a minister without a carrier in a party because of hollande 's favor ( not unrelated to his competencies ) , and is able to seize an electorate because of the convulsions/schism of the ps . 
  in the same way that marion-mar\u00e9chal is able to get her position because of familial circonstances ( and also some competencies ) . 
  though de gaulle equally was able to short-circuit the parties because of `` circonstances '' , i.e. 
  his historical weight and aura , even if he strongly caused these circonstances by his actions . 
   it 's not every day a strong candidate is riding with consensus as a core method . 
  if i wanted to be cruel i 'd mention holland  and it 's a consensus * among his voter base * , not among the voters in general . 
  it just happens that a centrist point of view is on average and by definition more consensual for the voters than a right-wing or a left-wing one . 
  yes he 's got some rethoric `` let 's appease the debate , talk about ideas first '' , but he 's hardly the only one playing this card and without much experience governing or even better in the opposition it 's hard to say how devoted to this concept he is . 
  i can understand your optimism , but for me i 'm doubtful and do n't have much reasons to think otherwise . 
  time will tell . 
  in the ( all in all the most likely ) scenario where he fail , i wonder how he 'll deal with the legislatives , if he manage to create a relevant centrist party , and what he will do in the opposition . 
   i should warn you that even melenchon 's project of a constitutional change is not forward thinking enough to me ( the idea , great ; the kind of regime he envisions however , too old school imho ) . 
  to be fair , after `` and then we create a constituante '' he should stop his programm as it invalidate the kind of regime he envisions by not having any control on the shaping of the regime . 
  i 'd say there is indeed conservatism in the liking of our conception of a president-king ( and i 'm probably including myself in it ) . 
  but as you said there is also a pragmatic argument of answering the people 's demands . 
  and also many more , that can be individually argued ( avoiding fluctuating policies , political instability , keeping the possibility to makes the difficult reforms ... etc ) . 
  i also think that he understood better the presidential function than hollande , and he may exerce it better than sarkozy . 
  still i do n't know if he 'll be able to delegate , `` protect the crown '' and get the popularity needed for the healthy functionnment of the vth ( that 's the deep problem , no matter your competence you needs a consensual respect of the institution and a consensual aura of ** p ** resident . 
  the first has been disintegrating for decades , and only de gaulle was able to truly fulfill the second because of the weight of `` the man of the 18th june '' ) . 
  what type of regime would have your favor , if you could have the opinion to support it ? 
  i did n't expect such a lengthy answer , but it 's a pleasant surprise  though i 'd say you start from a wrong premise : i was n't saying `` progressism is good '' , rather i was saying that , in western societies at least , and in particular ( but not only ) in a country where the divide `` progressism/conservatism '' is n't commonly used/became an habit , `` progressism '' have a good connotation among the population , and conservatism have a slightly bad one , because `` progress '' is very strongly positively connotated and there is this underlying idea of the `` direction of history '' ( in particular in france ) impying that opposing such change is futile and close-minded . 
  i see that you try to show/construct a more balanced use of the terminology `` progressism/conservatism '' , but i 'm discuting the way these words are perceived concretely , and saying that the use of these terms by politician/journalists is detrimental , in a dishonest way , to those who are put in the `` conservatists '' category . 
  i 'm not saying this because of my viewpoint but because i strongly believe it is the society 's perception , at least the french one and probably a lot of other ones . 
  if you had to ask my position , i 'd make mine this quote : - there are two kinds of fools .
