  one says , `` this is old , and therefore good . '', 
  and one says , '' this is new , and therefore better . '' - the fact that an econoical/political/philosophical idea/strategy is new or old is n't , and should n't be an argument * per se * , what matter is if this idea/strategy is adapted to the situation to get the wanted result . 
  saying for exemple `` fillon 's strategy is from the 80s '' ( like macron and some journals say ) is empty and annoying if you do n't explain why it is n't suited to the current situation . 
  for exemple it did n't stop shr\u00f6der from applying a similar strategy and get the wanted results . 
   left - or right-leaning , however , tends to be more cultural . 
  it 's a world vision , resulting from a set of values usually acquired within one 's own family or peer circle . 
  arguably the conservatism/progressism position is also acquired that way . 
   it may be called `` les republicains '' but most of the french right-wing politicians would fit quite nicely in the us democrat party , often at the left mind you . 
  completely agree , left/right is n't really a doctrine and is relative to the local spectrum and change depending of the place and time . 
   it 's the result of two judgments : is it the state that drives society , or the other way around ? 
   at the left , the state leads society ( top-down vision , wherin usually politics  economics ) ; whereas at the right , society drives itself and the state is here to help or get out of the way ( bottom-up vision , usually economics  politics ) . 
  you 're basically associating liberalism with right-wing and statism with left-wing , but i really do n't think that is an accurate association , be it currently ( the fn is statist , and some parts of the far-left are anarchists ) or historically ( with the monarchy , the state building the country , the statist `` leftist '' revolution , the interventionism of de gaulle ... ) it does n't makes much sense . 
   in this sense , macron 's political offer is progressive in that it fits into a bottom-up world vision , consensus-based , and more economically than politically driven . 
  rather economically-driven i 'd say yes but i really do n't see a bottom-up vision . 
  he 's basically presenting himself in the gaullist way `` without party , trust in me and what i evoke for you and follow me !, 
  '' , but stayed relativelly ambiguous on his program . 
  and being `` consensual '' in a centrist way do n't really makes you progressist to me . 
   still too conservative for this era ... on which points you 'd say ? 
  well of course not annoying gratuitously , but as a tool to pressure . 
  but two can play this game , and britain , while still being inside the eu is getting less and less a say in its moves . 
  also being independant and isolated are completely different things . 
  the us certainly is n't isolated from the eu , it has many relays of influence and try to preserve diplomatical capital/good will to call in favors or use it in negociations . 
  it is n't in britain 's interest , no matter how much isolationnist she want to be ( and she wo n't be that much , look at the trade flows ) , to keep as good relationships it can with its neighbors . 
  your position is basically `` yes , we can be pretty annoying if you do n't do as we say '' . 
  but it 's just burning diplomatic capital and unifying the others members against the uk , which become more and more isolated . 
  though he appeal mainly to center-left and center-right voters , and some abstensionnists/anti-establishment voters with a `` i 'm young and not from a party ! '', 
  rethoric . 
  in the end he is a centrist candidate , and this progressist/conservatism divide is just a way to valorise himself . 
  who want to be `` against progress '' ? 
  in the `` wrong sense of history '' ? 
  the ones defining politics as such are always the ones who considers themselves progressists and their opponents conservatists . 
  to me this historical determinism is very annoying . 
  you 're missing two other key aspects : the `` anti-establishment '' and the `` anti-globalisation '' ones . 
  sarkozy is a tactician more than a stratege , an impulsive more than a cold-blooded analyst . 
  he started on a wrong feet , went for the path of a strong relationship and then kinda ruined it by using the obtained good will to get russian agreement to a un mandate in libya in 2011 and stretching it to overthrow khadhafi . 
   ultra radical libertarian it 's laughable . 
  you 're just emptying words ' meaning with such hyperboles , and giving wrong indications to non-french people . 
  `` almost nothing '' , certainly not , just not enough to get to the second turn and very divided historically . 
  i 'd say there is a genuine mutual esteem , but as `` friendly '' as their relationship is it stay a political one first , with their country 's interests first ( cf their post-2012 relationship , fillon 's book `` faire '' , recent articles on le monde and le point , recent declaration of putin on fillon , which all paint a consistant picture ) . 
  fillon 's position is mainly based on the gaullist idea of seeking geopolitical counterbalances to the american alliance and on the need/usefullness of a fruitful dialogue/relationship with russia . 
  pessimism , cynism , nihilism ... we 're well equipped , takes your pick . 
  * cough cough * mali * cough cough * car * cough cough *, 
  france 's historically more friendly position toward russia has never been at the expense of the mutual protection of nato , even with de gaulle 's multiple actions and speeches he fully backed the us when it truly mattered ( u2 , cuba ... ) . 
  i absolutely do n't think fillon is going to gut france 's diplomacy just to appease putin . 
  the fn was able to `` distract '' from their many contradictions for years without needing this `` feud to entertain the masses '' . 
  if you 're saying they are willingly displaying their societal contradictions just to distract from something they do n't need to actively hide , that 's bullshit . 
   france does not have enough nukes to penetrate russian air defenses in a few years when they get more s-500 online . 
  source ? 
  the position of the state and the position of the public are completely different things . 
  and the weight of polls in such a scenario ( for a situation that appear unlikely and that would , if real , be preceded by much discutions and media coverage ) is dubious at best . 
  if a person is so obviously assimilated then no one cares , even the far-right , same thing with zemmour , hidalgo and plac\u00e9 . 
  yep , indeed , but only in the far-right and far left . 
  mostly we see germany as doing things better than us , and all pro-europeans are really attached to the idea of a franco-german couple . 
  in addition to what / u/haplo34 said , keep in mind that the institutions of the fifth republic are extremely solid and stable ( i mean , he stayed five years despite ridiculously low approval ratings ) and give a lot of power to the president . 
  proportionally , a french president have much more power at home than a german chancellor . 
  what?not being the favorite is no excuse . 
  if you present yourself for the presidency , you need a solid programm , in particular since you critisized the government saying : `` but it could be done otherwise , in a better way ! '' . 
  it 's his faukt because he promised he would have good results , and he had very bad ones . 
  yes , it 's the conjecture , but contrary to sarkozy it did n't fall on him in the midst of his mandate , he had time to analyse it . 
  and he made a bad analysis and false promises . 
  in particular a lot of promises he made to his most left-wing voters . 
  if you do n't have the panacea , then you do n't pretend to have it . 
  if you pretend to have it , then have at least the consistency to apply it . 
  that 's pretty much it , following germany . 
  though he had a slightly more pro-greece position than merkel . 
  no , he chose to not compete in the primary , only mean to get endorsed by the ps . 
  [ see my post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5fyhr8/hollande_not_running_for_second_term/dao26aj/ ), 
  the main reasons are : - personnal lack of charisma - won the presidency in good part thanks to anti-sarkozism . 
  when you are elected because people vited against your opponent rather than for you , your approval/legitimity does n't start very high . 
  - he had years to prepare alternance , four years to prepare a counter to the crisis after critisizing the right-wing government , and when he comes to power the amateurism of him and several of his ministers are apparent . 
  a lot of bickering among his ministers and , it 's a first in the fifth republic ( outside cohabitation ) some ministers openly disrespect/undermine/mock him , and he does n't fire them . 
  - he underestimated the crisis , for the first two years he thought it would quickly solve itself , and did n't do much except increase taxes ( despite promising in campaign not to do so and antagonized a lot of french ) - he made some strong promises/speech in the 2011 left-wing primary to the left of his side , `` my enemy it 's [ the world of ] finances !, 
  '' , `` i 'll renegociate european treaties with merkel '' ... etc and did n't do any of that . 
  - to mask the fact he was n't taking any very left economic policy he chose to take a societally left measure : homosexual marriage ( polls gave it a slight majority for on principle but most thought it was n't the priority ) . 
  the contestation was surprisingly huge ( like , really ) but contrary to many tried reforms hollande did n't gave it up , which antagonized him strongly and durably a good chunk of the right - in the middle of his mandate he took valls as pm and took the path of more liberal reforms , `` betraying '' the left-wing of the ps - in general he tried to be ( his campaign 's words ) a `` normal president '' , but the french president is institutionnally and symbolicaly a president-king , he seems out of place and unnadapted to the post ( like sarkozy who acted as an hyperactive pm instead of a president arbiter ) . 
  - bad political moves here , there and there hope it helps , 
  well to be honest i do n't say `` useful lie '' with any strong feeling for or against it , even if it 's a bit provocating , `` useful delusion '' is probably a more suited term as it does n't necessarily imply intent behind . 
  yeah , you 'd think so ( france had like 1/6th of europe 's population under louis xiv ) , but europe had kind of a balance of power , and it 's a bit like eu4 , you ca n't just attack anything you want . 
  france spent the centuries slowly eating east and centralising itself around paris and the monarchy . 
  honestly , i think that christendom , and catholicism in particular , by setting a common framework ensured a competitiveness while still having some `` rules '' and strong exchanges , which explain europe emerging and dominating the way it did , instead of having a big empire swallowing around him and growing complacent . 
  geography probably played a role as well . 
  ... so i give you concrete exemple and you just tell me `` eh , go see in the litterature '' ? 
  fine . 
  no , i mean arab or african countries , on which people often wish to see our model of democracy on it `` because democracy is the best '' , without realising that there is the reality of regional , tribal and religious divide behind that make the imposition of our model on it unreasonable/unhealthy as long as things are in this cultural state . 
  jordan without the monarchy would have been ( and still would be ) completely screwed . 
  and syria is in civil war because many minorities do n't want a tyranny of the majority as in irak with maliki . 
  i just wanted to enlarge the debate beyond western nation-states , as we look upon undemocratic countries in the world with our ethnocentric lenses . 
  `` the people '' is a social construction that makes democracy works when enough people believe in it , it 's a useful lie . 
  there is no best system in absolute , it depends on the context . 
  democracy certainly was n't / is n't the best system in all scenario : if you 're not a nation-state , do n't have a common feeling of belonging to the same community ( if you belong to an ethnie or a region or a religious branch first , you just get tyranny of the majority or endorsed `` cleansing '' ) , or the comlunications or travel techniques are n't evolved enough , or a population of unalphabetes peasants whose horizon is the next village ... etc the `` best system '' does n't really exist . 
  it 's all about the most suited to the situation and the chosen priorities ( social justice , security , administration , stability ... ), 
  in a monarchy ( in particular of divine right ) they have it too . 
  nah , that 's not it . 
  china had no true regional rival , but europe was fiercely competitive , and france was more a first among peers than a true hegemon . 
  even strong , france had to fight spain , austria , german princepalties , england , or half of europe when it was in a good form . 
  and wars were hard-fought with both victories and defeat . 
  no , it 's a combinaison of other countries closing the demographic gap , internal conflicts , diplomatic/geostrategic errors and nationalism in the 19th . 
  it 's not so much france becoming weaker than its neighbors growing bigger and stronger , i 'd say . 
  how yeah , that 's annoying . 
  to be fair our doctrine and headquarters sucked quite a lot too in ww1 and 1870 too .
