most crime is centered in a few `` hot spot '' cities more like `` hot spots '' within the cities . 
  can confirm . 
  chicago is also much cleaner , and we have a lakefront . 
  and some of the ugliest . 
   racism . 
  most americans are very racist against hispanics , african americans , and muslims . 
  that is why they elected this guy . 
  got some bad n00z for you m8 . 
  it 's not much better in europe , and dare i say , it 's probably worse . 
  valencia was a let down . 
  the old town was nice , but nothing too special . 
  maybe my opinion is tainted by the nonstop rain during the three days i was there . 
  barcelona was all right . 
  madrid was much more beautiful than the others . 
  does it have anything to do with that enormous basf chemical plant there ? 
  my previous employer had a small plant near ludwigshafen ( not basf ) , and most of the office workers lived in mannheim . 
  they joked that ludwigshafen was just terrible . 
   the best weather in the country is in la , and so is hollywood i 'd rather suffer through a cold winter than deal with socal fuckwits . 
  your face looks horrid :p, 
  we do n't have the fancy european-market nutella here . 
  if such a thing even exists . 
   nice try disguising your sandwich as a piece of cake , guck 's mal . 
  endlose m\u00f6glichkeiten  also i 'll have you know that calling grey bread `` toast '' disqualifies you from any discussion about taste in europe . 
  yeah , that fancy european bread you guys think is just sooooooo divine . 
  the crust is so hard and sharp that it rips the living shit out of your roof of your mouth and makes your gums bleed . 
  strong 2/10 , not recommended . 
  bro , please . 
  https://cdn-jpg.thedailymeal.net/sites/default/files/styles/tdm_slideshow_large/public/tdm_slides/595285.jpg?itok=4l9txcu9 here 's a picture of a proper pb&j for comparison with your sandwich , which , by the way , looks like someone spread baby shit on a piece of toast . 
   we have nutella which is clearly superior come at me . 
  that shit is so expensive though . 
  $ 7.99 for like 100g ? 
  peanut butter hardly has any sugar , especially relative to nutella , which everyone in this thread is going ga-ga over . 
  nutella is also very calorie dense . 
  same calorie density as peanut butter . 
  see , nutella has too much sugar for my taste . 
  very `` meh '' in flavor . 
  those are jellies that you put on your sandwich with peanut butter so you have a pb&j . , 
  it 's usually not very sweet at all . 
  sometimes honey is added to incorporate more sweetness . 
   english has very soft consonants if you think english has soft consonants , try spanish . 
   we do n't have the kkk . 
  please . 
  you have neonazis . 
   we do n't have police officers routinely shooting black people for no reason and getting away with it . 
  we do n't have mass incarceration of black people and we do n't use this as a voter suppression tool . 
  we do n't have the systemic gerrymandering disenfranchising black people , and we do n't quite have an infrastructure in which white people stretch through endless white peaceful suburbs and black people live in `` the projects '' . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  you do n't really have much of a black population in europe . 
  if you did , much of the same racist nonsense would happen . 
  also , white people do n't just live in `` peaceful white suburbs . '', 
  lots of whites live in the inner city too . 
   buses from the `` black '' neighborhoods are unable to drive under them , effectively limiting access to much of the city . 
  * [ citation needed ] *  i 'm going to take a wild guess here and say that you 're not black . 
  because black people see plenty of racism in big cities . 
  in fact , that 's where a lot of the institutionalized racism occurs . 
  housing segregation and slums and impoverished black neighborhoods  please , that crap was built in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  most of that institutionalized racism died long ago . 
  it 's people that hold racist views now , and that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  people in cities are considerably less racist than in rural areas . 
   police using gang violence as an excuse for terrorizing black communities etc. 
  lol . 
  if you think police are the ones doing the terrorizing in these neighborhoods , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  do you know how many black gang members shoot other black gang members everyday in my city ? 
  do you ? 
  now contrast that with the number of police shootings . 
  police shootings are a problem , but compare that to the ** everyday ** black on black violence you see , and it 's a drop in the bucket . 
   if you think racism in america is just a matter of rednecks waving the confederate flag and shouting the n-word , you really need to do some homework . 
  i 've lived in the country for 33 years and have seen both sides of the coin over and over . 
  i do n't need to do homework . 
  maybe you need to . 
  brexit = non-londoners pissed off that london was the only area seeing any economic growth in the u.k. 
  so , the non-londoners voted to fuck themselves . 
  trump = non-urban americans pissed off that the only economic growth in the u.s. over the last 8 years was in big cities . 
  so , they reject the establishment politicians and vote for whomever is n't establishment , also fucking themselves . 
  edit : my point being that there are glaring similarities . 
  but that 's the pot calling the kettle black . 
  europe is still just as racist . 
  no denying that . ', 
  edit : and i further add that most of the racism happens outside of big cities and in the southern states . 
  the big , diverse cities see substantially less racism , though there are no absolutes . 
   forming , maintaining and following a queue in an ordered and disciplined fashion . 
  what about enjoying the queue though ? 
  because i hear the brits actually * enjoy * queuing . 
  no cases ? 
  that simplifies it a lot . 
  are adjective endings in swedish more or less inflected than those in german ? 
  in german , the adjective ending depends on three things : gender , case , and what precedes that adjective ( definite article ( the ) , indefinite article ( a/an ) , or un-preceded ) . 
  i suppose you could say it 's really four things , because plurals can change the adjective ending too . 
  while portuguese looked like `` drunk spanish '' for spanish speakers * with weird ass noises between words * i lol ` ed, 
  trying to remember adjective endings on the spot . 
  nope . 
  eastern seaboard is too densely populated , which means ridiculously expensive cost to buy the property needed to build the infrastructure . 
  that 's the area that 's least likely to be fiscally possible . 
  the build costs would be prohibitive . 
  and i do n't really see how public transit in a city has anything to do with intercity transit . 
  we 're talking about an alternative to regional flying , not how you go about moving within the city itself . 
  the distance between several cities in the midwest corridor is perfectly reasonable for high speed rail . 
  same goes for west coast . 
  it could work in several other areas : milwaukee-chicago-columbus-pittsburgh-philly seattle-portland-sacremento-san francisco ( oakland ) - los angeles-san diego the northeast us already has a quasi-high speed network called the acela . 
  but it 's not so great .
