  ( made from savory batter , similar to pancake batter , but crispy . ), 
  and it 's delicious . 
  edit : [ a less staged picture ] ( https://facon500.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/imag0208.jpg ), 
  most : as mentioned before , the nhs . 
  least : how much class is still a big issue . 
  how we are allowing the nhs to be treated . 
  how not `` into politics '' so many of us are . 
  personally yes i would be favour of that . 
  canada and australia especially as they are part of the commonwealth . 
  i am a big fan of freedom of movement . 
  however , i do think we should put in place certain caveats . 
  i do n't think it should be easy for criminals to just flee to other countries . 
  our police forces would need to be able to cooperate better before we could allow freedom of movement . 
  grateful to ireland for being the north of england 's umbrella and sheltering us from the worst of atlantic storms . 
  grateful to france for giving us so many of their words and for helping to dig a big tunnel . 
  grateful to belgium for making wonderful chocolate . 
  irish can be known as gaeilge though, 
  that 's not even close to being true . 
  you know nazis ^ tm are european , right ? 
  i 'd say the great british bake off has definitely been hugely popular in the news recently . 
  first , that it wa smoving to channel 4 . 
  then , that mel and sue would n't be following it . 
  then , that mary berry would n't either . 
  then that paul would . 
  however , this is dying down and today the front page of every newspaper shows sam allardyce the england football manager has resigned . 
  i would have thought liverpool would fit the bill pretty well ( through reputation not actual scumminess ) as there are many jokes about people getting their tyres nicked if they go there . 
  glasgow has a rep for being quite stabby , i 'd say that fits the bill too . 
  sounds right , i know someone from the south west who had seen but never spoken to any person of colour until she was about 16 or so . 
  ( and when she did it was in manchester ! ), 
  in britain , we just call it `` britain '' . 
  found the scot !, 
  yes !, 
  they sell these at the co op in the uk and they 're like egg custard tarts only ... better !, 
  i think nando 's have them too, 
  that looks like heaven !, 
  can you get them elsewhere in the netherlands ? 
  you can in the uk , but they are poor compared to the ones you can get elsewhere ( in my opinion ), 
  i 'm not saying that 's what proves we are countries . 
  just pointing out that we do things that other countries do . 
  so it should n't come as that big of a shock . 
  the way i understand it is that the british think their rivals are the germans , the germans think their rivals are the dutch and the dutch think their rivals are the british . 
  that 's not even close to true ( the reason the countries play separately ) are you doing this on purpose ? 
  edit : and football is n't the only sport we do this in, 
  hello !, 
  english person here claiming that england is a country , 
  i 'm english and i consider england a country ( as well as wales and scotland etc ) have you never wondered why we play football as separate teams ? 
  i 'm gon na use / u/stalky 's format but this time for the uk : conservative : fuck the poor labour : fuck the rich liberal democrats : fml ukip : fuck europe snp : fuck everything but scotland plaid cymru : fuck sheep dup : fuck sinn fein sin fein : fuck dup green : fuck capitalism, 
  2 reasons , political and personal . 
  i agree with him on a lot policitally , and his achievements such as bridging a gap between the us and iran and cuba are very important for world peace and his efforts to improve access to healthcare , something i believe should be a basic human right . 
  then you have the personal side , i think he 's funny and inspiring . 
  you know , if i tell people i 'm a fan of taylor swift i * never * get asked why , even though she 's obviously just a pop star and obama has actually changed the world ( for better or worse is of course a matter of opinion ) and it 's weird is n't it how we blindly accept fandom of a singer but when it 's a world leader no one gets why . 
  personally i was excited but that 's because i 'm a fan , and i follow us politics quite closely . 
  i also agree with his pro eu stance . 
  people who also follow us politics ( or maybe just politics in general ) but disagree with him will likely be annoyed that he came . 
  for the most part though , people do n't seem to care much . 
  they know he 's here , but they do n't feel strongly about it . 
  more people cared when romney criticised our olympics . 
  a really nice detached 4 or 5 bedroom house with garden and garage . 
  west yorkshire , uk . 
  it 's ridiculous how much regional variance there is !, 
  honestly , i 'm not sure where the money goes . 
  i would imagine it goes to the government but whether they put it back into the nhs or not i 'm not sure . 
  personally i think prescription charges are too high , i understand that they do n't want to make them completely free or people may go to the doctors for things that you can buy yourself and waste their time . 
  but it 's too high , imo . 
  regardless of how much the drugs cost . 
  if i was prescribed paracetamol i would go to the supermarket and pay 30p , if it can be bought cheaper elsewhere you are free to do do . 
  well it depends what it 's for . 
  if you just want to see your gp ( local doctor ) then you typically call in the morning and get an appointment that day . 
  if they 're already full and you feel it ca n't wait you can go to a walk in centre who will see you that day . 
  the month long waits are not to see the first initial doctor but the specialist you are referred to and it would only be as long as 2-3 months if not an emergency . 
  or ... if it 's a mental health issue ( a big problem that does need tackling by the nhs ) . 
  if it 's urgent you will be treated urgently . 
  i 'm in the uk , england to be more specific . 
  i give it 9/10 , it would get a 10 a few years ago before the tories started closing a&e s , selling off services and treating junior doctors like they do . 
  but ... it 's reversible damage and it 's still fantastic and those things are n't really related to your question . 
  people do n't have to go without - our nhs has incredible buying power . 
  as for prescriptions , they are a set price ( # 8.20 ) which is very low compared to how much the drugs cost and the most vulnerable do n't have to pay anything for them . 
  those on long term medication need only pay # 100 per year . 
  i know a lot of people who have had excellent experience with the nhs . 
  myself included . 
  no complaints . 
  on a personal note , i believe healthcare is a right , not a privilege . 
  and it should be free , as education or the police force is . 
  i feel very strongly about this , and it 's one of the few issues i would literally fight for . 
  it 's the reason i give to [ msf ] ( http://www.msf.org.uk/ ) because i wish the whole world had what we have . 
  when i hear fear mongering about bad things universal healthcare will bring it makes me angry . 
  can you imagine them saying the same thing about making education free ??? 
  if you want to pay for `` better '' education you can , just like in the uk if you do n't want to use the nhs you can still get private healthcare . 
  but the people who need it get cared for , and the population is kept healthy which benefits everyone . 
  well , we do learn french ( or german or spanish ) from age 5 to 16 in most schools . 
  i personally forgot it since leaving because i never had chance to use it day to day . 
  you have to want to learn a language or it just wo n't happen . 
  there are no where near as many incentives for non-english languages . 
  for the record though there are loads of bilingual people in the uk , and think about how many people speak welsh and cornish etc !, 
  personally , i 'm not worried about immigrants . 
  i 'm worried about racism towards them though . 
  i was n't complaining about immigration , or saying no one ever goes to other countries , i was just asking why someone would risk their life to come here when they are currently living in a similar country . 
  it 's so sad that they have to do it in the first place :(, 
  nah , you ca n't live and work without documents . 
  ( unless you were to live and work illegally , but you could do that anywhere ),
