  `` note the graph showing twice as many asylum seekers in france as in the uk . '', 
  woah , i never said that none of them stay in france . 
  i 'm talking about the ones that do n't . 
  they risk their lives to get to the uk even though there are plenty of other places they can go that they do n't need to risk their life to get to . 
  it 's a pretty big deal to risk your life so there must be a pretty big reason behind it !, 
  as for your second point , ** if i had it my way there would be no `` migrants '' there would only be * people * and borders would exist only to protect natural flora and fauna . 
  ** so no , i do n't sympathize with nazis . 
  at all . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jul/29/calais-migrant-crisis-chaos-will-continue-until-weekend-at-least-police-warn http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/27/migrant-camp-fortress-calais-jungle http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33699141, 
  not necessarily ; in a world where only isis offers you protection , food , and healthcare what is stopping you from joining them ? 
  you can donate to charities such as msf who are helping people caught up in the fighting . 
  no money to donate ? 
  i enjoyed this post - thanks for putting in the effort !, 
  i do n't understand how cyprus could be resolved with a u.s. phone call though - care to elaborate ? 
  ( i know you were n't speaking literally btw ), 
  which countries do you plan on visiting ? 
  some advice given to you already would n't work in the uk . 
  i 'm not saying it * causes * it , i 'm saying it acts as a catalyst . 
  what i mean is it exacerbates the problem . 
  if people are desperate , they 're more likely to choose the wrong path . 
  we do n't truly know his motives . 
  and even if we did , attaching logic to a psychotic killer 's actions is n't always possible . 
  anyway , he was there to shoot tourists as far as we know . 
  scare people . 
  that 's how terrorism works - by spreading fear . 
  they can cripple tunisia by scaring away tourism which it needs . 
  this leads to poverty , which is a catalyst for people choosing extremism . 
  targeted for the economic effect rather than their ethnicity . 
  i do n't think the courageous tunisians were challenging the shooter to kill muslims , simply getting in the way of bullets to save lives . 
  i do n't think they had much time to think it through . 
  prioritise your time thusly : rome  venice  florence . 
  there is more to do and see in venice than in florence and there is more to do and see in rome than in venice . 
  the stereotype of a gypsie is not a nice one . 
  no one wants to be around someone who camps in an inconvenient place , steals and leaves a mess . 
  however , that 's just the stereotype . 
  for many groups , stereotypes are quite untrue . 
  i know i 've seen gypsies park in inconvenient places . 
  i know i 've heard stories about crime related to gypsies . 
  but who is gon na say `` oh , i saw some gypsies today following the law '' ? 
  you would n't !, 
  so you only hear about the bad stuff !, 
  you do n't see the ones who have set up camp somewhere appropriate because they 're not in your face . 
  the main problem ( in my opinion ) is not the gypsies themselves but the authorities who `` deal '' with them . 
  they took over a car park near where i live recently and were not charged for parking . 
  i would be charged for parking had i parked there . 
  the police were unable to intervene . 
  this is n't the fault of the roma but of the authorities . 
  gypsies exist . 
  we can not just brush them under the carpet and pretend they 're not there . 
  they are part of our society !, 
  the government/local authority need to ensure that our laws are adequate for such a diverse population . 
  it 's very rare though . 
  only a handful of countries do it . 
  i do n't think there are many countries where you have to vote . 
  i know , it 's great !, 
  :d i love immigration  i think our borders should be opened even wider - let those canucks and aussies in too !, 
  it 's silly how difficult it is for them to move here . 
  but i digress !, 
  good idea , but do migrants always move to their closest neighbours ? 
  the uk does n't - there are more of us in spain than ireland or france . 
  and even further away there are more of us in australia than in spain !, 
  maybe we 're unique in this - i do n't know , without the data from other european countries i ca n't say . 
  but it would be interesting to find out !, 
  but people rarely enter traditional songs . 
  a lot of the time the countries put forward a very typically `` eurovision '' sounding song rather than one that 's anything like what they have in their music charts or their traditional music . 
  yes they would . 
  i 'm outside london myself !, 
  oh you !, 
  yes but still having it now ( i.e. 
  we have not built over it/cut down all the trees/paved paradise and put up a parking lot ) is contemporary !, 
  because they asked for contemporary things !, 
  crumpets are old , 
  * we 've made a great contribution to music . 
  * in recent times we 've given a lot of aid both via our government and also directly from individuals . 
  * our free healthcare saves many lives !, 
  * for the most part , our poor do n't starve . 
  * we are one of the most progressive countries yet we have a well loved monarchy !, 
  ( not by everyone , but by plenty ! ), 
  in fact our queen has just helped to bring us one step closer to peace in n.i. !, 
  * as far as our laws are concerned you 're protected if you 're a minority and we strive for equal rights . 
  * we have top universities , athletes , hospitals , etc - we compete at the top in a huge variety of things is what i 'm saying . 
  * london . 
  * beautiful countryside http://www.telegraph.co.uk/incoming/article69510.ece/alternates/w620/scafell-pike.jpg * created the internet  * multiculturalism thrives -- * we can be a bit ignorant/misguided in the way that most people will believe what they read in the papers without question . 
  * this can sometimes lead to racism . 
  * we are involved in a lot of conflict due to poor actions in the past ( afghanistan , gaza , northern ireland , cyprus , most conflicts actually . 
  but we used to control a huge amount of the world so i guess it 's just a side effect ) * america is kinda our fault :p ( but so is canada so i hope it balances out ! ), 
  * we have the daily mail ( and other bigoted newspapers ) edit : we do n't know how to make bullet points on reddit, 
  your best bet might be scotland !, 
  it 'd be a shame to lose you though . 
  you should be asking people to move here not the other way around . 
  then we can outnumber the right wingers !, 
  if you are from a country that gives most of it 's votes for it 's neighbours ( you know who you are ! ), 
  why do you do this ? 
  what about being close to one another makes you want to vote for their song ? 
  why do n't you just vote for the song you like the best ? 
  ( i know not everyone does it - maybe you do n't do it yourself but you know someone who does . 
  why do they do it ? ), 
  also please no `` but it 's just coincidence '' answers because tcherright !, 
  or other european countries which are much easier to get into than the uk ( edit : just to be clear , i am not trying to say we have more migrants than france , nor am i complaining about immigration ), 
  i 'm going on a eurotrip next year and i 'll be honest i 'm happy to plan my trip around the best cinnamon rolls ( or similar cinnamon desserts like waffles ) edit : i mean a specific location not a whole country
