  however the basis for those thoughts remain a mystery . 
  they 're unfounded and one can not but laugh at such nonsense and consider you to be nothing but a clown . 
  same shit happened in eastern europe before they joined the union . 
  as far as i know , that has stopped ( as long as the gays are not that open and public about their homosexuality ) over there . 
  hopefully , the same thing will happen once ukraine joins the eu . 
  i 'm sorry , did my comment trigger you ? 
  are you in need of a safe space ? 
  i do n't think they 're scaring anyone though . 
  russia only hears france , the us and the uk in the west . 
  yup , that is why you exclusively post in threads relating to turkey , the kurds and the iranians . 
  either way , i do not care about your heritage or whether you 're trolling or not . 
  the downvotes speak for themselves , my point has been made . 
  more interconnections should be made within europe . 
  we still have fundamentally different energy policies , which is fine ( germany does n't get to decide whether we have nuclear energy or not ) but more cooperation is needed . 
   v4 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group, 
  good for them , and i wish them a happy newroz . 
  all i am saying is that this is n't a place for that . 
  as you 've said , europe is diverse . 
  ca n't have the entire world post their local traditional celebrations here or we 'll have a couple of post every other day . 
  only native celebrations are welcome !, 
  if you allow a million ` refugees ' into the country in a year , you 'll have a million more people in support of open border policies every year as well . 
  we 're a founding nation . 
  you do n't get to decide whether we stay or not . 
  the heart of the union is in france , strasbourg . 
  i was referring to gypsies and other romanian welfare shoppers . 
  also , your criminal gangs who terrorize people and businesses . 
  you 're free to expel french citizens , unlike you guys , we 're not crying about it . 
  post this in / r/iran or / r/kurds . 
  the event has no relation whatsoever with europe . 
  lol !, 
  you 're the reason the uk wants to leave !, 
  i 'd love for romania to leave the union . 
  in fact , i 'd love a union with carefully selected members . 
  western europe , v4 ( because they 're sensible on immigration ) and the baltics ( to bully russia ) . 
  nope , just saying that all of us have a serious problem . 
  wow , there . 
  calm down , dude . 
  you 're saying this literally days after the melbourne riots where africans trashed the entire city ? 
  i am sorry but i am having problems containing my laughter now . 
  does anyone know how switzerland manages to cope with them ? 
   did i hit a nerve since you start acting like a little child ? 
  if you ca n't take the heat , do n't get into the kitchen . 
   sure we have . 
  that 's because we stood our ground against all the muslim groups under the mohammed cartoon crisis . 
  that resulted in a big fat bullseye being painted on our backs . 
  or because you have , just as my country does , a horrible integration - and immigration system . 
  the notion that you 're trying to dispel here that somehow we do not stand our ground is ridiculous . 
  we fundamentally intervene in their lives by banning the burqa par example which shows far more bravery than an irrelevant cartoon . 
   how am i supposed to know ? 
  i see , you believe in something but have n't spend much time on thinking how the scenario is going to play itself out . 
  awesome !, 
   where are we supposed to deport people that are born in europe to ? 
  citizenship is all that counts . 
  if they 've dual citizenship , you can deport them . 
   you completely missed the wood for the trees here , deliberately i think . 
  i did n't miss anything , it is what you 've said . 
   but to address you , in my reply i clearly stated intelligence agencies - one agency is not solely responsible , mistakes were made at multiple points - but that also does not absolve the belgian agency specifically of all guilt . 
  in my opinion nothing can . 
  and you are certainly not the person that gets to make that decision . 
  to hold yourself out as such is disgusting . 
  your assumptions are what they are , the fact that you can not see how you literally are putting words into my mouth speaks for itself . 
  i 've always said that i 'd never waste my time on pseudo-intellectuals and i am going to hold word , au revoir . 
  congrats to austria then , seriously . 
   well . . first , like france . 
  where your police foils terror attacks all the time . 
  haha , says denmark . 
  your country is n't a fairy tale either despite your pathetic , failed attempts at keeping these people out of the country . 
  you still suffered from terrorist attacks more so than countries with more muslims proportionally like germany and belgium . 
   in the end i think its going to turn into a civil war . 
  but we 're talking many years from now . 
  how are the people going to arm themselves ? 
  not every migrant is a criminal out to overtake the country , how are the different groups going to divide themselves ? 
  are people willing to give up their entire welfare and everything they 've build up just to get these people out of the country ? 
  are there not far simpler solutions like deporting these people ? 
  are you seriously putting all blame towards the belgian intelligence agency ? 
  because if you are , you are an idiot and not worth my time . 
  i managed to trigger the dutch though , which is honestly a very easy thing to do . 
  yes , i think your leaders are the only people who look out of the window when they are in brussels . 
  the others , like merkel , probably never did . 
  otherwise , she 'd never invited so many over . 
  ugly , how ? 
  i do n't see much realism in civil war if that 's what you 're realist brain is telling you what 's about to happen . 
  can someone pinpoint to at least one wealthy western european country where these neighborhoods do not exist ? 
  i 'm excluding iceland , andorra and similar small countries . 
  france has many neighborhoods like these , as does spain , belgium , germany , italy , sweden , austria , the us , canada , australia and others . 
  nope , i was just about to offer alsace to you guys . 
  we 're only interested in belgium , nothing else . 
  you can have the german bits of belgium . 
  we love local dialects in france . 
  got ta get rid of the dutch though . 
  exactly . 
  the fact that the media and police were attacked by mob gangs does put some weight on her claims though . 
  we have to be careful though , it is a claim made by one woman . 
  we do n't even know who she is . 
  poland can not into france . 
  you see this , rosbif ? 
  people actually long to the fine days where they were ruled by the french . 
  ca n't say the same thing about former british colonies , those poor lads . 
  yup , there even was a woman from molenbeek who claimed that many people knew all along that he was in that house . 
  she as well claimed that they went outside every day of the week , passing the local police station wearing caps and hoodies .
