the minister of justice and the department of justice in belgium say that he was extradited to the netherlands , not belgium . 
  the information about him being a terrorist was as well shared with the dutch authorities , not the belgians . 
  the scum wanted to be deported to the netherlands because they release the returned syrian fighters immediately whilst in belgium , they 'll have to spend time in jail for a few weeks/months . 
  thank you for being one of the few making sense these days here . 
  he got deported to the netherlands , they released him . 
  he got deported to the netherlands , not belgium . 
  the netherlands released him . 
  go cry somewhere else !, 
  eh , do you live under a rock ? 
  it is the nickname of the area where the eu is hq 'd and its hundreds of office buildings . 
  exactly . 
  this hits very close to home for all eu politicians , brussels is their home city . 
  many of them and their employees take the brussels subway every day , the station where the bomb was ignited was just a few hundred meters away from the eu commission hq . 
  all of them , especially she , use the airport of brussels on a frequent basis . 
  i do n't understand how people can not understand her emotions about the horrific events today . 
  we know . 
  you 're always there for europeans when we 're hit , always and i love you guys for it !, 
  seriously , try to imagine what kind of people these tough guys are . 
  what else can they be than unemployed , socially awkward , mentally disturbed and friendless lowlifes ? 
  i had no idea that there 's a deadline towards our response . 
  what is it , the first interaction with the public that is what ought to be considered our response ? 
  so after her humanly reaction we 're done , case closed huh ? 
  are you aware that my country as well as belgium , denmark , the uk and the netherlands are bombing the fuck out of isis in iraq/syria ? 
  yup , politicians have no emotions . 
  they are n't human beings . 
  they should n't show emotions , ever . 
  it is how spineless europe operates now . 
  hell , i can not count how many public jihadi protests there were in france before the attacks in paris . 
  they literally screamed `` death to france '' and waived islamic flags , yet they were allowed to protest . 
  he 's just pissed because the pkk set up tents in brussels . 
  my guess is that belgians are happy to not welcome the turks listening to the complaints from the past few days/weeks after merkel 's , oh sorry , the eu 's deal with turkey . 
   belgium is n't bombing isis as far as i know . 
  what you know is inaccurate then . 
  belgium has more muslims from the middle east and northern africa than germany , the very profiles who commit these crimes . 
  germany has muslims from turkey and the balkan , which is fundemantally different . 
  belgium has those as well and they 're not committing these things . 
  guess which ones you 've allowed into germany the past year ? 
  you 're naivety is horrifying , you 've dark days ahead of you . 
  good luck !, 
   earlier to me ? 
  i ca n't remember you , so have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  ok . summary : copenhagen is a shithole and has suffered more from individual terrorist attacks than brussels has . 
   most of the attackers in the paris attacks came from belgium yes , they did but they were french citizens . 
  we brought them into europe , which the ps should be blamed for . 
   how much do you worry about getting hit by lightening ? 
  when it is storming outside ? 
  all the time !, 
  not so much when the sun is shining . 
  belgium was the sweden and germany of the 80s/90s and early 2000s . 
  they never allowed 2 million people into the country in a year though , interesting times ahead for germany and sweden i guess . 
  belgium , denmark , france , the netherlands and the uk are the only countries in europe directly fighting is in syria/iraq . 
  germany only has a loud mouth . 
  as said earlier to you , denmark is as well . 
  the only thing that has spared you is your location , no one cares about scandinavia . 
  belgium is right in the middle of germany , france and the uk + eu , nato , un and other organisations are hq 'd there . 
  hahahaha !, 
  ever looked at the welfare belgium pays to its unemployed and its poor ? 
  you 're not that far off from being in the middle class with an unemployment cheque in belgium . 
  also , many of them unfortunately have french citizenship , not belgian . 
  others who were caught were illegally staying in the country . 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
  belgium is more than brussels . 
  they 've only local police and federal police in the entire country , brussels is the only exception with a different system . 
  typical ignorant dutchie . 
  give it some years and germany will be so as well . 
  belgium was the sweden and germany of the 80s and 90s . 
  open border policies do not work . 
  the metro attack literally took place a few hundred meters away from the hq of the european commission and all eu/nato/un / ... personnel use the airport . 
   remember the anarchist revolution in the beginning of the 20th century ? 
  eh , not really ? 
  how old are you ? 
  this . 
  stay safe , turkey !, 
  australia is the only country in the western world that makes sense in terms of citizenship and immigration . 
   other users ' comments and downvotes agree reddit 's hivemind . 
  you 're idiots but not much can be done about it . 
  i dare you to tell the belgians how bourgeois is a belgian minister using your arguments , haha !, 
  i 'd love to see their faces !, 
  are you a moron ? 
  he said belgium is the largest source , i am saying that it is the largest supplier per capita . 
  not in whole numbers . 
  in the uk and spain perhaps , not in france or belgium . 
  zaventem is closer to amsterdam than maastricht is to amsterdam . 
  anyway , i do n't consider this to be an attack on foreign soil . 
  an attack on belgium is an attack on france . 
  citizenship should be a privilege one can lose if proven unloyal , hostile and dangerous . 
  there are various ways of doing this without becoming a dictatorship or whether dystopian society the idiotic leftis cry about . 
  per capita , it is not a fact . 
  it 's the first terror attack of this kind in belgium , you 're an idiot . 
  i always knew this sub was filled with idiots but that you people were this dumb ? 
  jesus christ you people are pathetic . 
  note how not a single flemish replied to these specific comments even though they did n't refrain from replying to my other comments , that is because they know i am right and you people are factually incorrect . 
  even his own article refers to him as flemish president and flemish minister ... eh , there is no point in communicating with a moron . 
  that 's just a pathetic attempt to have some form of relation with brussels by the flemish . 
  uhu , because i explicitly said that bruxelles is * not * part of the flemish community ( which does not exist as they merged into the flemish government ) government . 
  of course i am wrong if you 're seeing things that are n't there . 
  nationalism is fundamentally an irrational ideology whilst i am simply stating facts . 
  the integration of the youth in brussels is non of the flemish government 's business , it is not their area of operation . 
  he is simply crying because he wished those images would 've lead to more people voting for his xenophobic party . 
  it 's shameful but you have been indoctrinated by the flemish nationalists at that smallish , infamous pseudo university of yours .
