  let the politicians fight their fucking wars by themselves . 
  if they want to commit mass murder that badly , then not with my support . 
  i wonder why you think of the nato as `` guarantors of your safety '' ? 
  they have contributed to the cold war just as much as the eastern block did . 
  they also went to great lengths to ensure it almost went hot for multiple time . 
  i would n't say that those type have ensured my safety in any way more than their eastern counterparts . 
  and now they 're eager as ever to restart that madness of nuclear powers being at each others throats , ready to destroy the whole world over their bullshit . 
   most germans are pretty relaxed about using foreign words indeed , otherwise this `` problem '' of imported words would n't exist . 
  also this german language society is n't any kind of authority , but more some sort of fringe group of self pronounced language preservationists who will stir a media outrage every now and then for publicity . 
  i have n't met someone yet who cares about them except for having a good laugh . 
  language is evolving , what 's the big deal ? 
  german has been borrowing words from all sorts of languages over time whenever it was convenient . 
  this german language society are nutcases who want to make german a dead language . 
  i wonder why they 're only whining about the recent new acquisitions of words ( mainly english ones ) and not about the older countless ( often latin , some french ) borrowed words . 
  politicians accusing each other of being out of touch with reality . 
  that 's cute . 
  maybe because nobody actually wants to `` kick a little russian ass '' ? 
  i 'm somewhat happy the cold war is over and do n't need another one just because some cowboys at nato headquarters want to revive it . 
  if you want your mutually assured destruction , would you kindly choose a different battlefield . 
  preferably not in somebody else 's back yard . 
  there can be only one solution to all that spying bullshit : moar spying !, 
  thanks . 
  not . 
  with the gema it 's actually the other way round . 
  by default it 's assumed that the gema holds the rights on any music unless proven otherwise . 
  i refuse to believe this is any more than lots of hot air accompanied by hollow phrases unless they start making arrests and expelling so-called `` diplomats '' . 
  i 'm glad that they finally started imposing fines high enough to actually hurt the banks . 
  your mother was a hamster !, 
  a lot of people like the gentleman in the article who participated in nazi atrocities were never prosecuted , despite their participation and whereabouts were well known to the authorities . 
  quite a few of those cases finally got to court during the past few years . 
  a little bit late i 'd say . 
  also i wonder when all those who systematically neglected prosecution of people like that for decades will be brought to justice for obstruction . 
  i guess never , because that would mean the justice system going after itself . 
   there is a difference between blocking stuff and data retention . 
  of course there is a difference between censorship and invading privacy . 
  but the eu has been advocating both . 
  [ the eu commission 's censorship plans of 2010 did n't get much love , so they dropped them again ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/mar/29/blocking-child-abuse-websites-eu ), 
  til that there are social democrats in the spd . 
   i guess that 's because they have oil , right ? 
  more like because they use their oil money to buy german weapons . 
  the problem with this is that the eu as such is mostly an instrument of it 's member countries . 
  the most influential eu organization , the council , is made up entirely of ministers in the members ' governments . 
  the commission is frequently used as some sort of landfill to dump failed national politicians in . 
  the commission has already made a proposal for internet censorship a few years ago . 
  the directive on data retention comes from them . 
  basically all legislation that is so unpopular that it could n't be introduced by any eu member government without getting in trouble with their voters has been attempted to bring in through the eu backdoor . 
  germans do n't riot . 
  it 's verboten . 
  i do n't like people fighting over football , but i prefer it to fighting over the other three things . 
  when people fight over football , the worst case is that they smash up a city . 
  when people fight over nations , religion , power , the worst case is the whole world getting smashed up in horrible ways . 
  in germany the siren business is complicated . 
  the siren network owned and operated by the federal interior ministry was dismantled after the end of the cold war with the option for cities to buy their sirens if they wished to keep them . 
  where the cities kept their sirens , they 're tested regularly , but the intervals vary greatly . 
  in my county , the sirens are tested every half year , in the neighbour county they 're tested every saturday . 
  during cold war they 've been tested every half year , and all possible signals have been tested . 
  now they mostly test the fire alarm signal ( 3 long blasts over the course of a minute ) only . 
  the next step will be that she expresses her fullest confidence in the nsa . 
  three weeks later the nsa shuts down . 
  then there will be another peak when all the tvs come back on after the tea is ready ... 
  the secret is to put a couple apple slices in it to make it sweeter . 
  but do n't tell anyone . 
  but . . 
  but . . that 's verboten !, 
   and would not vote cdu even if you paid me to do so . 
  just wait until you 're old . 
  they 'll drive a bus with `` cdu '' written all over it in huge letters to your retirement home just to give you and your fellow old people a ride to the polling station so you can vote for them . 
  i 'd gladly give away merkel for free , but i 'd never trade her for cameron . 
  unfortunately many german voters do n't understand the election system and might indeed think that they are really voting for a chancellor , not for a party which appointed someone for chancellor . 
  ( to their defense , the chancellor candidate is the only election promise i 've not seen having been broken so far ), 
  she does n't publicly display any strong ideology , which makes her appear quite harmless . 
  but she 'll do just anything for the sake of economic growth . 
  the whole deregulation and privatization package . 
  basically she is his political foster child . 
  kohl had principles ? 
  til oh wait , indeed he had . 
  during the inquiry on illegal donations to the cdu , he refused to name the donators because he had given them his word not to . 
  they 're made up of the ewiggestrigen * who were even too ewiggestrig * for the cdu/csu . 
  - `` eternally yesterday '' - backwards beyond hope, 
  they turned into politicians surprisingly quickly . 
  it would n't surprise me if them becoming politicians contributed to their bad result ... 
  iits not 42 % of the `` german population '' , but rather 42 % of the about 72 % of the part of the german population that 's allowed to vote and actually did so . 
  so it 's only 30 % of the voters . 
  additionally , you do n't actually vote for the chancellor as a person , but for a party . 
  you do n't need to steal her . 
  there are more than enough people who would happily give her away . 
  but do you really want a 2nd thatcher ? 
  our politicians lie to us on a daily basis . 
  and our quality press has nothing better to do than raising a shitstorm over one of them getting photographed showing his middle finger . 
  i do n't want to live on this planet anymore . 
  speed limiters usually work by cutting the throttle when the speed limit is reached , so no violent , potentially dangerous deceleration like when slamming the brakes will occur . 
  you 'll slow down gradually and have enough time to safely pull over . 
  while i like the idea of limiting cars ' top speed by technical means , the proposed system is way too complex to work reliably . 
  a simple speed limiter that cuts the throttle when reaching a certain preset top speed , as it already is standard in trucks , would be a much more reliable ( and cheaper ) solution . 
  of course all this wo n't happen thanks to germany having objections because it 's politicians are stuck deep inside the rear ends of the car lobby . 
  by the way , the only parts of the overglorified autobahn where half way relaxed and stress free driving is possible are those with speed limits . 
  i 'd appreciate an universal speed limit of 120 to 130 km/h for that reason alone . 
  at very least they helped wanted criminals to go underground . 
  what did they expect them to do ? 
  live happily ever after with all that verfassungsschutz money and the fake ids ?
