  and pretending that items designed to be dangerous are safe , despite there is n't such a thing as absolute safety does n't make it better . 
  can you guarantee that even in the event of a plane that carries one of those nice package of solids inside of other solids crashing ? 
  i doubt that . 
  even the forces involved in a truck or car crash can split open pretty solid containers and shatter all sorts of metals . 
  ever seen a car 's gearbox split wide open , spilling all sorts of shattered gears on the road ? 
  and the participants in this crash were just two cars , not heavy trucks or fast planes . 
  so the crazy russians are an excuse for our governments to shit on their citizens ' rights by playing the crazy americans ' game ? 
  no thanks , i do n't want either of those batshit insane cold warriors . 
  it 's not only about them detonating , most nuclear warheads contain [ plutonium , which is one of the nastier toxic substances on this planet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plutonium#toxicity ) . 
  you do n't want this stuff spread out all over the place just because some imbecile thought it was a good idea to crash a vehicle with a nuke in it . 
  same here . 
  i 'd do it again . 
  the only thing i 've seen of the military was that ridiculous physical examination they used to invite all conscripts to . 
  have n't seen people wasting more time than those assholes at the kreiswehrersatzamt yet . 
  their whole purpose appeared to be wasting other people 's time . 
  and they seemed to thoroughly enjoy it . 
  government sponsored sadism . 
  i 'm glad they abolished that nonsense . 
   i think wwii beat most of the nationalism out of a lot of european nations . 
  if one good thing has come from the whole ordeal then that 's it . 
  nope . 
  instead of addressing the problem of the eu being unpopular due to being used by the national governments to push unpopular agendas through the back door via the council and the commission , he wants to increase the influence of completely unlegitimized bodies like the council , and wants to turn the parliament even more into a farce of national politics in european clothes by implicitly giving national parliamentarians seat in the ep . 
  thanks a lot . 
  maybe next time make up a story how secret trade agreements help legitimising the eu . 
  people like to feel superior . 
  nationalism makes it easy to feel superior . 
  no wonder it 's used by populist politicians to fish for cheap votes . 
  also there have always been those insane politicians who really believe that you are superior because of your nationality . 
  the idea of regarding a war as something `` glorious '' disgusts me . 
  in germany it 's regarded as a horrible , bloody mess that should never be repeated . 
  apparently it takes losing 2 world wars to finally realize there 's nothing glorious about organized mass murder ... 
  i agree . 
  stabilize and democratize the eu first ( it 's still a club of countries where the citizens have very little influence on what 's happening ) , equalize the living standards within , make sure the economy does n't collapse again ( might require putting banks on a tight leash ) , then talk about further expansion . 
   german political satire is not meant to be funny but unravels hidden truth . 
  indeed . 
  the better the satire , the less people laugh about it . 
  actually it can even be quite infuriating ... 
  with die partei constantly playing with references to former german dictatorships i would n't dismiss that as a pure coincidence ... 
  i will , but my criticism of the headline still stands . 
  what 's the point of all this personification of everything political ? 
  it seems just as there are no agendas anymore , just people , who , sometimes on very rare occasions will promise some sort of agenda just to do the opposite after being elected . 
  this renders the whole concept of representative democracy useless . 
  / r/noshitsherlock anyone ? 
  merkel was n't even on the candidate list . 
  ( even though the cdu made it look like that by spamming the whole place with huge posters of her ) how could she possibly win then ? 
  they gained popularity by advertising themselves as civil rights advocates in the middle of the controversy around data retention , this is what got them into the government the last time . 
  once elected , they reverted to their former self of being a clientele party for the rich , including blatant , but unfortunately legal , bribery . 
  ( they received a 6 figure donation from a hotel chain shortly after pushing through a law that reduced vat on overnight stays in hotels , of course a pure coincidence ), 
  they are politicians . 
  the best we can expect are veggie burgers . 
  unfortunately there is no meaningful way of boycotting the election . 
  it 's not like the ballot has the option to just vote `` no '' . 
  you can either abstain completely , which will give all those politicians you do n't want to win a higher percentage ( there are less voters , so the few who vote count more ) , or you can vote invalid , which wo n't give the parties you do n't want a better percentage , but you 're thrown into the same basket with people too incompetent to vote correctly . 
  there is no way to express your contempt with the whole political circus that gets counted and registered as such . 
  i never expected to see political parties and `` competent '' mentioned in a single sentence . 
  not sure whether to laugh or cry ... 
  you 're right . 
  i overlooked that somehow because the last two look very similar . 
  should have watched the complete video before posting . 
  there were four spots for the 2005 election though , but only three had product placement in them . 
  the one that 's missing from the compilation is the first , which is about re-erecting the berlin wall : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsy9opphbmu, 
  merkel never decides or does anything . 
  she always has her ministers do that for her , then she can easily sack them if a decision turns out to be unpopular so she does n't get the blame herself . 
   it 's a pretty old law and was passed in different times where it probably made sense to some extent . 
  [ i see what you did there ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfl6lu3xqw0 ), 
  there is a 4th spot which is missing in this compilation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdup_0fkoyq * edit : i was wrong , this spot is n't missing from the compilation *, 
  even funnier was that they made these spots right in the middle of a scandal about product placement and hidden advertising in german public tv ... * edit : grammar *, 
  the problem is the `` gema assumption '' in german copyright law . 
  unless you can positively prove otherwise , every song belongs to the gema . 
  that 's still better than someone getting paid for pushing unpopular agendas through the eu backdoor like the mainstream parties do it ... 
  basically because as soon as they got the slightest bit of power they started selling out their ideals and now they 're not much more than a new fdp . 
  politicians just do n't understand the internet . 
  it must be a part of their job description to be technologically impaired ... 
  do they have an office in every country ? 
  unless they do , they do n't need to give a rat 's arse about the laws in every country . 
  it 's a fucking internet service . 
  why the big deal about `` launching '' it in countries , how about they just stop that stupid ip geolocation based access blocking bullshit ? 
  it ca n't always be only the deutsche bahn doing idiotic things on rails ... 
  except they are made of wood . 
  do n't mention the 30 year war ... 
  only 6 figure donations to political parties and high salary consultant jobs for ex politicians . 
   every single political party is currently being investigated for corruption at least they are being investigated , which is something i unfortunately ca n't say about my politicians . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  brb checking the date , i was pretty sure we were in the 21st century and it was n't april fool 's day . 
  * edit : yep , i 've just confirmed the date is the 30th of april 2014 and the article is only a day old . 
  digital identity theft can be done on a much larger scale , because it can be automated . 
  microwaving it supposedly works , but might also set the card on fire if done too long . 
  fortunately i do n't have a passport . 
  and i got my id card renewed literally a week before they switched to that rfid chip nonsense . 
  the part that needs activation is only the signature functionality . 
  the rfid chip which contains information on your identity is always active . 
  only if it does n't get an rfid chip that can be read out from a distance without my knowledge , as that ridiculous german electronic id has . 
  merkel has different motives for that . 
  if a conservative german politician opposes turkey becoming a member of the eu , it 's mostly to appease their xenophobic right wing clientele . 
  they do n't give a rats arse about human rights in any country as long as it buys german goods . 
  nope , interns , trainees and people employed for the first half year after long term unemployment wo n't get this splendid `` universal '' minimum wage . 
  i guess soon the employment office will boast great success rates at getting long term unemployed peole a new job . 
  with a half year contract . 
  also i guess there will be lots of trainees jobs on the market , and , of course , internships . 
  i would n't go to it at all .
