  using the military as a source of equipment and manpower in case of a disaster has for a long time been the only exception from the rule never to use military for anything but defense , but it 's still seen as the first step down a slippery slope by some . 
  that 's mostly the reason for the politicians sending military to help with that flood got some shit . 
  * edit : i accidentally a few words *, 
  more damage as in worse wounds ? 
  might be an issue , but what i was thinking of is that they wo n't that easily pass through whatever they hit just to hit someone or something behind . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong about that . 
  i am feeling left out . 
  nobody confuses germany with anything else . 
  except with itself some 70 years ago . 
  or bavaria . 
  what ? 
  that was science fiction ? 
  martians did n't invade earth ? 
  til, 
  good point . 
  after i heard of the bombing , i actually was afraid the us government would soon issue a statement that either north korea or iran was to blame for the bombing . 
  fortunately they 've proven me wrong so far . 
  maybe obama 's nobel peace prize is worth anything after all . 
   it 's not that we 're celebrating simply for catching two ` criminals ' . 
  the reason for the intense feeling of patriotism and pride is because of what these criminals did . 
  this was no ordinary act of murder , it was an act of terror on american soil . 
  without the rest of your comment , this can easily be misread like you 're proud of the horrible crimes that happen in your country . 
   if you choose to terrorize this country , we will stand as one , we will use every resource we have to hunt you down , and we will find you , even if it means shutting down a city for a day . 
   [ ... ]  we find them fast using everything we have this is what should worry you , instead of making you proud , especially given the amount of rights you already lost under the pretense of catching terrorists . 
  also shock and awe usually does n't work against anyone determined enough to commit murder . 
  i do n't see why the specific color or pattern matters . 
  who cares ? 
  in case someone does n't see the `` police '' sign on the back , it would be beneficial being able to identify them as police , not military . 
  the american ones all had `` police '' on them in multiple locations , frequently on the back in big letters just like you 're talking about . 
  i might have missed those labels on some images , possibly due to perspective . 
  also black on camouflage pattern is n't as easily readable as white on black . 
   i really do n't see how going from assault rifle to machine pistol is a big improvement . 
  the bullet has a lower energy and therefore a lower potential to do unintended damage . 
   gsg9 ( the only german police swat unit that actually has its weapons listed publicly , that i could find anyway ) does use assault rifles , the g36 specifically . 
  the gsg9 is a special case ( they 're a federal unit , specifically intended for high risk counter-terrorism/hostage operations ) , the regular seks are a part of the state 's police force and use the weapons the police of that state uses . 
   i just google image searched `` german swat '' a lot of the results are n't german , at least what google gives me in my filter bubble . 
   i also tried `` polizei sek '' and got roughly the same result my filter bubble might be a little different than yours , i got a few assault rifles , too , but the most common `` heavy '' ( heavier than a pistol ) weapon appears to be the mp5 . 
  ( which looks like a small assault rifle ) this fits with the images in the media when they report on a police operation involving an sek . 
  they rarely use anything heavier than the machine pistol . 
  possibly most seks have bigger guns , but they do n't regularly use them , especially not in an urban setting . 
  ( at least not where they 're seen with them ) * edit : was too quick on the save button , forgot something *, 
  interesting read , thanks . 
  i still think it does n't make much difference when it comes to using them as police . 
  they 're still a military force , trained as military to think in terms of ally and enemy . 
  being a reserve force with it 's members leading a normal , civilian life most of the time might be the biggest ( and most beneficial ) difference to regular military . 
   germany is smaller and not considered to be a leader in military or security matters by the general populace . 
  it used to be once or twice , but nobody really liked it , not even the germans , at least after that attitude backfired . 
  yes , black ninja outfit , not military camouflage . 
  also they have police written on them ( or `` polizei '' in case they 're german ) large enough so you can read it from a distance . 
  plus the german swat teams normally do n't have assault rifles , but just machine pistols . 
  yes , but they were n't armed , and they were acting as support to the emergency services . 
  i should have made clear that when saying `` military '' , i meant armed military . 
  * edit : typo *, 
  if your police looks just like military , you should n't get offended when they 're falsely identified as such . 
  [ especially if you 're going to defend using the military for policing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cr56l/fellow_europeans_anyone_else_think_this_general/c9j88m8 ) instead of pointing out the mistaken identification , as you later did . 
  that says merkel after her government falsified their own poverty report to make it look nicer . 
   we had our civilian law enforcement agencies deal with it , with some ( it seems relatively minor ) support from state-level military personnel . 
  it 's really unfortunate that some of these civilian law enforcement agencies look exactly like military . 
  i find it scary not to be able to distinguish police from military , even and especially swat teams . 
   but , it 's probably also that german media is to some extent a bit reluctant to report on it . 
  german media have strong ties to the established political parties . 
  that might add a bit to their reluctance to report on any possible competition . 
  i think that 's a global trend . 
  reality gradually is becoming more bizarre than even the most far-fetched satire . 
   there were national guards involved , but those are not federal troops , but rather under the control of the commonwealth of massachusetts . 
  military is military , no matter under which control . 
   and * you * were responsible for dealing with it , you fucked it up and more people died as a result . 
  i was responsible , fucked it up and more people died because of that ? 
  i did n't know that i could do that without even being alive yet back then . 
  speaking of over-identification with a country . 
  police that looks just like military ? 
  scary enough . 
  i like my police recognizable as police . 
  even the swat teams . 
  i think cheering too much for countries has brought too much trouble and destruction to europe in the past centuries , so most people prefer cheering for football teams nowadays . 
  where do i get those ? 
  do want !, 
   as for the military presence being upsetting : the terrorist attack was more upsetting , i promise you . 
  still not a reason to me to put armed military on the streets . 
  they 're neither trained nor equipped for policing . 
   also , need i remind you how badly the germans fucked up their response to the last time an international sporting event was attacked in their country , precisely because they lacked the appropriate military/security apparatus to respond to terrorism ? 
  do i sense hurt nationalist feelings here ? 
  anyway , had you read the article you linked , you would have noticed that it was a different situation . 
  the terrorists had taken hostages and not simply bombed something . 
  despite german police at this time did n't have any unit trained and equipped for forcefully resolving hostage situations , regular police tried to do it and failed . 
  afterwards , a specialized police unit for such purposes was founded ( gsg9 ) military is the inappropriate tool to respond to terrorism . 
  military is for waging war . 
  terrorism is a crime . 
  that 's what we 've got police for . 
  the last time germany has used military for law enforcement , it was n't too pleasant for a part of the german population and the rest of the world . 
  since then , the military has had no business whatsoever messing with internal affairs in germany . 
  unfortunately the terror craze politicians got into after 9/11 has weakened this principle . 
   it 's worth pointing out that boston is a college town with hundreds of thousands of university students , all of whom were forced to stay indoors how can you simply force thousands of people to stay indoors ? 
  that 's creepy . 
  also i found the images of military presence on the streets very upsetting . 
  finally someone who remembers to think of the children \u2122 !, 
  not too much experience with games , but i 'd join in . 
  you see , nobody remembers stoiber anymore . 
  he used to be prime minister of bavaria and wanted to run for german chancellor , after a he had breakfast with merkel , she ran for office instead . 
  cameron needs to watch out !,
