  most likely the new public 's sweetheart is already corrupted . 
  it 's rather easy to systematically lobby and corrupt a long standing organization like a political party with very little change in it 's membership structure and hierarchies . 
  i think the very institutionalized political system with career politicians and political parties is one of the main causes of corruption . 
  no matter what you vote , parties and career politicians win . 
  revolution ? 
  in germany ? 
  sch\u00e4uble go home , you are drunk . 
  before using drones , they should learn to run trains . 
  in relation with [ the numbers in other european countries ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1e4m50/german_home_burgled_every_four_minutes/c9wvheh ) it would n't provide such a nice platform for fearmongers to promote their fantasies of a police state ... 
  i do n't understand how having internet and smartphones makes the situation of a few idiots going around and murdering people any different . 
  the different generation might be an issue . 
  i think people have gotten a bit hysterical . 
   i do n't get what your agenda is in shitting on american uniforms i am not shitting on any uniforms ( just imagine having to clean them afterwards ) , my point is that it 's dangerous to have a police that looks exactly like military . 
  i would `` shit '' on any police uniform that looks exactly like a military uniform for that reason . 
  also i 'd like to know what 's the difference between a `` terrorist '' situation and any other situation involving a runaway armed , violent criminal . 
   i have no idea what german police look like in a terrorist situation in such a situation , police here look like police . 
  some of them may carry heavier weapons than their regular pistol , but otherwise , they wo n't change uniform just because it 's a `` terrorist '' situation . 
  swat teams look like swat teams , which also means they look like police , not like military . 
  i ca n't quite make the connection from improved response times of hospitals to mass casualty events to militarized police of course , having a swat team on standby in the general area where the suspect is assumed to be is a good idea , but have swat teams do house to house searches pointing assault rifles at citizens opening their door to them ? 
  there was a lot of terrorism going on in the 1970s . 
  many people who witnessed this time i 've spoken to found the heightened police presence after an attack a nuisance . 
  and laws from that time are still seen as controversial . 
  having highly militarized police that ca n't even be distinguished from military anymore take over a whole city is just outrageous and has not much to do with the government protecting the people . 
  what i do n't get is reading  people used common sense in the context of  public transportation was shut down and universities shut down i do n't see that much common sense in shutting down an entire city because of a single person , while i get it that it 's rather pointless to go anywhere in a large city with public transportation shut down . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  just stay away from leberwurst ^ ( liver sausage ) . 
  rumor has it that it 's only made on saturday afternoons , because that 's when butchers clean their shop for the weekend . 
  only where the necessary infrastructure actually exists . 
  it 's not really a problem . 
  it 's just the upcoming elections and conservative politicians trying to fish for voters among the prudes and bigots ... 
  no wonder the article quotes a csu politician ... 
  i 'd support that idea , because it 's the greatest common denominator when it comes to languages in the eu , and also for it 's entertainment value of [ getting to listen to german politicians trying to speak `` english '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9chydy2quk ) more often . 
  that 's a totally different type of cap . 
  you go over the inclusive traffic , and pay per extra gigabyte . 
  the caps to be introduced by the telekom will throttle your bandwidth to 384 kbps for the rest of the month ( effectively breaking your internet connection ) once you reach the limit with no option to buy more traffic . 
  that propaganda only looks good if you 're not living in germany , use computers and the internet for a living or otherwise on a regular basis and have to deal with shitty internet connections for outrageous prices all over the place . 
  meanwhile senile politicians and the media constantly blather about germany being a `` place of technology '' while displaying general failure to understand , if not outright hate towards computers and internet . 
  they have a defacto monopoly on the `` last mile '' , because they are the privatized telecommunications branch of the formerly public postal service and inherited the whole phone network . 
  they have been lobbying for the ability to deny competitors access to their infrastructure for some time already , which would basically grant them an almost complete monopoly again . 
  which technological superiority ? 
  it 's mostly marketing bullshit . 
  it 's astonishing how many people still buy it . 
  apparently a mock funeral of thatcher in what appears to be one of the towns she fucked over . 
  the * two * guys managed to scare and intimidate * the entire city of boston * into shutting down for a whole day . 
  i do n't quite get how that is a failure to intimidate and scare . 
   the signal shows up whether people want it to be or not that 's why for the general population , it 's not illegal to `` accidentally '' hear the transmissions , as i pointed out in [ my other post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cr56l/fellow_europeans_anyone_else_think_this_general/c9jod2t ) . 
  you just may not use the things you heard for your personal purposes ( like for example insurance lawyers showing up on the scene of an accident ) or relay it to anyone else . 
  for people authorized to use the system , it 's against regulations to participate in the radio traffic traffic without checking in with the authority in charge of the channel they 're using ( for example county dispatch ) , which is impossible using a scanner , because it does n't have the ability to send . 
  ( listening counts as participating in the radio traffic ) personal radios and callsigns are only issued to people who need them because of their position . 
  most radios and callsigns are bound to a vehicle . 
  that 's why using a scanner for german volunteer emergency responders is technically illegal . 
  but it 's not like someone is going around checking if you do n't use one anyway . 
  the regulations date back to the cold war when everything concerning official radio networks was considered super secret , so they might be a bit over the top , but as we use to say , it 's no eaten as hot as it 's cooked . 
  normally , as long as you do n't mess with the system ( like by unauthorized transmissions ) you 're fine . 
  yes , in germany most firefighters ( about 95 % ) are volunteers . 
  ( i am one of them myself ) a full time paid fire department is only mandatory for cities of more than 100000 inhabitants . 
  almost every small village has it 's own volunteer fire brigade . 
  there are also a lot of volunteers in other emergency services , although the main load of everyday medical emergencies is worked by paid ambulance crews due to the much higher frequency of such emergencies . 
  the volunteers do n't constantly monitor the radio channel with scanners , because this would be illegal , and because alerting is usually done via pager . 
  you 'll also still find a couple of fire sirens , which are typically triggered via radio like a pager . 
  thanks a lot , here , have a [ case of sausages ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tjcawfp.jpg ) . 
  ( not sure if freedom , horse , or pork , but guaranteed not to be cheese ), 
   the war against drug continues on . 
  how everything is made into a `` war '' is a thing that really worries me a lot . 
  this kind of rhetoric reduces law enforcement to a simplistic matter of ally and enemy . 
  motives , circumstances and everything else that leads to someone committing a crime becomes unimportant at the very moment a suspect is turned into an enemy . 
  this approach does n't only violate people 's rights , it also does n't do anything to prevent further crimes , because the reasons for the crimes being committed become unimportant . 
  the tantrum politicians are throwing around banning the npd is mostly a show to pretend they 're addressing the neo-nazi problem . 
  while they constantly talk about banning the npd and already have attempted it once , they 're basically funding much of the npd 's and other right wing groups ' activities by hiring a lot their members as confidential informants . 
  ( the first attempt to ban the npd failed in court because it was impossible to tell how much of the evidence against them was genuine and not produced by the informants themselves ) also right wing extremist involvement in crime is downplayed on a regular basis , with the most prominent cause being three neo-nazis going around and murdering immigrant business owners for 10 years until they got caught . 
  the series of fuck-ups in the investigation of this case is ridiculous . 
  * at least one of their murders happened right under the eyes of an undercover observer ( he `` accidentally '' `` happened to have just stepped outside for a moment '' while they shot the owner of the internet cafe where he was sitting in ) . 
  * the series of murders was n't even recognized as connected for years despite all the victims being small business owners of either turkish or greek origin . 
  * political motives were dismissed in very early stages of investigations in favor of some fictional turkish mafia . 
  ( in one city , the police even opened an undercover d\u00f6ner shop in order to catch the `` turkish mafia '' ) * when the three neo-nazis shot a police officer , the police were hunting a `` phantom '' based on dna `` evidence '' resulting from contaminated swabs . 
  it took months to realize that the dna was from a worker in the factory that made the swabs . 
  * they were actually being under observation before they went underground and had been supplied with fake ids by their observers . 
  that 's only the few facts i remember without having to look them up . 
  * edit : it actually was a whole pack of swabs that was contaminated with the dna of a worker at the manufacturer , which lead to the hunt for a `` phantom '' who was supposed to be responsible for all sorts of unrelated crimes , because the same dna showed up everywhere where swabs from that pack were used . 
  if you ca n't listen to tetra based radio traffic , this might not be due to it 's encryption , it might just as well be because it simply does n't work . 
  source : i 'm a volunteer firefighter and the conversion to tetra based radio has been a never ending ( not sure if horror or comedy ) story for at least 5 years by now . 
  it 's still not working properly . 
  in germany , publishing any bos ( police and emergency services ) radio traffic would be illegal . 
  while `` accidentally '' listening to it is allowed to unauthorized people , it 's illegal to utilize or relay any of the information obtained this way . 
  you do n't even need to go that far . 
  there was this huge fertilizer explosion in texas which killed a lot of people just two days after the boston bombing . 
  it was n't a deliberate act of terrorism , but the amount of negligence that lead to the high death toll is immense . 
  ( there was a residential area , a nursing home and two schools right next to the facility that blew up ) yet nobody is going around waving flags and demanding justice for that . 
  and i guess nobody will have a huge party , should someone be arrested for it . 
  it 's outright schizophrenic . 
  the problem is that , not knowing any better , they might not be able to distinguish beer from water , so they might as well go in the direction of the cheapest water instead . 
  it 's a 50/50 chance . 
  well said . 
  especially in the context of nationalism it 's hardly possible to not mention the nazis , because they 're a pretty good example what happens when nationalism goes into overdrive . 
  it 's mostly a legal thing . 
  in germany there are a lot of restrictions against using military for anything except defense . 
  those restrictions are part of a lot of legal safeguards intended to prevent something like the nazis from ever happening again . 
  people got used to not seeing military being used for anything civilian , and many people are n't exactly great fans of the military ( compulsory military service that was only abolished a few years ago played a part in that ) . 
  military is mostly just seen as unfit for doing anything civilian . 
  we germans even have a word for that : `` zivilversager '' which is an insult describing someone who is serving in the military for a long time just because of failing at leading a civilian life .
