the gema for sure is one of the more notable examples of technologically impaired people in influential positions in germany , but unfortunately not the only one . 
  i 'm afraid some of the valued german political tradition of making laws about things you do n't have a clue about will swap over into the eu through the proposed commissioner for digital economy and society , a certain mr. oettinger . 
  generally it 's some sort of a sad running gag in germany that politicians will make all sorts of laws about ( mostly against rather than about ) computers and the internet without having a clue what they 're even talking about , and the only `` consultants '' they will actually listen to are copyright or press publishers ' lobbyists who either are just as clueless , or have an agenda of protecting their ancient business models from the evil that comes from the internet . 
  and of course police officers and spies who are either terrifyingly competent , but just hungry for more access to citizens ' private data or just as clueless as the politicians and totally hysterical about anything `` cyber '' . 
  not only in your country , if that makes you feel any better ... 
   the mad doctrine has worked so far [ we were really lucky in 1983 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1983_soviet_nuclear_false_alarm_incident ) likely all that saved us was the right guy in the right place at the right time . 
  i do n't want to trust on lucky coincidences with something like global destruction . 
  a good point . 
  taking part in this mutually assured destruction pissing contest will riddle your whole countryside with targets for non-nato nukes . 
  i live within cosy viewing distance of several of such possible targets . 
  and the nato currently playing strong man and apparently trying to bring back the cold war does n't make me feel safe at all . 
  at least for me it will be over in a matter of seconds should those geniuses finally manage to kick off ww3 . 
  that mad bullshit already almost blew up right in our faces a couple times . 
  last time it almost happened was in the mid 1980s . 
  the only way to protect anyone from nuclear weapons is to get rid of them altogether . 
  the greens are increasingly becoming a replacement for the fdp , filling in wherever one of the major parties needs a small coalition partner . 
  their ideals they once had go overboard as soon as a coalition contract is signed . 
  that practise coincidentally also started under the schr\u00f6der government where the greens were the spd 's coalition partner . 
  basically everyone claims to be in the center because being in the center appears to be the way to go these days . 
  this is reinforced by the media which basically put everyone who openly claims not to be in the center into the corner of extremist fringe parties . 
  from my personal perception german politics have degraded to a point where the differences between the major parties have become irrelevant , they 'll simply follow the polls in what they say and cater to their big donors in what they do . 
  the linke are n't that far left either , they basically reside in the political spectrum where the spd used to be until the meaning of the 's ' in their name was sold out by schr\u00f6der . 
  exactly my reaction to this . 
  it does n't even feel like news to me , since i strongly suspected our dear leaders being accomplices of all those spies before . 
  unfortunately it will again have zero consequences . 
  what has been imagined ca n't be unimagined . 
  thanks a lot . 
  there was another similar event when a slightly smaller donation ( around $ 800,000 if i remember right ) from bmw to the cdu somehow coincided with germany blocking an eu move for stricter emission limits for cars . 
  please , do n't insult the muppets ... 
  i think i [ found him ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fq2yq/should_german_bundesl%c3%a4nder_join_the_eu/ckbtx5w ) ... 
  you 're welcome , i would n't care too much about the bavarians pulling off their own kingdom . 
  ( is n't that what they 've been trying all along anyway ? ), 
  still there are things like the business with that tax break for hotels and the $ 1,000,000 donation to the fdp , just to bring a particularly nasty example of influential donations ... 
  yes , i think the states already have too much influence . 
  they used to have less , but then , there was the `` f\u00f6deralismusreform '' ( federalism reform ) where they secured themselves more legislative power and a larger piece of the tax cake ( mostly at the expense of the cities ) . 
  i think the states should n't have any more national legislative power then the other lower levels of government . 
  an institution like the bundesrat , where representatives of the states who are sent by the state governments and not elected by the population is undemocratic and only serves the interests of state politicians who want to increase their influence . 
  i do n't necessarily want to eliminate the state level of government , because there are things that are best regulated regionally , but i want to curb their influence , especially on national level . 
  i do n't think a centralised government that has to micromanage regional affairs is particularly efficient . 
  to be honest i do n't care the least where the national government is seated , but after they already moved almost all of the government to berlin at great expenses ( for that alone i would have preferred that they stayed at bonn in the first place ) , i do n't mind them staying there , just to avoid another costly and unnecessary move . 
  what 's especially horrible about this development in germany is that the bundesl\u00e4nder have accumulated more and more legislative powers and an ever increasing share of the tax income while the cities and counties which are stuck with most of the day to day expenses receive less and less funding . 
  this has left most cities in a lot of debts . 
  also the corruption and nepotism is rampant throughout all levels of government . 
  it starts at the lowest level with petty nepotism , like at my city hall , where , of course by pure coincidence , the construction office is run by the wife of the owner of a local carpentry business and ends at federal level with political parties taking 6 figure donations in return for writing laws that benefit their donors in special ways . 
  and , of course , retired politicians ending up in the board of directors of major corporations . 
  i 'd rather dissolve the bundesl\u00e4nder or at least cut back their powers . 
  german federalism , or what has become of it , is an absolute clusterfuck where a bunch of provincial politicians can live a dream of grandeur by reinventing the same square wheel 16 times over . 
  with the gas prices in the us , maybe ... 
  stealing might have been the wrong term , since you usually return them . 
  for a , let 's call it , ~ ~ ransom ~ ~ finders ' reward that has to be paid in beer . 
  it 's not only between states , basically every town hates their immediate neighbour town . 
  especially in rural villages this might be annually celebrated by trying to steal eachother 's maypole or similar . 
  when it comes to preparation , you can always get some booze and a rope . 
  when the day comes , get drunk , watch the fireworks and then use the rope to hang yourself so you do n't have to slowly die from radiation poisoning ... 
  but they stayed where they were . 
  despite everyone west of the iron curtain had been told they 'd be coming tomorrow every day . 
  have n't they been coming for the most part of the last 60 years ? 
  those russians must be very slow , because they still have n't arrived ... 
  but replacing one circlejerk with another does n't really make it better . 
  i 'm pretty sure those nato people are feeding you the very same `` russia is going to invade you every second now '' bullshit they have been feeding western and central europe during the cold war . 
  just as the warsaw pact has been feeding eastern europe `` the nato is going to invade every second now '' bullshit . 
  actually nobody ever invades anybody , but in order to `` defend '' against these fantasy invasions , lots of good money is thrown out of the window to buy tons of military crap that 's good for nothing except its manufacturers ' bank accounts . 
  the nato should have been abolished long before that . 
  all they did most of the time was provoke further escalation and riddle whole central europe with targets for russian missiles . 
  you mentioned bases and weapons storages , but from all i know , a simple radio communications mast used by the right people can be enough to warrant a nuke . 
  ( i happen to live within viewing distance of one ) in 1983 , a large scale nato military exercise which could easily be interpreted as a disguise for an attack during a period of already heightened tensions with the ussr brought the world as close to a nuclear war as it had n't been since the cuban missile crisis . 
  after the collapse of the soviet union , the nato even expanded into the east , despite there had been assurances not to do so . 
  as a military organisation , it 's only natural for the nato to escalate tensions , because they rely on a continued threat of war for continued funding , so of course they are eager to maintain such a situation . 
  i find it absurd that while on one hand , we have institutions like the european union , designed to prevent another large inter-european war by mutual economical dependence and , on the other hand , allow an organisation like the nato that relies on confrontation and and a never ending spiral of threat and counter threat to exist . 
  ( especially since at latest after ww1 we should know what arms races occasionally lead to ), 
  too bad this likely will put most germans into `` serves them right '' mode instead of questioning the role of the bnd in this whole spying ordeal ( they 've closely collaborated with the nsa for example ) . 
  in my personal opinion , the sheer existance of the bnd is a huge disgrace , if you take the effort to look into its history , you 'll find some pretty interesting stuff right in its very beginning . 
  ( spoiler alert : godwin 's law will be invoked when discussing the bnd 's history ) unfortunately though , the media outrage has shifted from governments collaborating in wholesale spying operations on ordinary people to governments spying on other governments . 
  people wo n't question the existence of spying agencies , they 'll even agree with increasing their powers for `` counter espionage '' because they 're naive enough to believe that `` our spies are the good guys and we need them to fight back '' bullshit government officials are feeding them . 
  on a side note , i do n't care the very least about politicians ( neither clinton nor merkel ) being spied on , unless they start to honestly care ( unlike the aforementioned ) about their citizens ( they coincidentally swore to protect ) being spied on , i think it serves them all right to get a taste of their own medicine . 
  / r/noshitsherlock is over there ... 
  the truth often makes people mad ... 
   and the german system is working quite well . 
  it 's a massive clusterfuck that 's messing itself up more and more every day . 
  the states have far too much influence already and thanks to the high ambitions of state politicians this influence is ever increasing . 
  this situation for example has led to many cities being in huge debts because of a massive redistribution of funds from city level ( the weakest level of government with no effective way to defend themselves against this ) to state level without also redistributing expensive responsibilities . 
  then there 's the massive clusterfuck of 16 different legal frameworks for anything that 's not explicitly regulated on federal level , it 's a huge mess . 
  i 'm pretty sure some psychiatric hospitals have patients like that guy . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  i guess the best we can hope for is that they 'll instate just another untersuchungsausschuss and declare the affair over after a few weeks of shallow `` investigation '' until the media find another pig to drive through the village . 
    are they mocked and denigrated by the eu elites ? 
   not that i know of . 
  the eu commission , to be more exact , commissioner oettinger has been [ mocking the english language pretty badly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9chydy2quk ) . 
  but i think that has n't been intentional mockery . 
  they got worse over time . 
  one of the problems is how german public tv is governed . 
  basically there is a council with people from all major political parties , the two major churches and maybe one or another odd trade union and they decide the general direction into which german public tv goes . 
  with politicians directly in the governing board , of course there is political influence , they pretend to be neutral , but especially with the differences be tween the major political parties ever diminishing , they hardly are . 
  also the churches have a lot of influence , basically they always get a say on social or `` ethical '' topics . 
  thanks for digging that up , was going to bring that up , too . 
  basically all nuclear weapons have done so far was create additional reasons for starting a 3rd world war and almost succeeded at doing so several times . 
  at least they kind of guarantee that there wo n't be a 4th one any time soon . 
  also they provided humanity with a whole lot of people trained and willing to wipe out all humanity at once if they 're ordered to do so . 
  just that all those nuclear weapons serve no other purpose than endangering people 's lives . 
  nobody needs them , except a hand full of lunatics who apparently get off on how often they can kill the whole world population .
