  just because it did n't work 40 ? 
  years ago does n't mean it ca n't be tried again . 
  the uk , some former colonies like austraila and canada , non eu norway and switzerland joining and just a few other bigger economy 's with contentious elections like the netherlands or france switching sides would create a union plenty well big enough to compete with the eu at ~ 6-8trillion . 
  while still being economically smaller , a british economic union should be able to negotiate equal trade terms way better than going it alone . 
  i like underdogs and it seems the eu is acting like a bully to intimidate any other countries from leaving . 
  the # 2 eu ( ~ $ 2.5 trillion ) economy that 's equal to the bottom ~ 10 or so eu country 's combined seems like a big hit . 
  not to mention what happens if the british either creates its own economic union and pilfers or just their example encourages others to leave . 
  seems like trump thinks the us can do better with its trade deals and that `` you need us more than we need you '' is the leverage . 
  - has supreme court is 4-4 . 
  obama controlled both houses in 2009-2010 . 
  until trump actually has a conservative 5-4 scotus , obama 's power was about equal at this point in their presidency . 
  sixteen . 
  you 'll see ... 
  the netherlands ? 
  you mean mud-germans . 
  when i go hi , they go low . 
  two wolfs and one sheep voting on what to have for dinner . 
  that high number is suspicious . 
  with 58 % of the population russian and ukraine shitting the bed , the join russia vote was still not unexpected . 
  - the `` liberal '' international order missed a word in the title there op . 
  agreed . 
  trumps jawboning has probably set in motion a significant increase in defensive spending in certain nato countrys . 
  someone in western europe will need to take the lead by covering the cost of an alternative command and control over european union forces . 
  the us does this now with nato but it 's not very expensive at less than 2 billion a year . 
  however the technological tools the us uses to always take on that c&c would need to be replicated and that initial replication would be much more expensive to start . 
  fresh cyber and election attacks in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  russia never expected the counter sanctions to change the wests behavior . 
  sanctioning western food greatly helped keep russian foreign reserves stable , in turn keeping the russian banking system and ruble stable , letting their economy recover from the $ 30per barrel oil prices without a complete collapse . 
  it cost the individual russian higher prices but allowed the russian state to weather the storm while also pointing fingers elsewhere . 
  - what do you think the hacking was for ? 
  hillary interfering in the 2011-12 russian elections against putin . 
  whomever the gop nominee was , they were going to benifit . 
  it was both putin 's warning and putin 's revenge . 
  - she set the tone for some opposition activists , gave them a signal , they heard this signal and started active work , '' putin said of clinton in 2011 . 
  `` we need to safeguard ourselves from this interference in our internal affairs . '', 
  most effective finger in the eye would be the reopening of a military base in cuba . 
  any way to force russia to pay the fine ? 
  they seem to do a good job of ignoring them . 
  still better than all those mudgermans in holland ... 
  no , that would be mexico ... 
  let me add this : / s, 
  so thats what happened to hillary . 
  poll after poll that showed she was expected to win 90 % or better . 
  russia must have attempted to influenced the election for her . 
  it 's absolutly to keep ukraine out of nato . 
  if nato were to ever seriously discuss changing their bylaws to now allow countries with territorial conflicts to join , i would n't be the least bit surprised to see russia invade and hold everything east of the dniper river as their new buffer zone . 
  good luck ignoring the $ 2 billion you wo n't be receiving from the us government or states . 
  - and surpass nato 's own regionally maybe but russia is 1/5th the traditional power as the old ussr and 1/10th the power of the warsaw pact while nato.has gotten stronger by taking over so many ex soveit/warsaw pact countries . 
  nato did do the same , but first . 
  from the breakup of the ussr to 2008 , russia was not agreesive , did not invade anyone and yet nato kept expanding tword them country by country and year by year . 
  - canada is free to choose wherever they want . 
  nice in theory , would never happen in the real world . 
  the cia would absolutely stop or kill anyone or any government leaders ( seriously ) advocating canada switching alliances . 
  the us would never stand for it . 
  morals , high ground and the right thing to do arguments only come into play when it suits them to use against others . 
  - it 's all a show for internal consumption . 
  puntin could have won any election he wanted to , with or without crimea . 
  ukraine had a coup to oust the democratically elected leader to be replaced by someone hostile to russia . 
  crimea was way , way , way more strategic than a mear show for populatity . 
  by taking crimea russia killed four birds with one stone . 
  1 ) they severly reduced the ability and danger of ukraines navy ( # 2 power in region ) , 2 ) they eliminated the possibility of sharing a future crimea with nato ( or losing it entirely to nato ) , 3 ) he made any attempt by a future ukraine/nato to attack russia through ukraine ( donbass ) much less probable of success by having that area now naturally double enveloped and surrounded by three sides ( north , south and east ) , and 4 ) russia with crimea is able to both fully defend and control most of the black sea with a2-d2 anti access area denial technology forcing all non russia planes and ships to be in that space at their own peril . 
  - how can nato be taken seriously by defending nato countries ? 
  why does it have to defend or go into a world war over non nato countries to be taken seriously ? 
  - electorally advantageous ? 
  not understanding this point . 
  - now they need to know that if they continue to gamble , they will pay the price . 
  that 's exactly what ukraine and gerogia do know now . 
  if nato continues to gamble and expand right up to russian borders , the rest of the ukraine and gerogia will pay the price . 
  if say canada were to attempt quit nato and join russia , the us would most likely call it a coup , invade and make canada pay the price . 
  if ukraine and gerogia were to ever sign a treaty permemently keeping them out of nato , russia would likley give up those enclaves . 
  the us will look after its national interests and russia hers . 
  simple . 
  they took only a small part of ukraine and georgia . 
  they didnt take all or even most of those countries as they could undoubtedly do . 
  if they did take them all they would be next to nato countries ( turkey , poland etc ) . 
  countries with territorial conflicts ca n't join nato . 
  georgia and ukraine are now weak buffer states ** between ** nato and russia that ca n't join nato . 
  unlike old warsaw pact and ussr countries like egermany , the baltic states , poland , romania , bulgaria , hungary and the czech rebublic who did , there by escalating tensions with russia . 
  guess who 's getting new nato tanks and troops and who isnt ? 
  if nato were to attempt to change its bylaws to allow countries with territorial conflicts to join , i wouldnt be suprised to see russia invade gerogia fully and the 1/3rd of east ukraine east of the dniper river to be taken over before that vote can happen . 
  otherwise they are fine . 
  and ? 
  that 's how you create a frozen conflict and nato off your borders . 
  only putting tanks on the border gets you looking back at nato tanks . 
  everyone a lier including time ( 1996 russian election meddling ) , the dnc , hillary , obama and all the intelligence agencies right ? 
  or are they all liers when it suits you and they are all telling the truth when it suits you ? 
  specifically prove their lying over putins 2011 clinton/election remarks . 
  the clinton 's interfeared in the 1996 russian elections as well . 
  what ? 
  you frenchmen sure have sneaky ways to try and bugger us . 
  leave our bums alone . 
  raise your right hand if you like the french ... raise both hands if you are french . 
  q : whats the difference between a smart frenchman and a unicorn ? 
  a : nothing , their both fictional characters, 
  says the country who taught all their young womon that fellatio is a nutritious and delicious way to pacify the occupying nazi troops . 
  bravo . 
  says the country who spent more time and energy fighting mcdonald 's and disneyland than the nazi 's ... ha, 
  one weeks income . 
  the other 51 weeks are spent on other things . 
  deodorant for one , another word you might not know ...
