- hellas is also a different province in regards to macedonia . 
  hellas is thessaly peloponnese and thrace while macedonia is macedonia prima and secunda ( salutaris ) respectfully . 
  could you please explain that like again as if i 've never been there before ? 
  - i myself am martian do you know if the start of life on earth came directly from mars or did it evolve separately and you then came here when mars lost it 's habitability ? 
  also , do you know when the black star is coming and what is its length of orbit ? 
  or is it planet 9 that 's causing the trouble when ten perturbs it ? 
  ahhh . 
  this is why i sub here . 
  us senator ( r ) rand paul is also blocking macedonian nato membership . 
  the news says its because he is definitely a russian . 
  / s that 's how we troll democrats . 
  it also seems to perk up any ukrainians as well . 
  spartans missed out on the glory . 
  if they had joined they may have gotten their own mini dynasty out of it . 
  no other americans probably know this . 
  i do n't think op is correct . 
  ( or is that the joke ? ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:macedonia_overview.svg adjacent greek region of macedonia and the ancient greek kingdom of macedon which falls mostly within greek macedonia . 
  pella , alexander 's capitol , lies close to thessaloniki . 
  green is greek macedonia . 
  pink is republic of macedonia https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/02/pella_location.jpg/350px-pella_location.jpg the modern republic of macedonia was not ancient macedon . 
  alexander was born in greek macedonia , ancient macedon 's capitol was in greek macedonia . 
  republic of macedonia is a pretender . 
  whatever you think needs to happen is different that what will happen . 
  we may do that too , but we ~ ~ will ~ ~ could also outspend them ~ $ 10 trillion to their ~ $ 500b this next decade . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  russia does very well with their $ 50 billion defense budget . 
  aerospace , satellites , 1000s of nuclear weapons . 
  credit given . 
  it still matters if we ( the west , nato , europeans , nato , eu , japan etc ) spend a trillion dollars more than them over the next decade . 
  they are at best 25 % of the old soviet/warsaw pact strength . 
  regan spent them into the ground . 
  there used to be parity . 
  its now 10-20 to 1 and moving to 30-40 to 1 . 
  he 's written about 15 that have n't been . 
  one that has , ( same one twice ) a 50/50 shot thats its overruled by the scotus when it gets there . 
  he 's slow playing it now to get his conservative majority in the scotus first to win a 5-4 decision . 
  even if he loses , a 15-1 rate is perfectly acceptable moving forword . 
  obama had scotus loses as well on eo 's . 
  there is going to be some new eo law made his term one way or another . 
  i think its doubtful trump would be removed over it . 
  not reelected maybe . 
  it would not be a considered a high crime . 
  he could react but also not start ww3 . 
  i think this eu military process will happen quicker now compared to any other president . 
  i know they have their own weapons but the planes are still the most expensive and they will also buy other things from the us with bigger budgets compared to smaller budgets . 
  - the plan is to archive more with the same budget or to save money , because of economy of scale . 
  it always is . 
  some plans are more achievable than others . 
  who 's plan, 
  i disagree . 
  he 's already had an impact on this . 
  countries all around the world are preparing for the possibility the us will reduce its presence therefore having to at least face the possibility of defending themselves . 
  that will increase military budgets . 
  if he does nothing but threaten it , does n't actually change a thing , military budgets will increase at a much faster rate , europe and others will defend them selves better , and it wont cost the us more money to have that desired outcome . 
  the us will benefit greatly from increased arms deals . 
  lower costs per unit on bigger programs built in the us . 
  built for our needs and yours . 
  no ones saying you will actually need to . 
  the us will be spending another $ 200 - $ 400 billion more than russia over the next 4-8 years . 
  so will europeans . 
  trump is going to force a regan by fear that wont acually happen ( us leaves nato ) and cumulatively outspend russia by as much as a trillion dollars more ( including nato , eu and all non nato allies like south korea , japan , etc ( a trillion more than the amount they already outspend them ) over the next decade . 
  russia has already blinked . 
  do you think that is going to go faster or slower under trump . 
  they actually do n't . 
  but his jawboning has set in place an increase or a large increase in some nato country 's expenditures for their own military . 
  so his big mouth is having a positive effect on his desired outcome . 
  ever look up the actual number the us contributes to running nato ? 
  its about 25 % of the total or about ** $ 1 billion dollars . 
  ** that 's right . 
  its about .002 % of our military budget . 
  tp : / / www.cbsnews.com/news/gates-criticizes-nato-how-much-does-us-pay/ the us spends a lot on its own military both as a % of gdp ( ~ 3.5 % ) and the total ( ~ $ 500-600billion ) and those country 's do n't . 
  but we would still spend that regardless of other nato country 's spending more because we like being the only elephant in a squirrel fight . 
  obviously if the us pulled out it would be hard to replace a bunch of things the us includes for being allies like command and control and intelligence/satellite info , but it would n't be the end of nato and about $ 10 billion spent over about 5 years could catch it up to those deficiencies . 
  turkey had a mutual aid pact with france and british but had an out if the ussr was a threat to them . 
  when the soviets invaded poland , turkey backed out . 
  when the nazis invaded greece , turkey signed the non aggression pact . 
  turkey traded with both sides and no turkish troops fought in ww2 . 
  the donbass is both leverage for crimea and the way to keep nato out of ukraine . 
  if ukraine is willing to trade getting the donbass back for letting crimea go it * could * happen . 
  but if by doing that ukraine no longer has a territorial conflict keeping them out of nato , it still may not . 
  without some sort of iron clad treaty/garentee ukraine wo n't ever join nato , the donbass may never be liberated and russia will live with the sanctions . 
  if nato attempts to change its bylaws so countries * can * join with territorial disputes , i would n't be the least bit surprised if russia fully invades east ukraine up to the dnieper * before the nato vote is taken . 
  had stalingrad on my mind for some reason . 
  i 've heard dwarf cock has very magical property 's . 
  but only if fresh . 
  i learned that on game of thrones so it must be true . 
  are there certain kinds of of animal dicks known as a delicacy ? 
  for example , ive read tiger dick is known as an expensive aphrodisiac but i 'm not sure how it is best served . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  if you had a sound rebuttal you would have used it by now . 
  i think i now need to spend much more time here to counter the circle jerk . 
  thanks for talking me in to it . 
  pro tip : only obtuse obsessive compulsives care about internet points . 
  underdog : a person , team , etc. , that is expected to lose a contest or battle -- lets see ... uk @ $ 2t vs eu @ $ 16t . 
  were you expecting the uk to win this one ? 
  yes , underdog . 
  you do n't agree so i have to be trolling ? 
  i see you have nothing intelligent to counter with so you go strait to multiple lame ad hominem arguments . 
  smh .
