  my gold does just fine thanks . 
  a one ounce gold nugget feeds me for a year @ $ 4000, 
  q : what english word has no equivalent in the french language ? 
  a : gratitude . 
  weak mind ... 
  the new york times is a lier ? 
  prove it . 
  he got out ahead of having to share then lose crimea to nato . 
  if you want to know why russia got involved against elections and specifically against hillary , look to us interfearence in russian elections in 2011 : in his remarks , putin said clinton had `` set the tone for some opposition activists , gave them a signal . 
  and [ they ] started active work . 
  we are required to protect our sovereignty . 
  we will have to think about strengthening the law and holding responsible those who carry out the task of a foreign government to influence internal political processes . '' https://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/12/09/world/europe/putin-accuses-clinton-of-instigating-russian-protests.html putin promised to hold those responsible for interfering in russian elections and he directly blamed clinton for it . 
  nato is being overreactive to a small threat that is in no shape or form comparable to the cold war days . 
  i would have put my tank down over georgia and ukraine direct nato border encroachment as well if putin . 
  bring it . 
  the us is the least dependent ( on exports ) large economy in the world at about 12 % of gdp . 
  half of the eu is over 50 % . 
  trump also wo n't be content to just countertariff , he may also use nato as his additional big stick if the eu starts any trade war . 
  no oil left ? 
  russia is 1/5th the strength of the ussr and 1/10th of the warsaw pact . 
  - but if despite all opposite evidence you think one and only one thing proves he 's not being mangled from moscow i named four seperate things ... four is enough - sanctions made russia desperate for new strategies , which ended up on taking over your democracy . 
  no it did not . 
  the price of oil falling from $ 105 in 2014 ( sanctions start ) to $ 28 in early 2016 is what really hurt russia . 
  30 % of russias economy is dependent on oil and natural gas ( price tied to oil ) . 
  90 % of the us and world sanctions are on deep water , arctic and fracking technology . 
  the $ 500 billion exxon deal was signed in 2011 at $ 110 oil . 
  sanctions , no sanctions , none of that oil is coming out of the ground at $ 50 oil . 
  deepwater arctic not even at $ 60-70 . 
  however during this time of `` crippling '' sanctions russia happened to increase its oil production to a new post soviet high , outproducing even saudi arabia and holding out long enough to make saudia arabia blink first on reducing production . 
  - if you want to know why russia got involved against hillary , look to this article in 2011 : https://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/12/09/world/europe/putin-accuses-clinton-of-instigating-russian-protests.html putin promised to hold those responsible for interfering in russian elections and he directly blamed clinton for it . 
  whomever the gop nominee was , they were going to benifet from russia/putin holding her responsible . '', 
  in his remarks , putin said clinton had `` set the tone for some opposition activists , gave them a signal . 
  and [ they ] started active work . 
  we are required to protect our sovereignty . 
  we will have to think about strengthening the law and holding responsible those who carry out the task of a foreign government to influence internal political processes . '' russia was n't the only one who interfeared . 
  mexico , germany , norway , saudi arabia , and a half dozen known and unknown countries interfeared for hillary . 
  citizens united is and was an absolute abomination on american politics and as long as it stands foreign governments will be interfering . 
  - sanctions stopped russia from escalating further in ukraine . 
  i think russia took just as much of ukraine as they wanted , no more no less . 
  they took just enough to cripple ukraine 's main industrial region/energy production . 
  they took just enough to grab the last remaining russian speaking majority areas . 
  and the main reason above all they took just enough to create a territorial ( frozen ) conflict to keep ukraine out of nato per nato bylaws ( as they also did with georgia ) . 
  sanctions did not get and will not get russia to ever give up crimea , sanctions did not get russia to leave the donbass and sanctions did not get russia to change or keep russia from pursuing its foreign policy objectives in syria ( and fighting two conflicts at once ) . 
  instead , russia increased their gold suppy ( banking confidence ) , countersanctioned most western food ( foreign reserves ) and buckled down on spending ( debt/income ) . 
  after intitial problems with lending ( the other 10 % that did hurt them ) they successfully floated their own bonds on the world markets and the world bank is now estimating a 1-2 % gdp growth in 2017 . 
  they also got out ahead of a possible future visa/bankcard sanction and are now ready ( with china ) to create their own gold backed currency to trade oil with if needed so the us ca n't pull an iran on either one . 
  they have weathered the storm and have no reason to panic now . 
  http://www.indexmundi.com/commodities/?commodity=crude-oil&amp;months=60 http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gold-reserves http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/crude-oil-production https://www.rferl.org/a/28225129.html http://theduran.com/strange-story-russias-eurobond-west-building-russias-financial-system/ i think if nato were to schedule a vote to change its bylaws to allow countries with territorial conflict to now join it , russia would immediatly re-invade the 1/3rd of the ukraine east of the dnieper river and let the chips fall as they may . 
  http://www.dnieperrivercruises.com/images/russian_river_map.gif - yes men comey and yates served at trumps pleasure and while he will hear them out he will also fire dead weight obstructing his agenda . 
  both were obama appointees and both had proven questionable loyalties that no new president would want around , especially when the outgoing president set up multiple landmines for him ahead of time . 
  - he even brought family !, 
  as did many presidents before him . 
  first daughters have completly run the whitehouse on at least three occasions ( many family members had their own offices ) . 
  letty tyler ran the white house for her widowed father , president john tyler . 
  martha johnson , the daughter of president andrew johnson , ran things for her father . 
  she also marched to capitol hill where she lobbied for appropriations . 
  her brother , robert , had his own office in the white house . 
  anna roosevelt , daughter of franklin delano roosevelt , practically ran the white house from her bedroom in the private quarters . 
  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/gorsuch-shows-that-donald-trump-doesnt-hire-yes-men/article/2614439 wow . 
  that was a lot of things you are wrong about imo, 
  to get to this opionion i 'm starting with the premise he 's not compromised and exactly what he seems to be . 
  a green 70 year old ex-buissnesman politician who never held any public office before who always did it his way and is n't going to change now . 
  i know none of this will be a popular opionion but i think he 's his own man . 
  if your implying putin ( pointing ) trump is increasing us military spending this year by the same amount as the entire russian military budget , he 's also hell bent on nato spending more to much more sooner rather than later , and absolutely wants to militarily outspend russia ( by another ) ~ $ 500 billion in his ( 4y ) presidency over the 2 trillion we already are . 
  he also wants to speed up the modernisation of the us nuke program . 
  bombing the syrian government was something obama never crossed putin on . 
  if i had to guess he 's ultimately trying to pull a reagan and see if russia will follow into insolvency like the ussr and if not negotiate some new big arms treaties at the end of his term . 
  i think ? 
  hes going for peace through strength with russia but also trying to be pragmatic with a different strategy of respect ( honey ) rather than sanctions ( vinegar ) to catch his fly . 
  no lectures or claiming the moral high ground . 
  its been the same playbook with saudia arabia , china etc and the opposite with the more traditional allies ( vinegar instead of honey ) . 
  russia took crimea , the donbass and syria under obama 's watch and still has them . 
  iran was basically gifted iraq under obama . 
  sanctions did n't stop or back off russia from a thing . 
  he is letting his generals make the bigger strategic decisions in syria and also oddly does not run a cabinet of yes men , often picking people with differing views than him to surround him and fight it out . 
  on trade he 's taking a zero sum game attitude that a ceo would do and until it actually burns him ( press does n't count ) he will probably stick with that approach for now . 
  he starts at crazy with the desired middle ground still much better than the original starting point . 
  art of the deal stuff . 
  he 's definitely a game changer and status quo upender and some of his changes will work and some wo n't . 
  how he adjusts from there to success/failure is anyone 's guess but he 's not afraid to take big chances to get what he desires and is n't nearly as stupid as the press badly wants him to be . 
  the biggest fear from the dem and most msm is that he will succeed because they despertly want to be proven right . 
  most of them want him to be a russian spy at this point because the alternative puts a mad amount of eggs on their faces while being forced to examine their own failures . 
  thanks for making me look it up . 
  i had assumed the eu council had to vote unanimously on common foreign policy , but it indeed does not specify trade policies . 
  she 's not american but it looks like trump ( and macron ) may already have their next wife candidates lined up ... https://i.redd.it/iu97gh403w0z.png, 
  the eu doesnt have to unanimously agree ? 
  putin is a just a useful boogeyman to help kept military spending higher and provide an excuse for any western political failures . 
  america is much more thankful that the wackjob wicked witch of the west wing wont wantonly lead to our wake . 
  trump or no trump i do n't know if you could get unanimous ( 28 ? ), 
  approval and trying could lead to some more eu countries voting for a brexit if they are afraid the us ( trump ) will use it to back out of nato . 
  no one doubts he 's the craziest person at the table anymore . 
  the # 2 european economy ( uk ) is now looking west and if i were them i would try to pillfer and start their own economic union to take negotiating power away from the eu on the divorce . 
  sure . 
  some would but others would not . 
  about 10 eu countries exports are at or above 60 % of gdp . 
  but that 's why you only try and break the leader ( germany ) . 
  the question becomes would germany bend first or trump and even if the eu or germany could win eventuality they may decide not to even try and just wait his presidency out not knowing what lengths trump would go to next ( say using nato as his next stick in the fight ) . 
  against everyone in the eu sure and i 'm just speculating but trump has specifically called out germany and has shown he follows up with his promises . 
  he does not just bluster . 
  the way to do it is the us would target just germany trying to get them to cave and negotiate with the rest of the eu for them .
