direct democracy always run into scaling problems . 
  they did not have the internet back then . 
  russians know what the outside world now . 
  only a matter of time , same with china , and even north korea . 
  is n't russia due to balkanize further ? 
  they ca n't even afford to maintain any major road system outside of moscow and st. petersburg . 
  just wait till we are trying to colonize space while we still do n't have a single species government , that will be fun \u061f, 
  i think i see a male kissing another male at least once a week but i also work across the street from a gay bar . 
  air licking lesbians is the nomenclature here . 
  it would also allow sweden and finland to consolidate forces into specialized units . 
  currently you have a lot of overlap . 
  quiet future neoserf of the glorious putin monarchy !, 
  back to making cheap crap to sell to the chinese middle class !, 
  welsh is a transspecies language . 
  what is the marijuana zeitgeist at the moment there ? 
  people are paying stupid amounts here right now for humboldt trainwreck . 
  it is alright . 
  we have a strain here called [ dutch treat ] ( http://www.leafly.com/hybrid/dutch-treat ) that is phenomenal , and it is just an homage . 
  i would love to get my hands on the real thing . 
  so can we ship marijuana to each other yet fellow legalized place of weed ? 
  i want to smoke some marijuana with dutch pedigree . 
  how is the younger generations ? 
  right wing * humour * is so awful . 
  oh noes , the marxist manchildren have discovered memes \u061f whatever will the mixed market ecoomies do \u061f lol !, 
  well the russians were once communists thing is starting to get play in the us . 
  we might have a new cold war !, 
  that will stop global warming !, 
  maybe communism does n't work and stalinism and maoism are what happens ? 
  atlantis has it . 
  never go full marxist . 
  i know that , the question is : can russia maintain its massive land area without collapsing ? 
  i 'm not talking about the regimes specifically , i 'm talking about the political movements that are backing them . 
  did n't they call this sort of thing authoritarian populism when they kept re-electing thatcher ? 
  which is why their technocrats and technologists are fleeing the country . 
  any engineer who is not working on the oil/gas system or the infrastructure they keep standing in st. petersburg and moscow is a rarity . 
  i think they have something like 80 % of their regional airports in such disrepair they can only be used in emergencies and the russian road system is collapsing . 
  any programmer worth his salt in russia is learning english right now . 
  exactly what is the end game here ? 
  the further balkanization of russia ? 
  green party is in canada , the us , mexico , and south america as well . 
  not as strong but they do have elected officials . 
   homophobic mobs seem to exist in rural nordic towns we should capture homophobes from different countries , and put them in human zoos before they die out as a culture . 
  the entire geographic land of poland will be secured in a glass bubble and launched into space by 2050 according to sources on the internet . 
  i think the whole world should be terrified of russia if it ever runs out of gas/oil and cheap heavy metals . 
  no , i am just not doing your hw for you because you lack common knowledge on a subject . 
  take some responsibility on educating yourself before asking questions of others . 
  it is the nice thing to do . 
  i 'm not here to do basic research for you so i gave you a resource to do that on your own . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:ministries_by_portfolio have fun . 
  http://www.eea.europa.eu/about-us  the core objective of the eea is to produce european , pan-european and regional integrated environmental data and indicator sets , assessments and thematic analyses in order to provide a sound decision basis for environmental policies in the eu and member countries and for cooperation with candidate and potential candidate countries and those covered by the european neighbourhood policy . 
  they are an information clearinghouse with no teeth . 
  the eu needs a central regulatory body and enforcement agency for the environment . 
  you still have dozens of replicated institutions among the eu riding the taxpayer gravy train . 
  the eea still has no teeth and ca n't actually do anything about cross country pollution . 
  no , he wants more democratic institutions so shit can actually change instead of having to wait decades while unelected petty bureaucrats resist any challenge to the status quo . 
  it is hand washing of an area that may be one of the only places in the world where a loose nuke might end up in someone 's hands . 
   i do n't think there 's a correlation . 
  there are also hate crimes in the us for instance . 
  there are problems with xenophobia and bigotry the world over . 
  it was n't uncommon 10 years ago in places as liberal as california to have a few rogue schools ban children with hiv from attending school . 
  what is particular is that the far right in the usa is mostly old people but in scandinavia you seem to have a lot more young people being radicalized . 
  i think the last three white guys that shot up a jewish center or holocaust museum were over 70 years old here in the states . 
  why is your youth veering towards outright fascism without being mercilessly satirized and lampooned by the public at large ? 
  maybe that sort of stuff does not percolate out into the english-language scandinavian-sphere online ? 
  i understand the history the region has in dealing with the very real evils of fascism , ultranationalism , and other far right wing ideologies ; yet , the only sort of reactions i 've seen against these things is the building of a memorial for the victims of the 2011 attack in norway and anti-fascists beating the crap out of people in germany . 
  i know you just [ ca n't satirize fascism or any evil ideology ] ( http://www.open.edu/openlearn/history-the-arts/history/classical-studies/contesting-power-through-satire ) or power away but why is everyone so serious about them ? 
  do you actually expect a far right movement like nazim to be possible in 21st century europe ? 
  so do you think scandinavia 's non-confrontational attitude towards bigotry has anything to do with the increase in hate crimes there ? 
  i do . 
  you laugh at bigots , you do n't let them turn their loonie crusades into action . 
   says the one who seems to think that the period 1960ish-1996 stands to define the future history of anglo-irish relations for as far as a redditor can talk out of his own arse . 
  you think that was n't the culmination of british policy to ruthless maintain the status quo through military ventures ? 
  sure you can terrorize people for a generation or two into accepting a shitty situation but it is not going to last . 
  you keep telling yourself that but it always comes back . 
  well , you have just come off as a average brit spoon fed the same talking points about the troubles every other one is . 
  i do n't know why i bother talking to the british , they agree about too much , and disagree about too little . 
  there is no implicit meaning in the timescale for `` a period of x _____ '' . 
   that 's a wonderfully and totally irrelevant timescale ... blah blah blah . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that is the problem with the english , they never think very far ahead , and more often than not stuck in the past . 
   why do you think that this will somehow result in another few decades of unrest ? 
  who said it has to be the same scale ? 
   most irish and northern irish voters are totally apathetic to unification . 
  so in 1000 years you think that is going to be the case ? 
  well they should be encouraged to . 
  you do n't have a lot of bigots , what are you afraid of ? 
  no , it is not whatabotism when we are talking about the potential for this to instigate another period of the troubles if it is not addressed . 
  northern ireland is still completely untenable long term as part of the uk . 
  they going to arrest the uk police and military who gunned down and tortured civilians as well ? 
  that is the one thing that always bothered me about scandinavians in general , they can be outrageous bigots privately , but will never say anything remotely close to what they believe in public . 
  i 'd rather the bigots make fools of themselves tbh . 
  meh , you guys need to innovate more . 
  what was the last new style of beer that came out of your country ? 
  we are experimenting with dark ipa now . 
  edit : not a single answer , just eurosnobbery , lol . 
  um , all organic labels in the usa prevent using dpa on apples . 
  http://www.whatsonmyfood.org/level.jsp?food=ap&amp;pesticide=125 only one in three have it on them and it is 1/40th the amount of a non-organic apple . 
  so , in other words , 20 % of apple production in the usa can still be shipped to europe . 
  btw european folks , [ dry-hopped cider is awesome ] ( http://www.finnriver.com/index.php?page=dry-hopped-cider ) !, 
  make some and send it over , we will do the same .
