  my friend has a farm that does organic apples to make hopped cider here in oregon , she will be fine then ? 
  hopped cascadian-style cider is awesome by the way . 
   what do you mean by `` stronger checks and balances '' exactly ? 
  open and transparent practices built into the government from the get go , election of the supreme court with term limits , institutionalization of whistleblower protections etc. 
  we need a 21st century social contract is what i think you are getting at . 
  what do you want ? 
  do you want a new constitution written in modern unambiguous terms and reformulation of the us government with stronger checks and balances from below ? 
  aca , gay marriage , fda regulation of tobacco , fair pay act ... 
  your anti-americanism is showing . 
  yes , it is called an upswing , not a revolution . 
  american politics has 30-40 year cycles , we are in year six of one of those . 
   this seems awfully optimistic , and i have n't seen anything to suggest this . 
  that seems awfully pessimistic as the us had the first states in the world to legalize marijuana through referendum just last year , the first national expansion of medicaid in 30 years -- besides the red states that opted out , and is on track by 2016 to make a gop presidential run electorally impossible . 
  http://www.wilsoncenter.org/event/political-demography-how-population-changes-are-reshaping-international-security-and-national  demographically , `` america is in the worst shape of any country -- except for every other , '' he said . 
  just fill in the whole thing and call it new netherlands . 
   why ? 
  my country 's current course is going to lead to ruin hardly , the us is in a progressive upswing that will play out for the next 20-30 years as the baby boomers kick off . 
  obama was part of a [ realigning election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/realigning_election ) , even if he was not all he said he was . 
  the us , like all democratic states has cycles of right wing and left wing politics . 
  it is not all doom and gloom ahead . 
  russia should be scared because even estonia has battle hardened veterans with a decade of experience fighting under a unified nato command with the world 's latest weapon systems . 
  russia has a wwii-style conscript army , some mediocre mechanized divisions , and a few modern special forces units . 
  i 'm just sitting here in my underwear drinking an oregonian kolsch and eating californian bratwurst . 
   most brits whom i 've spoken to have cared more about political issues than americans seem to . 
  [ depends on which state ] ( http://media.oregonlive.com/mapes/other/americagoestothe%20polls2012.pdf ) , minnesota has 75 % voter turnout and some states are below 50 % for presedential elections . 
  [ uk is sitting at 65 % ] ( http://ukpolitical.info/turnout45.htm ) . 
   to claim the picts were completely wiped out by the vikings  the norse ethnically cleansed most of the picts aka scots in the ** northern islands ** i did not make that claim . 
   it 's still irrelevant . 
  was the norse culture not just as ` native european ' as that of the picts ? 
  the picts and gaels and bretons were the aboriginal people of the uk or do they not teach you that in school there ? 
   yes , there were inter-tribal wars , but the reason why you do n't see people living in the manner they did 8000 years ago in europe is not because of ethnic cleansing , it 's because of cultural and scientific advancement . 
  i 'm not talking about living like ancient aboriginals in some anachronistic fashion , i 'm talking about the dissolution of entire cultures , including oral/written histories , native craftsmanship , etc. 
  i stand by my assertion that europe is the history of genocide . 
  what do you have left of the ancient , once written cornish language ? 
  a dozen major manuscripts before the revival in the 20th century ? 
  england has been committing genocide on its own isle and the neighboring isle of ireland almost continuously for 1000 years . 
  the late 20th century and early 21st century is an aberration . 
  how many cornish books did henry vi burn ? 
   cultural advancement and intermingling you mean like when the norse ethnically cleansed most of the picts aka scots in the northern islands by killing all the men ? 
  well the eu in its current state will fall apart the next time the economy tumbles . 
  i agree , but how many peoples in europe actually have culture from 8000 years ago intact ? 
  besides the sami , who is left ? 
  think of it as a superstate buffer to keep regional identities intact . 
  no , the eu could have another regional layer between states that would make up the eu and the supreme federal government . 
  it would make sense , for instance , for the uk if it were to devolve into 3-4 states , to still have their own federal layer to represent their collective interests before the eu . 
  they are , after all , their own unique bioregion being an island and all . 
  not genetically , wales was down to 10k people after the romans came . 
  europe is the history of genocide . 
   the aboriginal people in europe are still living there . 
  so the [ danube valley cultures ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danube_valley_cultures ) are still around ? 
  there are people who identify as them and tell their history ? 
  the us has oral histories of 100 's of aboriginal tribes with surviving members . 
  most of european culture before writing has been destroyed . 
  prove me wrong . 
  [ 7000 years ago a volcano exploded ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_mazama ) and we have those stories passed down all that time till the present day . 
  how much of norse mythology was lost when the christians came ? 
  how much of cornish history was lost when the romans came ? 
  well not the eu , but the history of europe is one of wiping out the natives and settling `` new natives '' over and over again . 
  europe has lost dozens of cultures and peoples over the millennia . 
  recently almost 90 % of eastern european jews . 
  just make more levels of federation . 
  that is what cascadia is about . 
  group the states that are more similar to eachother economically and culturally and give them more sovereignty . 
  like all the scandinavian countries as a layer below the eu and above each individual state . 
  there is no reason you have to follow the model that the us or brazil or australia followed . 
  it was mostly disease . 
  less than 100k were killed directly and we still have 100 's of tribes left . 
  how many native welsh and cornish were left in the uk after 1000 's of years of persecution ? 
  do you know how many agricultural/environmental/etc ministries you guys have that are just reduplicating effort ? 
  do you know how many bureaucrats are needed to sort out the mess between them ? 
  at least you guys are [ ahead of the curve with driving licenses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_driving_licence ) . 
  the us has 57 different sets of laws about driving and licensing . 
  us , like most countries has most of its endemic poverty in rural areas . 
  also , unlike most of the the eu -- excluding finland/sweden who have the sami , the us did not wipe out its aboriginal people and now have massive reservations filled to the brim with generational poverty . 
  urban poverty has been declining for two decades here . 
  eu will be doing a lot better as it becomes more federated . 
  lots of duplicate institutions . 
  ca n't eat manifestos . 
  i meant across the eu . 
  a europe federation could better hold off a russian federation methinks . 
  how long till infrastructure and gdp per capita is similar enough ? 
  why not both ? 
  well , so long as a federation is setup that way , a global entity only needs to exist to preserve basic civil rights and aid in disasters . 
  so , where do you think the first human-wide democratic institution will arise from hackers or parliamentarians ? 
  not even in 1000 years, 
  do you think you will live to see the un or a worldwide body have democratically elected representatives ? 
  i would hope an open internet would stop such silliness . 
  which is why i look at the comments on places like here for obvious bias in articles . 
  they are also economically up to their schnitzel holes in russia . 
  also not impartial observers . 
  sure , they have nukes too but they have a massive low morale mostly conscript force , not a lot of logistical support , and everyone fucking hates them . 
  their infantry would move into some baltic state or poland and 48 hours later , after drones and stealth bombers have destroyed most sam sites there would be non stop [ cluster bombing of their massed troops from b-1s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_wxtulafgk ) . 
  dropping as many bombs as one and half b-52s and then high tailing it out of there at mach 1.2 . 
  the b-1s were made for that task and they will have little problem in performing it . 
  they have never been used for their true purpose but if it is anything , it is attacking russian troop and armored formations . 
  russia is organized like it is still ww ii , they will create large plodding targets for even drone operators to pick off . 
  the only thing putin can do is turn eastern europe into a russian soldiers ' graveyard . 
   i 've been given the impression that russian fighter jets are vastly superior to their european counterparts . 
  in flight performance sure , but not in avionics and aa weapons . 
  there is no need for flight maneuverability when you can engage 2-3x farther away than your opponent .
