well said !, 
  yea there is some pretty amazing stuff . 
  but , i think architectural stuff is a bit better in europe . 
  i mean , it is just a personal preference at this point . 
  i always find really old buildings to be very beautiful and preferable to modern ones . 
  the exception is chicago . 
  i really like the architecture in chicago . 
  i think it is beautiful . 
  wow they are beautiful !, 
  being an american i live in a place without a long or rich cultural history , so seeing pictures of all the quaint old towns and city centers seems pretty amazing . 
  i never really considered that there is supposed to be even more of it . 
  like how could the cities look even better ? 
  i wonder if it would still look the same way has the destruction and bombing of the world wars had not happened . 
  new york city used to have some beautiful `` old '' buildings like [ penn station ] ( https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/w0hqao7ypzpmmy-y94msuk-ywh4=/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/6114227/nyp_loc5.0.jpg ) which got ( cough ) `` updated '' into this [ cramped space ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0a/penn_station_lirr_concourse.jpg ) which filled up with fast food restaurants . 
  they tried to do the same thing with [ grand central terminal ] ( http://cdn-image.travelandleisure.com/sites/default/files/styles/720x450/public/201411-w-worlds-most-visited-tourist-attractions-grand-central.jpg?itok=skjns8ne ) , but luckily there was a movement to preserve it which succeeded . 
  what i am trying to say , is that how much of the preservation of historical and old buildings that there is today do you think is from the fact that people are conscious of what was destroyed during the wars ? 
  do you think that people would allow the destruction of just as many of the buildings to make way for roads , modern architecture and public transit systems ? 
  when industrialization/modernization gets momentum , it seem pretty hard to slow down . 
  either way , it would have been better than them getting bombed . 
  no , in this case i am not the one deciding if it would be used , i am american , so it would be used against me . 
  i 'm not saying to use it as a means of bullying , but as a sorta checks and balances on a world level . 
  if one country is doing something that is detrimental for the rest of the world , trade can be a powerful tool to help even things out . 
  i would rather it not happen to anyone , but this is such an important issue , that this might be the fastest way to get the entire world on the right track . 
  as much as i hate this , it is the proper response . 
  money is the only language some people can understand , it would definitely push our leaders in the right direction . 
  i feel you . 
  :( to quote wheatley from portal 2 : `` but do n't be alarmed , alright ? 
  because ah ... well , actually , if you do feel alarmed , hold onto that . 
  because the feeling of alarm is the proper reaction to being told you 've ~ ~ got massive brain damage ~ ~ withdrawn from the paris deal . 
  so if you are alarmed , then it suggests the damage is not as serious as we thought . 
  although it probably is really serious . '', 
  yea , i agree with your point . 
  clean energy and environmental protection is the most important political ( not that it should be political ) issue to me . 
  i have an incredibly pessimistic view of my country 's stance on the issue . 
  that being said , i 've done a bit of research that shows that we actually are n't completely bad . 
  like u/keisariflanagan said , we pioneered and kept up with preserving and protecting lands and forests , and additionally , the number of trees in the us continues to increase . 
  also many of the environmental and energy regulations set by obama that are being repealed by trump , will likely still have an effect . 
  as someone else pointed out , market forces are as strong or stronger than political forces for clean energy . 
  nobody will build a new coal power plant when they know that after 4 years , the next president will likely reinstate those previous regulations . 
  additionally , the majority of americans support the paris agreement and want clean energy . 
  trump is stiffening the resistance against dirty energy . 
  a side note with the [ trees thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_forest_area ) , the us has about the same % forested area as for say germany or france , but i think that we might be doing slightly better in this regard since a huge percent of out land is desert or plains which would n't be forested even if there were no humans living here . 
  conversely , we have a much lower population density than most of europe , so this should be easier anyway . 
  its hard to say , but i think that we are a bit ahead in this sector . 
  our co2 emissions per capita are still horrendous compared to what they could be and compared to european standards . 
  i think a lot of this stems from the size of the country and its population density . 
  the countries with the highest per capita emission seem to be large , low population density ones . 
  here , it is not uncommon to have to travel 100km to get to work , and public transportation for these distance can be extremely difficult and/or expensive . 
  to reduce this , would have to really restructure the way the country is laid out , to more of a european style were people are concentrated more into towns where they live , work spend time ect . 
  of course if we go full electric transportation , we will also have more space for wind farms or solar panels . 
  i do n't know , it is not an easy problem . 
  for now , i can ride my bike to work and the grocery store and i recycle as much as i can and try to buy less . 
  there is a lot of work to do no matter what country you are from . 
  i agree , the more i read , i find that the `` renewable energy '' definition is always a good think . 
  at first glance you think wind and solar , but it is n't always so pretty . 
  that 's a good point . 
  ( i specifically hate the electoral college , i think its a blatant attack on democracy . 
  how can someone be elected if the majority voted for someone else ?! ), 
  probably easier said than done though , since companies would probably lobby against banning lobbying or the electoral college . 
  is there something behind the guy in that picture ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  hahaha , that 's a good list !, 
  there are more of us , do n't worry . 
  we are a bit outnumbered though . 
  i am not trying to pit the us against any specific country , but for one i really like the idea of unity between countries . 
  i like the idea that they can all work together for a common goal such as an esa or cern project . 
  then all the countries get to contribute and share in the success or progress . 
  also that you know that other counties will help yours if they need it and you will help you neighbor if they need it since you 're all `` in it together '' . 
  it seems like the eu in general puts more value on the human and their basic rights than the us does , which values independence and individualism more . 
  both are important and good , but i think that eu version is better . 
  i think people are fundamentally stronger the more unified they are , and i rather give up a bit of freedom and pay a bit more taxes for that , then what we have now . 
  your welcome and thanks for your perspective as well . 
  cheers !, 
  yea we get a stipend for living as well for being a ta or ra , so i think for grad school it works out being about the same , except it seems like you have a bit heavier of a workload since part of the research you do is just to pay the bills . 
  i am already a grad student , working as a research assistant , so i get my tuition waived . 
  so i have a pretty good deal at the moment . 
  if i ever make it over to europe , i think my education will be finished by then . 
  haha , probably . 
  your right and your right . 
  i am an aerospace engineer , so i live in a pretty good country for that . 
  feels good , 
  yea , i mean i guess if i 'm pissed off at some law or election or whatever , at least i did something to try and change it . 
  yea i think you 've got the idea . 
  i ca n't speak too much as to whether americans want people to make snap judgments on everything , because i have lived nowhere else and have no other perspective . 
  however , what you described sounds exactly what i hear every day ( and probably say sometimes myself ) . 
  with the `` loud ignorant and proud '' , i mainly mean when people are just super proud about voicing their opinions on something . 
  for example , when i was a kid there was another family that my family would visit and have dinner with sometimes . 
  they would often switch the conversation to something political and start off on something like `` climate change is n't real '' . 
  i doubt they poured over years of climate data and analyzed ice cores to come up with their opinion . 
  but even though a the entire international community of atmospheric and climate scientists is in near unanimous agreement that climate change is real and poses a great threat , they do n't think it is . 
  why ? 
  i have no goddamn idea , but they sure as hell love to talk about it . 
  i think it stems half from american 's pride in participating in their government and the other half from people identifying strongly with one political party . 
  the effect of this being that one gets a very negative view of the opposing party ( i realize i do this a lot myself . 
  i instinctively thing everything republican is evil , which is not good ) and will not make opinions outside of their parties views . 
  but as you put very well , that does n't mean that anyone has to make a binary decision on something that they know little about . 
  thanks that 's an awesome comment !, 
  i think u/ecnad also has a good point about having a lot more to recover from and making it easier for change . 
  i love the idea of unity of countries which is probably why i have such a favorable view of europe . 
  i do n't know , i just really want to be a part of something like that .
