please do n't senpai dan !, 
  grats on your r/europe mod btw . 
  more like ck2 , if he was captured . 
  tell me more please !, 
  if you post something on mobile it sometimes doubleplosts . 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  do you think it will help turkey if tourism goes down ? 
  or do you think that tourism connects and pushes through more western ideas ? 
  please do n't view this as a passive aggressive question , i am just wondering what your opinion is, 
  i actually find these maps very aesthetically pleasing . 
  thank you . 
  i agree that the extremes in both sides do it . 
  he did n't prove you wrong . 
  but you did n't prove that you are right either . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  he did n't lie , he just did n't read you comment correctly . 
  it will still radicalize him and make it more likely for him to spread misinformation . 
  i disagree . 
  it helps in no way to do this . 
  it just polarizes the existing political climate . 
  well i think you are beyond retarded . 
  is it okay to tell you to kys now ? 
  you are telling someone to kill themselves just because they are stupid . 
  stop that shit , i beg you . 
  i think i would complain about my health if water with up to 350kpa would gush into my face . 
  yes . 
  me and my parents were planning to visit brussels , but did n't book anything yet . 
  suddenly the attack happened and we just stopped talking about the idea . 
  of course this is just one example and i do n't believe that something like this happens often . 
  is that ukraine , syria and georgia or what ? 
   not some institution that will fabricate results if companies ca n't meet them . 
   a national agency is also more transparent and more accountible . 
  why do you think that a national agency is more transparent nad more accountible ? 
  why would it not be the 20 + times ? 
  why can the one time not be trusted ? 
   if you 're worried about efficiency better not test or regulate at all . 
  what does this mean ? 
  no , this is why the us will go down the shitter . 
  enjoy it . 
  no , better than merkel . 
  the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell . 
  hey can you give me some more info on hist views of russia please ? 
  what country are you from , if i may ask ? 
  i do n't know much about this topic . 
  was it obama not wanting to take in syrian refugees or was it the senate/house not willing to take them in ? 
  yes , it is called an `` alternative fact '', 
  so it is both a possibility and a fact . 
  even if he wanted to kill himself and the people recording could n't do anything to stop him , that does not excuse their reaction at all . . 
  i do n't know . 
  he meant that it is not only the presidents fault , but more the fault of some other very influencial people . 
  those people deserve the punishment even more . 
  even 4 % -17 % is still significant . 
  i live in bonn , which is slightly more south than leipzig . 
  here it is definitely not light out at 6:30 pm, 
   the us banks seem to be going to frankfurt . 
  did you mean uk banks ? 
  based on polls there was a significant chance that trump would win and most polls were at around 50 % for brexit happening . 
  [ 538 ] ( https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ ) for example had trumps chance of winning at 28 % . 
  if scotland becomes independant , you would proably join the eu , right ? 
  if that happens would n't england need to join the single market to have unlimited trade with scotland ? 
   communist flair, 
  i like having a little bit of extra information about a person from their flair . 
  if we add a roman empire flair a lot of people will use it just as a joke and that valuable information will be lost :(, 
  i like volvos though :(, 
  what ? 
  it always confuses me when you can clearly see the country borders in these maps . 
  between sweden and norway for example . 
  is it just because it is measured differently ? 
   also their lives are put on hold anyway , they are fleeing their homes and their country is a warzone . 
  that is no valid argument . 
  it would still make sense to try and continue to live while you are a refugee . 
   unless something crazy happens . 
  which has already happened multiple times in this war . 
  there is still a real chance of the war continuing for a much longer time . 
  you can not know that the civil war will end in the near future . 
  therefore it makes sense to try and start a new life . 
  if you decide to wait until the war is over and it never ends , then it is too late . 
  which is why there are currently negotiations with north african countries for deals , threats to put sanctions on north african nations . 
  as far as i know , and please correct me if i am wrong , the 2 year period exists so that a leaving country has time to negotiate new trade deals . 
  the two years are also for the uk to establish trade deals with other nations , so they do n't go out without any trading partners . 
   donald tusk even said the uk will need to go for a ` hard brexit ' which means cutting ties with the eu entirely . 
  i thought ` hard brexit ' means that the uk will leave the single market after the 2 year period , not that they would leave the eu without the 2 year period . 
  is there really ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  once article 50 will be used they will still be in the eu for at least 2 more years . 
  large parts of poland were controlled by germany or german states before ww2/ww1 . 
  most germans moved to germany after the territory was annexed by poland . 
  the ones who stayed should not be considered `` immigrants '' . 
  2.45 million kilo for 37500 $ per kilo !, 
  that is 91.875 billion dollars !, 
  with 60 million italiens that would be about 1500 $ per italien . 
  then why did you ask ? 
  i disagree that you give up `` a large chunk '' of your sov . 
  while being a member . 
  and yes , i do believe leaving will always be an option , sine every member state would have to agree to remove that option . 
  well you can always legally leave the eu again if they try to do something you dislike , therefore you do n't give up your sov . 
  germany is a federation of states , not a union of countries .
