he said israel should have sympathy for them and back them up in this . 
  they pulled a russia and took those lands injustly . 
  and still their help dont give them any right to do so . 
  also about migrants give some source . 
  i disagree . 
  3 million poor country would hardly help and we do feed kurds . 
  no one is dying because they are hungry or cold etc. 
  turkey wont go easy on a country that lay genocide claims on it . 
  yeah this is more true . 
  before israel we have always been well with them . 
  being a victim in somewhere doesnt justify your crimes . 
  actually turks had no issues with any jewish community/or with anythingy at all 100 years ago . 
  things went downhill since then . 
  turkey acting for its own and its allies benefits . 
  what do you expect ? 
  turkey . 
  haha : /, 
  all the games are made by different studios but ubisoft 's center ( headquarter ? ), 
  in france . 
  blizzard and ubisoft-france . 
  crytek-germany . 
  add to that there are too many syrian families living in construction sites and begging for money . 
  the main people/culture of an once powerful country . 
  we blame other for our bad situation , they blame for theirs . 
  solidarity in their fucked up way . 
  plurality of muslims hate isis . 
  mah original dota days :(, 
  if putin has balls , he should prove it by doing this . 
  please do a counter strike version of this ban . 
  i am turkish and heard his speech . 
  he says `` lady , quiet '' first then follows up by `` as a woman be quiet '' . 
  the word shut up is not used though . 
  you can fly over other people in international waters . 
  they got 49.8 %, 
  house prices are higher cause influx of arabs . 
  turkey is a big manufacturer of cars . 
  vat is unbelievable on them though . 
  you are right and wrong . 
  bread ( alimentation ) is not the only thing here . 
  phones , cars , estates got harder to buy . 
  everyone already has grudges aganist us . 
  it was never good . 
  not much has changed since then . 
  your vassals give up to the unlawful territory demand usually so no . 
  people going for cruel but willingful over weak but fair . 
  putin v2, 
  his alternatives are trump tier shills so wont happen . 
  he is menacing them, 
  you need 2/3 of the seats not just the majority . 
  mountain turks is a meme . 
  it doesnt say anything other then being muslim by the time of seljukian empire and they were within the turco-pers-arabian state/coalition . 
  races did n't matter back then . 
  they were given bigger lands at the time of selim to counter shia qizilbash influence . 
  i remember that . 
  that is how they are settled in east turkey . 
  youngs drinking new type of coffees while old drinking the turkish coffee . 
  not many hookah bars ( there isnt as much as you think ) . 
  checks out . 
  bring them on . 
   economics why do you do this :(, 
  sounds like typical turk . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  we are getting rid of schengens . 
  you can stop people when they coming from land . 
  on the sea they can claim that they are coming form anywhere . 
  please we all know they would kiss his feet and thank him . 
  yes they were alike dragons in skyrim . 
  if you dont get enough refugees , your young population will shrink and economy will go downhill . 
  we should help you asap, 
  turkey = usa, 
  if it there is enough proof it will probably . 
  it should . 
  there are somethings you dont know about like wine drinker ottoman rulers or opium/wine comparing ottoman poets . 
  this is playing it dirty , russian way . 
  not a good thing to be honest . 
  i mean there is other ways of dealing with them you know . 
  he was a monster . 
  if that is what you want to be go on . 
  this does n't make anyone better than any terrorist . 
  every dead terrorist might produce 2 more . 
  katowice = youngest audience you can find . 
  shallowest angle i have ever seen . 
  he is speaking american . 
  id say this is english biased . 
  first song feels like it has some insults aganist us . 
  you are right . 
  still i highly suspect they can sell us out any moment they feel like . 
  no trust whatsoever . 
  no one . 
  we do n't trust to anyone . 
  we are in nato but i dont think usa is our biggest ally . 
  we are not even a part of it . 
  weird right ? 
  means comrade in kurdish . 
  members of pkk call each other with that . 
  trying to spread lies about your own country does n't help anyone . 
  an average kurd wont . 
  a hewal would . 
  you are lower than that . 
  stop right there hewal .
