celtic and st pauli are infamously left-wing . 
  it would n't surprise me if their hooligans share similar opinions . 
  yeah well honestly i doubt we can find any statistics on this . 
  but i 'm pretty sure the majority of muslims enjoy music and are pretty materialist . 
  both are at best controversial and at worst forbidden in a caliphate . 
  it might be because most muslims i hang around with are ( saddam era ) iraqi or turkish . 
  granted they 've got their own problems , but they 're far from andy choudary problems . 
  really ? 
  the vast majority of muslims i know ( anecdotal i know ) have a vested interest in opposing a caliphate . 
  they either drink , smoke , use drugs , have casual sex , are materialist , gluttonous or enjoy music . 
  we 've corrupted them to a point turning to a caliphate would screw them over more than us . 
  i would n't worry so much . 
  not usually one to do these comparisons , but , you know , this kind of thinking was employed by people who argued jews ( with german names/looks/language / basically the same culture ) could never be truly german without converting to christianity . 
   now you take it a step further : following your line of thought , you 'd actually say even a converted german jew would 've been `` less german '' . 
  a hint : you 're not the first person thinking in that way . 
  oh boy did you catch me . 
  this is n't germany , your '' omg nationalism is literally hitler '' does n't effect me . 
   you 're linking ethnicity and genes to a white dutch identity , one that is a construct anyways . 
  no i 'm not , white people are n't inherently more dutch . 
  only the certain subset of white people that is dutch people , and even then i 'd argue that the descendants of indonesians are as dutch as i am . 
  considering their ancestors have been part of our empire for as long as my province has . 
   can spinoza be called dutch ? 
  was n't he ultimately from the middle east and therefore `` inherently less dutch '' ? 
  not just a dutchman . 
  so yes . 
   wait , what 's with the time before dutch people existed ? 
  they were just some germanic tribe . 
   did they just magically appear ? 
  they evolved . 
   so what were they before ? 
  ancestors of would be dutch people . 
   what made them dutch ? 
  geographical proximity . 
  history , not geographic proximity . 
  a german of all should know this . 
  you guys were [ scattered all over the place ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/german1910.png ) before the genocides and mass immigrations following the world wars . 
  not exactly geographically proximate . 
  well that 's how democracy works is n't it ? 
  i 'm responsible for the failures of the politicians i 've voted into office . 
  i do still hang my head a little lower for voting for the party that crashed the 2012 government . 
   an ethnic group ; a social group that shares a common and distinctive culture , religion , language , or the like : i 'm pretty sure ethnic groups are inherently tied to nationalities . 
  with a few stateless peoples of course . 
  a dutch senegalese is inherently less dutch than a dutchman . 
  we call them allochtonen , they 're essentially non-ethnic/cultural dutch . 
   and a dutch scumbag ... is less so becausee his ancestors collectively thrived ? 
  yes , someone being an idiot does n't disqualify his ethnicity . 
  nation states are pretty strong still . 
  there 's only a short amount of places where it is n't a preferred method of governing . 
  and somalia is n't really faring that well . 
  it 's your ancestors doing that gives you the right to be european . 
  are you not proud when your father or daughter achieves something great ? 
  because after all you share half of their genetic material . 
  it could even be argued that it was through the culture you create at home that it was they achieved such a thing . 
  and you deserve to be european because your ancestors are the ones that have lived and worked this land for centuries . 
  it 's not luck . 
  it is through their work that you became what you became . 
  if i pay 40 % of my income to keep this country going i think i deserve to have pride on what it achieves/achieved . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  if you were born a hour later you would 've still been dutch . 
  the truth is you would 've either been born dutch or not at all . 
  your ancestors have probably lived here for hundreds of years . 
  the genes you carry are of those who 've lived here for thousands of years . 
  it 's not like some divine entity flipped a coin and decided you would born dutch instead of some african in the kongo . 
  are they public owned beaches ? 
  these people bring in boatloads of money . 
  a boost to the local economy is worth some appeasing . 
  they 're not changing our laws , they 're just asking us to give them an all male police team . 
  with the money these people bring in , i 'd dress the officers in fucking sandals and a keffiyeh if they wanted me to . 
  they 'll all be irrelevant once the oil runs dry anyways . 
  let them have their fun and us our money . 
  talk to all the idiots who come over here to celebrate carnaval ( or in their case an excuse to crossdress ) . 
  calling us limbawean , limbo or just my favourite a condescending , boer , with which they essentially mean retard . 
  but do n't worry , they 'll call you the same thing if you live outside of the randstad . 
  maybe they do n't hate us , but they 're condescending , annoying twats . 
  every single time limburg is mentioned they 'll resort to mockery . 
  not to mention they actually act shocked when i then dare respond with equal hostility , because it was just a joke . 
  not any more :(, 
  we do n't , you do . 
  just because someone from utrecht or groningen does n't care does n't mean none of us do . 
  limburgers will get offended . 
  it 's not silly . 
  we 're a separate people , separate dialect , separate culture . 
  wow , you literally just triggered me . 
  shut up is ablest towards people that have tourette 's and literally ca n't shut up . 
  you should use more appropriate ways of disagreement such as the reversed jazz hands . 
  anarchism can be both , but usually anarchism in these people 's minds is `` true '' communism . 
  a stateless and classless society . 
  well seriously then , does she speak proper dutch ? 
  and even if she does . 
  she might just look turkish . 
  right , that 's all well and good but this is / r/europe . 
  idc about how shit is done in america , if you wan na discuss how you treat mexicans go to / r/politics . 
  is she also 1/24th cherokee ? 
  alrighty then , what 're you doing to help illegal mexicans in your area ? 
  do you think them in ? 
  do you give them your money ? 
  i mean why wait for legislature to pass so you can force others to give them money and shelter . 
  i do n't think you practice what you preach . 
  i think you vote sanders and leave it at that . 
   the concept of `` taking our jobs '' or `` lazy immigrants stealing our benefits '' is very little more than a myth .
