  and it 's really good to hear some good news from that region for once, 
  in czech rep. you have a portrait of our current president in every classroom . 
  it 's not mandatory , but it is a tradition, 
  it 's a joke based on the fact , that zeman made up an article which was supposed to be written by peroutka and made him look like a nazi supporter ( which he was not , he was sent to dachau and buchenwald for his opinions and articles about hitler ) . 
  so someone made a graffiti under a bridge in brno with ( obviously ) made up quote by ferdinand peroutka `` milo\u0161 zeman is a cunt '' . 
  if president can lie and refuse to apologize ( even though he even lost in a courtroom , when grand daughter of ferdinand peroutka sued him for defamation and judge ordered him to apologize ) well so can we . 
  oops i made a mistake in the title . 
  he really is ferdinand , not franti\u0161ek, 
  right there with you . 
  it 's just a minority though , i do n't think some iv\u010crn and okamura nutbags are representation of our society . 
  or at least i hope, 
  nah , people here are crazy for no reason . 
  we will have trouble to fill our own quota set by our government to take in two thousand refugees , because nobody actually wants to live here , but that wo n't stop majority of our society to be all up in arms against refugees . 
  it 's pathetic, 
   poor man aww poor little neo-nazi man , my heart is breaking for him, 
  exactly . 
  you know what kind of problems with muslims our country had in last year ? 
  none . 
  but you know what we had ? 
  multiple attacks on muslims , or even just on women who were wearing a scarf and just `` looked muslim '' because we apparently do n't even have enough muslims to attack so we need to imagine some . 
  i 'm not afraid of muslims , i 'm much more concerned about our own society and how fucking nuts lot of people had become . 
  mass hysteria is a scary thing, 
  anything that would demand any kind of participation from our part in regards of eu is met with disregard from our government . 
  whether it was our stance on war in ukraine or refugee crisis . 
  our stance was always `` in the middle '' , lets not do anything , let somebody else resolve this instead of us , we do n't want spend any resources whether it would be money or otherwise . 
  we are piss poor excuse for a country let alone for some kind of ally . 
  we do n't mind taking billions from eu fonds , but when we should take few thousands refugees in our country , that 's suddenly a problem . 
  we do n't mind being part of nato but when we should take clear approach against russia 's involvement in ukraine , we suddenly trying to be switzerland , because we have business with russia . 
  i 'm fucking sick of it . 
  i want to be part of western world , not to act like we are here , but not really because it would cost us . 
  you are being downvoted , but you are right , our government is full of hypocrites, 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge buddy, 
  well if you think this is `` ridiculous '' then maybe you are the one who should seek help buddy, 
  this happened just a few hours ago so there are no news sources about it , if they will be i 'll let you know . 
  this happened just a few hours ago so there are no news sources about it , if they will be i 'll let you know . 
  i think i explained well what i have a problem with , if you ca n't think of cohesive argument against it , than do n't participate in this discussion . 
  if i wanted to hear how i 'm supposed to take immigrants to my home and shit like this , i 'd stay on facebook, 
  wow great argument man, 
  it 's in [ czech though ] ( https://scontent-vie1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/12074938_564169987064546_6280998032241323259_n.jpg?oh=45bf0e58903c6cbe76b339c7cb0c273f&amp;oe=569106af ), 
  where ? 
  no , i was arguing the exact opposite . 
  i was trying to point out how ridiculous this all is , by giving the same example with your own country . 
  now , just note how people are being so extremely defensive about it , when it is something that concern themselves . 
  so if you do n't find it fair regarding to your nation , maybe you should consider that it 's equally not fair in regards of 1.5 billion muslims around the world . 
   you 're holding slovakians collectively responsible . 
  i 'm sure glad that nobody here is holding muslims collectively responsible, 
  so what are we talking about here ? 
  i thought it was about perception of homosexuality among muslims vs. perception of homosexuality among slovaks . 
  not about institutionalized persecution of homosexuals in saudi arabia and bunch of third world african countries . 
  and while most of slovaks would n't go as far to make homosexuality illegal ( because slovakia is n't a third world country in middle of africa ) still only 19 % percent of slovaks would be in favor of same sex marriage . 
  34 % said homosexuality should n't be accepted by society at all . 
  i just think the lgbt rights is something that western world struggle to this day and it 's still far from what it should be . 
  are we really the ones who should be act like a holier than thou examples of equality for all ? 
  because we sure as hell are n't . 
  just sixty years ago britain had the same laws as all those muslims countries today , people were going to prison for being gay . 
  and sixty years is not so long ago , it was only in recent years when being gay stopped being a stigma to some degree . 
  so if we could just dropped this attitude , how great , fair and mighty we are towards homosexuals that would be great . 
  yeah and i pointed out something about slovakia , so what ? 
  how what he 's saying is okay and what i 'm saying is not ? 
  they are basically the same examples , based on that referendum i could very easily said that slovakia is one of the most homophobic countries in europe and you do n't find it ridiculous to criticize muslims for something that your own country is guilty of ? 
  zeman is the worst president this country ever had by a long shot . 
  he 's just lying populist and demagogue , nothing else . 
  i 'm really embarrassed that this is how my country is represented here, 
  i singled out one country , because the comenter was slovak and i find it quite hypocritical to criticize muslims for being homophobic when your own nation is n't particularly better in this regard . 
  you obviously did n't get what i was trying to point out . 
  i have no problem with criticizing my own country , but i was n't the one saying that muslims are bunch of homophobes, 
  is this supposed to be a competition ? 
   61 % of respondents agreed with the statement that homosexuality is wrong and should be illegal . 
  92 % of slovaks voted against the adoption of children by homosexual couples in a referendum earlier this year . 
  just saying, 
   80 % these numbers are so arbitrary . 
  i swear everyday i see different number varying from 20 % to 90 % . 
  it does n't mean anything anymore . 
  cite your sources or do n't spread misinformation, 
  i was thinking about this a lot and i think eastern european countries have different mentality and something like this wo n't happen here on a bigger scale . 
  sure we have different kind of crazy here , but czechs for example have absolute disdain for censorship reinforced by 40 years of communism and since censorship is big part of far left liberalism i do n't see this movement to go very well here . 
  also i 'm living in somewhat liberal circles , i probably consider myself liberal and nobody i know is cheering for this kind of far left extremist attitude . 
  people here are more laid back and using common sense , which is something that some students in usa or britain are apparently lacking . 
  it 's also probably a lot about parenting and the way children are treated and nurtured in western world , there is an [ excellent article ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/the-coddling-of-the-american-mind/399356/#disqus_thread ) about the subject of american campuses and how fucked up the culture there had become . 
  this kind of parenting as shown bellow is not common around here  many baby boomers and gen xers can remember riding their bicycles around their hometowns , unchaperoned by adults , by the time they were 8 or 9 years old . 
  in the hours after school , kids were expected to occupy themselves , getting into minor scrapes and learning from their experiences . 
  but `` free range '' childhood became less common in the 1980s . 
  the surge in crime from the \u201960s through the early \u201990s made baby boomer parents more protective than their own parents had been . 
  stories of abducted children appeared more frequently in the news , and in 1984 , images of them began showing up on milk cartons . 
  in response , many parents pulled in the reins and worked harder to keep their children safe . 
   the flight to safety also happened at school . 
  dangerous play structures were removed from playgrounds ; peanut butter was banned from student lunches . 
  after the 1999 columbine massacre in colorado , many schools cracked down on bullying , implementing `` zero tolerance '' policies . 
  in a variety of ways , children born after 1980 -- the millennials -- got a consistent message from adults : life is dangerous , but adults will do everything in their power to protect you from harm , not just from strangers but from one another as well . 
   so it 's not hard to imagine why students arriving on campus today might be more desirous of protection and more hostile toward ideological opponents than in generations past . 
  this hostility , and the self-righteousness fueled by strong partisan emotions , can be expected to add force to any moral crusade . 
  a principle of moral psychology is that `` morality binds and blinds . '' part of what we do when we make moral judgments is express allegiance to a team . 
  but that can interfere with our ability to think critically . 
  acknowledging that the other side 's viewpoint has any merit is risky -- your teammates may see you as a traitor . 
  i have a feeling that our government representatives might do something similar , because their english is absolutely atrocious to a degree where even our national media are making fun of it . 
  [ here 's our pm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_tuejw30ay ) and [ `` president '' ] ( https://youtu.be/phxvhjublyw?t=2m13s ), 
  it 's 24/7 bar . . it 's interesting at times, 
   and it is common i 'm not sure where you live , but i saw a gun on a civilian only once in my lifetime and that was some drunk russian guy in a non stop bar . 
  otherwise i do n't know anyone who would carry a weapon around here, 
  it 's a nice tractor though,
