there is a saying in my country `` for every swine there is a water boiling '' . 
  i think it fits nicely here, 
  that 's a myth . 
  it 's a combination of education - sweeden women actually go to the police when they 've been raped ( in czech rep. the percentage of reported rapes is about 8 % which is absolutely mind boggling ) and different legislation . 
  see http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-19592372, 
  false rape reports are on the same levels as false reports of any other crime, 
  did they ? 
  because i was listening to tsipras and his winning speech , and boy do i remember this communist rhetoric about working class quite vividly from my country . 
  i do n't think even syriza itself is trying to hide the fact that they are communists , i 'm not sure why people here are so offended when somebody say it . 
  what are you saying ? 
  that nazis and communists are not extremists ? 
  it 's why they call it far right and far left . 
  they are both on the extremes of political spectrum . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  it 's a simple observation , syriza is neo-marxist party , you have also communist party and golden dawn in your parliament and this add up to more than half of your parliament . 
  majority of greeks are obviously trying to find solution to their problems in extremism and/or parties which offers easy solutions . 
  it might be understandable why would people do this during the time of crisis , but i think it 's time to wake up . 
  no european state have neo-nazi party in their parliament . 
  this says a lot about greece as a country when communist and fascist are a majority of your parliament . 
  i think this is what is missing from the conversation . 
  what the actual people who are fleeing from their country have to say . 
  lot of people have some strong opinions about this crisis , some i would say do n't even take them for human beings , which i find really alarming to be honest . 
  because they are all human beings with their own story and lot of people i know fail to realize this . 
  maybe if people knew what is going on right now in syria , iraq or afghanistan , maybe they would have more understanding of these refugees . 
  i usually dislike what femen 's doing , but this is fucking great . 
  i hope this story pick up some traction and stir up a debate how it 's actually possible to held a conference about when beating your women is okay . 
  i 'm not the one to flat out hate on islam , but this shit just is n't okay . 
  it 's not exactly xenophobic if you have past experiences with said country and god knows that eastern europe have fair share of history with russia . 
  also on hyza 's site there 's an [ ad with some cartoon characters in a crossed circle with a sign `` immigrants '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vrhz0kw.jpg ) under it . 
  i guess this was some kind a joke ? 
  but i 'm willing to bet they 'll took it down in next couple of hours . 
  edit : i get it now . 
  the ad is about hyza selling true slovakian quality chickens and when you go to www.imigranti.sk it will tell you how are you supposed to ask for the origin of the chicken , because foreign ( unlabeled ) chickens are of low quality in comparison to their slovakian chicken . 
  i hope this will backfire nicely to their faces , because basing advertisement on human tragedy is beyond fucking stupid, 
  so , your solution is ? 
  maybe europian countries should start to play dirty with russia as well . 
  it is now clear , that putin does n't give a shit about any sanctions or political dialogue . 
  so let 's learn from what he does and let 's play the same game with him . 
  also eu should completely isolate this fucking shithole of any relations of both political and business nature . 
  they either start to act as a 1st world country , or they will fall apart . 
  there 's no other way , this behavior just ca n't continue without any serious reprecautions, 
  [ what ? 
  i do n't see what this have to do with what i was saying, 
  i do n't blame them one bit . 
  but i think it 's kinda sad and disgusting that this is the result of terrorism . 
  but they were basically alone in this . 
  so let me get this straight , germany is basically giving greece billions of euros to save their lazy asses and greeks hate germany . 
  okay , makes sense . 
  sure , i 'm not opposing to the idea of varoufakis 's ama , but the idea that he should be spared of criticism or negativity ( that 's how i understood this comment anyway ), 
  i 'm sorry , does the banks held greece to a gunpoint while lending them more money ? 
  was it the banks fault that greece lied their way into eurozone ? 
  nope . 
  greece needs to take their responsibility and stop acting like it 's everyone else 's fault but theirs . 
  it is n't . 
  and varoufakis and rest of his group should stop acting like it 's up to rest of the eu members to pay their debt . 
  there 's this thing called figure of speech, 
  he would only reap what he sow . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what varoufakis did , that should earn him my respect . 
  to me he 's only arrogant neo-marxist asshole that thought rest of europe should pay greece 's debts for them . 
  on the other hand , you have trains for free / s, 
   i highly doubt people vote cdu based on their religious convictions that might be so , but that does n't change the fact that [ family politics ] ( https://www.cdu.de/grundsatzprogramm ) and marriage as a partnership of man and a woman is a core value for cdu . 
  it should n't be exactly surprising to anyone who vote for christian democratic party . 
  the notion of marriage is one of their core values ( anywhere in europe really ) . 
  if gay marriage is important issue for you , you should n't vote for cdu . 
  pretty safe . 
  you need to have gun licence to obtain a gun . 
  obtaining a licence is n't just a formality , you have to go through both theoretical and practical testing as well as medical tests . 
  obviously you ca n't have a criminal record or have a mental illness and stuff like that . 
  well . . this surely help the eu immigration plan being more accepted in member states . 
  i do n't understand how akp and erdogan can be so popular in turkey . 
  i do n't understand why would anyone willingly vote for living in authoritarian state that just might turn into dictatorship if akp wins . 
  is there a norseman that could say how is this case perceived in norway ? 
  there is lot of hate towards norway from czech general public considering this case . 
  i 'm trying to stay impartial , because what mich\u00e1lkovic family is saying just does n't make any sense to me . 
  i really doubt that norway cps have any motivation to take children from healthy family for no reason . 
  i read somewhere that there might have been child molestation involved from father 's side , but the court have n't find enough evidence . 
  i get that cps are under strict `` no comment '' rule , and i get why , but this really deserves some clarification i would have thought . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not for direct democracy either , because people are stupid for the most part . 
  it sounds like i 'm condescending , but it is the sad truth . 
  this only promotes government full of populists . 
  it works for switzerland because they have long history with this kind of system , people are used to it and probably care for their public affairs more than any other average voter in any other country . 
  but take this system and put it in any other country in europe and i guarantee you that things would fall apart, 
  i did css layout for / r/nin where i am also a moderator , so i am somewhat familiar with it , although i would n't say i 'm nowhere near a professional , but i can find what i need regarding css . 
  i do n't have experience with automod , but i am willing to learn 1 . 
  gmt +1 , throughout the day really . 
  i like the more focused topics on issues that are close to me . 
  i have some experience with modding , i have the time currently, 
  i read somewhere that greece shall have a plan for saving their economy till thursday . 
  so i guess that 's it, 
  i can understand this sentiment , but some people are born travellers . 
  i see nothing wrong with it ; they did take precautions , hence the police escort . 
  http://respekt.ihned.cz/fokus/c1-63760580-stastne-doma czech government denied they would pay any ransom , although they did negotiate about it . 
  various sources cite , that it was mainly the families incentive to contact ihh . 
  it is a long time ago so i might be wrong , but i think the travel advice was set only after they got kidnapped there . 
  but even if it was before , that 's no reason to just abandoned them, 
  tl ; dr of the story : these girls went to a trip to pakistan 2 years ago , they went through a region that was under control of al-qaeda and even though they had a police escort , they got kidnapped . 
  our government did literally nothing to free those two apart from talking . 
  al-qaeda released a video a year ago where antonie and hana were saying what the conditions of their release were ( they want to exchange them for some al-qaeda prisoner ) and again , nothing was done , people kinda forget about them and today , out of the blue , they were released . 
  this is a miracle to me honestly , i thought they would never get out of there .
