well , agriculture is one of the biggest parts of the state 's economy . 
  and there is a significant proportion of people with scandinavian ancestry , similar to the dakotas and minnesota . 
  so , literally , it 's one of the places that scandinavians left `` the norwegian countries '' to farm . 
  norway , ironically , actually a world leader in combining electricity and cars . 
  first country in the world to sell more electric/hybrid cars than petrol/diesel in a month , i think . 
  i would buy it more if turkey was n't there , i would really buy it if turkey and the arabian peninsula was n't there . 
  with turkey , eurasia is pretty much a big ass triangle and nothing 's really sticking out of anything . 
  europe definitely does n't look as definitively jutted out and peninsula like as iberia and italy do . 
  so yes while theoretically i can see how someone could argue it , i just do n't really see why they would except to really enforce the line between europe and asia , which in my mind is pretty much arbitrary , geographically . 
  i think you read `` not a single continent '' when they said `` not a peninsula '' . 
  the concept of eurasia is n't dependent on the european part being classed as a peninsula . 
  yeah , not so much a criticism ( we all see something different to what we actually wrote occasionally ) and more a heads up as to why you were getting a chain of people disagreeing , 
  i do n't think you 're writing what you think you 're writing . 
  you 've basically written :  it can get quite boring for young people . 
  this , for me ( as one of the aforementioned young persons ) is a negative . 
  that implies that * every * young person ( or a majority ) finds it boring because there 's no nightlife , which is where you 're getting arguments from your fellow young things going `` hold on , no '' . 
  i think you 're trying to say :  i found it boring compared to large cities like seoul where young people participate in a more vibrant , exciting nightlife . 
  not cockwomble ? 
  terraced houses and semi-detached houses in british english . 
  you forgot the bit where he threw his backing behind the leave campaign , and not because he thought it was a good idea . 
  he was going to spearhead the leave campaign , let them lose narrowly , force the pm to resign ( because the majority of conservative voters voted leave so a remain pm would be untenable ) then , hey , what a surprise , guess who 's frontrunner to be the new pm ? 
  in terms of repugnant behaviour , taking an entire country out of the eu for personal political gain has to be pretty up there . 
  i thought they were the northwestern european archipelago or something equally torturous and full of syllables ? 
  personally , i do n't give * much * of a shit but if we 're replacing it i 'd prefer it not to sound like we 're doing a 1000 word essay and run out of things to say at 789 words . 
  there 'll be a fancy new phone in that for that price , that 's not sim only . 
  if you want the newest iphone or samsung rolled in and yearly phone upgrades , that 's a reasonable price . 
  sim only for me is # 18 ( $ 20 / $ 23 ) a month for unlimited calls/texts and 30gb data on a 12 month contract , though i 'll probably drop to 10gb data and get something that 's more # 12 ( $ 13.60 / $ 15.50 ) . 
  ( just lost my # 15 a month unlimited everything deal annoyingly ) whether or not i stick with 3 is going to depend a bit on whether the free roaming charges become a brexit victim , or whether we stay part of that agreement once we 're out in a couple of years time . 
  not really . 
  you wear the hoody while you 're at uni but i would n't wear it now i 've left . 
  oxford v cambridge is always a big rivalry - boat race etc. 
  and if you 're from the `` old '' university in the city and a bit of a snob then you might look down on the `` newer '' universities . 
  but again , unless you 're oxford or cambridge , then that stops once you hit the real world . 
  otherwise it just dictates a little bit of who i 'd like to win university challenge . 
  i feel a fondness for the city itself , but i lived there for four years . 
  mine sends me begging letters for money every so often . 
  he takes the bins out , because that 's a boy 's job . 
  we 're not using it to build houses though . 
  and in the places where we build houses , we 're not improving infrastructure , so the roads get increasingly awful , and we 're not building new classrooms or new schools . 
  it 's a lot easier to blame the visibly different people with the weird accents than to try to unpick why those are happening , to try and reconcile the completing needs of housing , agriculture and environmental concerns ( environmental concerns both from an ideological viewpoint of saving threatened ecologies and species , and from the practical viewpoint of `` oh shit we just concreted a floodplain and now the water is in my house '' ) we are a small overcrowded country in england . 
  and with more and more people living in smaller and smaller households , the pressure on housing is increasing without population expansion . 
  plus chronic underfunding of the healthcare system at a point in time when healthcare is becoming more and more expensive as technologies advance . 
  it 's complicated , and it fits more into a bitesize chunk to say `` my kid did n't get a school place , but the romanian kids did , and i ca n't afford a house , but they have a roof over their head '' . 
  and it 's hard to argue that immigrants bring more into the country economically than they take out when that 's abstract but trekking 20 minutes in the wrong direction twice a day for your kid 's school is really . 
  tl ; dr we 're idiots . 
  there 's constant talk of wolves being reintroduced to scotland and several sites have been identified as trial sites . 
  reintroduction would probably involve compensation for their main reason for being hunted , so if you have a crofting business you would be reimbursed financially for your loss of lambs . 
  sea eagles , another apex predator , have also been reintroduced in scotland ( also lamb killers ) . 
  beavers have been reintroduced to scotland , and live quite happily as a reintroduced colony through devon ( exmoor/dartmoor are pretty wild ) boar escaped from farms , and have effectively reintroduced themselves to england . 
  the peaks , the lakes , northumbria , devon , cornwall and the fens are all areas of england that could be suitable for the reintroduction of various species . 
  a lot of those are wishlists , rather than actual plans . 
  for example , the large herbivores would only even be considered after considerable reforestation , as they 're species that kill trees and create grasslands . 
  while the two of you are talking about two different entities ( england vs uk ) and it 's true that most of the uk 's wilderness is not in england . 
  ( with the exception of the beavers and the escapee wild boar , which have flourished rural england ) . 
  but . 
  i think we need to remember that the post-industrial environment is not the same as the pre-industrial landscape , and be careful . 
  the already-present species ought to take priority over the ones being reintroduced . 
  the species that have been or are being reintroduced are ones that we 've lost post 1700 - ie agricultural revolution onwards . 
  that 's sort of no time at all . 
  i think we 'd need to be horrifically cautious if we 're talking about reintroducing something like a lynx that has n't been seen in the uk in a millennia . 
  do n't forget the game, 
  at the minute i feel like they 're an idiot chamber filled with cockwombles who could n't find their arse with two hands and a map . 
  we 're doing a great demonstration of just how insane you have to be to vote to leave the eu . 
   i have no idea what may is thinking . 
  `` shit . 
  shit . 
  i wish a wheat field was my biggest problem . '', 
  no , it shows that a leftist , socialist party can lose just as bad as the blairite labour party did in 2010 !, 
  but functionally for day-to-day governing - budgets , laws etc - sinn fein 's increase in seats ( 4 in 2015 to 7 today ) reduces the number of mps needed for a majority from 326 to 321 . 
  and with the tories on 318 ( and will be 319 once kensington finally declares ) , they 're only short of a majority by 2 . 
  even if sinn fein voted on brexit , the tories + dup would have 329 , an outright majority , and could defeat a coalition of everyone else . 
  shock edit : kensington is going labour . 
  wt actual f. 
  open university are starting to offer free intro courses online , as well as their more traditional approach through openlearn . 
  [ futurelearn ] ( https://www.futurelearn.com/about-futurelearn ) is their pay-to-play commercial arm , and they offer courses in partnership with universities worldwide all the way up to postdoc . 
  for uk specific curriculums , bbc bitesize are what i used to use a lot when i was at school . 
  they 're midlands places . 
  i can only assume that they were competing with wales next door . 
  well , okay . 
  that 's actually a lot less likely to go down in flames !, 
  i do n't think they were expecting that attack from that specific person . 
  more that , probably for the reasons you say , they were expecting that type of attack from somewhere . 
  manchester was a shock . 
  this was someone slipping through a hole that everyone knew was there . 
  plz can we get brexit over before we start a civil war in northern ireland ? 
  one thing at a time . 
  the way i see it , we knew last night was coming . 
  after manchester , the security services said `` oh wow , we were expecting a low tech attack with cars and knives '' well , here it is . 
  's - hertogenbosch what is even going on at the beginning of that . 
  can confirm : deutschland 83 is pretty good . 
  although it 's worth pointing out that it 's one of the first to be aired on a big channel with a big potential audience so it had a bit of a head start . 
  half the american series are stuffed to the brim with brits pretending to be american anyway ... house , homeland ... 
  i would say that cricket is easier for kids to play in the street , but the lack of fta coverage has killed it as a professional sport to watch as a spectator . 
  whereas the rugby world cup/six nations always seems like an event . 
  135,895 people were recorded as saying they spoke polish at home during the 2016 census . 
  you 're looking at single-nationality polish nationals from the * 2011 * census , i believe ( so excluding all the dual nationals and from 6 years ago ) sadly , they only asked that for foreign languages ( french was second at 56,000 ) but 135,000 people who use polish as a household language perhaps compares the best to the 76,000 who speak irish on a daily basis . 
  half a million of them never speak it , and up to a further half a million of use it infrequently . 
  even if they were functional at one point , they 're either not functional now or they shortly wo n't be . 
  that only leaves you 700,000 people that speak at least one word of irish weekly or more . 
  l2 languages , use them or lose them .
