  why ? 
  are they simply only * pretending * to try to keep them in turkey ( and getting money for this act ) or is there some other reason ? 
  the mythical european values , i 'm getting tired of this borderline meaningless term ... anyway , we can always change them , whatever they are supposed to be . 
  did he apply in greece ? 
   afghan children held signs begging macedonian authorities to `` please help us cross border . '', 
  yes , they 'll surely win our hearts by trying to manipulate us . 
   so a new democracy should start out by taking on almost it 's entire population in refugees and collapse back into anarchy ? 
  that 's preferable towards allowing refugees into europe ? 
  we should help them financially and take some of the refugees , together with the usa , russia , japan or canada . 
  but i prefer them collapsing over open borders . 
  because open borders would mean 1mil refugees +10 mil economic migrants . 
  also , we should not take much more per capita then the usa . 
   alright let 's say that one first travels to yemen . 
  given the current situation yemen is likely to fall in the next few years if not given significant amounts of help . 
  does that mean that once people start leaving yemen they will be refused entry ? 
  is europe willing to donate billions to keep yemen upright ? 
  what i 'd say should happen is that if it gets bad , countries around the world should take refugees directly from the asylum camps there ( or help them so it does n't get bad ) . 
  look at the big picture . 
  whenever there 's some conflict , a catastrophe or poverty somewhere in africa , do you think europe is somehow responsible to allow those people in ? 
   do you think that the current situation is yemen is a good idea ? 
  i like it better than open borders to eu . 
  i do n't feel obliged to solve their problems . 
   so we love our fellow humans until there are 250k + of them , if a crisis exceeds this number that we stop helping . 
  we just prefer our well-being to somebody elses . 
  you need to look at the alternative - millions of people flooding europe . 
  and 250k is already much more than what the usa takes . 
  it 's not our reaponsibility to be the nicest guy in the world . 
   that sounds kinda discriminatory well , it is , but your using the argument `` this is [ vague word with negative connotations ] therefore it 's wrong '' . 
  this is usually very inaccurate or wrong line of thinking ( same thing with islamophobia ) . 
  discrimination is not inherently wrong . 
   that sounds like a good idea , currently every country taking it 's own course means that nobody takes responsibility . 
  true but it 's because the proposed joint solutions are unacceptable to many countries . 
   most of the once even those who arived in europe trough safe countries have not yet been granted an asylum yet . 
  and if we implement this law what happens to those who have been given asylum in say yemen if that country begins to topple ? 
  we talk about turkey but yemen has taken on far more refugees and is not likely to fall unless a lot of aid is sent to them . 
  will the refugees there be refused asylum ? 
  not sure i understand your point ... 
  a ) from their behavior , looks and by asking them . 
  not perfect but pretty accurate results . 
  generally this could be a `` cultural compatibility '' rule , it does n't have to be specific . 
  b ) they will wait in a deportation camp until syria is safe . 
  with this prospect , the boats will stop coming . 
  you 're right , but germany is pushing the `` we must be nice '' line of thinking . 
  ok , i 'm pro-eu in a strictly utilitarian sense , meaning that some level of coordination is beneficial to european countries . 
  but i 'm very sceptical about the current state of the eu , including german-led migration policies . 
  we can help them operate the camps in turkey or lebanon . 
  we 'll already be doing more than the usa for example , who have a 90k yearly asylum limit ( and we 're doing doubly more considering that usa bears a lot of responsibility for the mess ) . 
  another point is , we 're do n't have to be nice to people who are often very rude and disrespectful and in many cases contempt our values . 
  profited somewhat , definitely not massively . 
  and why `` thanks '' to poland ? 
  you see being pro-eu as some form of expressing gratitude to germany ? 
  finally we 're best at something . 
   greece is a border country , we do not know how they got there . 
  no , we do know , we can be approximately 100 % sure they got there from turkey if they arrived on an inflatable boat . 
   legally we have to stay on the side of cautious . 
  no , we do n't . 
  you know what would ( legally ) happen if we decided not to give them asylums because we 're pretty sure they came from turkey ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
   also this only moves the problem . 
  let 's say for a moment that the first country that anyone crosses is the one that a person has to stay in . 
  you 're right and this shows the problem with considering human rights laws as some holy truth . 
  they should be considered as high-level guidelines and values , not as a clear cut truth . 
  it 's just a bunch of things that a bunch of guys voted for several decades ago . 
  so what 's the solution ? 
  i think we should : - help to operate the refugee camps in turkey etc. 
  - give asylums to let 's say 250k people per year , taking cultural similarity ( prefer atheists , christians , very liberal muslims ) , education and their specific situation into account . 
  and redistribute them in the eu . 
  - and most importantly , automatically refuse asylums to people who enter the eu without already having granted an asylum or having a visa . 
  put these illegal immigrants into facilities where they would wait for deportation . 
  there 's probably a way to do this at least somewhat-legally . 
  if there is n't , ignore the asylum laws , no one gives a fuck anyway . 
   legally we all agreed that people from war torn countries have a right to enter into europe . 
  including syrians who got to europe through a safe country ? 
   your politicians know exactly what they are doing the notion that they do n't needs to be dispeled . 
   for those who did n't get it . 
  sweden has outclassed , and will continue to do so in terms of economic prowess compared to the rest of europe for many years to come . 
  source ? 
  ( looking for numbers adjusted for population growth . ), 
  nice , the reverse psychology worked !, 
   the meeting is at 5 , my place . 
  bring knives . 
  where ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  we 're fine with for example ukrainians or syrian christians . 
   so , you would be against a huge part of europeans . 
  we have freedom of religion . 
  people have the right to have their religion and do not be discriminated because of it . 
  ( of course , it does n't mean they can enforce their religion upon the others , neither their religion is free from criticism ) . 
  no , i 'm ok with christians , they believe in bullshit , but nobody 's perfect . 
  looking at the whole picture , an average christian immigrant is less of a risk ( economical , social ) to a country , they 're culturally similar , less backwards than muslims . 
  one reason why i do n't want significant muslim immigration to my country is that they tend to create a separate group in the society with distinct way of thinking , views and aims compared to the general population . 
  they often primarily identify as muslims , not as whatever their nationality is . 
  would you be completely ok if let 's say 75 % of your country was muslim in a few decades ? 
   i just curious if you see something in eastern countries that would support the views of some western europeans . 
  well , one thing that annoys me about ukrainians here is that they tend to be loud at night . 
  also i heard people in the uk complain about poles stealing their jobs . 
   that would mean christianity would be also a false belief . 
  that would be correct . 
   so , you 're eastern europe is n't enough civilized ? 
  depends on what parts on what do you mean by enough civilized .
