  violence , rape and criminal behavior in general in refugee centers . ), 
  in western countries , religion is dying , very few young people are religious . 
  the migration wave is very relevant to the attacks : - current policy means that any isis-er can easily get here . 
  eu has open borders for any terrorist . 
  - more muslims -  higher probability of terrorist attacks in the future . 
  let 's do this reddit . 
   what about finding a job ? 
  making a career ? 
  providing a role model for their kids to follow , so that they study well in school and go on to make a good life for themselves ? 
  is n't that important in terms of assimilation ? 
  yes it is , i did n't list all of the aspects of european culture , just a random sample . 
   where do you think people are supposed to learn of these european values and virtues when they are living in segregated communities ? 
  the main problem is that they do n't want to . 
  they typically want to keep their values and mentality . 
  and try hard to prevent their kids from accepting the mainstream culture and values . 
   by the way , i just want to point that many of those sentiments you pointed out were part of european culture some decades ago . 
  some of them . 
  some of them hundreds of years ago . 
  and a significant portion never . 
  ( i mean aspects of muslim culture in general , not just the examples i mentioned . ), 
  converting to european culture - homosexuality is not a sin , having a girlfriend is ok , letting your daughter wear a skirt is ok , not being antisemitic , etc. 
  i could continue for a while . 
  that 's clearly a conspiracy !, 
  lol , that 's a great gif . 
  no , the shows goes on , germany will welcome 2 million economic refugees next year , merkel is unstoppable . 
  that 's really sad and disheartening . 
  besides the terrorists , i also partly blame the people responsible for eu 's and france 's security policy of `` let anyone in '' . 
  about a month ago i 've seen an interview with an ex-general of our army - he said that the eu is handling the refugee crisis terribly from a security perspective by not having control who gets in , we basically have open borders . 
  could n't agree more , this is unprecedented in recent history and a big failure of the eu . 
  people who have capital or who ca n't be replaced by machines . 
  this argument `` give people money so that they will buy our stuff '' does n't make much sense . 
  overall production will decrease in the antiutopic scenario but real wealth of the rich guys will increase . 
  some examples are competetive debating , programming , mathematics , stand-up ( as in comedy ) etc. 
  what about competetive programming , is that a sport too ? 
  or graphic design competitions ? 
  come back from the dark side orban !, 
  why stop there . 
  let 's make it v28 and ultimately v195 . 
  they do n't reject everyone, 
  lol , this is hilarious . 
  lol , i love ultra-liberal lingo , you can use it to justify anything . 
  not weird , he 's making fun of and exploiting the liberal justice system . 
   i believe that all of our laws are equal for all of us . 
  no , they 're certainly not , you could find plenty of counterexamples . 
  yes and more people should be . 
   to truly respect juman rights mean respecting even the rights of the worst monster put there . 
  that raises the question whether we should always respect human rights . 
   eastern european countries do n't know what a pluralist society is what is it and why should we want it ? 
  - they are largely unskilled and uneducated . 
  - at least in theory , they are asylum seekers who are expected to return back home . 
  in theory , they did n't come here to work - they are fleeing war in a thirl world country . 
  - you ca n't compare eu migrants and third world migrants , there 's a huge difference . 
  as far as i can remember , in netherlands , polish people have lower unemployment than native dutch . 
  minorities from africa and middle east have the highest unemployment . 
  - if those migrants are really good for the economy , i 'd expect countries to fight for them . 
  instead , they 're bribing turkey , egypt , liberia to keep them out . 
  controlled immigration may help the economy . 
  what 's happening right now most likely wo n't . 
  i hate to say it but i 'm starting to think that this is a necessary evil . 
  be nice to immigrants = they will flood you . 
  or catapult . 
   i am so sorry to all western european bros and especially hungary and slovenia hungary and slovenia can into we !, 
  but seriously , i appreciate it , most croats commenting on / r/europe about this had a pretty weird attutide along the lines of `` lol , haha , we smuggled them to ya country , * middle finger * '' . 
  did n't really understand this . 
  it 's obvious sarcasm . 
  lol , this is so true . 
  thanks , i learn new things every day . 
  will edit my comment above . 
   344 staff to guard the eu sea border ? 
  ok , nevermind , * this * is ridiculous . 
  i could n't resist :d but ok , i 'll stop it , 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  free taxi . 
  never mind , forget it , it does n't matter . 
  why does n't frontex stop them ? 
  megaphone , warning shots , real shots . 
  edit : as / u/astalano pointed out below , it should be ~ ~ frontex ~ ~ border control . 
  apples and oranges . 
  - you will not get asylum if you get here illegally ( australia-like system ) . 
  - you can apply for asylum at special centers outside of eu borders , for example at refugee camps in turkey or lebanon . 
  - limit the number of asylums per year . 
  let 's be generous and make it twice as big per capita as in the usa . 
  - help them directly at the refugee camps in turkey etc. 
  ( well we finally started to do that , better late then never ) . 
  this is just a salami tactic that must be stopped at the beginning , before it transforms into permanent and ever-increasing quotas . 
  i 'm perfectly ok with 5000 refugees , ** if it 's a one-time thing ** . 
  but i think these quotas are meant as a first step to what merkel probably wants - an automatic redistribution system . 
  100 000 guys magically appear in italy ? 
  here , take 5 % of them . 
  edit : but whether i 'm racist depends on the definition of `` racist '' , it 's a vague word . 
  for example i believe that ashkenazi jews are genetically smarter than aboriginal australians - some people would say it 's racist . 
  well , i was too lazy to write `` it was forced by a majority of eu countries , but they were leadby germany , the loudest and most powerful supporter of quotas '' - but of course you 're free to believe that this is just an excuse and that it was a purposeful lie . 
   germany ca n't force anyone to do anything . 
  ok , i admit i was wrong , it 's a majority of eu countries lead by germany , france and italy , because it 's absolutely in their interest ( they want to redistribute the burden to the rest of the eu ) . 
  germany seems to be the loudest supporter of quotas . 
   but have zero arguments against that do n't make you look like a racist lol , here it comes :d, 
   why can i no texpect every single county to take a share of the refugees according to their population and gdp ? 
  because they do n't want other countries to dictate them how many refugees to accept . 
  why does n't germany force quotas on uk , usa or russia ? 
  because it lacks the power to do that , unlike czech rep etc.
