  - czech / check jokes . 
  i personally do n't find them funny at all but neither offensive . 
  - most ( or one of the most ) atheist country . 
  i found reddit 's obsession with atheism and the idea that it 's a minority view quite surreal when i discovered reddit . 
  it definitely sounded mean . 
  at least we 're better than slovenia  i think the justice system sucks in every country -- there is quite a big space for improvement , e.g. 
  : - the canonical source for the laws in the form of a dataset available online - tl ; dr versions of the laws , easily understandable by a layperson - online courts, 
  definitely . 
  i spend a lot of time in front of a computer and drink coffee too . 
  i disagree , men are naturally more suited for military . 
  but is it wrong ? 
  i 've never fully understood what `` sexist '' or `` racist '' means , so i only care if it 's wrong . 
  this should be at the top ... 
  and then they complain that the west does n't love russia . 
  an englishman , a french and a scot come to a pub . 
  they order beers and a fly gets stuck in each of their beers . 
  the englishman pushes the beer away disgustingly , the french puts the fly out and drinks the beer . 
  the scot puts the fly out , grabs it by its leg and shouts : `` spit it out bitch !, 
  spit it out ! '', 
  putin and obama have a phone call . 
  obama : `` vladimir , they just said in the tv that it 's terribly cold in russia , -60 \u00b0 c. '', 
  putin : `` that 's a nonsense , -20 at most . '', 
  obama : `` no really , it was just in the cnn , -60 according to them . '', 
  putin : `` well , perhaps around -25 in some places , but that 's uncommon . '', 
  obama : `` but the pictures were frightening -- frosty roads , houses , everything . '', 
  putin : `` oh , you mean outdoors ?!, 
  well , it 's correct then . '', 
  a german , a pole and a czech are arguing who has the best pubs . 
  the german brags : `` in germany , the regulars get the first beer for free ! '', 
  `` that 's nothing , '' says the pole . 
  `` in poland , after ten shots , you get every second for free ! '', 
  the czech just laughs : `` in my country , you can go to a pub where no one knows you , they fill you with free beer and brandy till you 're drunk , they even accomodate you and you can fuck till the morning ! '', 
  `` hey , you must be exaggerating . '', 
  both opponents object . 
  `` has that ever happened to you ? '', 
  `` not to me specifically , but it did to my sister . '', 
  what happens if i 'm late ? 
  i 'm almost always late . 
  thanks , that 's about what i expected . 
  we 're better than slovenia as usual but i 'm surprised we 're near the top . 
  i do n't trust these numbers very much , what would be more interesting is a set of numbers for each country : employment to population under 65 ratio , the same number but for private sector employment only , part-time vs full-time , etc. 
  perhaps us 's and eu 's numbers are not comparable . 
  i 'm quite sceptical to unemployment numbers to be honest ... 
  how is the czech republic perceived in the uk ? 
  agree . 
  no problem , 
  `` unjust '' is a subjective * feeling * and * belief * . 
  human rights may be similar in that they are a set of principles people * believe * and * feel * society should adopt . 
  lol !, 
   a natural lawyer might argue that human rights legislation is part of the natural law that exists indepently of what society has enacted yeah , this opinion annoys me , i think it 's completely stupid , something that a typical philosopher would believe in . 
   disrespect the op of another thread for no apparent reason it was kind of an inside joke ... 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  from my experience from / r/philosophy , people who studied philosophy are usually full of shit . 
  okay , `` free '' - am i free to move inside your house ? 
  am i free to use lsd ? 
  `` dignity '' - subjective , there 's no exact definition `` rights '' - do 10 year olds have equal rights as 20 year olds ? 
   the same applies to ukraine : look at idnes comments , you 'll see people worse than russkies here . 
  true and novinky.cz is much , much worse . 
   all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  yeah , this is bullshit `` free '' , `` dignity '' and `` rights '' can mean millions of different things . 
  totally agree . 
  ok , good point . 
  i think you 're probably approximately correct , although what you say is just anecdotal unscientific evidence . 
  i do n't hate anyone because of their ethnicity , but i dislike excessive political correctness and the whole all people are equal idea ( equal in what way ? ) . 
  in your opinion is it wrong to ask and study questions such as `` are people of ethnicity x smarter than people of ethnicity y when adjusting for environmental effects ? 
  this must be quite disheartening to read for romanians : /, 
  did you downvote because you disagree with these unpopular opinions or because you think they 're in fact popular ? 
  sure , but we need far more data to answer the question , what is the proportion of genetic , cultural and environmental factors in the gypsy situation . 
  perhpas it 's purely cultural . 
  or perhaps that culture would n't emerge if the genetics were different . 
  we do n't know . 
  - we should be conservative with sanctions against russia . 
  - the ukrainian situation is far from white and black . 
  there is a staggering amount of nationalism and hate of russia in ukraine which fuels the opposite reaction . 
  ukrainians need to get pragmatic about this , they should strive for good relations with both eu and russia . 
  - ukip and other supposedly far right parties have a lot of good points . 
  - greece should have left the eurozone . 
   if you convince yourself that what you do n't like about them is genetic rather than cultural the problem is that we simply do n't have enough data to answer these questions with enough detail . 
  the 1st and 4th are very popular opinions . 
  that escalated quickly , lol . 
   i think germany should attack poland seriously ? 
  that 's crazy . 
   i believe there are some significant differences between human races obviously . 
   with the nordics being the superior race superior in what way and what evidence is for that ? 
  best football league ? 
  spain has that , uk is second . 
  the germans downvoted you ... ... ... . ^ cause ^ they ^ lack ^ sense ^ of ^ humour !, 
  uk - humour and mentality , high quality tv shows , i can speak the language . 
  switzerland - beautiful , clean , high quality products . 
  slovakia - i like slovaks and i 'm ethnically half slovakian . 
  russia - they 're get a lot of hate , so i decided to like them to make them feel better . 
  liechtenstein - nice and small . 
  austria - the 3 most famous austrians are hitler , fritzl and conchita wurst , need i say more ? 
  just kidding ... nice nature , i guess . 
  but their hate for nuclear power is stupid . 
  poland - they like us , i 've heard . 
  and sikorski is cool . 
  dude are you serious with the second one ( vera jourova ) ? 
  you 're suggesting that she may have taken part in some fraud and that she 's not competent , both of which are bullshit . 
  i 've noticed before that you 're pretty biased with the politics news .
