  and i thought austrians did n't have a sense of humour . 
  yeah , in that case you 're completely right . 
  depends on what do you mean by that . 
  the country was not built by their ancestors . 
  what do you mean by freedom of movement ? 
  that everyone can get in without getting citizenship ? 
  that escalated quickly . 
  but seriously , i 'd prefer having control over immigration policy over eu money . 
  of course , it 's increasingly evident that the eu is too incompetent or ineffective in many areas . 
  one example - the retarded web cookie law . 
  thanks to the eu , there 's a cookie popup on every second website i visit . 
  shame on you finland . 
  you should be expelled from nordic . 
  you barely can into eastern europe . 
  yes , i am a monster . 
  no need for such inhumane treatment . 
  can i have a pm too ? 
  btw , would n't it be simpler to put all deleted comments into , let 's say , a github gist ? 
  but where would you deport merkel to ? 
  nice !, 
  enjoying my popcorn . 
  lol i thought this was real for a moment . 
   their personal beliefs are nearly irrelevant if they desire to mod neutrally . 
  that only works in theory . 
  i nervously welcome our new mods . 
  yeah ... what i found interesting is that trump openly said that in a tv interview . 
  yeah . 
  edit : it 's funny how this comment has a cross ( controversial ) . 
  there was recently an ama with a hostage negotiator now teaching negotiating techniques . 
  one of the key ideas mentioned wasthat people want to be understood and accepted . 
  i think typical politicians just fail to provide that . 
  people do n't want to hear that they 're wrong . 
  this kind of forecasting is mostly subjective judgement and intuition and the part i disagree with is that it 's `` moderate probability '' and `` high impact '' at the same time . 
  also , it 's not really a risk of trump causing an economic crisis , it 's a general risk . 
  why do i disagree - as with any subjective judgements , it 's lots of tiny bits of information . 
  such as trump saying he 'll move to the middle as he goes forward , implying that his extreme statements are just a strategy . 
  or him supporting democrats before . 
  some of the reasoning is unconsciouss ( i can tell american from a brit but would have a hard time explaining why exactly - it 's unconsciouss pattern matching ) . 
   one of the leading economic research organizations is it ? 
  i somehow doubt that . 
  anyway , all i see is a pretty simple and straightforward analysis , that just did n't change my mind . 
  and in general , i do n't care that much about the name of the publisher . 
  lot of what respected organizations and people publish is crap . 
  so when the guy posted the `` economist intelligence unit global forecasting service disagrees '' comment , i was slightly annoyed . 
  the linked analysis is underwhelming , i do n't care who published it . 
  even if they were called `` international economist intelligence unit global research and analysis forecasting service institute '' i would n't care . 
  yes !, 
  well , i disagree with their conclusion . 
  i found him really disgusting and stupid at first but now i definitely find him more likable than clinton ( yes , that 's a low bar , but still ) . 
   roll the dice just to see how many crazy things trump can do exactly lol . 
  let the fun begin !, 
  i think trump causing some economic crisis is pretty unlikely . 
   secondly , while i share your frustration with political correctness , i ca n't help but feel that it 's overblown and the ` social justice warrior ' crowd are nothing more than a small but vocal minority . 
  it 's no just that , it 's the general mentality ... an example of what i meant is the `` we must be super-nice to the poor refugees '' approach ( politicians condemning hungarian fence , swedish politician crying about limiting asylums ( wtf ) ) . 
  i think we should be pragmatic and act in self-interest with limited amount of helping other nationalities . 
  another example is that many people think that human rights are more than just a bunch of very vague rules some guys agreed upon a fairly long time ago . 
  they think of it as some holy dogma . 
  with those americans and possibly even austrians moving in , they might start talking about a wall too :p edit : btw , i see you 're an austrian , i hope you like my flair text , 
  i 'd like to officially announce that i support hofer , trump and brexit . 
  read on to find out why : - curiousity . 
  it would be fun and interesting to watch , with little risk of being negatively effected . 
  especially trump - if he 's not elected , we 'll never find out what crazy things ( if any ) would he do as a president . 
  how would other world leaders react ? 
  would he build the wall and ban muslims ? 
  if it 's hillary , it would be utterly and completely boring with zero surprises . 
  as for brexit , i 'd love to know whether those economic predictions were correct . 
  also , relevant george carlin [ clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egrgwel12uc ) , exactly my outlook on life lol . 
  - i 'm getting tired of the trend of , not sure how to put it , so the following is an approximation ... ever increasing political correctness and ever increasing set of things that are offending to someone . 
  those `` activists '' often have a point , it 's just ... perhaps the tone , it 's like `` you 're wrong , here 's how you should think and feel '' . 
  it 's just annoying and tiring . 
  edit : downvote ? 
  seriously ? 
  i recommend you undo it , if you value your family . 
  i think the only reasonable ideology is something like : `` the objective of the government should be maximizing the aggregate happiness of its citizens . '', 
  with a few additional notes and clarifications , but the above is the core idea . 
  in other words , we should aim to create a country , that people would chose to be born into as a random citizen . 
  ideologies in general are like religions , they 're * beliefs * . 
  i think the `` happiness maximizing '' ideology is different in that respect . 
   crisis of democracy what 's that ? 
  that wo n't have any effect on more than 99.9 % of v4 people . 
  as for the czech rep in particular , it could be beneficial because less doctors would leave . 
  i 'm sick of politicians * with * an ideology ( this is a criticism of both leftwing and rightwing ) . 
  yeah ... agree . 
  i hope hofer wins , i 'm getting sick of ~ ~ liberal ~ ~ left-wing politicians . 
  that 's a subset of 2 ) ... 
   also ppp is crap as it favours poorer countries way too much . 
  it does n't favour anyone , just an number that objectively describes some aspect of the economy . 
  but i think gdp ( ppp ) correlates better with living standards . 
  so which one is it - 1 ) you understand the economy better than the central bankers or 2 ) for some reason , they devalue the currency despite knowing it 's bad for the economy ? 
  i would vote you tho , 
   i think , we would do better , if our central bank stopped with devaluing our currency . 
  do you think the central bankers would agree with you ? 
  hahahaha , so true :d, 
  that 's the correct translation , the word `` nad\u010dlov\u011bk '' was created by literally translating '' \u00fcbermensch '' . 
  nice , but i hope we get above france someday . 
   romanians are slavs you find that offending ? 
  now i am offended lol . 
  good , more of this , it 's like vaccine against overblown tolerance . 
  irrelevance confirmed . 
  ( i mean joke , not job , edited . ),
