  hungary paid everything and gets nothing . 
  germany paid nothing and gets the doctors . 
  but in the budapest vs countryside example , * both * parties pay for public services , and in fact , the average budapest citizen contributes more . 
  - when doctors move to budapest , it 's still the same country , not too far from the countryside , ihabited by hungarians . 
  every hungarian can benefit from the doctors in budapest . 
  they pay taxes to the hungarian budget . 
  the buy in hungarian shops . 
  they raise hungarian kids . 
  - the migration to budapest is to some extent offset by wealth redistribution from budapest to poorer regions . 
  yeah , this sucks and it 's simply unfair . 
  `` the rich get richer '' is something that exists , and it exists on every level -- among individuals , companies and countries . 
  not only does germany get educated doctors for free but hungary also loses a doctor that used hungarian public education , public transit and infrastructure . 
  shit !, 
  i 'm not happy about this . 
  excellent news !, 
  we should start building a wall along our borders . 
  i 'd prefer the first . 
  i sometimes donwvote other posts after submitting my own i guess others do the same . 
  reddit should somehow disable this kind of downvotes in my opinion . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm currently deciding between spanish and german , the former would be more fun but if i look at the economy , the latter may be more useful . 
  i had 6 years of german in school and found it incredibly boring but now i 'm considering learning it again . 
   just hit the button twice or something by accident there was at least 10 min time difference between the posts though ... 
   it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  understand , not speak edit : why did you post the same comment twice , do you realize what did you start ? 
  i just found it funny that an austrian said that ( because hitler was born there ) , it was n't meant as an insult or an expression of my opinion ( i 'm mostly pragmatic and neutral about this ) . 
  you austrians never change lol, 
  but if you buy an american car , the us has some danish crowns now . 
  what can they do with it ? 
  they buy something from denmark , inreasing exports . 
  many rich countries have trade deficits , e.g. 
  the us , canada , australia or iceland . 
   they are not sustainable transport what do you mean by `` sustainable '' ? 
  what 's wrong with imports ? 
  you 're a weirdo , please do n't reply to my posts again . 
  or perhaps they answered that they do n't care or do n't know . 
  your passive-aggressive style is quite annoying , what 's your problem ? 
  do you think people should also state their opinion when asking on / r/askreddit or yahoo answers ? 
  when i ask someone on the street `` do you know where can i find the ... 
  here ? 
  '' , should i add my opinion too ? 
  anyway , to answer your question , what would happen in my opinion : - some parts of europe would be hit quite badly ( lack of electricity and/or heating ) . 
  this would last until the infrastructure is updated . 
  - higher electricity and heating prices in most of europe . 
  oh , i thought you meant the whole europe ... sorry then . 
  sunlight has a measurable impact on happiness , there 's even smething called [ winter depression ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_affective_disorder ) which can be effectively treated by exposure to artificial light . 
  ( according to the wiki , about 10 % people in northern finland suffer from winter depression . ), 
  i have their portraits printed ... on a toilet paper ... if that counts . 
  why ten , why not nine or eleven ? 
  gdp/capita does not correlate that strongly with the statistic they 're using . 
  when someone who 's not from one of these * annoyingly * well-performing countries says `` scandinavian '' , they actually mean `` nordic '' 99 % of the time , 
   i 'd gladly support the us becoming a swedish colony for a couple decades . 
  me too . 
  it 's basically switzerland and i just like the fact that it 's a neat tiny country . 
  why are scandinavian states winning every statistic ? 
  it 's annoying . 
  the full list from the [ 2013 report ] ( http://www.savethechildren.org/atf/cf/%7b9def2ebe-10ae-432c-9bd0-df91d2eba74a%7d/sowm-full-report_2013.pdf ) , tied countries are in random order : 1 . 
  finland 2 . 
  sweden 3 . 
  norway 4 . 
  iceland 5 . 
  netherlands 6 . 
  spain 8 . 
  germany 10 . 
  australia 11 . 
  switzerland 13 . 
  portugal 14 . 
  singapore 16 . 
  france 17 . 
  new zealand 17 . 
  italy 19 . 
  greece 20 . 
  ireland 21 . 
  estonia 22 . 
  united kingdom 24 . 
  czech republic 25 . 
  lithuania 27 . 
  belarus 28 . 
  poland 29 . 
  republic of korea 32 . 
  japan 33 . 
  serbia 37 . 
  argentina 38 . 
  cyprus 40 . 
  tfyr macedonia 41 . 
  costa rica 42 . 
  montenegro 43 . 
  bulgaria 44 . 
  saudi arabia 47 . 
  bosnia and herzegovina 48 . 
  barbados 49 . 
  mexico 50 . 
  united arab emirates 51 . 
  chile 52 . 
  hungary 53 . 
  grenada 54 . 
  russian federation 60 . 
  turkey 61 . 
  romania 62 . 
  trinidad and tobago 65 .
