  you could achieve the same by just changing the parameters of the current model ( actually , the current model does that to a certain extent ) . 
  so bi is a change to how money is redistributed in society -- it would lead to some people becoming poorer and other people becoming equally richer . 
  i 'm quite sceptical about bi because i have n't seen any analysis that would answer the question who exactly would get richer / poorer and how much . 
  unemployed people get money from the government today -- will they get more or less after implementation of bi ? 
  what about teachers , software developers , bus drivers , lawyers , etc ? 
  afaik , the main benefits of bi are supposed to be : - the system would be simpler and cheaper . 
  yes , simpler , but only negligably cheaper . 
  - it removes disincentives to work . 
  i 'm not convinced about this , you could argue the opposite is true actually . 
  i just wanted to say the same thing and then saw your comment . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone doing this by mistake . 
  if you 're making a map and know nothing about geography , you do n't just do it randomly like `` ok , let 's put ummm ... let 's say bulgaria here '' . 
  just a little bit of advice -- do n't give them your reddit username , 
  haha , yes . 
  http://us.cdn200.fansshare.com/photo/mauritius/map-blue-world-map-1563167418.jpg yellow = europe white = not europe yes , i 'm an imperialist . 
  really ? 
  first time i hear about this . 
  the eu supports ukraine for certain reasons and `` buffer zone '' is n't part of them . 
  not wanting to have border with unstable and violent countries is a reason against having border with turkey . 
  ( another thing , i do n't fully understand what people mean by `` buffer zone '' , it 's a very vague buzzword . ), 
  thanks , that could be it . 
  why did the demand fall so much ? 
  your comment has a very `` in your face '' feel , not nice but funny , , 
  there 's nothing funny about not wanting to have borders with countries with ongoing civil wars . 
  i do n't see the similarity with ukraine . 
  better than slovenia as usual . 
  lol poor romania , they do n't deserve that , 
  lol :d, 
  not sure if i was clear enough , i specifically meant big brother , 
  we think of the usa as our big brother . 
  that 's stupid , albania should be se for example . 
  hahahaha . 
  good luck to scotland !, 
  who will you vote for ? 
  what benefits ? 
  nooo i laughed !, 
  i 'm sometimes thinking about creating a site similar ( but also different ) to reddit . 
  ( if anyone 's interested i can give more info . ), 
  let 's create our reddit instead !, 
  ideally : - clarity in thinking and vision , simple and efficient structure . 
  currently eu seems to me as a complicated mess of various institutions . 
  the line between eu and local government competence seems messy and blurry too . 
  - e-government as a top priority . 
  - for example , every public transit provider should be legally obligated to publish timetable data in a standardized format . 
  that would allow to build pan-european public transit journey planners . 
  - another example , it should be possible to found a company online through your web browser , within 1 hour . 
  - european electronic id card as a replacement for current id cards . 
  - it should be as easy for companies to expand and operate in other eu countries as in the us . 
  currently , you have to hire a lawyer , create a subsidiary , etc. 
  - in the more distant future , i would n't mind merging with russia 's union . 
  china and india have a combined 2 billion population and fast economic growth , they could become quite geopolitically powerful . 
  realistically : - uk stays in the eu, 
  note that the comments here will be biased too , this sub is very pro-eu . 
  both - nuclear energy !, 
  let 's build some reactors !, 
  that explains the soldiers who accidentally crossed the border lol, 
  i made a mistake , it should be 140 * 140 = 19600 given that : - there are 140 flairs - single flairs are included - you can have both e.g. 
  uk+s cotland and scotland + uk, 
   these annoying people who use a eu flag instead of identifying their home country yes , i 've never understood that . 
  you would need 3892 flairs . 
  edit : it 's actually 140 * 140 = 19600 . 
  i think they 're just senile . 
  boooring and it would have the same name as europe the continent . 
  plus australia , new zeland , japan and south korea . 
  more countries = more power . 
  let 's call it eurutopia . 
  i actually quite like babis but you have a point , 
  haha , i just had a raw knedl\u00edk taken from a fridge . 
   for various reasons mostly putin, 
  people here do n't know that you like us , if they knew that , they would like you ( even ) more . 
  it 's gypsies , not romania , you were not in the survey . 
  romov\u00e9 = romani , rumuni = romanians and i remember headlines that only 12 % would want a gypsy as a neghbour . 
  i doubt that but some people are pro-communist and pro-russian , older people typically . 
  it 's a common nickname for people officially called franti\u0161ek . 
  for example i 'm called franta  it 's also often used in jokes , stories , etc. 
  and it has a slightly funny connotation . 
  it 's a common nickname for people officially called franti\u0161ek . 
  for example i 'm called franta  it 's also often used in jokes , stories , etc. 
  and it has a slightly funny connotation . 
  return the bible or gtfo !, 
  that was my theory after seeing the map too , that poles do n't like big powerful nations such as russia or germany -- czech republic on the other hand is small and harmless plus we 're west slavic as you . 
  lol , never heard of that :d, 
  search `` gypsies '' on reddit . 
  thanks , that 's nice of you . 
  edit : but what can we do to surpass spain and italy ? 
  both lost , russia slightly more . 
  what 's the song at the end ? 
  i thought neocons are very pro-russian . 
  at least our neocons are . 
  thank god for slovakia . 
   democracy is a form of government in which all eligible citizens are meant to participate equally -- either directly or , through elected representatives , indirectly -- in the proposal , development and establishment of the laws by which their society is run . 
  yeah , sure , i understand the reason people use that term . 
  eastern european has negative connotations compared to central european ( and it 's also geographically incorrect ) . 
  oh ok , noticed that too . 
   and in the last 2 years the gap between american and european redditors has been increasing what kind of gap ? 
  lot of czechs go to croatia on vacation . 
  czech republic - some anonymous and irrelevant eastern european country ( people here hate being called eastern european ) . 
  - beer . 
  - hot women , although i 'd say we 're just slightly above average . 
  - prague .
