  ok , agree with that . 
  if it does n't stop after that , then yes . 
  if its a quarter of your population in 35y and then stagnation , not a big deal . 
  i think the world is overpopulated , i.e. 
  that the current population is not optimal for living standards . 
  so rapidly shrinking means 0.2 % per year . 
  how quickly do you mean exactly ? 
  aging is another issue and yes , it 's bad for the economy . 
  it 's not shrinking rapidly . 
  certain population size is optimal for the economy . 
  my guess is that japan 's current population size is beyond that optimum . 
   we ca n't close our borders . 
  why not ? 
  why is this on / r/europe ? 
  ok , let 's do it . 
  what 's wrong with his argument ? 
   there are rules for that rules are just agreements between people . 
  they accept people who have secured jobs in switzerland . 
  * huge * difference . 
  we do n't necessarily hate immigrants , we only want a less stupid approach to immigration on eu-level ( for example , select immigrants from refugee camps , do n't accept illegal immigrants , protect the borders ) . 
  you 're free to think of us in whatever way you want , i do n't feel insulted . 
  just do n't force ultra-liberal immigration beliefs on us . 
  well , of course , that 's absolutely expected . 
  it 's against the human rights you know ? 
  ( read this in sarcasic tone . ), 
  tourists . 
  let 's sanction the fuck out of them . 
  besides , we might simply decide not to follow the law . 
   who the hell knows what 'll happen next year and that 's what many people find worrying . 
  i 'm alright with let 's say 2000 refugees per year - if the eu tries hard to enforce this limit . 
  but agreeing with this quota sets a precendent that whenever a couple of thousands people magically appear in europe , we 'll just accept and redistribute them . 
  otherwise , if eu 's borders are non-existent because of eu 's incompetence , lol , do n't expect us to deal with the consequences . 
  eu leaders should agree on the this policy : we will accept x refugees per year . 
  than the anti-quota countries might cooperate . 
  and nigeria is expected to have a population only slightly smaller than china by 2100 . 
  this is the quota per 2 months , per year or total ? 
  because if 1 million comes every year , i do n't see the point of this quota . 
  ok , i was n't really serious . 
  finished it , great read !, 
  as a fellow programmer , i correctly parsed the title as : this is true for 25 % of asylum seekers : asylum_seeker \u2208 ( women \u222a children ) `` and '' must be translated to \u222a and `` are '' to \u2208 . 
  thanks , bookmarked , 
  source ? 
  of course , that 's expected , but it gives us some sort of moral alibi , an answer to anyone saying that it 's our moral responsibility to accept them . 
  not sure i understood your comment - but according to wikipedia , there 's a legal limit on the number of accepted asylum seekers ( about 70k this year ) . 
  the stupid invasion of iraq indirectly worsened ( at least ) the situation in syria . 
  no , we should just close the borders and implement an australia-like immigration policy . 
  and if american media or politicians start with human rights / ethics bullshit , we should say `` ok , for every 1000 you take , we take another 1000 '' . 
  but it was fairly stable . 
  there must be some selection process though , because there are ( fairly low ) quotas on the total number of refugees . 
  but ok , this is n't an important part of my argument . 
  few , the usa were by far the main driving force , the whole debacle is mostly usa 's responsibility . 
  you 're taking thousands of them , the cream at the top that will be a net benefit to your country . 
  i think europe should close its borders and say `` running from isis ? 
  we did not cause it , ask the americans . '', 
  that 's true , we should just say - not accepting any syrians , afgans or iraqis unless usa takes their fair share . 
  exactly . 
  the author of that article . 
  and that 's what makes me a bit angry . 
  the usa fucked up iraq , which lead to the rise of isis . 
  and now europe has to deal with this immigration mess , usa is like `` nah , not our problem '' . 
  pirate party . 
  oh ok , problem solved . 
  better start building the water pipelines to africa now . 
  let 's read comments more carefully next time , shall we ? 
  there 's no `` because '' between the sentences you quoted . 
  so if germany accepts 500 000 young men , they 're actually accepting about 2 000 000 ? 
  nice . 
  i got ta agree . 
  canada and australia seem reasonable too ( generally , i do n't mean just immigration policy ) . 
  yes , but imports are less efficient than local production , so people get poorer . 
  you need exports to import stuff ( exports are equal to imports in the long-term ) . 
  when the population grows 4x , land resources ( oil , gold , iron , diamonds , farmable land , water , wood ) stay the same . 
  so for example , you now have 5l of water per day instead of 20l . 
  so not only will there be more people , they will also be more desperate to leave . 
  i really liked it too . 
  reaffirmed my belief that the eu policies and actions are really short-sighted , unsystematic and chaotic . 
  it seems they plan about 1 month into the future . 
  africa can have 4b but can it feed them ? 
  by the way , huge areas of africa are projected to run into water availability problems . 
  i 'm worried that this refugee influx can continue for a long time or even accelerate . 
  i like this idea a lot , very efficient . 
  yes , why not ? 
  it intuitively seems like a bad idea but i 'd love to have my pleasure centers stimulated . 
  it was a simplification , i 'd actually support maximizing happiness of both citizens and not citizens in some proportion . 
  the proportion would still significantly favour citizens though . 
  why ? 
  it 's in my and other citizens ' self-interest . 
  also , it would make the party or policy more popular . 
  and if you want to maximize world 's happiness , i think it would result * lots * of your tax money being sent to africa etc. , significantly dropping your standard of living ( and increasing the standard of living in africa ) . 
  so if you are true to your words , buy a smaller apartment , sell your car , do n't go on vacation and send the money to africa . 
   people can simply lie on the internet ?? 
  no way . 
  good question . 
  my political ideology is that the state should maximize citizens ' happiness . 
  or , to aim for a country , which would people chose to be born into ( as random newborns ) in their hypothetical next life . 
  these are a bit simplified and vague , but you get the idea . 
  i think that this philosophy allows you to think about policies and political arguments much more clearly . 
  numbers are a pratical way of identification . 
  i have a fairly positive image of georgia as a poor ( compared to eu average ) but forward-thinking and progressive country with somewhat european culture . 
  i read somewhere that georgia is very high on the easy-to-do business list .
