   i certainly agree that we need a system to send the people back i think that most of them will stay , it 's hard to force hundreds of thousands people to leave your country against their will , after they 've lived there for 5 , 10 years . 
   it 's all merkels fault . 
  well , she is n't exactly discouraging future migrants . 
  the next wave will be worse . 
  how about , let 's say , 2 000 000 next year ? 
  part of me actually wants that ( for a few reasons : curiosity how would welcoming germans handle that / schadenfreude / popcorn time ! ), 
   as soon as you drop the word happiness and replace it with something more precise - it will work . 
   like ... dopamine level . 
  well one way to define this more formally ( but i 'm not saying it 's 100 % scientific ) is : let 's say we have a magic box , with a a / b switch , which magically switches between mental states a and b. 
  you can switch between a and b for an hour . 
  the mental state you keep on for most of the time has higher `` happiness '' . 
  there are a few problems with this but it 's not a formal , scientific theory - all i 'm saying it 's that i believe that it 's an approximately correct mental model . 
   all you 're trying to say in regards to education is that it does n't need to be daunting and depressing not only , that 's kind of obvious . 
  what i 'm trying to say : 1 . 
  it 's approximately true , that the ultimate aim of education is maximizing lifetime happiness . 
  that 's not a common way to think about education . 
  realizing this helps with finding the optimal fun / learning effectiveness / etc. 
  tradeoff . 
  and it makes one realize that we often forget about making the education process itself enjoying . 
   but what you 're trying to say ! = what you said due to the choice of words yes , i should have been clearer . 
  i meant something different , it 's kind of philosophical or perhaps psychological theory i believe is * approximately * correct : most things people consciously do is because they want to increase their * happiness * ( basically how well or pleasantly they feel , let 's say it 's a one-dimensional quantity where torture is on one end and cocaine high on the other ) . 
  some examples : - people buy food because feeling hungry is a bad feeling . 
  - people follow fashion trends because it makes them feel better when they 're around friends . 
  - people go to reddit because looking at funny pics ( for example ) triggers a small dose of good feeling . 
  so government policy , including education , should try to make people happier . 
  and in the case of education it means that we should look * at all of the effects * of going to school on happiness . 
  do n't forget that one way to improve how to make people 's lifetimes happier using education , is to make them happier during the education process . 
  not sure if that makes sense , 
  by `` fun '' and `` happiness '' i meant the same thing fyi , i guess i should have made that clear . 
  that 's not a reason to ** just ** focus on adult life fun . 
  design education so that it maximizes happiness during lifetime , i.e. 
  do n't ignore school time , which is a big part of life . 
  ( i.e. 
  the school fun / education ratio should maximize lifetime happiness . ), 
  people very often do n't realize this . 
  yes . 
  but why just focus on the adult phase of life . 
  the ultimate goal is still fun / feeling good . 
  education -  job -  money -  buy stuff to feel better . 
  and why would you want to teach people that ? 
  yes , that was exactly the point . 
  i think the education system sucks in every european country and it needs a serious reform . 
  some key areas that need improvement : - school should be more fun . 
  because if you think about it , the ultimate aim of education is having fun / feeling good . 
  - more effective teaching ( increase learned stuff per hour ) . 
  - better selection of what is taught . 
  and preferably , this should n't be a one-time reform , it should be a continuous iterative process . 
   there is a bit difference between increased border controls and the australian system . 
  i do n't know what exactly her border controls proposal mean , if it will effectivelly limit the migration . 
  do you support the australian system by the way ? 
   also what hungary is doing is generally seen as wrong . 
  well that 's exactly my point , merkel 's too nice and therefore partly responsible for the hundreds of thousands people illegally crossing hungarian border . 
   also this is not about the american constitution but rather about the german constitution aswell as the 1951 refugee convention aswell as the eu charta of human rights ok , how exactly do these laws limit the ability of germany to limit asylums given ? 
  are you really sure about this , have you read the laws or do you just assume this ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that constitution is not a problem , political will is . 
  there are * many * ways to limit the migration without breaking the constitution ( the easy one - send a `` the party is over , do n't come here '' signal ) . 
   how do you do that and stay with the constitution ? 
  trust me , constitution is not the problem . 
  if there 's a political will to limit asylums , it will happen without the need to change the constitution . 
  btw , the usa has a limit of 70k asylums per year . 
   she has been repeatedly on air saying that the eu outer borders have to be controlled more tightly well , maybe she should send some monetary help to hungary then or at least verbally support them . 
  i wonder what does she think about what australia is doing , if she supports their approach - it does n't seem like that though . 
  that 's the core issue here , that she 's against a harsher approach . 
  she did n't but : - she 's against limiting the number of accepted asylum seekers - she 's against protecting the eu border with force, 
  replace with conchita wurst . 
  austrian entry would be quite funny then , 
  a normal day in ~ ~ russia ~ ~ the uk . 
  several months ago an anon reported a bomb in a main train station in the czech rep. 
  but they did n't know which one , so they closed all main train stations in the country . 
  i loled . 
  they were lucky he did n't just say it was in a `` station '' . 
  from the little i know , i have a feeling that it 's the usa who 's pushing this so i 'm sceptical . 
  but ultimately , this is a very hard question , because in order to analyse the effects , you would need to read the treaty and have some economical knowledge . 
  and even that probably wo n't be enough , predicting effects of policy changes on economy is a notoriously hard problem . 
  most economists could n't predict the crisis . 
  well , i do n't want to leave . 
  human rights and `` european values '' ( whatever that is ) , that 's not some universal truth sent to us from heaven , nor is it a scientific fact . 
  it 's just a bunch of vague ideas written by a bunch of guys decades ago , there really is n't much more to it . 
  these rights and values are vague , logically inconsistent and imho obsolete in the 21st century . 
  i do n't know . 
   7 out of 25 posts are about immigration wow , that 's lower then i thought . 
  it 's a # 1 european issue right now and people feel strongly about this . 
  if by right wing you mean hostile to immigration - i think it 's because : - europeans are increasingly hostile to immigration , in eastern europe it 's a vast majority , in western europe , it 's probably a slight majority . 
  - people who feel strongly about this are more likely to vote and comment . 
  - this is an issue that makes many people frustrated because they can do nothing about it - so they vent their frustration here and on other places . 
   oh , he 's definitely really smart . 
  depends on what exactly is `` really smart '' . 
  smarter than 90 % or 95 % of the population ? 
  yeah , i guess , but i 'd be surprised if it was , let 's say , 99 % . 
   for one , he 's managed to make most people to vote for him . 
  yes , certain level of intellect is required to achieve this - but you do n't have to be a genius to realize that if you say what people want to hear , they will vote for you . 
  depends on how quickly will get western europe full . 
   he is very smart what exactly makes you think that ? 
  he 's safely above average ( any person in that position is ) but besides that , i do n't think he 's especially smart . 
  hard in what way ? 
  hm , i do n't think they 're similar . 
  i can understand the appeal of berlusconi or orban , they can be smart , convincing , likeable . 
  but trump seems to me as a weird , unlikeable , stupid redneck . 
  even if they do , are they able to analyze the consequences ? 
  that 's the real issue imho , i think even for economists , this would be a pretty hard task .
