  and i actually think that trump is the worse one . 
  yeah , it 's weird how comments on idnes.cz got very pro-russian/zeman/trump in the last few years . 
  i honestly believe this is at least to some extent driven by russian propaganda . 
   the guy is extremely popular in the country . 
  horribly depressing if it 's true . 
  nah , i 'm quite smart , but thanks for your opinion . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i used to be quite critical of merkel but with far-right-leaning and ( more importantly ) pro-russia politicians gaining ground all over the place , i appreciate her more and more . 
  they assume it 's a natural growth of the native population . 
  why ? 
  i find it quite uninteresting . 
  generate a bunch of numbers and you 'll get some that are close to each other . 
  just a small city of 10 million people . 
   good bye and god , shave the queen . 
  ftfy, 
  my favorite character in got . 
  i know they do . 
  cut it down to two paragraphs , i 'm not reading it at that length . 
  he could be , anyway , from what i remember , it seemed that russia is supporting taliban not for money , but to make life difficult for americans in afghanistan ( official reason is that they support taliban because they fight against isis ) . 
  did n't check the veracity though . 
  as for america , i think under obama administration they try to be fairly non-evil . 
  on the other hand , russia seems to just not care . 
  that 's my general impression from a lot of bits of information over the years . 
  if you mean the subreddit , probably not , they simply only allow people who are `` on their side '' , i.e. 
  at least mildly pro-russian . 
  asking questions that suggest you 're not a supporter of russia will get you banned . 
  it 's a safe space . 
   russia does a really good job at confusing people exactly , that seems to be their core propaganda tactic . 
  just throw out a bunch of half-truths , hints , allegations , conspiracy theories to make the information landscape as messy as possible , devaluing existing information . 
  information now does n't matter , there are no hard facts and people will believe what they want to believe emotionally . 
  as an example , when russia is accused of something , they accuse the other side of the same or similar thing . 
  the picture is now messy and people just do n't care about it . 
  yep , google it , they 're basically supporting taliban . 
  damn , i started writing a comment about what 's unsettling about russia and the clicked the `` show my flair '' checkbox , and the page refreshed . 
  wtf , clicking a checkbox leads to page refresh ? 
  anway tldr version , 2 things are unsettling about putin 's russia : 1 . 
  they play dirty , to some extent because they can . 
  putin controls the media , his hands are not tied , does n't have to worry about what people or opposition will say . 
  that 's a key strategic advantage agains the west , where public opinion has affects policy much more , which can be a disadvantage sometimes . 
  it can be also exploited . 
  i 've been noticing people are quite supportive of russia in mainstream media 's comments . 
  usually stupid comments with variations of a small set of stupid arguments or ideas . 
  could be putinbots ? 
  i 'd incline to `` mostly no '' but the problem is , it 's hard to tell . 
  why , to keep the news entertaining ? 
  russia plays dirty , it seems personal , as if putin really hated america . 
  ( harassing diplomats , selling weapons to taliban , ... ), 
  he 's german . 
  they all go to sleep at 22:34 . 
  would it ? 
  i assume that countries luring tesla is driven mostly by people wanting tesla factory because it 's a cool company . 
  if it was such a big benefit for the country , some other country would offer more tax breaks . 
  yeah , it probably contributed , but i ca n't imagine a more significant change . 
  nope , it wo n't change much . 
  people will just get used to it . 
  i can see it on myself , i just simply do n't care now , just another terrorist attack , not that unexpected . 
  comments under news articles on major websites ( like idnes.cz ) stupid , but novinky.cz is a whole another level . 
  well , i quite obviously did n't mean algorithmic complexity . 
  how would you define complexity of a machine ? 
  i disagree , but that 's ok because complexity is subjective . 
  i think that the space shuttle , lhc or even some cpus are more complex . 
  but complexity is subjective . 
  edit : heh , getting downvoted for saying something people disagree with , classic . 
  or is it because space shuttle is american ? 
   how `` well '' they 're doing when compared to countries like the baltics which is funny because the baltics seem to be doing better . 
   and they are arabs nope . 
  except `` holidays '' and `` evil '' . 
  ukraine is only yellow ? 
  well help me understand if you feel sorry for me . 
  it 's not a perspective but a fact . 
  believing otherwise is not that different from religious belief . 
  nice , how convenient . 
   in rough words , we 're trying to pr ourselves into being `` better '' than usa/china etc. 
  and again , i do n't think that 's because we 're stupid bleeding hearts , but because `` well-mannered and nice '' people do n't pick as many enemies . 
  who 's we , eu officials ? 
  i do n't believe that they do stuff to look better than other countries . 
  and as for being well-mannered , that is a default and obvious behavior . 
  the motivations are similar to why most people are mostly well-mannered . 
  human rights is just a law that some people established , nothing else . 
  if it 's not working out , we should change the law . 
  well , i am . 
  yes but this does n't counter uid2 's point that they 're not neutral . 
  definitely , i think it was very unlikely and still is given this weak circumstantial evidence . 
  high risk , low reward , too difficult to execute from president 's position . 
  as a long-time fan of shrinking parliaments , i think the the money saving effect is negligible and secondary . 
  the main benefit is streamlined , simplified decision-making . 
   arianes new launches are just as cheap as spacex new launches not true , at least for leo launches , do n't have info on gto . 
  but hard to determine to what extent is this a casual effect . 
   `` chemistry of make-up '' this one is not that bad ... or is it ? 
  they do n't get subsidies . 
  us gov is one of their customers . 
  on the other hand , arianespace * does * get subsidies ( partly because of spacex market pressure ) . 
  oh , how creative . 
  just not the kind of memes/humour i enjoy . 
  `` reference '' aka copying the sentence 1:1 . 
  there 's a similar thing in every second terrorism thread and i just find it more annoying than amusing but that 's subjective i guess . 
  good at hockey . 
  good at poker . 
  they are expected to have 10 % muslim population within approx 10 years . 
  ca n't help it , it 's just so cringy and unfunny .
