  well it kind of seemed like trolling / irony but i was n't sure :d i 'm ambivalent about death penalty , but the `` it 's 2016 '' argument is just so stupid i could n't resist the urge to reply :d, 
  this whole episode feels simultaneously satisfying , amusing and offensive . 
  i do n't see how what you said implies that death penalty is a bad policy . 
   another attack may happen not `` may happen '' , it 's practically a certainity . 
   capital punishment should n't exist no matter what . 
  why ? 
   everybody 's always talking about muslims endangering our values `` our values '' is just a set of principles most people tend to believe in . 
  so the argument `` this is against our values '' is basically `` this is something most people would object to '' - a very weak argument . 
   there is not a single non-biased mass-media outlet . 
  not one . 
  nothing is perfect of course but some are more biased than others . 
   the mass-media is neutral is one of the biggest myths in existence it 's not a myth , people do n't believe that . 
  thank you . 
  that certainly helped , 
  welcome to eastern europe , portugal . 
  spain , italy - you 're next , 
  what makes you think that they made the wrong decision ? 
  they have orders of magnitude more 1 ) data 2 ) economical knowledge 3 ) time put into analysis and thinking - and people believe that know better . 
  do n't know whether it 's funny or sad . 
  you probably wanted to link the [ gdp ( ppp ) stats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) . 
  i wanted to say arabic but there 's one [ deleted ] comment at the top , so i assume somone already did that . 
  that 's e-nteresting . 
  yeah , c++ is complex and sometimes ugly , but it 's also fast , powerful and mature . 
  in lot of use cases , c++ is the best option with few good alternatives . 
  that explains why switzerland is so clean . 
  i think they cooperate with slovakian fascists . 
  i have several slovak coworkers and it pretty much never crosses my mind that they are speaking a different language . 
  i would n't say it 's necessarily flawed . 
  it hugely depends on the specific culture . 
   once they get czech citizenship they are expected to return back after some time . 
  if not , i guess some of them might move to germany , who knows . 
  that has a super simple solution - take their fingerprints . 
  they 'll stop coming . 
  why pay thousands of euros if they will be sent back . 
  the us have 10 , italy and india have 2 , and 6 other countries have 1 ( in service ) . 
  we already have a trump for president ( well , almost ) . 
  well , you 're german , nothing is hilarious . 
  he would probably grow a mustache lol . 
  obama . 
  smart , pragmatic and trustworthy . 
  he seems to be perceived a bit negatively recently but i think he 's one of the best presidents ( compared to presidents of other countries and to previous us presidents ) . 
   however , the outcome might be similar . 
  in many countries there is something like a guaranteed income . 
  i 've been saying this all the time . 
  we already have kind of a basic income . 
  what basic income advocates actually want is just a bunch of changes to our current system . 
  specifically : - it 's automatic - you do n't have to ask the authorities to get the money , you get it automatically . 
  - it 's simple , no fuckton of rules . 
  it has its benefits ( slightly cheaper ) but also downsides . 
  - i assume they want the basic income to be higher than what you get today . 
  this means that some taxpayers will get poorer . 
  - there 's an implicit assumption that the tax system would change together with the welfare system . 
  but basic income supporters usually do n't think through this in detail . 
  so , it 's not a revolutionary change , it 's just a change of parameters to the current system . 
  one form of basic income that i quite like is negative income tax , it 's simpler and easier to reason about . 
  banned for life !, 
  ** translation : ** according to a secret agreement , turkish will become the official language , in exchange for the turks accepting migrants back . 
  it 's a done deal , move on and start learning . 
  yeah , i know ... 
  why ? 
  how about alcohol ? 
  that 's what the investigation is trying to determine . 
  this . 
  i could n't have said it better . 
  which is a code name for arabs . 
  young ee got much happier , old ee much unhappier . 
  even better , it 's not legally binding . 
  it is a nice place and i 'd be fine with my country taking a share - but only if the eu agreed to close the borders and lock up trespassers in asylum centers . 
  yeah , that would be smoother . 
   has the right do deny its own citizens entry you can always change the laws . 
  if it were done properly including spreading the information , i 'm pretty sure the migration would decrease by at least a factor of 10 . 
  i mean , many of them are returning not from a fenced camp in greece , but from finland , sweden or germany - to iraq . 
  the truly desperate who prefer a guarded camp in the eu over their homeland or turkey - a minority . 
  i think i got a solution to this mess : - greece is forgiven its debt . 
  - massive refugee only areas / camps for the refugees in greece , paid by the eu . 
  - if you cross the eu border , you end up in these ( guarded ) camps . 
  - people who apply for asylum without crossing the border and get it do n't end up in those camps . 
  it will take a while but this is probably how it 's gon na end . 
  agree . 
  i think that on a high level it works because the australians are ok with not being nice . 
  why would they want to live in a camp in greece or other eu country ? 
  similar approach works in australia . 
  if publicly say that they can not expect more than living in a refugee camp , most of them wo n't come here . 
  they 're not that stupid . 
  because the germans would do everything to force us to take `` our share '' . 
  i do n't know what you mean by values , it 's an extremely vague term . 
  that is one of those phrases that gets repeated again and again till it completely losts its meaning ( if there used to be one ) . 
  anyway , cling to that until the whole africa is in germany . 
  this is an example of non-pragmatic decision making , which is why many eu countries are against german proposals . 
  i meant eu would make that decision , not greece . 
  those courts would probably do nothing and if they would , the ultimate power is in the people . 
  maybe some of them but i think it will drastically curb the migration intensitt . 
  institutions under european control , so ... 
  lol , if that 's the case , do n't give them money for pretending they try to keep them . 
  another solution : 1 . 
  publicly say that the eu is closed starting from day x , that refugees are very unwelcome , and that crossing the border is illegal and everyone that does it is automatically declined asylum and put into guarded go-back-or-rot-here camps . 
  currently unregistered migrants on eu soil have time till day x to ask for asylum . 
  i think this would work . 
  there should be more talk about turkey declining to take back migrants who took a boat to greece . 
  they say they try to stop them from leaving turkey for eu money - but at the same time decline to do the most effective thing to achieve that .
