  i guess so . 
  i do n't know a single muslim and i dislike them . 
   military spending is n't really ` wasting money ' . 
  it 's a huge catalyst for technological progress and a job creator . 
  lol , sorry but this is bullshit . 
  military spending is a terribly inefficient way to invest into technology innovation . 
  as for job creation - if government paid people to spend time on reddit , would that be job creation ? 
  there 's a very public case here as well . 
  ( curiosity : one czech hockey goalkeeper said he would give his olympic gold medal to anyone who 'll help to return the czech kids . ), 
  i think that your cps works mostly well but i 've recently watched an interview with a political scientist living in norway and some of the things he said about the child protection system there felt a bit creepy to be honest . 
  or nuked . 
  / thread, 
  only if i can see theirs . 
  it was ale\u0161 michl . 
  well , the real question is whether the benefits of no debt outweigh the costs of defaulting . 
  well , i think you really overestimate the possible negative effects . 
  one economists i follow estimates that the first year or so would be tough but after that , they would return to solid growth . 
  i wonder if the sanctions ( if any at all , i somehow doubt this ) would hurt them enough to outweigh the benefits of having no debt . 
  yes , foreign products would get more expensive . 
  but their exports will get super cheap . 
  and it would get really really cheap for tourists . 
  joining russia ? 
  that 's crazy , that would never happen . 
   they would have a really hard time getting new loans on the international markets or perhaps they would have a better time ? 
  with drachma and no debt , investors may be more willing to lend them money . 
  i like how all of the replies so far are lists , 
  and he also likes to be controversial , he 's a narcisstic attention whore , he loves seeing himself in the media . 
  you russian-speaking , rodent-eating criminal with no degree !, 
  so do you have many bears or not ? 
  ( not implying that canadians see them often . ), 
  so it 's not italian ? 
  he 's got 3 years left but he may die sooner because he drinks a lot . 
  i would agree if our president was less of a douche  and i 'm not that person who * always * complains about politicians , i actually think that most of the current government is ok . 
  but zeman is terrible . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't understand people commenting here that they can always get water - water shortage is about price , not about actual possibility to get water . 
  lol , true , although this could be said about most people commenting here sadly . 
  yes to an extent , price of water has been rising faster than inflation in the last 20 years . 
  yeah , let 's have some fun . 
  that 's what they want you to believe . 
  ok , you 're right with the `` more lazy '' part . 
  we would have to create some specific measure , e.g. 
  tendency to procrastinate or an ability to delay pleasure ( and specifically define these ) . 
   on the other hand , assuming someone is lazy , or criminal or brilliant or whatever because of his ethnicity is definitely racist , not to mention wrong ( and i do n't mean ethically wrong ) . 
  i would n't assume that they 're smart just because of their ethnicity , i would just think it 's more ( or less ) likely . 
  in statistical terms , i would update the probability distribution of various hypotheses . 
  you say it 's racist - how do you define racist ? 
  i know i am racist according to some definitions ( and see nothing wrong with it ) . 
   as to iq , it does n't really mean much anyway , it has cultural bias etc. 
  it correlates reasonably well with learning ability , computer programming ability and many other things linked to what people usually understand as intelligence . 
  do n't know what exactly you mean by cultural bias . 
   not all americans are fat . 
  not all americans are fatter than all europeans . 
  til . 
   not sure where you 're going with this . 
  the dutch are taller for example , but does that make them better ? 
  well , if i say that some ethnicity has lower iq or is more lazy - some people would consider that unaccaptable . 
  brightened my day . 
  true . 
  they have distinctive customs and behaviors . 
  basically any group of interacting people is a culture - reddit has a culture too, 
  lol , reminds me of rimmer here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wguktfddy4, 
  it 's culture too . 
   saying that germans are just ` better ' generally it would actually make little sense , because `` better '' can mean very different things . 
  i think germans have higher average iq than indians . 
  ^ ^ edginess ^ ^ intensifies, 
  from now on , saying that isis 's culture is backwards will be considered edgy . 
  thank you for the new fabulous , splendid and marvelous rules . 
  few questions :  it is not ok to make pejorative statements about large cultural , national or ethnic groups so saying that americans are fat is not allowed i guess ? 
   it is not ok to suggest that some races or cultures are inherently better than others . 
  do n't know what 's `` inherently better '' but is it ok to suggest that races or cultures are better in specific aspects ? 
   unreliable domains including but not limited to , blogspot , tumblr , facebook and wordpress will be removed . 
  what do you mean by `` unreliable '' ? 
   we all hate them somewhat equally i like that , 
  what about the eu or the west ? 
  never heard of arg . 
  immigrants in uk media . 
  internet explorer . 
  and politicians . 
  i trust our neighbours ( except austria ) . 
  yeah i have mixed feelings about this , i cringed a bit looking at the photos . 
  it mostly means no russia -  no communism -  we would be way richer than we are . 
  ( compare east and west germany in 1990 . ), 
  wow , never realized that it sounds as `` checkpoint '' !, 
  i guess they assume it should be a european country ... 
  never heard of stormfront . 
  sometime i play a game where i guess whether a comment comes from a naive sjw or from a retarded pc-nazi . 
  i completely understand your perspective . 
  i mean , people downvote because you do n't want to give money you 've earned to people in other countries ? 
  that 's weird . 
  people , do n't downvote just cause you disagree ... 
  the original hipster . 
  do n't worry the probability of ww3 starting is mininal . 
  arabs are almost always mentioned in a negative context in the media - various middle east conflicts , islamic terrorism or obnoxious behavior of arab tourists . 
  well , i see it the other way , links are easy , text posts are more work and they often provide more value . 
  in my case , i extracted the important data and translated it . 
  it loads faster and the user does n't have to switch context , move outside of the reddit environment . 
  btw , the important rules should be more visible , people do n't read sub rules unless it 's thrown in their faces . 
  edited . 
  very uncomfortable ?
