  they seem to be more pro-eu than some eu countries . 
  that comment almost reads as if it was beneficial to the economy . 
  but in fact , for germans , it will have similar effect as if they used the billions in this way - buy some stuff , throw it out . 
  ( i 'm not saying they should not help them !, 
  - but that helping them will lower their standard of living . ), 
  you could make this argument :  let 's take 5 billion euros and buy tons of food and clothes and burn it . 
  also , build some empty houses and employ social workers to just chill in them . 
  and almost all of that money flows back into the german economy . 
  it 'll be used to build and maintain housing , it 'll be used to hire teachers that teach the german language and culture . 
  we have to hire a lot of social workers and so on . 
   that could be a part of the internal consumption that germany needs ( and everyone was talking about before the refugee crisis ) . 
  and sch\u00e4uble ca n't say anything against it , because there is no other option that to spend that money . 
  in other words , if you argue that more government-sponsored consumption is good for the economy , there 's an easy solution . 
  buy stuff and consume it . 
  no need for the middle men ( refugees ) . 
  nah , they 're not the same thing , they 're different . 
  i will try to explain that to you in more detail . 
  fiscal multiplier concept - if the government increases spending by x , the gdp may increase by more than x because the spending increase stimulated the economy . 
  `` war helps the economy '' argument - this argument is not a concept called fiscal multiplier . 
  it 's an argument that says wars are beneficial for the economy because of the fiscal multiplier effect . 
  you can find many easy to understand explanations why this idea is stupid yourself on the internet , for example , have a look at [ this ] ( https://www.quora.com/why-does-going-to-war-help-the-us-economy/answer/balaji-viswanathan-2?share=1 ) . 
  `` almost all of that money flows back into the german economy '' argument - this is true - for all government spending . 
  is all government spending good ? 
  using this logic , i 'm starting to think that the government should double or even * triple * pensions and other social transfers . 
  can you imagine how beautifully would that flow back into the economy ? 
  no , those are 2 different but related concepts . 
  if a government borrows tons of money to build a 10km deep hole in the ground just for the sake of it , it 'll increase the gdp and could even have a multiplicative effect but i think it 's extremely stupid . 
  yes , i am aware of that . 
  what we can see in this thread is ( partly explained by ) a status quo bias . 
  germans tend to favour whatever their government 's policy is . 
  ( by the way , what do germans think about the nuclear power policy ? ), 
  i think that we can see similar bias in what czechs and slovaks think about the euro . 
  czech are very negative , slovaks very positive ( opposite ends on some eurostat chart i saw ) . 
   and almost all of that money flows back into the german economy . 
  no offence , but that 's a similarly stupid argument as `` war helps the economy '' . 
  or - `` let 's build a massive hole and then fill it back . 
  all of that money flows back into german economy '', 
  this is chaos , noone knows what they 're doing . 
  i 'm honestly curious how will it play out for germany , i think it 's a risk . 
  who knows what ( un ) expected consequences will this have in 2050 . 
  depends on how you define `` union '' , but the eu can certainly function without wealth transfers , there are many forms of cooperation that are win-win . 
   what interests did they act in when they gave money to poland to repair its fucked up roads ? 
  it was probably motivated by solidarity although i do n't rule out it 's a win-win in the long-term . 
  a possible solution would be an australia-like immigration policy , i.e. 
  if you come illegally , fuck you . 
  but germany and france do n't want that i think , so we 're in a kind of paralyzed state . 
  but one problem is that ( i think ) it 's hard to apply for asylum legaly , because it 's hard to prove that you 're elligable . 
  i completely understand this view , they 're just acting in their interests - as we are , by rejecting quotas . 
  ok by me . 
  i do n't follow to be honest . 
  `` europe is aging so it needs to accept immigrants . '', 
  that 's a pretty weak argument unless it 's a result of a more sophisticated analysis . 
  i seriously doubt that the immigrants will be a net benefit to europe . 
  and also , why should population always expand ? 
  i think the world is pretty overpopulated , which leads to lower real wages . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  putin never skips the leg day . 
  a meeting is not enough . 
  call it extreme if you like , but i propose we follow up with a major - and i mean major - leaflet campaign . 
  ( red dwarf reference ), 
  do you have any source / numbers ? 
  what is the profit margin of those companies . 
  your childish trolling hints at two interesting issues . 
  first , in what proportion should we aim to maximize our citizens ' happiness and world population hapiness ? 
  second , the `` if it saves lifes , we must do it no matter the costs '' stupidity . 
  i think we should spend goverment money so that it maximizes average happiness . 
  exporting oil stopped being lucrative . 
  so they 're exporting their citizens . 
  it was supposed to be a joke ( the top two comments are `` 2 sigma ? 
  meh ... '' so i thought it would be funny to post another one ) . 
  how fascist and undemocratic !, 
  only 2 sigma , downvoted . 
  edit : / s, 
   if we accept more it will be political suicide and parties of anti-semitisms or racists will win the election . 
  depends , countries and regions with very few immigrants are often most against immigration . 
  my opinion on this is that we should not do anything that would significantly decrease our living standards . 
  there are 2 things to consider : - many of the immigrants would not be a net benefit to our society . 
  - there 's a risk of social problems . 
  many of them ( or their children / grandchildren ) wo n't integrate well for various reasons - they do n't want to , their culture is too different , people here are not nice to them , etc. 
  i think the person you 're replying to was either sarcastic or trolling . 
  yes , but that was related to q1 growth . 
  is there a graph comparing eu countries ? 
  anyway , czech rep had a long period of decline and stagnation , i guess this is one factor behind the high growth . 
  look at the red belt surroundng europe . 
  let 's hope technology prevents water shortage in those regions . 
  and everyone except germany and sweden . 
  it was a joke , but many of the immigrants are isis sympatisers or members . 
  a ftfy for redditors reading this in 2050 :  isis is based in germany . 
  of course that there will be false-positives ( and false-negatives ) . 
  wait ... this ca n't be true , the title must be a hyperbole . 
  yes , it 's a discrimination - but almost every country in the world has discriminatory immigration policy . 
  for example , the eu discriminates based on nationality . 
  companies often evaluate candidates ' `` culture fit '' - slovakia does something similar . 
  i do n't know if it 's a good policy but i understand their reasons for it . 
  i will make du'a for him . 
  easy , create a pork and alcohol test . 
  for example ? 
  delicious irony . 
  i do n't know but we have almost none asylum seekers so far . 
  like i said , guarding the borders is unnecessary , because they want to go to germany , not to the czech republic .
