  * the prime minister sobotka said that babis should stop doing business now that he 's in the government . 
  * the president said that babis just owns the company , he 's not employed there anymore , so it 's ok . * babis said that sobotka does n't know what doing business means , that he 's never worked in the private sector . 
  in conclusion , a pretty mundane and boring week . 
  hopefully the next one will be more interesting . 
  ( this comment is currently last when sorted by `` best '' . 
  upvote maybe ? ), 
  any economists here ? 
  why are wages ( or gdp per capita , or productivity ) 2 -- 3 \u00d7 higher in germany than in the czech republic ? 
  i 've never understood this . 
  congrats , i certainly did n't expect that weeks ago . 
  i really liked him in show jana krause . 
  unfotunately , he wo n't have much power to change things . 
  i wonder if this businessman-turned-politician ( kiska , babis ) is a trend . 
  i think some of the reasons were 1 . we did n't have any good candidates 2 . the election process is n't fully democratic , it does n't choose the person people want the most 3 . people wanted a left-wing candidate 4 . many voters are pretty stupid . 
  what do you think about babis btw ? 
  thanks , that 's very nice to hear , although the first part is hard to believe ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index ) . 
  britain is one of my favourite countries btw , if ever decide to move out , it 'll be my first choice . 
  i watch 8 out of 10 cats every week , great show , 
  but what should the eu do exactly ? 
  europe is dependent on russia 's gas and oil , that 's the core problem . 
  america and russia have plenty of natural resources , we do n't . 
  yes , but the the legislation is much more homogenous . 
  for example , it takes * years * to expand services like google music or google play seller support to european countries . 
  in the u.s. , everything is launched nationwide . 
  true , but the laws and taxes are different . 
  so when a company wants to expand , it requires time , energy and often new employees ( lawyer , accountant , sales ... for every country ) . 
  there 's also the language barrier but the eu ca n't do anything about that . 
  i think v4 ( or the whole eu ) should try to make it super easy for businesses to operate in multiple countries . 
  big countries such as the u.s. , china or russia have an important economical advantage - a big and homogennous market . 
  i think that 's the main reason why most of the big internet and software companies are american or chinese . 
  i agree ... this is what i have so far , it 's a very early preview and could change completely : http://i.imgur.com/cukhl8q.png, 
  well , possibly , i guess the main problem would be to stay motivated without losing faith that it has a chance to get successful , 
  to be honest , i feel a bit guilty / stupid that i posted it on this subreddit , so people assumed that i want a reddit for europeans . 
  i actually do n't care about the users ' nationality , the main motivation was to make a site that would improve or just change some aspects of reddit . 
  the fact that it would be europe-based would be just a minor selling point ( different privacy laws ) . 
  you mean confidence to implement it ? 
  well , that 's not the hard part , any competent dev should be able to make something like reddit . 
  i know linkuj.cz , that 's not even close to reddit . 
   traffic traffic is a problem everyone * loves * to have . 
   pay for the servers if the site would miraculously get a lot of traction and require more resources , i guess financing and/or non-intrusive ads . 
   protect against exploits by taking security seriously . 
  i will if i go on with it . 
  thanks . 
   simplified comment section in what way simplified ? 
  it has it 's disadvantages too though - karma-whoring , groupthink ... 
  if i decide to get serious with it , i may look at it , did n't know something like that exists . 
  yes , i have exactly the same doubts . 
  a possible strategy would be to first create a niche community and then continually add others ( stackexchange did the same ) . 
  great , thanks , that 's encouraging !, 
  that 's exactly why i mean high risk , the `` getting traction '' part would be hard . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that a reddit competitor is possible at all . 
  what could be improved about reddit : * an overall better and faster user interface , e.g. 
  highlight new comments . 
  * deal somehow differently with the communities ( subreddits ) vs tags question . 
  perhaps have both , i.e. 
  allow tags within each community . 
  * an option to follow users ( ala tumblr or quora ) . 
  nice try yishan . 
   what is specific about europe that does n't work with the current reddit platform ? 
  well , not much , slightly different culture perhaps . 
  the main motivation is to make a better version of reddit , taking some inspiration from quora and stackoverflow . 
  btw , it 's interesting that all of the major social networks are american - facebook , twitter , tumblr , reddit , snapchat , pinterest , quora etc. 
  it would n't be * that * similar to reddit , so i guess that trying to modify some massive codebase could be more work than starting from scratch and definitely less fun . 
  thx for encouragement , i 've already started writing it ( from scratch , i wo n't use any existing engine ) . 
  to elaborate a bit , it would n't be a just a stupid copy of reddit , there are lots of ways reddit could be improved . 
  ( and of course , i 'm well aware that the probability o failure would be very high . 
  it would definitely be a high risk project . ), 
  same here , except the blue plastic bags , they 're very uncommon . 
  same here . 
  wow , that 's about the same as the czech government budget . 
  this is absolutely staggering . 
  what one ? 
  advice : never start comments with `` false . 
  '' , `` wrong . '', 
  or `` no . 
  '' , it feels rude , aggressive , attacking and annoying , at least to me . 
  most decisions are best made individually , for example , what music will you listen to . 
  some decisions are best made in small groups , for example inhabitants of a building may decide that they will pay for a new , faster elavator . 
  and some decisions are best made ( or only possible ) in very large groups . 
  that 's basically the purpose of a democratic state , it 's a way to make decisions in large groups . 
  my impression is , that many decisions made by the eu should be made on a state level . 
  in other words , the distribution of competences between the member state and the eu is not optimal . 
  a somehow related observation is that generally , the decision maker should be as close to the problem as possible . 
  to sum up , while europe definitely needs to do some decisions as a whole , critics of the eu often have a point . 
  how does voting work ? 
  i would welcome a higher level of integration in some areas where it would be beneficial for people ( of all countries ) . 
  some examples : ** more law standardization . 
  ** for example , the tax law should have the same template in all countries and only differ in parameters , such as the specific tax rates . 
  ** central information systems for people , companies , land , etc. 
  ** for example , i should be able to found a company in one country , and other countries would recognize that company . 
  ** pan-european id card . 
  ** to what extent is this realistic - i do n't know , 
  source ? 
  have you looked at similar train networks in canada , australia , france , netherlands , norway , etc ? 
  i hope you enjoyed investigated my comment history :d i think the evolutionary advantage hypothesis is reasonable . 
  in public . 
  translation for you : majority of germany is unable to think about the migration crisis in a pragmatic , unbiased , objective way . 
  scary . 
  pretty much my reaction . 
  xenophobia is an evolutionary advantage .
