  thugs , small and poor . 
  edit : typos and a question -- why the downvotes ? 
  i understand that it 's what you would wish as a russian , but do you have source ? 
  i 've read that it 's [ 230 years ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-long-will-global-uranium-deposits-last/ ) :  according to the nea , identified uranium resources total 5.5 million metric tons , and an additional 10.5 million metric tons remain undiscovered -- a roughly 230-year supply at today 's consumption rate in total . 
  further exploration and improvements in extraction technology are likely to at least double this estimate over time . 
  and the 4th gen reactors in development will ( copied from wiki ) : - produce 100-300 times more energy yield from the same amount of nuclear fuel - have the ability to consume existing nuclear waste in the production of electricity, 
  and czechistan . 
  nuclear energy . 
  sorry and thanks for the ( unexpectedly quick ) upvote !, 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'm definitely not moving into france then , i would have a competetive disadvantage . 
  you suck at the not being funny stereotype . 
  why hungary ? 
  note that he did n't respond ... yet . 
  give him a day or two . 
  to what extent is this stereotype true ? 
  i 'm not a stupid , fat and racist person . 
  i 'm quite lazy though . 
  or `` killed himself '' ? 
  but i want their oil , gas , iron , land , everything !, 
  i sometimes use link shorteners to track click-through statistics . 
  no , we 're more civil than that . 
  idiots lol, 
  i looked up the `` idiots '' comment and upvoted . 
  / r/firstworldanarchists online communities are n't just about comment quality . 
  the main reason people go to reddit is entertainment and social interaction . 
  you have some valid points but i just dislike the patronizing , self-righteous nature of meta posts like this . 
  it smells of social engineering . 
  and from a purely pragmatic point of view , telling people to increase their comment quality is a completely ineffective way to increase comment quality . 
  i occasionally find the low quality , downvoted comments quite interesting or hillarious . 
  and as reddit 's ceo said , trolls are a vital component of online communities , 
  the `` in soviet russia '' jokes . 
  i actually find these stats really suspicious because couple of months ago the news said that we have the highest number unemployed people in our history . 
  there is but i 'm not surprised that an american does n't understand that . 
  what do you call a pointless race that covers 2,200 miles throughout france ? 
  the french . 
  say hi to obama for me :d, 
   i think the way our education is handled pays a large part in this . 
   in general , the government has also been very innovative with its policies . 
  i believe that these are just the results of some lower-level factor that 's specific to estonia . 
   we 've had the opportunity to start anew after the occupation and build our country in a way that fits today 's world . 
   we also have very few religious people , so progress is not hindered by backward policies inspired by religion , which is sadly quite often the case in countries like the us . 
  these are true for czechistan too but i did n't notice we 're praised for our egovernment , 
   in estonia a forward thinking 30something came into power i wonder if that 's just luck or if there 's some more lower-level reason for this . 
  in other words , could this happen in latvia or lithuana with similar results ? 
  a bit off-topic : why are estonians doing so well in everyting internet related and in general as well ? 
  what are the underlying reasons ? 
  is it culture , genetics , population size , luck , ... ? 
  slovenia is not doing very good . 
  up your game slovenia . 
  you have a higher unemployment rate than us , how does it make you feel ? 
  is this a form of apology for wiretapping european leaders ? 
  but why ? 
  in your face putin !, 
  yes , they are just pure libertarians , which is quite distinct from the right-wing populist parties . 
  we have a few of these too , one of them got to the parliament but failed in these elections . 
  i think that `` far right '' is an incorrect label though ... 
  i 'd say `` authoritarian , nationalist populists '' is more precise . 
  nsdap is labeled as far right but they have `` socialist '' in their name , that 's pretty weird . 
  they want to leave the eu , petr mach has written a book called `` how to leave the eu '' . 
  as to whether they 're far right -- it depends how you define `` far right '' . 
  from an economic point of view , they 're definitely more right-wing than our more traditional right-wing parties . 
  it 's the economist [ petr mach ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petr_mach ) , leader of the free citizens party . 
  they 're libertarians and anti-eu . 
  why is this sub so condescending about these parties ? 
  i 'm politically in the center but after watching the post-election debate yesterday , out of the 8 winners present , the leader of our ukip 's equivalent seemed to have most well-informed , unpopulist and pragmatic arguments . 
  he was a very pleasant surprise . 
   that would , however , require a common european political identity that 's the root of basically all of eu 's problems . 
  a bunch of nations of different wealth , different language , different culture and different interests can not simply pull another usa or another india . 
  he 's able to e-attend . 
  ** czechistan ** only 18.2 % participation , is this the lowest ? 
  - 16.13 % ano 2011 - center right , pro-eu , its leader is the 2nd richest czech person - 15.95 % top09 - right , pro-eu , popular in prague - 14.17 % cssd - left , traditional party , pro-eu - 10.98 kscm - communists , despised by most - 09.95 kdu-csl - christian democrats , traditional party - 07.67 ods - former right-wing hegemon , anti-eu , winner of the last elections - 05.24 svobodni - libertarians , anti-eu , somewhat similar to ukip - 04.78 % pirate party - almost there , best result of european pirate parties - 03.77 % greens, 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoteed , it 's a legitimite and interesting question . 
  couple of unordered thoughts : - most people do n't care much about the eu and see it as some huge complicated bureaucratic aparatus far away . 
  - but they also understand , that eu membership is overall beneficial . 
  - people feel about 90 % czech and 10 % european . 
  spain or sweden feels similarly different as canada or australia . 
  - there are big differences among eu countries . 
  * every country acts in their own interest . 
  * german taxpayers are ok with giving money to poorer germans in the form of free public services and transfers . 
  they 're definitely not ok with giving similar amounts of money to poorer europeans . 
  - europe is getting older . 
  in 30 years , there would be old people all around . 
  who will pay their pensions ? 
  this could lead to an * even higher * taxes . 
  which may force many of younger people to move to the us or canada . 
  - europe 's labour force is expensive . 
  russia , china and the rest of asia is quickly catching up technologically . 
  they might stop buying our exports . 
  - we do n't have much potential for growth compared to the rest of the world . 
  we do n't have any clear vision of the future . 
  we 're mostly clumsily tottering in one place because the eu is complicated and clumsy . 
  it got quite depressing and dystopic to the end , sorry , that was n't my original plan  edit : as a more general note , i think that the whole western society undergoes some hard-to-describe change . 
  i 'm not sure how to accurately explain what i mean -- an approximation would be that the current mood in the society is similar to the general mood in roman empire when it was at the beginning of its decline . 
  this sounds quite depressing . 
  it 's unfair . 
   yes , it 's the same and it is also a huge problem here , just like inequalities in any other country . 
  i disagree , i 'd say it 's actually quite different , see [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2670om/last_year_544_romanian_291_greek_195_hungarian/choq8t5 ) . 
  it 's totally different , here 's why : - it 's hungrian citizens who pay for the education , road network , security , etc. 
  doctors who move to germany have used these free services for about 25 years .
