  and another reason why this bothers many people is that muslims tend to despise our culture , at least many aspects of it . 
  people are sick of their attitude . 
  well , i 'm starting to appreciate that people in the czech rep are somewhat xenophobic , we dodged the bullet , lol . 
  poor merkel , poor ultra-liberal extremists . 
  i know that from quora.com , it 's quite popular among indians . 
  afaik the chinese , for example , care * a lot * how others perceive them . 
  as for the second point ... first , most developed countries , especially france , uk or germany perceive the danger of invasion or something like that as basically non-existent . 
  second , even if we assume it 's true , why would it cause the discrepency between foreign and domestic reputation , how is it related ? 
  i do n't see why that would make those countries overly patriotic . 
  ( also , i do n't think these countries can do whatever they want - yes , they can do geopolitically more than smaller countries , but nothing that would have a significant benefit at the expense of other countries . ), 
  surprised by brazil , thought they were extremely patriotic . 
  usa , china , russia and india as expected , syndrom of `` big '' ( highly populous ) nation , at least that 's what i think is the underlying reason . 
  if it was st. petersburg who was angered though ... 
  i 'm afraid to even think about that . 
  thanks, 
  oh ... that would make more sense if it 's an accurate description of the situation . 
  but i somewhat doubt that selling it would hurt their image more . 
  optimism wo n't be tolerated here . 
  i agree but i do n't understand how it 's relevant to my comment . 
  i reported him . 
  i do n't think companies should make political statements like that if it 's such a controversial issue and if it 's a foreign company . 
  most of them are `` syrian '' . 
  bad timing , in the last few years conservatism is on the rise , probably because of the economic crisis . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  yeah ... but if we ignore the russian part , czech rep is approximately in the middle  also , basically all definitions of central europe include the czech rep. 
   everything east of germany is considered ` eastern europe ' welcome to the club finland . 
  well we 're literally in the middle of europe , so it 's annoying when someone calls it eastern europe , just because of a few decades of communism . 
  ok , let 's agree to disagree . 
  no , they just know geography . 
  how ? 
  i ca n't edit your comment :(, 
  this part of europe is called ** central ** europe . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  yes , it 's a shitty logo , but every second one is . 
  check out this video https://www.stream.cz/gebrianvs/761357-gebrian-vs-jeleni-prikop . 
  secret path to prague castle . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant , quarter to next year quarter growth . 
  shame . 
  it would be a nice and unique experiment ( although it still will be to a lesser extent ) i was honestly curious what would be the social and economic effects of such a huge migration wave . 
  lol , had to upvote that :d, 
   do n't look at quarter-to-quarter growth or even year-to-year-important economic trends happen over longer timeframes than that this should be at the top of every smilar thread . 
  quarterly gdp numbers that everyone is obsessed about say very little about real long-term growth . 
  yeah sorry my mistake . 
  oh ok , crossed it off the list , 
  the `` europe is in american sphere of influence '' meme has at most 1 % truth in it . 
  i expanded my answer . 
  and as for uk and netherlands specifically : uk - i like their culture , mentality , sense of humour . 
  - their approach to e-government is probably the best in the world . 
  - excellent state-run media ( bbc ) . 
  - their policies ( for example immigration ) seem pragmatic and reasonable . 
  netherlands - i do n't know much but they seem progressive , well-developed , rich ... ca n't think of many negatives . 
  united kingdom , switzerland , iceland , ~ ~ netherlands ~ ~ . 
  northern countries are weird ( pc extremists in sweden , `` internet is a human right '' in finland and interesting child protection policies in norway ) . 
  eastern countries are relatively poor and generally less developed . 
  the south has questionable economy . 
  germany 's decision making is emotion-driven ( `` shit look at fukushima , let 's close all nuclear power plants !, 
  '' , `` awww poor refugees , come here - wait , what are you doing , stop ! '' ) . 
  netherlands - see below . 
  vatican is too small and religious . 
  not really . 
  `` no homo , it 's just to avoid suspicion . '', 
  `` should have '', 
  depends on what you mean by `` understand a conflict '' , it 's not a binary quantity . 
  my guess is that approximately nobody out of the general public understands it deeply . 
  and army or secret service analysts probably understand it the most . 
   that must have something along the lines of `` oh allah destroy the jews , kill them all , dont leave any of them alive , help the mujahideen all over the world etc. . wow , unbelievable . 
  his support went up a lot since he escalated his anti-islam rhetoric . 
  unless they are genuinly retarded , they do n't . 
  although they might be bigots who hate all muslims . 
  yes , other countries bear some responsibility too - but that was tens or hundreds years ago . 
  since than , the situation has stabilised in the middle east to some extent . 
  but without usa 's invasion , there would be no isis . 
  despite that they do n't want their fair share of refugees . 
  that 's ok , we 'll deal with the consequences of you fucking up the middle east ourselves , we did n't expect you taking any responsibility . 
  i blame the usa for pushing them , germany for pulling them . 
  i can understand that , i just find it annoying that the guys who indirectly created isis are saying `` refugees are not our problem , sorry deal with it yourselves '' . 
  why do n't the usa accept at least 100k asylum seekers from middle east , similar number as sweden , a 30x smaller country that has nothing to do with the rise of isis ? 
  not in such massive numbers . 
  your second point is basically whataboutism - all i 'm saying is that i find it annoying that usa 's invasion indirectly lead to the rise of isis and now they have a not-our-problem approach and europe will pay the highest price . 
  yes , they are responsible too , although it was a pretty long time ago . 
  without the iraq invasion , there would be no isis . 
  thanks for the downvotes americans . 
  no ( assuming they indeed do that ) . 
  what irritates me instead is that they fucked up iraq and left , and now europe has to pay for the consequences . 
  they said that they will accept 10000 syrian refugees ( lol ) . 
  i watched bill maher 's show after the paris attacks , he said that america should just get out of the middle east , that it 's not their problem - well i understand that , they wo n't get millions of refugees , it 'll only make their lives easier - but it still annoys me that they fucked up the middle east and now europeans have to find new living spaces in our already overcrowded cities . 
  smooth moves there . 
  did you mean * la source ? 
   north-western europe in the czech republic as well . 
  yes , in the less developed world religion is doing fine ( rising in absolute terms , per-capita i do n't know ) . 
  however , the term `` dark age '' implies a geographical area . 
  and more importantly , op probably did n't mean it literally , everyone knows that christianity in europe was mainstream even after the dark age . 
   ok except isis is n't really sending people to europe how would you know ? 
   and the muslim populations of germany , sweden , switzerland , macedonia , etc , etc demonstrate that having a muslim population does n't immediately translate into more terrorist attacks . 
  why do n't these countries see terrorism the way spain , uk , france do they 've all got muslim populations ? 
  although france has higher % of muslims than germany or sweden , you 're right , there are other factors that influence the probability of a terrorist attack . 
  it could be integration , but also immigration policy . 
  for example , switzerland only accepts people after they have a secured job , or something like that i think . 
  accepting anyone who crosses the border ( which happens to a large extent , deportations do n't work well ) is stupid , it could lead to big problems in the future . 
  ( and smallish problems now , e.g.
