  what 's wrong with text posts ? 
  lol , u serious ? 
  the source is in the comments , ctrl + f `` source '' . 
  you must be trolling . 
  it 's much worse in czech : latvia = loty\u0161sko lithuana = litva the opposite is way more intuitive . 
  hal\u00f3 noviny is the only unbiased and reliable news site . 
  oh , i think that 's possible and likely , it makes me actually dislike them now  i 'm surprised you know about the danes in prague , was that in the mainstream media ? 
  yeah me too . 
  most people just find it amusing i think . 
  but people here are starting to seriously dislike norway ( there is a case of 2 czech kids `` kidnapped '' by norwegian social service ) . 
  or despite hockey . 
  apologies to romanians and ukrainians , there are lots of ignoratards here . 
  sorry : / if it 's any consolation , spending time on this sub made me view romania and romanians very positively , i see it as a country that moves in the right direction quickly ( anti-corruption and economy ) . 
  you underestimate stupidity . 
  no doubt about that , but you ca n't beat the danes , 
  sorry that they did n't ask about the 3 swedes that live here , 
  i think the risks are minimal , almost negligable , especially if we 're talking about new reactors . 
  there was chernobyl but that 's it , nothing really serious in decades . 
  long time to take online - true , this is just one part of a big equation that answers whether it 's more economical than other sources of energy . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm interested in , how much is it expensive compared to gas . 
  i do n't think waste is a big problem , it 's a good trade-off . 
  a big no-no to a bunch of greentards but why would pragmatic people be against it ? 
  newer reactors are order ( s ) of magnitude more efficient afaik . 
  is n't this best left to the market ? 
  i 'm not saying it is , just asking . 
  the key question is , why does n't some telco company make roaming cheaper to win market share ? 
  lol , true !, 
   unlike many of you however , i do not view population decline as a good thing in general nor do i believe that robots are going to become a good substitute for human workforce within the 21st century . 
  depends , it would be interesting to see a thorough analysis of the economic effect of slow population decline . 
  pehaps it would result in quality of life increase because you 'd have more resources per capita . 
  what do you think would be the optimal population size of russia ( optimal in terms of quality of life ) ? 
   the current trend of ` money is more important to me in life than having a happy family and raising babies ' disgusts me . 
  it 's fine that it disgusts you but it 's equally fine that some people think they 'll be happier without kids . 
  both are just subjective feelings . 
  since 19th february 2008 . 
  it 's very slightly more likely . 
  my example is a * browser-side code that detects an ad-blocker * by testing whether a url request succeeds . 
  my example is n't a `` browser-side code detecting ad-blocker '' ? 
  why ? 
  with clinton and obama . 
  ad-blocker detection is for example testing whether you can load a specific url . 
  can you point out the quote from the eu letter pictured in the article , that says this is not allowed ? 
  because it would be pretty crazy if this was illegal . 
  it 's not illegal . 
  it 's hard to monetize web content in other way than ads . 
  they just try to maximize their profit , i think it 's as legitimate to detect ad blockers as it is to use them . 
  if you do n't like they do that , no one forces you to browse their website . 
  i use ad blockers too but ca n't believe the entitlement in this thread . 
  asblong as it 's profitable , they 'll stay . 
  i do n't think western europe cares about us , the eu funding is not the result of altruistic feelings of an average western european . 
   accept large-scale immigration from other eu countries we have a large ukrainian minority but we would definitely not accept a large-scale muslim immigration , it 's risky . 
   them having fled violence and all there was a highly medialized case here when we had a program of accepting about a hundred of iraqi christian `` refugees '' ... after most of them left , the program was stopped . 
  one family tried to get to germany , they were detained there and returned back here and chose to go home ( lol - refugees ) instead of applying for asylum . 
  i heard similar thing happened in poland . 
  i like that . 
  can we join ? 
  where would you move to ? 
  switzerland ? 
  the company i guess ... just trying to understand how this `` legal tax evasion '' works ... 
   and then they will pay a maximum of money through shady deals like `` licensing ' or `` administrative fees '' to a company that is hardly more than an empty shell how will they get the money back from the shell company ? 
  it definitely needs to get cut down - by a lot . 
  i am appalled . 
  i think my proposal `` czechistan '' was not given enough consideration . 
  fine by me . 
  perhaps you would check `` famous '' people ( e.g. 
  politicians ) ... and maybe there 's a service where someone checks anyone for you . 
  also , it would be fun to troll people this way , i would make a script to check every citizen 's tax report . 
  if you only read the title :  just one caveat , introduced in 2014 ... he will be sent an email telling you have been checking on him what 's the public opinion about this ? 
  i think people here would consider it an unacceptable breach of privacy . 
  gypsies were the hipsters of ussr . 
  surgery . 
  do n't get too excited . 
  yes , the shoes must go off !, 
  why stop there , i want a ( non-looping ) animation !, 
  now get to work mods !, 
  it serves as a motivation for non-eu countries to join . 
  i agree . 
  upvoted . 
   the plan is to change the header image regularly i ~ ~ propose ~ ~ demand it changes daily . 
  well me personally yes , not the other czechs :d, 
  yes , but do n't think you deserve it , 
  well , for me it 's really a dislike of islam ( set of beliefs , way of thinking , mentality ) , not a nationality , there 's something really offputting about it , kind of similar to how i feel about scientology or mormons but with a different flavour . 
  as for the harem quote , i obviously do n't hate her or think it 's representative , in my mind , large subset of young turks probably have a fairly similar mentality as people here . 
  what is it about ? 
  it says `` video not available in your country '', 
  oh ok , thanks for clarification . 
  as for not liking muslim majority countries - by `` excuses '' you mean reasons that hide the real reason ? 
  most people here openly dislike islam , especially in the last about 5 years . 
  well my current understanding is kind of like that , that turks in general are not big fans of kurds ( i know there 's a distinction between pkk and other kurds but do n't know much besides that ) . 
  harem - there was a story about erdogan 's wife praising harems as schools for life for girls . 
  turkey has been portrayed quite negatively in the media recently - various allegations regarding isis , something about erdogan 's wife and harem , people here quite like the kurds , etc. 
  it could be the migration crisis , most people here dislike merkel . 
  first time romani are not at the bottom . 
  we do n't deserve it but thanks , 
  we actually do n't have the technology for electronic elections ( assuming we want similar security as paper elections ) . 
   imagine if 80 million people in germany would have to decide personally about fiscal policy , foreign policy or any other policy . 
  they would not under the swiss model . 
  too true . 
  not mutually exclusive , 
  most people make similarly stupid intuition/feeling-based arguments all the time , it 's annoying , i always have an instinctive urge to correct them ( https://xkcd.com/386/ ) .
