  i too was shocked . 
  this one is already delisted , is n't it ? 
  i resubmitted uneditorialized version an hour ago , i prefer doing nothing with it . 
  : why english-only comment  ? 
  but in this case it 's not a small correction . 
  the title is completely wrong . 
  french jews live in different places , have different experiences , have different personality traits ( anxiety , risk tolerance , danger perception ) , have different political views ( `` yes i 'm worried about immigrants but no way i 'm voting le pen !, 
  '' ) , etc. 
  bonjour , i resubmitted , but the original title is just wrong . 
  why should we follow the editorialization rule , if the title is incorrect ? 
   french jews in general remain more likely to vote on left pro-immigration parties that does in no way disprove the hypothesis that those who 're moving out do so because they 're worried about muslims . 
  i editorialized the title because `` 200 new arrivals help french immigration toward record high '' is really confusing / misleading . 
  short-term growth is not that useful because it does n't tell you much about real growth ( it depends on business cycle and other factors more than on real growth ) . 
  i can see this comment ... 
  / r/european is a terrible alternative ( at least for me ) because : 1 . 
  it 's too extreme for my taste . 
  it 's not about europe but about immigration to europe ( and there 's little diversity of opinion on this topic , which is boring ) . 
  what i 'd love to see is a europe subreddit with varied content * and * opinions but without bans for `` coded language '' and the megathread bullshit . 
  they are the few , we are the many . 
  lol , coded language , seriously ? 
  question - is suggesting to protect borders with force ( sinking ships trying to get into country 's territory ) bannable ? 
  ok but how is that relevant to the op 's comment ? 
  banned . 
  ok , enough with the puns , let 's get back to work . 
  sad , sad day . 
  rip . 
  managed to beat in a cherrypicked and not really relevant metric . 
  revenue and profits ( market cap is similar to expected sum of all future profits ) are the important numbers . 
  found the finder . 
  because these days there 's way higher demand for articles like this, 
  wholeheartedly . 
  yeah and it 's a self-inforcing feedback loop : qualified people leave -  economy goes down -  more people leave . 
  i disagree , what 's needed is more diversity . 
  i reported this submission for racism . 
  how do you define `` racist '' ? 
  i 'm really confused by this word , too vague for me ... 
  as was implied by my question - no . 
  at least if we define racism as a belief that some races are inherently superior to others . 
  why ? 
  no , let 's buy them a ticket to the us of a. 
  they are mostly reaponsible for this , so let them pay the price . 
  so when they are asked `` where are you from ? '', 
  the answer `` fuck you , i 'm not telling you ! '' ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  i just do n't see any reasonable argument against empires in your comments above . 
  first the europe and china thing - this ca n't be taken seriously from a statistical point of view - small sample size ( two ) , cherrypicked data , it 's correlation not causation and the main issue , there 's no prior hypothesis ( that would include definitions of terms such as empire , decline , etc. ) . 
  second , the complexity argument : - it 's not clear what you mean by complexity . 
  i 'd say that the czech government is similarly complex as the us federal government . 
  - even if we assume that bigger countries are more complex and that complexity is detrimental for success , you ca n't conclude that bigger countries are less successful based on this . 
  as for shared culture / language - yes i think this is the # 1 factor here . 
  the question is , what is the optimal division of responsibilities across different levels ( eu , state , region , district , ... ) . 
  ok , let 's divide czech rep to 10000 mini-states , let 's get rid of the complexity . 
  then we 'll finally catch up with germany , us and other empires !, 
  yep , 
  i really doubt there 's a negative correlation between empire size and success . 
  i wonder if the downvotes are mostly because people did n't understand the sarcasm or because they did . 
  i 'd say it 's at least 50 % more now . 
  well , the problem is that an avg gross salary difference between two countries is not a good approximation of a difference in quality of life ( or well-being , happiness , etc. ) . 
  for reasons such as - it 's a * gross * salary , it 's not ppp adjusted , it does n't take into account public spending , it does n't take into account income inequality , etc. 
  ireland has a 1.6 x higher gdp ppp per capita and a higher inequality , so the difference is not that big . 
   with exception of gypsies and drug junkies , you wont meet really poor people . 
  there are tons of homeless people in prague . 
  well , our navy is world-famous . 
  good question . 
  my hypothesis is that it 's because it 's much easier to grow big companies in the us because they have a big market . 
  some ( most ) people just have a natural instinct to correct people who they 're convinced are wrong . 
  you make a bigger issue out of it than it is . 
  to sum up what we 're talking about here : someone asked why he believes what quran says and not in what 's in harry potter . 
  i said that such comment is ok . 
  i agree that we shoud generally be respectful but i just do n't think this comment was harsh . 
  he said he believes in allah , to me it 's perhaps not on the same level as 1 +1 = 3 , but close . 
  they can of course . 
  well there are three tightly correlated things , jewish - customs and culture - religion - ethnicity, 
   does morality exist outside religion ? 
  depends on how you define `` morality '' . 
  if it 's a set of beliefs about how should we act , then the answer is yes . 
   it 's implying that the conclusion of such debate is already foregone well , it is . 
  well i think it 's ok to be slightly ironic when asking someone why they believe that 1 +1 = 3 . 
  if people were always 100 % nice , the world would be a boring place , at least for me . 
  ok , but it 's important to note here that * vast majority * of people anywhere are easily led to believe in things that are simply not true . 
  well , i meant it in a very loose sense , basically a logical , analytical , smart person . 
  if you ca n't convince me , what convinced you ? 
  how would you convince a rational person ( such as me ) that key islam beliefs are true ? 
  where do you live ? 
  what do you think about the west ( culture , mentality , people , etc. ) ? 
  what do you like and what pisses you off ? 
  how would you go about deleting isis ? 
  yeah , but it 's also a creative and amusing way to convey a key point . 
  another thing is , i really hate this increasingly common attitude that `` we should n't make fun of people believing in bullshit because they might find it offensive '' . 
  i think 1 + 1 = 3 , how dare you laugh about it !, 
  ( edit : added 2nd paragraph . ), 
  lmao , i 'd give you gold if i was a millionaire . 
  well i felt she was very emphatic and warm with her . 
  and she was also honest instead of telling her some bullshit half-lie . 
  i think she handled it remarkably well . 
  i do n't understand , what was harsh ? 
  how was it a disaster ? 
  i 'm not saying that , what i 'm saying is that we should separate 1 ) the economical and other effects of possible solutions and 2 ) given this info , finding a solution that both parties are ok with . 
  why does strong euro help germany compete within the eu ? 
  i think it does n't , similarly as strong usd does n't help california exports to mississippi or west germany 's exports to east germany .
