  for example , i saw a video of a romani ghetto , seemed very uncivilized . 
   first of all , how could you possibly even know this ? 
  i 'm not sure of it obviously , it just seems likely . 
   german leadership has been pragmatic for decades , and there are dozens of explanations for their strategy . 
  since when did politicians suddenly develop feelings for random people from africa ? 
  that 's just pure sensationalist nonsense . 
  politicians are people like us . 
  so they often care about people in africa , that 's why they give them money . 
   that is exactly what 's being said by germany . 
  except there are n't actual prison camps available , but there are facilities that serve the same purpose . 
  it 's not , people who get there from austria ( safe country ) get asylums . 
  also , germany does n't limit asylums per year . 
   which believes are the true ones ? 
  anything backed by enough evidence is probably true , for example evolution . 
   do they have real reasons to have a bad connotation on eastern europeans ? 
  yes . 
  false beliefs - islamic ones . 
  yeah , i 'm aware of that . 
  my above-average-looking sister often returns home alone at night , does n't seem to be uncomfortable . 
   i hope you 're okay that people ignore you or make the biggest efforts to make their countries non welcoming . 
  the situation would be different because now it 's millions of people with different values and ( false ) beliefs , backwards views , largely uneducated , hard to integrate , entitled and disrespectful . 
  not all of them , just a significant percentage . 
  that 's why i do n't want them here . 
  i 'd be absolutely fine with accepting refugees from europe , russia , usa , vietnam , burma , japan , etc. 
  i disagree but anyway my point was that it 's good that we do n't have to deal with problems caused by the migrants - crime , economic costs , social problems . 
  it 's pretty safe here , even on new years eve or in public pools , we 're ranked 10th in the global peace index . 
  because women are not afraid to go out alone here . 
  that 's exactly what i was saying elsewhere in this thread . 
  at the core of the problem is that the eu is too nice to the migrants , everything follows from that . 
  we 're not nice so they do n't go here . 
  i read that the migrants are adviced to avoid passing the czech republic and go to germany through austria on their facebook pages or whatever so i guess we 're doing a good job . 
   the thing is that you have a proper timeframe to build actual engineering feats , while here you have to provide care and infrastructure for potentially a million people as they are coming . 
  greece has to find a way to take care of the people who are coming tonight and tomorrow , not three months from now . 
  whether the migration stops now or in three months is not such a big deal , that 's negligable in the big picture . 
   but that does n't mean that we have to force them all on greece just because their geographic location is most convenient . 
  the idea is that if they 're forced to stay in a refugee camp in greece , they 'll stop coming . 
  or in a camp in another eu country ( could be mine if it 's not too costly and if it 's a eu-wide policy ) . 
   i think it makes no sense to believe that any government policy stems from feelings or being nice or not wanting to offend people i think that most of government policy is based on feelings , including the immigration policy in germany and sweden . 
   i would like to point out that we are already not being `` nice '' to the migrants . 
  we are only fulfilling the absolute minimum requirements dictated by our own laws that apply to every human being on eu territory . 
  we ( czech republic ) or hungary are not nice . 
  germany and sweden are . 
  if they were not nice they would say - `` if you come here from a safe country , you 're automatically not getting asylum and will wait in a prison-like camp for deportation '' - and it would have to be communicated clearly towards potential migrants . 
  yeah , that could work too but there would have to be a wall somewhere between greece and the rest of the eu . 
   that 's pretty dismissive . 
  it would be a significant engineering and humanitarian challenge . 
  engineering challenge ? 
  long tunnel under the alps is a challenge , not a fucking refugee camp . 
   but you are letting them just walk into the eu , because greece is in eu . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that you 're fine with them being in the eu , just not in your country . 
  i mean we ca n't let people just walk into the eu and act as if they had a visa , let them go to whatever country they want . 
  people without a visa should be put in asylum centers . 
   so basically what you 're saying is that you 're fine with them being in the eu , just not in your country . 
  to some extent yes . 
   anyway , greece still has sovereignty over their territory , so it 's their choice . 
  yes , although the migrants will stay in greece anyway if other eu countries close their borders . 
   there is no evidence whatsoever that the australian approach works for country which is n't in the middle of the ocean and with the numbers that we have coming from basically next door countries . 
  well , no direct evidence , but we should try it at least . 
  if the migrants knew that they 'll live in a prison-like camp after getting here , they 'll reconsider it , they 're not that stupid . 
  i think the core problem is that the eu is unwilling to be less nice to the migrants . 
  ( example : merkel does n't want limits on asylums . 
  or what many were saying about hungarian fence . ), 
  everything else follows from that . 
  do n't tell me that if a million migrants walk into europe , we just have to obediently accept them and give them money . 
  no need , they do n't go here . 
  ( and those few who do are locked up in asylum centers where they usually wait for deportation . ), 
  haha :d plan b then , keep them in greece . 
  just a bunch of shipping containers , not that difficult . 
  yeah , greece would not like it but we ca n't let millions people just walk into the eu . 
  i 'm sure the news would spread among the migrants . 
  the australian approach works . 
  under thise constraints it 's quite hard ... perhaps water cannons ? 
  why ca n't i push or tow them back ? 
  exactly , if they know nothing good expects them here , they stop coming . 
  simple . 
  how about massive camps within greece paid by the eu ? 
  contains the problem and they will stop coming to greece soon afterwards ( why come to greee to live in a camp ) . 
  not a perfect solution , but there are only bad and terrible solutions . 
   the previous government did exactly this ( before 1-2015 , new democracy and antonis samaras as pm ) and you do n't wan na know what was happening within the walls of those camps  gangs of immigrants intimidanting other immigrants , abuse , violence and extorsions , even black market for basic stuff plus the riot police had to be on guard 24/7 because immigrants would revolt . 
  then try to operate the camp better ( i would be fine with paying for this from my taxes ) . 
  if it 's not possible , well it 's not an ideal situation but i think it 's still better than if these people freely roamed the eu . 
  and after all , they all came from safe countries ( mostly turkey ) , it 's not our responsibility to do more than the absolute minimum . 
   and all those things happened before the massive refugee/immigration waves of 2015 . 
  this thing needs to be solved by a common act from all the eu members , not just by greece , germany , czech republic or anyone else on their own the solution is protecting borders with force plus making sure they know nothing good expects them here ( wait for deportation in a camp ) . 
  the actual solution is stopping or limiting the migration . 
  if your gov really wanted , they would find a way to stop the migration . 
  for example detain them in asylum camps and decline asylum to a vast majority of them . 
  they would stop coming . 
  beleavers is quite clever . 
  join v8 and slowly take over the eu . 
  well you can make generalizations about a larger group based on a small sample of it with some degree of confidence . 
  well , there is ( not as big as you describe though ) . 
  not just that . 
  and yes , there is a fundamental difference . 
  there 's a lot of space to live in germany . 
   because the attackers are widely described as looking arab or north african . 
  which is why , of course , liberals like me are reluctant to talk about it . 
  i 'm glad most people here are , it turned out to be practical :d as for me - maybe to some extent but i try to be unbiased and pragmatic above all . 
  that 's one data point - pretty much useless for making inferences about police effectiveness . 
  they came to the uk voluntarily , so they should adapt , not the other way around .
