  be more socially acceptable to be unemployed . 
  i like that . 
  - in some proposals , unemployed people would get more money ( and employed would have lower income after taxes ) . 
  therefore employed people would be poorer . 
  - in some proposals , there would be a higher income jump when you get employed . 
  but you have to take that money somewhere . 
  so perhaps the unemployed people would be poorer . 
  or rich people would be poorer , so for example , an engineer would pay 70 % taxes , instead of 50 % . 
  - every unemployed person - pensioners , physically disabled , people who just do n't want to work - gets the same amount of money . 
  less bureaucracy but pobably does n't offset the drawbacks of this . 
  a better approach would be to make the system as simple as possible , but no simpler . 
  edit : added another item . 
  perhaps it will , depends how hard is it to overcome the fence . 
  the problem is , people who want to be moderators are often people who should never be moderators . 
   shitty nations for real ? 
  i pressed the downote button hard . 
  it was mostly a joke but i 'm increasingly liking iran . 
  it would be interesting to have iran and israel in the eu  from your comments you seem to be iranian - how do people in iran view eu ? 
  breaking news : isis vetoes military intervention against isis . 
  `` gravely concerned '' france and germany call for stronger action against militants . 
  my vote goes to iran . 
  i like boris johnson , he 's fun and likeable . 
  meanwhile 4.4 % y/y growth in the czech rep. 
  that 's nothing else than an unsubstantiated assumption . 
  i 'd say putin cares about russia * and * himself . 
  ( s ) he did n't say it was a * friendly * reminder . 
  it 's not much of a thing but it 's something people joke about from time to time . 
   what does it has to do with exports ? 
  you said that oil lost 58 % - but this is the brent oil price . 
  i guess it 's ok to assume that exported oil and gas mirror this price - but what about the oil and gas sold domestically ? 
   what ? 
  the only thing i 'm talking about is the oil production . 
  i thought you were talking about price , not about price * production . 
  2 reasons why this is incorrect ( and perhaps there are others ) : - assumes that 100 % of oil industry profits comes from oil exports . 
  - does n't take oil production into account . 
  blue symbolizes sea - something that the czech people always longed to have . 
  the meaning of red is unsure , probably blood . 
  and of course white represents ice hockey , our national sport . 
  you ca n't make calculations like that . 
  x % oil price decline does n't imply x % decline of oil industry gdp . 
  and more importantly , if oil industry vanishes , it takes down other parts of the economy ( restaurants near oild fields , oil workers stop buying stuff , etc. ) . 
  and i 'm sure there are other things to consider . 
  prague , we have cheap beer . 
  the only downside is that people here dislike immigrants so it may not be the optimal location e.g. 
  for muslims . 
  get back to the drawing board and try to develop the best tax system in the world . 
  it should have few parameters , some of them may be customized by member states . 
  you mean that he has a very deep voice ? 
  so 4 billion in 2100 . 
  surely the food and water supply is able to grow 4x too and there 's no reason to fear wars and massive migration . 
  anyway , i 'm putting all my money into wall-building companies . 
  average or median wage would be more interesting . 
  i did n't hint at any explanation . 
  btw , finland used to be fairly poor before ww2 . 
  well , we must stop funding research in order to decrease chocolate consumption and therefore obesity !, 
  thanks , glad to hear that . 
  danish visits often even make it to the news , 
  center and areas close to center are nice but i think tourists who like prague have never seen the panelaks . 
  i wish there was an economical way to solve this `` problem '' . 
  yeah , berlin was nice but there 's nothing that would make me love it , lacked atmosphere and uniqueness for me , sort of boring . 
  yeah , prague is quite popular among ( especially young ) danes . 
  yeah , i think switzerland is the best country to live in . 
  clean , nice , close to beautiful nature . 
  other cities i 've been in - prague , rome , berlin , bratislava , dresden , london . 
  london and rome are nice too . 
   while i feel sorry for the average russian i think they would find this more insulting than if you said `` good , fuck them '' . 
  this correlates with gdp a lot . 
  we too thanks, 
  ok , thanks , although i find it hard to believe that the public transit is better in brno . 
  in prague metro / trams / buses are usually on time ( metro + -5 s , trams and buses can have delays but usually not more than a minute or two ) . 
  the only problem i can think of is smelly homeless people in trams , especially in winter . 
  most of these rankings are bullshit because they 're using a metric that does n't correlate well with what most people consider quality of life . 
  technically it 's not a bias , but yeah i agree . 
  why ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  by conservative ( compared to me , not to other countries ) i mostly meant that people are reluctant to new things , ideas , etc. 
   getting our qol to the level of switzerland or sweden seems achievable in a few decades , but we will never reach their level of prestige if something scandalous does n't happen in those countries . 
  well i 'd say both are about equally hard to achieve but qol is what 's matters , international reputation is nice but not really important . 
   we are too reliant on other countries for our progress , we will always lag behind tbh if something does n't change . 
  yeah i mostly agree , but when implementing some new policy / system , we should try to do it better than anywhere else in the world , instead of copying what 's a neighbour country doing . 
   but the fact that babi\u0161 was elected even when 52 % of people believe he is in a significant clash of interests signals something about our youth and middle-aged population i have mixed feelings about babis , i do n't think he 's that bad , you 're right with the clash of interests but from the alternatives in the parliament , i 'd say only kdu is better . 
  what about switzerland though ? 
  and the weather . 
  why czech flair , you currently live here ? 
  out of curiosity , what are/were you doing in de and cz ? 
  lol . 
  no i think germany is actually on of the most admired countries in the world . 
  ( albeit some parts of its history . ), 
  why not ? 
  pride is always illogical in a way . 
  why should you feel proud for things you have personally achieved ? 
  all of your achievements are the result of your dna + environment . 
  you could also argue that people should not celebrate when their football team wins . 
  it 's true in a way , but it feels good , so why avoid it . 
  the way i interpret `` dreaming big '' in this case is not international influence or absolute numbers - it 's more about becoming a country similar to or better than switzerland or sweden ( both have similar population sizes ) in terms of quality of life and other stats independent on pupulation size . 
  i mean , there are many areas - for example egovernment , education , welfare system , tax system - with tons of space for innovation and improvement . 
  for instance , i think we could have the best egovernment in the world within 5 to 10 years if we had a more progressive leadership . 
  but it seems that most people here tend to be fairly conservative and narrow-minded . 
   our way of thinking , that we are to small to dream big this 100x times . 
  at least in the it industry , my experience is that companies only aim at the czech or at most eastern european markets , as if they believed they ca n't make a competetive product for western markets .
