  well , i thought so . 
  i demand you do n't stub yourself otherwise i will jump off the bridge !, 
   it 's a common knowledge . 
  sorry , but this is not a real answer . 
  can you reference some peer-reviewed paper that claims that common market is significantly more beneficial to western europe ? 
  as for the rest of your comment , all of it are just unsubstianted and unquantified ( = numbers saying to what extent is something true ) assumptions . 
  analysing a really complex system such as economy , where you only know tiny parts of it , is not easy . 
  even economists whose main job are to study this do n't agree with each other . 
  for example , most economists say that free trade is almost always good but there are many who disagree . 
  is n't economist american ? 
  such hypocrisy , wow . 
  anyway , to the point , the author and everyone thinking along the same lines should see [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ) someone posted yesterday . 
  when you look at the big picture of immigration , it 's unsettling . 
  edit : the economist is british . 
  emotional blackmail . 
  i hope that hungarians are not naive . 
  `` and i also not apply asylum in serbia . 
  cause , u no , germoney . '', 
  `` no food until open border '' lol , they make it sound that they 're making us a favour by accepting food . 
  `` ok , as a form of thank you for opening the border , we decided to accept food . '', 
   common european market which benefit western europe more source ? 
  my guess is that the common market is not significantly more beneficial to we then to ee , certainly not enough to justify the demand of we -  ee payments . 
  edit : according to [ this ] ( http://faculty.london.edu/rportes/research/bfp.pdf ) economic analysis of eu enlargment ( 1997 ) , ee is predicted to benefit significantly more than we ( even if we ignore annual money transfers ) . 
  it 's called bayesian inference : prior probability of these guys being a refugees is 0.001 % . 
  wait , they look like middle-eastern muslims . 
  that makes the posterior probability 0.1 % . 
  let 's check them out . 
  it increases efficiency of police work . 
  apparently not . 
  what would be racist about that ? 
  or perhaps a better question , how do you define `` racist '' ? 
  nigeria alone is projected to be almost as populous as china by 2100 . 
   your country is part of the eu and thus also responsible to get the situation under control . 
  we do n't have a big say though ... 
  i think we suggested stricter border protection and asylum processing centers outside of eu borders or something like that . 
   again , you are also part of the eu and have to not only benefit from it but also to contribute . 
  that 's the whole idea of the eu . 
  the way i see it , the main points of the eu are ( 1 ) economics - single market , industrial standards , etc. 
  and ( 2 ) stronger position in foreign policy . 
   also to point fingers at italy and greece , who carry the burden for months , years even for the rest of the eu is a little bit too easy and to say they fucked up is utterly disrespectful . 
  ok , you may be right about this but i just do n't understand why do n't they take a tougher approach , i.e. 
  turning the boats . 
  it 's as if i refused to use force against people trying to break into my house and then complained about them being in my house . 
   so you want to cherry pick ? 
  yes , based on how difficult their situation is , ties to terrorist organizations , cultural similarity ( we do n't want people who consider beating women normal ) and expected economic benefit . 
   also just 2000 ? 
  that 's like the number that arrived in munich last weekend hourly . 
  sure germany is richer and bigger than you but still 2000 is a ridiculous small number . 
  per capita , it 's about the same as usa 's asylum quota per year . 
  and the usa is richer and more responsible for this . 
   no you do n't or is it your law to grant every immigrant asyl no matter what ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  by `` we '' i meant the eu . 
  why prefer rich syrians fleeing from turkey over people who do n't have money or are too old to take the journey ? 
  why does n't se protect their borders and implement australia-like immigration policy ? 
  that 's our strategy , 
  we do n't want quotas unless the eu gets the migration flow under control . 
  why should we help with fuckups of eu / italy / greece ? 
  i 'm ok with e.g. 
  2000 asylum seekers per year if ( 1 ) we choose them ( 2 ) outside of the eu . 
  now we give asylum mostly to people who break into the eu , which is unfair among other problems . 
  why prefer fairly rich people who are able to sustain a long journey ? 
   they argue it is n't illegal it 's certainly possible but that would be a technical issue - if we decide we do n't want something happening , we simply make it illegal . 
  if it 's legal according to some international treaty , there 's often a way around it too . 
  i think the key idea is that cheating the system ( getting to australia illegally ) gives you no advatage . 
  if we implemented that i think the migration flow would slow down a lot because why would people pay huge sums to go live in a refugee camp in / near europe . 
  this is how it could work : - only give asylums to selected applicant outside of the eu ( refugee camps around the world , embassies , special asylum processing centers near the eu ) . 
  - people who illegally get into the eu have no advantage , and are put into asylum processing centers which could be in the eu and often deported ) . 
  what 's the point of having the asylum center outside of the country by the way ? 
  me too depending on the specific policy . 
  unless it allows eu to have control on how many and who can immigrate / get asylum , i 'm out . 
  if the eu implemented an australia-like immigration / asylum policy , there would be no need to close schengen . 
  but of course , germany is against that for some reason i do n't understand . 
  i think s/he would have to have a business - but ignoring this , yes . 
  ok , this is not an objective measure of quality of life - it 's an objective measure of something that correlates to some extent with quality of life . 
  of course it is . 
  let 's say i give a begger 10 euro every day on my way to work . 
  it 's my right to stop doing this whenever i want . 
  i agree but what do you mean by objective measures ? 
  i disagree , i think that at least the czech rep could negotiate similar terms as non-eu countries like switzerland . 
  but it 's just a guess of course , we would have to do a proper analysis to find out if leaving the eu will have a bet positive outcome . 
  people who want to leave the eu of course do n't want to leave the eea ( or efta , not sure about the details ) . 
  trade agreements are mutually beneficial . 
  i would n't say magnitudes better . 
  for example , i think that the standard of living in prague is comparable to london or berlin . 
  although i 'm against the quotas , i think it 's completely ridiculous that some people consider eu money almost as their democratic right . 
  mosques welcome . 
  i think you mixed up two different news pieces . 
  konvicka was never in kdu ( probably , no mentions of that on wikipedia ) . 
  kdu expelled a different guy called kalenda , because he said something about the austrian truck with dead people . 
  i 've seen this interview but who kicked him out of where ? 
  i have a mildly positive opinion on him , i think his party is second `` best '' of those in the parliament . 
  ( after kdu - i am impressed how non-populist and honest they are about the immigration crisis . ), 
  i did n't really care about donuts , i would n't say it 's a real populism . 
  it 's somewhat similar to prague mayor giving out food to the homeless . 
  we need more people living in property , preferably in their own property . 
  thanks obama . 
  i mean merkel . 
  you should have sympathy for mentally disabled . 
  yeah , he 's a hardcore pragmatist but this is a dangerous situation for him , many of his supporters will recognize that it 's just calculated populism .
