  an less harsh alternative would be to rescue them and put them back on their ship and perhaps give them some fuel . 
  no , just do n't let them in . 
  but anyway , it 's italy 's problem i do n't care that much . 
  if you think letting them into italy is a better alternative , so be it . 
  do n't rescue them . 
  if it breaks an internationl maritime law , whatever , find some excuse , e.g. 
  that this is a special case . 
  nobody can do anything about it anyway . 
  the sea . 
  so the issue is that it 's technically hard to do that ? 
  easy , do n't let the boats into your territory and publicly announce that . 
  yeah sadly you 're right . 
  well , there 's one advantage of not being as rich as western europe , immigrants from africa mostly ignore us . 
  if you 're rich and like nature visit switzerland , it 's really nice . 
  listen to this guy \u2191 he 's an expert on this . 
  we 'll only do that after you unify the tax system . 
  tax system in the eu should be unified . 
  how much longer can the current rate of production continue ? 
  i 'm ok with gays and bisexuals but i think trisexuals are too much , they need to tone it down a bit . 
  yeah i agree to some extent but i do n't think it 's that bad tho , there 's a lot of unique and interested content there , at least for me ( i know muslims only from the media ) . 
  have a look at / r/exmuslim , it can be very difficult to leave islam . 
  there 's a subreddit support group for exmuslims - / r/exmuslim , i find the stories and problems posted there really interesting . 
  and how different is your living standard , i.e. 
  how much more food / apartments / cars can you buy ? 
  prettiest girls in general too . 
  we were fired from the eu apparently . 
  croatia is awesame but the police can get annoying sometimes . 
  it can bring income inequality and decrease of the median wage though . 
  well , you 're right that new technology does n't lead to long-term unemployment . 
  ( you can always be someone 's slave for $ 10 a day . ), 
  but technology can have a negative impact on wage inequality . 
  and i think this is indeed what 's happening right now . 
  yes , preferably the whole africa . 
  imagine the tax revenue and the booming economy if they all moved here !, 
  good question , was wondering about that too . 
  yes , iceland is famous for their electricity export . 
  hundreds of thousands people think it 's a great idea . 
  lol , why ? 
  i noticed croats ( unlike serbians ) have quite a negative attitude to liberland , is it a matter of nationalism ( i.e. , would the reaction be more positive of it was a croat , not a czech ? 
  lol , i read the first part as `` cancer-defining '' , i realized my mistake after watching the video . 
  ( notice that cancer and career look similar . ), 
  not very popular in the czech republic . 
  if you consider czech republic ee , than no , majority of girls certainly do n't look like this -- and i do n't believe it 's different in russia , the photos are * clearly * not of randomly chosen people . 
  i 'd say that for most people no . 
  3rd pic is homosexual propaganda , immediately closed the tab and reported to authorities . 
  possible explanation : evolution - men have selected their wifes , not the other way around . 
  interview with the photographer , update on the story at the end ( amar and his family finally got to germany ) : http://video.aktualne.cz/dvtv/krupar-vedle-me-se-topila-holcicka-upchlikum-jde-o-zivot, 
  interview with the photographer , update on the story at the end ( amar and his family finally got to germany ) : http://video.aktualne.cz/dvtv/krupar-vedle-me-se-topila-holcicka-upchlikum-jde-o-zivot, 
  ok , i 'll buy some finlandia . 
  be careful finland . 
  they might fire you from the nordics if you do n't get your economy together . 
  our currency does n't have a fixed exchange rate ( if this is what you meant ) . 
  well , i 'd rather act immorally than give up my living standards . 
  from a utilitarian perspective , the moral thing to do would be to give most of my income to poor people . 
  think whatever you want about this but i do n't want to act fully morally - i do n't want to share europe 's wealth with millions of africans who want to move here . 
  yesterday i 've read a fascinating story by two journalists who traveled undercover with a group of migrants who wanted to get to europe from egypt over sea . 
  it 's quite eye-opening to see it from that perspective . 
  [ german ] ( http://www.zeit.de/zeit-magazin/2014/23/fluechtlinge-mittelmeer-syrien-aegypten ) and [ czech ] ( http://reportermagazin.cz/a-pred-nami-je-stesti/ ) versions . 
  we should relocate the illegal immgrants to liberland , i heard they have very liberal immigration laws . 
  that 's depressing . 
  i guess i 'll move to canada . 
   if they 're genuine asylum seekers than no . 
  why ? 
  what if we 're talking about millions of people here ? 
  i 'm ok with immigrants that are net benefit to my country but most of the immigrants from africa are net burden , they make citizens of the country poorer . 
  and they typically have high fertility rate . 
  valid point , upvoted . 
  are you people for real ? 
  what 's wrong with a russian gas pipeline in greece ? 
  is n't potato lithuana 's thing ? 
  that 's a popular ( and wrong ) opinion . 
  yeah , let 's do it !, 
  decades . 
   i feel that democracy is more catered towards bringing in short-term , visible changes , so that politicians can get re-elected that is a mainstream opinion , at least here . 
   that would be me sorry , you 're late , that position is already taken ( by me ) . 
  it 's in the bottom drawer . 
  who is the muslim mod ? 
  / u/europemods , how do you define racist ? 
  it 's a very vague word that can have tons of possible meanings . 
  i know i 'm racist according to some definiions and i do n't see any problem with it . 
  jumping on the bandwagon ... fourded . 
  i disagree , i 'm pretty sure they 're serious . 
  i first read this as an `` american genocide '' , which actually makes sense too . 
  -2 edgy3 .14 me, 
  come on , we do n't understand those mountain germans , slovakia is the only correct choice !, 
  ok , that 's an interesting fact , but it does n't contest my point . 
  true if we 're talking about private investors . 
  but the society invests ( via taxes ) into the kind of research you 've described , because it expects some kind of `` profit '' ( not necessarily financial ) to the society . 
  research is very often profit motivated . 
  anyway , my point was - if a government wants to spend money on research , there are several options and increasing military budget is near the bottom of that list . 
   yeah , darpa affiliates , argonne national , livermore , jpl , nsa , picatinny : they just do n't invent anything !, 
  i did n't say that military money does n't produce any innovations . 
  i said that `` military spending is a terribly inefficient way to invest into technology innovation '' . 
  when you think about it , it 's pretty obvious . 
  simply make it clear that we wo n't let them in . 
  the smugglers will stop smuggling , unless they have suicidal tendencies . 
  putin is onto something . 
  so , why is he warning about this , instead of supporting it ? 
  they have one of the best presidents in the eu , we have the worst . 
  if it was newly borrowed money ... but yeah , why spend it on military instead of on better highways or giving it to people directly .
