  i think the joke was fine . 
  it was good , it was the top comment , but some of the mods are [ * censored * ] . 
  it 's just a joke ... 
  prejudice is just statistics in a way ... 
  they just have weird definitions of racism . 
  no , justice is when people who commit crimes are punished . 
  in this case , some guys from north africa were sexually attacking women , that 's pretty much certain . 
  there are no video recordings identifying the attackers ( i assume ) , therefore no useful proof , so there will be no justice . 
  yeah , they wo n't get any sentence , that 's what i meant . 
  they might get some unofficial justice ( unlikely ) . 
  i do n't get your point or how it 's related to my comment ... 
  it 's simple , there are no proofs , there will be no justice . 
  it was obvious they wo n't convict ( almost ) nobody . 
  unless you have a video recording , you ca n't prove it ( usually ) . 
  i sleep and reddit , that 's not nothing ... 
  lol so true . 
  source : i 'm lazy and czech . 
  interesting thing is that polish and ukrainian name for april is closely related the czech name for may ( kv\u011bten ) . 
  too much risk for little gain , it 's even hard to imagine what narrative would they want to spread . 
  btw , china uses paid internet commenters extensively within the chinese internet . 
  yes . 
   it 's about both . 
  the lower number of re-launches you build the higher the costs . 
  ok , agree with that . 
   first of all : they are already competitive , as i said earlier on . 
  well , depends on how you define competitive . 
  yes , they can win contracts but overall / on average , spacex simply offers a lower price . 
   secondly : they do cut prices . 
  already with ariane 5 and soon with ariane 6 . 
  in fact a64 has lower advertised price per kilogram than both : falcon 9 and falcon heavy . 
  according to wiki , a64 has a projected cost of $ 96m / 11000kg = $ 8727/kg compared to falcon 9 's $ 62m / 8300kg = $ 7470/kg . 
  plus , the next version of f9 will have better manufacturability ( lower price ) and higher thrust ( more payload ) . 
  and reusability might push the price down even more by a little , but that 's just speculation based on unofficial gto payload estimates and 30 % price cut . 
   it wo n't be cheaper only if you assume high volume of flights . 
  in low volume , as all the current trends are showing , it 's definitely going to be cheaper than re-using the entire first stage . 
  ( hence why spacex is creating its satellite constellation - they need high number of launches to make the whole system profitable , otherwise it makes no sense ) . 
  not sure i understand your point correctly , but it 's about number of reuses per first stage , not absolute volume . 
   for small sats the price is the same , for large sats spacex got the edge do you have the source for this ? 
  i 've just did a quick research and spacex seems to have significantly lower prices . 
   and so in 2016 arianespace beaten spacex in a market share for a new contracts signed , just like it did in 2015 . 
  i think spacex is supply-limited , not demand-limited , they 're just not able to launch quickly enough . 
  if i recall correctly , spacex already had more launches than arianespace in 2016 and they want to do 3x of that in 2017 . 
   considering that falcon 9 reusability cuts prices by 30 % - it 's right on the spot . 
  well , arianespace needs to cut cost down more to be competetive . 
  it 's too little too late . 
  when / if it 's finished some time after 2020 , spacex will be reflying their falcon 9 and falcon heavy rockets regularly , blue origin might be reflying their heavy launch rocket ... it will be very tough to compete on that market , even more than today . 
  ed __ is right , the system wo n't be cheaper . 
  spacex is significantly cheaper even without reusability . 
  adeline is expected to cut flight cost only by 20 to 30 % , not enough to be competitive with spacex . 
  also , adeline is in its early stages of development . 
  honestly , arianespace ( or pretty much any spacex competitor ) is in a tough place , it 's pretty much impossible to compete on price with spacex . 
  yes , economic sanctions are working . 
  we are allied with him , the problem is he might damage the partnership by criticizing merkel and the eu instead of russia 's involment in ukraine . 
  it 's not black and white but yes , you could consider russia and trump 's administration our enemies . 
  russia wants eu breakup . 
  bannon and probably trump too . 
  by agreeing with putin on every matter for some reason . 
  this makes him a threat to eu unity and to ukraine . 
  possibly even to the safety of baltic states . 
  trade, 
  what do you mean for example ? 
  i guess i interpreted your comment incorrectly . 
  the good thing is that eu has a bigger economy . 
  stopping trade altogether would be bad for the eu but horrible for russia . 
  i feel you man , this really sucks : / i hope eu will pressure russia to back the fuck off . 
  are you serious , you do n't see the difference between the us and russia ? 
  what makes russia different from a country like italy is : - their willingness ( and ability ) to intervene in other countries , stemming from their superpower ambitions . 
  russia is very power-hungry . 
  look at ukraine , syria , georgia . 
  or their extensive spy network and propaganda operations in eastern europe and beyond . 
  they even helped to elect a an american president whom they can to some extent manipulate . 
  russia also supports anti-eu parties across europe because they do n't want european unity , it goes against their imperial ambitions . 
  - authoritarian form of government , which has its advantages . 
  putin does n't have to play by the rules , he can do much more than the public would allow their leaders in democracies . 
  it 's not hugely inaccurate to say he 's the dictator of russia , he controls the media , government , etc. 
  - military . 
  exactly , what a wasted opportunity . 
  it is , you just need to think about it a little more . 
  ok , but i 'm sceptical even of that . 
  is it really the optimal way to spend the money ? 
  why not put it into nanotechnology and biology research ? 
  what are the returns to wider economy of sending a probe to mars ? 
  in general yes , but that 's not what i 'm arguing - that the `` investing in space is a great r&d investment '' argument does n't sound convincing at all . 
  honestly , i do n't know , i just feel like replying a lot today . 
  there 's no hidden meaning behind it . 
  well , what i really meant is that this `` return to wider economy '' argument is probably to some extent bs , which should be evident if you read the article and thought a bit about it . 
  yes , it 's obviously just my opinion . 
  i 'm generally a fan and follower of space programs , it 's only that i 'm sceptical of the ` new space technology is also useful on earth ' argument . 
  agree , i actually support the space program for a bunch of reasons . 
  but i 'm just sceptical of the `` it 's a profitable r&d program '' argument . 
  yeah , i replied to it . 
  honestly , i do n't find that convincing at all . 
  it 's not a return on investment but `` return to wider economy '' , whatever that means . 
   the induced revenues account for the increased spending that results from the industry 's existence ; for example , a space engineer 's increased spending on goods and services . 
  yeah , but this would be true even if those engineers received the money without doing anything at all . 
  ok , give me a link clearly showing that esa has a high roi . 
  that 's nothing but speculation , it 's just something people always say without thinking whether it 's true . 
  my guess is that space research does n't have an especially good return on investment . 
  and that 's coming from someone who supports space programs . 
  well , i did .
