  germans and their sense of humour . 
  do n't take everything literally . 
  well , i guess , but there are different levels of spying , wiretapping merkel is too much , it 's way too disrespectful . 
  considering that defending is easier , that the eu has a higher military expenditures and that it 's economically stronger , i would put my money on the eu being able to defend against the evil russia . 
  it 's true that most eu countries do n't spend much on military but i see that as a pragmatic and reasonable decision . 
   in the meantime , we would prefer to be coordinated with the us . 
  you have the right for that , but what i 'm arguing is that the eu is able to defend against the evil russians or crazy north koreans . 
   of course france also spies all around europe . 
  sure , every nation spies . 
  but what the usa + uk are doing is thorough spying on their own citizens and allies . 
  i do n't believe that france would , for example , wiretap merkel 's or obama 's conversations . 
  civilised nations should n't do that . 
  shit , we 'll have to build our own . 
  yes , i do n't , we 'll have to use yours , hopefully you 'll be okay with that . 
  but who knows , you betrayed us last time . 
  the eu 's military expenditures are much bigger than russia 's , so we 'll be fine . 
  especially considering that defending is easier than attacking . 
  france is spying too ? 
  source ? 
  i held them in higher regard . 
  i 'm just trolling , 
  she looks suspicious for some reason . 
  sorry , but most definitely yes . 
  the key is minimal cooperation individual armies . 
  and if it gets bad ... just nuke the fuck out of them !, 
  we have some nukes and can make more if necessary . 
  apparently there is a german downvote brigade operating here . 
  they start with the downvotes , what 's next ? 
  it 's 1939 all over again . 
  reason for the downvotes ? 
  this is a failure of democracy . 
  democracy means `` rule of the people '' but the government does the opposite what people want . 
  we need more direct democracy . 
  it makes us feel morally superior , which releases dopamine . 
  i disagree , even without the usa , we 're strong enough to defend against the evil russians or crazy north koreans . 
  yes , that empty hole drives me nuts , filling it would be so satisfying . 
  this must not be left without a response . 
  i propose we hit it hard and we hit if fast with a major -- and i mean major -- leaflet campaign and possibly even some benefit concerts . 
  i propose economic sanctions for germany and the uk , we should be tough on countries that surely collaborate with the nsa . 
  we should force switzerland to join the eu . 
  you 're either with us or against us , no middle ground . 
  i do n't expect much resistance , they have much weaker military . 
  i do n't accept gravity , it 's clearly immoral . 
   with a few drinks in them that 's how they should do these surveys . 
  i would participate in as many as possible . 
  when i discovered sites like reddit and quora few years ago , one of the wtfs was that atheism ( and religion ) was mentioned so frequently , it was even a default subreddit . 
  intelligent , witty , friendly and beautiful people . 
  delicious food . 
  stunning countryside . 
  great climate and weather . 
  awesome military . 
  schools should rather focus on education quality , like teaching the muslim students that they 're in the 21th century and that eating pork is completely ok . 
  i wanted to say that reddit apparently lacks a sense of humour , but after reading your comments , i can see you were n't joking . 
  how the hell could the * average * icelander spend 22 hours per day online ? 
   being confronted with americans on the internet was a cultural shock to me really , why ? 
  no we do n't , it 's fucking stupid , leave that to the 12 year olds . 
  oh ok , that makes sense . 
  i wish you good luck , your country definitely has potential . 
  we have pretty high level of corruption too , but there 's been a lot of public pressure in the past few years and it seems that it 's slowly getting better . 
  for me , they 're in the group of the most developed countries , together with : finland , iceland , switzerland , netherlands , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  good at hockey , except denmark . 
  sweden is the least likeable , perhaps it 's their smug hockey coach , or maybe something else . 
  finland most likeable . 
  overrated , at least on reddit . 
  i do n't know i was just kidding , 
  yes , he sleeps in the gym . 
  you should do an ama by the way . 
  i do n't know but i find it quite funny ( sorry ) . 
  are you looking for a job ? 
  where do you access internet , in the gym ? 
  yep . 
  sure , if it is really the result of corruption - why is it worse than in russia , bulgaria or romania ? 
  what is the lower-level reason ? 
   nukes we should start building a missile shield . 
  two reasons : - it would piss putin off . 
  - it would protect us against putin 's nukes . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well , i do n't like * all of them * but i like a lot of your comedians , sitcoms and panel shows . 
  but i did n't get your joke , i had to look up `` dis '' on urban dict , apparently it means `` disrespect '' . 
  i was just saying my opinion , do n't downvote just because you disagree . 
  ( btw , as i said elsewhere , i 'm a big fan of british humour . ), 
   what relevance does this have ? 
  mean reply to a mean comment , 
  downvotes ? 
  oh , come on , is this by british people ? 
  yes , 37 % , sorry :( but i think it 's changing now as you 're more in the news . 
  cheap labour . 
  i personally see ukraine as the most tragic and future-less european country , it 's sad . 
  why is the country so fucked up , what are the underlying reasons ? 
  the gdp per capita is * twice * lower than in bulgaria , why ? 
  russia is the least liked country in europe . 
  no , he means `` now crimea '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure this thread will be dead by that time , 
  mr bean is overrated imho . 
  i 'd rather recommend how not to live your life , underrated . 
  china ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  very positively . 
  according to a week-old survey , 83 % of czechs would like briton as a neighbour . 
  only slovaks fared better , with 90 % .
