  who should do what in your opinion ? 
  the separatists are most likely responsible because : 1 . 
  the have a history of shooting down planes in that area . 
  their leader bragged on a social network that they shot down a presumed ukrainian military plane in that area and then deleted the post . 
  they bragged on twitter that the have buk missiles a month ago , deleted the tweet , and now claim they do n't have those missiles . 
  there are many , many , many threads answering this both on / r/europe and the rest of reddit . 
   contrary to earlier news he was not robbed , drugged or raped . 
  the police could n't find a proof for his claims , that 's all , they did n't prove he was lying . 
  exactly my thoughts , fuck them . 
  finally a stat that we 're really good at !, 
  are us states really more homogenous than european countries ? 
  lots ( most ? ), 
  of wealth redistribution is on the federal level . 
  i did n't say that population diversity plays a big role -- only that it 's a factor . 
  europe as a whole is more * culturally * diverse , but * ethnically * ? 
  it depends on how you define ethnical diversity . 
   `` well it only works in europe because those countries are small and homogeneous . '', 
  is that wrong ? 
  i 'd say that if the us were more homogenous , people there would be more ok with wealth redistribution . 
  compared to the us , european countries are ethnicly and culturally definitely less diverse . 
  it has it 's positives and negatives , i 'd say the positives prevail . 
  we need a 21st century name . 
  what about #europe ? 
  or #yourope to make it more interesting ? 
  that looks completely reasonable . 
  people do n't want politicians to say the truth . 
  i got ta agree with yishan wong :  the majority of voters do n't like logic and honesty . 
   try it . 
  go around for a day and be relentlessly `` logical '' and `` honest '' with everyone you meet . 
  they do n't like it . 
  people like to be lied to , or at least have their unpleasant truths presented diplomatically . 
  or best of all , they would prefer for you to finesse away the unpleasantness , take care of it quietly , and give them something they like instead . 
  this is what most politicians are trained to do - speak in emotionally engaging but content-free pleasantries . 
  they are giving the market what it wants . 
  here , have an $ . 
  for autobahn . 
   why greece is n't considered south europe and albania ? 
  should it be considered se too ? 
  i meant that people say , for example , that the czech republic is an eastern-european country , which is geographically incorrect , it 's central-european . 
   eastern europe is called eastern europe because it 's the eastern part of europe . 
  the problem is that when people use that term , they usually do n't mean eastern part of europe but post-communist countries in europe . 
  what 's boring are the peaceful countries . 
  peace = boooring news , i got ta agree with [ george carlin ] ( http://youtu.be/4gzu_9pdqbc?t=44m45s ) . 
  funny comment for a slovenian , so i decided to make an exception and upvote !, 
  11th , that 's not bad . 
  but what worries me is that slovenia is very close behind us . 
  we must be careful , one mistake and they get ahead !, 
  he most likely was n't . 
  just wait a few years . 
  revenge is coming !, 
   the far-right had its votes from the youth . 
  or from the unemployed ( mostly young people ) ? 
  i proposed changing the name to czechistan but it was refused without , i thought , proper consideration . 
  russia / north korea . 
  the trick is to remember that north korea is the one with the funny-looking fat dictator . 
  russia is the one with the topless dictator . 
  one of them should rename itself . 
  or they should unite under a new name . 
  czech republic / chechen republic , so confusing . 
  the trick is to remember `` czech beer '' and `` chechen terrorists '' !, 
  why , what 's wrong with france ? 
  but the uk has good tv shows and comedians . 
  i suggest sweden as a compromise . 
  plus communists outside of russia . 
  we need to get rid of them too . 
  there 's too much of them on this subreddit considering they have a 2 million population . 
  they also have a very similar name and flag as slovakia , although i do n't know who was first , it may be slovakia 's fault as well . 
  agree , upvote !, 
  yes , mostly in eastern ukraine . 
  that is a very pessimistic estimate though . 
  optimistic estimates are way above that ( thousands or more years ) . 
  after reading [ peak uranium ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peak_uranium ) , i think that what you described wo n't happen . 
  note that : - fuel price is just a fraction of the nuclear electricity price . 
  - existing breeder reactors or the 4th gen reactors in development use orders of magnitude less fuel . 
  - there 's lot of uranium underwater . 
  basically yes , i did n't include you because i heard that the poles like us . 
  yep , i meant fritzl of course . 
  of course , i forgot . 
  you must be german . 
  good qeustion , lol !, 
  it 's a hard decision , there are several good options : - russia . 
  not as straightforward decision as you might think , because we would lose * lot 's * of land , oil , gas and other resources . 
  - ukraine . 
  poor and inhabited by too many pro-russian fascists . 
  they 're small and poor . 
  small , insignificant , annoying . 
  europe without slovenia would be a better europe . 
  - germany . 
  they 're rich but do we need people without a sense of humour ? 
  people who love to blindly follow orders ? 
  the two most famous austrians are hitler and fritzl . 
  do i need to say more ? 
  - czech republic . 
  the less annoying , weird and narrow-minded people the better . 
  - france . 
  they 're arrogant and ca n't speak english . 
  they have lot 's of nuclear power plants though ... - sweden . 
  too self-obsessed , too autistic . 
  and they notoriously cheat at various country comparisons and rankings . 
  - albania .
