  of course , it was a reply to :  so , what ? 
  russia is supposed to ignore finland sanctioning it ? 
  you do n't do things just beause you can . 
  they can also ban wood eu-wide . 
  nah , not just reddit ... anyway , sorry , it was just a little joke , do n't take it too seriously . 
  the two countries are confusing for me because here 's how the translation to czech looks like : lithuana -  litva latvia -  loty\u0161sko, 
  what specific laws for example ? 
  edit : by `` mistakes '' i meant that even though the law is reasonable in most situations , there are situations where it 's better not to follow the law . 
  and another problem with human right laws is that they 're vague . 
  i mean , why ban wood from finland specifically instead banning wood from the eu ? 
  well , 1 ) it would n't be random 2 ) the law changes every day . 
  well , if they refuse to cooperate , do n't let them out of the camp . 
  the point is that russia is sanctioning some states more than others . 
   i wrongly assumed we all agreed accepting refugees is a decent thing to do . 
  yeah , i just do n't know what `` decent '' means . 
  is giving 50 % of your salary to the poor decent ? 
  anyway , my view on this is that it 's ok if wealthy countries keep their wealth to themselves . 
  i would n't say laws in particular , it 's the general mentality which is partly reflected in some laws . 
  as for human rights - it 's just a set of vague rules agreed upon by some people . 
  and people make mistakes . 
   to deport someone you need to know where they come from , which is frequently not the case . 
  why not ask them ? 
  you 're really deluded . 
  how do you define `` decent thing '' ? 
  why should we do decent things by this definition ? 
  that 's exactly right . 
  not sure if they would want to unite with a way poorer country . 
  time to reunite with slovakia . 
  before they surpass us , that would be embarassing . 
  surprising that the bottom baltic state ( do n't know the name , it 's their fault that they 've chosen a hard-to-remember name ) has higher gdp ppp than estonia . 
  they need to work on their pr , from the media it seems that estonia is doing best of the baltic states . 
  i always wondered what people mean by `` bankers '' , any bank employee or just specific positions ? 
  it was a joke but what i was thinking - they would buy euros with their foreign currency ( perhaps use a short term loan ) and then sell it . 
  exactly . 
  not really surprising , i can imagine myself behaving similarly as the bus drivers . 
  poorly dressed guy - probably homeless , he 's lying to me , trying to trick me . 
  his stink will probably bother my other passangers too . 
  well dressed guy - this guy genuinly lost his wallet , i feel sorry for him so i help him . 
  ( another thing i realized now - people naturally tend to feel empathy towards similar people , not to the `` others '' , such as homeless people . ), 
  plot twist - greece bought massive amounts of cheap euros today , then they announce a deal and sell their euros . 
  problem solved !, 
  cool , i was recently thinking about converting some savings from czech crown to euro , this is the right time to do that . 
  yes , i understand that , people do n't want to be associated with the right-wing weirdos . 
  yeah ... and i actually find out the fact that he writes in french hilarious in a way . 
  lol , do n't downvote dclauzel , he 's the only mod that helped unshadowban me , everyone ignored me . 
  he 's one of the better mods , 
  wow ... people would be in the streets if we had a similar situation here . 
  unbelievable . 
  yeah , i 'd appreciate that . 
  i predict you will get banned . 
   i 'm talking about not letting migrants arrive on italian soil with any option they ca n't do that while being in the eu ? 
  til . 
  it 's not eu 's responsibility , why did italy let them in in the first place ? 
  it 's your borders , protect it with your military against foreign intruders . 
  i said nothing about innovation , reddit is open-source . 
  easy , i was kidding . 
  ok then , let 's be opressed , 
  it 's 125th in the us and 178th globally top website according to alexa , that 's not bad . 
  soundcloud . 
  one . 
  have n't you noticed what 's been happening on reddit today ? 
  thanks , that 's probably the best compliment i 've received on reddit . 
  let 's analyze the underlying reasons and try again . 
  why ??? 
  luis de funes is fun . 
  but i admit i like uk comedy more ( my username is a random character from red dwarf ) and uk together with switzerland and slovakia is in my top 3 fav countries . 
  thanks , i did n't know what else to write so i went with the stereotype . 
  what about coffee tho, 
  it 's nice ... 
  sorry , i could n't resist the urge . 
  - estonia - e-government and their pr expertise - france - comedy films - germany - sense for order and organization - greece - athens - iceland - nature - italy - food !!!, 
  - liberland - nothing , there 's literally nothing to adopt there , it 's just a patch of land with some trees and mosquitos - netherlands - flatness so that i can bike easily - norway - oil , no surprise here - poland - economic growth - portugal - the whole fucking country , it 's nice - russia - oil , gas , wood and by `` adopt '' i mean `` steal '' - slovakia - president - spain - la liga - sweden - the females - switzerland - if i have to adopt only one thing - nature - turkey - not a european country , skipping - uk - mentality / culture, 
  yes , the problem is how to choose the right guy for the job . 
  what might possibly work is a similar model as a public company : - voters are shareholders , they vote a board of directors . 
  - the board of directors chooses a ceo . 
  - the ceo holds both the legislative and executive power . 
  - one important change from the public company model would be - everything must be as transparent as possible so that people would know when someone misuses their power . 
  i always like a good drama . 
  now let 's get rid of the other admins !, 
  bring on the anarchy !, 
  well , the average wage is still at least 2x times lower than in germany or austria , so i do n't think it becomes a problem . 
  if it does , we have several options , e.g. 
  do n't give citizenship to everyone , change the parameters of the welfare system , start protecting our borders ( not sure if it would require change to some eu treaty ) . 
  we should make sure to only accept immigrants who will be a net benefit to our society , for example young educated people willing to work . 
  i think it is reasonable to use force and even kill people to protect borders . 
  i 'd say this is actually a common view if we 're talking about land borders . 
  as for human rights - it 's a set of rules that some people agreed upon - nothing more . 
  if there is a political and common will to do something that 's against these rules some guys agreed upon - nobody can do shit . 
  we should accept asylum seekers in a controlled , limited way instead of letting in anyone who takes a ship here . 
  just do n't allow ships over the border . 
  we wo n't be responsible for the deaths . 
  btw , is it really against human rights if it does n't happen inside the countries territory ? 
  or do what australia does , i 've heard it works . 
  but nothing of what i suggested will happen . 
  instead , the situation will slowly get worse and worse in the affected countries . 
  which may be good for us after all , our living standards may finally catch up with we . 
  well , i guess no , but they wo n't end up in czech rep ( besided perhaps a small percentage some time in the future ) . 
  it 's not really our problem . 
  i think border protection is a reasonable excuse . 
  they would n't be responsible anyway - the idea is that this policy would be publicly announced .
