  western european countries became democracies gradually and naturally . 
  it was n't something ruled from the outside . 
  perhaps the societies in india or iraq are not fully prepared for a democracy . 
  why did russia think it had the right to intervene into the internal affairs of a sovereign country such as czechoslovakia ? 
  let alone invade it ? 
  basically , a poorer , less developed , less civilized but unfortunately bigger country gained power over us . 
  this had a devastating effect on our economy and society ( just compare east and west germany ) . 
  how is that justifiable ? 
  i would say that hitler and stalin and their regimes were comparable in terms of evilness . 
  the difference is that only the germans realize how terrible their leader was . 
  germans have a very mature and honest view on their history . 
  russians , on the other hand , have this completely ridiculous notion of proud and great russia that should be admired by the rest of the world . 
  what should russia do in order to be liked by europeans ? 
  i think that it must be obvious to everyone with a brain . 
  just behave like a democratic country such as poland . 
  they do n't invade anyone , they do n't lie , they 're fairly democratic , they do n't opress the opposition etc. 
   germans can be as unproduktive and lazy as anyone else . 
  of course , but are they on average more flei\u00dfig compared to the average european ? 
  yeah , communism was brilliant . 
  just compare west vs east germany . 
  or north vs south korea . 
  it 's called `` senility '' . 
  i like your 1-point list , 
  henning wehn !, 
  i like `` one thousand year empire ! '', 
  more ( yes , the exclamation mark is part of the name ) . 
  according to a [ ~ 1996 survey ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriotism ) , russia really is n't much patriotic . 
  but i was right with united states and india , they 're at the top ( and china is n't included ) . 
  of course this survey should be taken with a grain of salt , because it 's old and because i do n't think it measures nationalism / patriotism accurately . 
  i meant that russians are very proud of there country , convinced of its greatness and defensive to critticism . 
  thank you so much russia !, 
  \\* hysterical sobbing \\* that was so nice of you !, 
  yep , i knew that stalin was from georgia . 
  i did n't realize the context , i was referring to current russia . 
  russians , americans , chinese and indians are extremely nationalistic . 
  at least that 's my impression , i can be wrong . 
  this is why size of a country matters . 
  czech republic recently bowed to china too to improve relations . 
  and i find it sadly pragmatic , pro-lama policy achieves essentially nothing , while lack of investments from china hurts our economy . 
  on the other hand , the us are big enough to do whatever they want , china ca n't just restrict the trade with them because it would hurt both sides similarly . 
  the eu + us should have a joint `` dalai lama policy '' . 
  china would be powerless against it . 
  which side are you on ? 
  czechistan has a fairly friendly neigbours , so i do n't see much use for our army . 
  an interesting alternative would be to sponsor other nato countries . 
  our defense minister promised nato officials that our navy will get an aircraft carrier . 
  if your description is accurate and does n't leave something important , it looks either as a 1 ) genuine dislike of the french disguised as a joke 2 ) stupid and retarded joke similar to `` the french are stupid , hahaha i 'm so funny '' . 
  unfortunately , it 's a dictatorship with nukes , which complicates things a lot . 
   i 'm just wondering if that was a cultural thing representative of various brands of humour ( and british humour is more sarcastic or mocking ) or not . 
  i believe it is so . 
  and it 's my favourite kind of humour . 
  i 'm sure it was n't sarcasm , but we were drinking , so he may have been exaggerating a little . 
  is uk vs france a real thing ? 
  i talked to a british guy and was surprised that he seemed to genuinely dislike the french ( i think he said that they 're posh , arrogant or something like that ) . 
  that 's true . 
  but the data suggests that we * could * be on the level of austria today if it was n't for russia and the communists . 
  according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_communist_czechoslovakia ( look up `` growth rates '' ) , 1938 gdp per capita was comparable to austria and finland and higher than italy . 
   most of europe is phasing out or reducing nuclear energy . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was just germany . 
   because you keep blaming the russians when they were as powerless and had as little influence as you did . 
  i never meant to blame russians , only the people in power . 
  i liked the few russians i 've met in real life . 
  ( the russian who taught us english was my favourite teacher in high school . ), 
   are you also mad at the poles , hungarians and bulgarians for invading you ? 
  i blame the people who decided that . 
   they 'll soon be the ones making out the bulk of the workforce . 
  that is a problem but i believe that immigration can significantly mitigate that . 
   lives were stable , comfortable and predictable enough for them to have children . 
  i do n't think it outweighs the negatives . 
   the initiatives were/are expansive and quite aggressive seen from a russian standpoint , and what we are witnessing right now is putin reacting , defending a territory he thought was russia 's but that is now approaching eu . 
  european countries want to join the eu , not russia . 
  they prefer 21st century mentality . 
  if russia does n't like it , it 's their problem . 
  if you 're ugly , make yourself more attractive instead of raping others . 
   there is no real alternative to russian gas what about nuclear energy ? 
   which was a democracy at the time ? 
  we certainly were n't a democracy between 1948 and 1989 . 
   or did the russians have as much to do with the decisions being made there as the czech ? 
  you have an extremely biased and inaccurate view , read this : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prague_spring] ( prague spring ) . 
   how did they do this ? 
  by sending here an army . 
  as for the population , i know it 's a big topic in russia , but i do n't see that as a problem to be honest . 
  the pensions and healthcare - yeah , you 're right about that unfortunately , europe is getting older . 
  by the way : [ `` suffering '' in germany twice as high in east as in west ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/155252/suffering-germany-twice-high-east-west.aspx ) as of 2011 , 20 + years after reunification . 
   are russians and soviets the same thing ? 
  if you 're alluding to the fact that it was n't just russians who invaded us - true , but it was a decision made in kremlin . 
   they invaded in 1968 and stayed in power until 2008 ? 
  no , but they made sure that communists stayed in power , which had a devastating effect on our country . 
   at least you were producing enough children to sustain your population . 
  our population is growing afaik . 
  it 's getting older , but 1 ) i do n't see that as a big issue 2 ) i do n't think that communism has anything to do with that . 
   ussr from the 70s and onwards was such a horrible place not horrible , but worse than the west . 
   you had 20 + years out of russia 's sphere of influence , good luck with becoming second austria . 
  in 1938 , our gdp per capita was [ on the same level ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_communist_czechoslovakia#growth_rates ) as austria or finland and higher than italy . 
  in 1990 it was 6 times smaller compared to austria . 
   no reasons are good enough to be butthurt because of events that occurred long before your birth ( i 'm assuming you 're young ) , but hey , it 's the internet , let 's get on with xenophobic frenzy , it 's all in good jest . 
  i would n't say i 'm butthurt , i just view russia as an untrustworthy country that does n't care much about its own people and is completely indifferent to other people . 
  why do n't they leave other countries alone ? 
  forget about your sphere of influence , this is 21st century .
