  if ukraine wants to join the eu or nato , why do n't they let them , is n't it none of their business ? 
  something that i hate is the history of sacrificing the well-being or lives of individuals for the good of russia . 
  also , russians always seemed to love autocratic leaders with lots of power , which is something i 'm strongly opposed to . 
   also helps young russians to cement their hate and distrust of the good old european partners . 
  this is sadly true , i sometimes feel sorry for the russians reading the hateful comments . 
  but this is fueled by russia 's passive-aggressive foreign policy . 
  ( btw , i do n't like the russian government , i 'm not talking about russian people . ), 
   that said , i do think most of them are just eastern europeans engaging in one of their typical butthurt-competitions . 
  replying to your / r/russia comment , i 'm banned there ( deserved that ) . 
  many of us have a good reason to be butthurt . 
  for example , russia invaded us in 1968 . 
  i think that the invasion cost us decades of development . 
  russians basically made sure that communists stayed in power for 40 years . 
  if we were n't put into russia 's sphere of influence after ww2 , we could have been on the level of austria economically . 
  - there 's been a general frustration with the state of things in our country ( economy , corruption , government ) in the last couple of years . 
  - there was something that could be called an anti-corruption movement . 
  the government did some right anti-corruption steps but , ironically , collapsed because of it . 
  - babis was a quite a big media topic in the last year . 
  he 's a billionaire that decided to go to politics . 
  his party almost won with about 20 % in the late 2013 elections . 
  he 's the finance minister in the new government , most popular politician and his party has close to 30 % now , according to polls . 
  he 's doing very good in my opinion , i 'd probably vote for him too . 
  - the general mood is slowly getting better as the economy improves . 
  did he survive ? 
  the ukrainian crisis is getting more sad every day . 
  i did n't find the 1986 pics depressing per se , they just have the hard-to-describe comminist feel . 
  kind of reminded me of budapest . 
  after spending some time on this subreddit , i view romania much more positively . 
  interesting that there are so many romanians here ( and slovenians , considering they have just a 2m population ) . 
  i recently found out that romanians are n't slavs . 
  i see romania as a poor but magical and eerie country with interesting people . 
  i did n't know that transylvania really exists . 
  another idea : european union of responsible oligarchies fighting against the gulag supporters . 
  the only problem is the abbreviation . 
  but it 's still better than [ clitoris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wguktfddy4 ) . 
  i like that . 
  if i post a comment and the godwin 's law is not invoked , i see that that as a personal failure . 
  just kidding , 
   sauna is actually a horrible place to have sex . 
  i love it . 
  i 100 % agree . 
  after carefully going through those , they seem to be identical . 
  one of them should rename theirselves . 
  who was first with that name ? 
  do n't let others dictate you what you can or can not !, 
  first we have to decide a name , my suggestions : - fatherland - europistan - the milky way union ( so that non-european countries can be annexed later if they `` want '' ) - the democratic federation of both dystopian and utopian republics ( dfdur ) the official language should be german , austrian or english . 
  capital ? 
  either berlin or braunau am inn . 
  and something that annoys me immensely about the eu - the map must not have any holes !, 
  so switzerland , forget about your neutrality . 
  you 're too generous , let 's make it 100 . 
  i vote for berlin or braunau am inn . 
  do it secretly . 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  finally a stat that latvia wins . 
  just kidding . 
  ( or perhaps not ? 
  you can never be sure . ), 
   i never heard of him outside of british tv . 
  he says that he 's not good enough to make it in germany . 
  i do n't know , i once read something like that in the newspaper and recently found out that when someting 's poorly organized , you say it 's `` czech '' . 
  no , russians * were * the rebels . 
  that 's how humans are designed , these are our natural instincts , it is ( or was ) an evolutionary advantage . 
  i just love how i make you furious , rofl . 
  yes , that 's how i think of you , it 's even your username , lol . 
  i think you 're doing many things better than us , you have majetkova priznani , higher gdp per hour worked , the government has to publish all contracts , babis has to go to slovakia to learn how to fight tax evaders , etc. 
  thanks for babis by the way . 
  growth . 
  i agree , sanctions would mean shooting ourselves into the foot . 
  one thing that really annoys me are americans who say that europe should get tougher with the sanctions . 
  fine , but let 's split the economic costs evenly -- not such a good idea now , is n't it ? 
  and why do n't they get tougher on saudi arabia , eh ? 
  we are , but several other countries are even worse . 
  i started doing that very recently , after i realized that some of you have quite negative opinion on us  edit : and i also do that for estonia , they 're on a good track to surpass us in all economic criteria . 
  we 're better than slovenia ? 
  good , that 's all i need . 
  actually , surprisingly lot of us do like him . 
  it 's usually people on the far left or on the far right of the political spectrum . 
  hehe  one of my favourite comedians is german actually , henning wehn . 
  such system would mean losing their power , which is something i 'm sure they do n't want , 
  yep , thanks . 
  i would , but they wo n't let me , 
  i absolutely agree . 
  but there may be a better system . 
  something that may ( or may not ) work is to make the voting system more complicated , e.g. 
  something like fluid democracy ( i 'm on mobile , ca n't link it ) . 
  well i did n't , but i like how it made you furious . 
  do n't get a heart attack , lol . 
  every country has haters , including america , i 'd say they 're pretty good at that actually . 
  the gypsies love to live here unfortunately though . 
  some of them started to move to canada , to live off their social programs , but canada realized that accepting them was a mistake and stopped that . 
  politicians losing their stolen money ? 
  fine by me . 
  yes it does my friend , at least that 's a literal translation , have a look at wikipedia . 
  even in a representative democracy the people are ( or should be ) effectively ruling . 
  i 'm undecided about this , i think we 're in a pretty unpleasant situation , because more serious sanctions would certanly have a noticable effect on your ( and our ) unemployment . 
  i would say that the majority of people here * do n't * want sanctions . 
  i heard that there 's a strong business lobby in germany fighting against any sanctions . 
  it 's the default , everyone is expected to be atheist ( although we would usually say `` not religious '' instead of `` atheist '' ) . 
  i grew up in a religious family and was always embarassed by being religious , i never mentioned that to my friends ( i live in prague , where being religious is especially rare ) .
