  but anyway , i think that we could get an exemption on the eu law if we wanted - and if not , we can always leave the eu , 
  half of reddit would be illegal in russia . 
  wikipedia did n't change anything . 
  that will never happen but i do n't think it would be a strictly bad idea : 1 . 
  eu money is often spent inefficiently here ( i mean more inefficiently than tax-raised money ) . 
  it creates a `` we owe you '' relationship with the richer countries . 
  you mean that you will not allow us to close our borders ? 
  if we decide to do that ( most likely not ) , we will do that , no matter what germany wants . 
  germany does n't want that . 
  end of story . 
  agree with ( a ) , not with ( b ) , there 's no need for it , the immigrants do n't want to go here . 
  you have my vote . 
  well , obvious pr statement is obvious , babis is a hardcode pragmatic . 
  but i agree with the sentiment of it , what about you ? 
  edit : btw , one thing i like about the political situation around immigrants is that it puts cssd into quite uncomfortable position . 
  cssd is a populist party primarily targeting poorer , less educated , older part of the population . 
  these people are also very anti-immigrant . 
  cssd is a left-wing party though , so they are supposed to be pro-immigration , 
  lol = you disagree ? 
  i think we would n't be significantly less developed if we were not in the eu . 
  syrians seem to be civilized and educated . 
  ca n't say that about all of the immigrants though . 
  denmark can not into the 80s club . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  no , why ? 
  why not buy them a ticket to america ? 
  they are responsible for this to some extent . 
  easy , save them and ship them back . 
  i think that you could take at least 100m but it would require a significant tax raise . 
  do n't have one , it 's just a strong belief . 
  yes , a very mild one though . 
  i think they 'd be discriminated to some level in every country . 
  anyway , a broader counterargument to the `` we must help them '' argument : i think the binary distinction of asylum seeker vs economic migrant is not a good way to look at it . 
  all immigrants are trying to get here because they want better life . 
  the difference is , how much of an improvement would it be . 
  some are in danger of getting killed in their home country , so it would be a big improvement . 
  some face some form of discrimination . 
  some have ok lifes back at home but they want to go to a nicer university . 
  if you say that we must accept anyone who has it really bad - why ? 
  they can move to russia , algeria , south africa . 
  yeah , life is not as good there as in germany . 
  but if you use that as an argument - you basically say that we must accept anyone from countries like russia because they have a lower standard of living . 
  how should we determine the level of lifestyle improvement , at which we are obliged to help them ? 
  why not accept anyone ? 
  another problem is , we do n't know how bad their circumstances are . 
  it 's not in their interest to be honest about it . 
  last point , if you want me to lower my living standards to help others , would you do the same ? 
  for example , why do n't you send 50 % of your net income to hungry people in africa ? 
  they surely need it more than you . 
  i openly say that i do n't want to lower my standard of living to help immigrants who may need the money more than me . 
  technical note - we would n't encourage revenge , we would * do * revenge . 
  i 'm pretty sure that relatives of victims of a psychopatic mass murderer would feel better if he was punished more than being sentenced to live in a hotel for the rest of his life . 
  but it 's just my belief , i do n't have data to support this . 
  simple , it emotionally helps the victims and often the socciety angry at him . 
  prison should be punishment for people lije breivik . 
  no it 's not . 
  ( hints : risk-reward ratio , expected value , probability of getting caught . ), 
  there are about 200 countries in the world . 
  it entirely depends on them . 
  the can leave peacefully , whether it escalates to violence depends on them following the law . 
  if you want to get into a ( let 's say ) museum after closing hours , the security will use violence to prevent that if needed . 
  the question is whether he does that just because he 's worried about putin or of he has altruistic motives too . 
  i 'm impressed but i wonder what 's behind all this warming relations with the eu . 
  is it just a tactic to prevent putin from having too much power over belarus or is there something genuine about it ? 
  do n't let them cross the border . 
  and if they catch a ship after it crossed the border , tow it back behind it ( and give them some fuel as a goodbye present ) . 
  this will lead to drastic decrease of attempts to cross the border . 
  - do n't allow ships to cross the border . 
  - eu land border protection ( drones , reports by locals , thermal cameras , ... ) . 
  - discourage them to even try by copying australian immigration policy . 
   there is a wall of police men . 
  why police . 
  i think army is more appropirate in an invasion-like situation . 
   `` i want to go to sweden or germany '' i 'm prety sure 50 % of africans want to go to sweden or germany . 
  perhaps the question at the core of this debate is `` how much do we want to lower our living standard to help people who want to immigrate '' . 
  my answer is `` very little '' . 
  no , the solution is simple ( on paper ) : 1 . 
  the government needs to decide how to deal with immigration , what is the objective , the desired outcome . 
  and it should be something along the lines `` limit immigration to x per year and consider economic benefit and cultural fit when choosing among applicants '' . 
  once the objective is clear , focus on achieving it . 
  there are various ways how to do it : - look at what australia does - german border protection - help with eu border protection , especially italy and greece , do n't let the ships illegally cross the border - pr ( spread information about immigration policy so that the immigrants are discouraged to try to illegally cross the border ) - do n't give citizenship to people who illegally croos - focus on the smuggler networks , cooperate with other countries - deal with people who got in illegally - deport to their home country , put in refugee camp, 
  maybe abolish it only when it 's needed . 
  but anyway , the core issue is that there 's no agreement about what we want to do . 
  prevent them from coming ? 
  accept anyone ? 
  nobody knows . 
  this gets problematic when the number of people in need grows . 
  africa 's population is expected to grow from 1b to 4b in 2100 . 
  protecting your borders with force is extremism ? 
  i thought it was common sense . 
   not saying we should n't help those two countries , but what they are doing right now is illegal and violates several treaties . 
  if italy handled the issue by protecting its border with force , i 'm sure germany would be among the first to deeply condemn them . 
  so they let them proceed to germany instead . 
  you forgot liberland . 
   people with lower wages would have more money ok , where does this money come from ? 
  if the new system makes one group richer , some other group must be * equally * poorer . 
  i have mixed feelings about basic income . 
  because this is how bi differs from current system : - unemployed people get money automatically , they do n't need to visit any authorities , no paperwork needed . 
  ok , this sounds good , but it 's not a huge change . 
  - it would ( probably ? ),
