   the strong euro also makes harder for germany to export outside the eu , but most german exports go to other eu countries where a strong euro is hurting their local manufacturing rivals . 
  well , you could say the opposite as well : `` the strong euro also makes harder for greece to export outside the eu , but most greek exports go to other eu countries where a strong euro is hurting their local manufacturing rivals . '', 
  by the way , after some googling it seems that the consensus is that cheap euro helps germany . 
  as for the california / mississippi case , what i was asking is , if usd goes up , will it help california more relatively to mississippi ? 
  thanks , what about the strong currency though , does it help germany and california and hurt greece and mississippi ? 
  why ? 
  yeah i know of course , but it 's a negligable amount . 
  well , the economics is absolutely key in this . 
  most arguments i 've seen here recently basically operate on an emotional , non-factual level ( `` hardline attitude '' , `` willing to compromise '' , `` demaging her view over here '' , `` uk is more on the fear side than the love side '' ) . 
  i think what 's missing in the whole mess is a more systematic approach and clearer thinking . 
  a tangentially related idea i 've been thinking about : when two parties are negotiating , a systematic way to look at the process is this . 
  you create a set of possible deals . 
  for every such deal , estimate how will it affect either party . 
  for example , deal d will have a +10 effect for the first party and +1 effect for the second one . 
  it 's a win-win deal , but the first party benefits way more . 
  the numbers are relative to the no-deal option , which has a 0 effect to both parties by definition . 
  the real question is , what deal is reasonable for both parties . 
  but even though there 's not an easy answer to that , the decision-making should be much clearer at this point . 
  so i think what 's needed when discussing the greece crisis is a set of possible solutions with estimated costs . 
  that 's something everyone should be able to agree on to some extent , it 's mostly economics . 
  you did n't ask about the czech republic but you 're getting the answer anyway . 
  as of may 2015 , 69 % are against the euro , 24 % are in favor . 
  really ? 
  we do n't :d, 
   for german exports to eu countries the strong euro helps germany and hurts countries like greece and spain why ? 
  does strong usd help californa and hurt mississipi ? 
  ( not rhetorical questions , genuinly curious . ), 
  a posible benefit of not having the euro is that you can set interest rate optimal to your economy . 
  ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i 'm not an economist . ), 
  what do you think she should have done differently ? 
  they clearly do n't understand the internet . 
  you do n't simply ban an internet community . 
   i hope germany will be less cooperative in the future . 
  germany basically gives out money all over the place while being accused of being nazis . 
  if merkel was a stronger leader ( inb4 hitler ) she would n't agree with this deal . 
  it just prolongs the agony , * it is n't helping anyone * , certainly not the greeks . 
   if we really want a united states of europe well , that 's the question . 
  are germans willing to send a percantage of their wage to greece ? 
  west germans are mostly ok with giving money to east germans but what about greece ? 
  i 'm sure greeks want a united states of europe . 
  not sure about germans or the dutch . 
  really good interview about the greek situation with one economist , in czech : http://video.aktualne.cz/dvtv/michl-recke-reformy-poslou-zemi-do-haje-dohoda-nepomohla/r~c6fb8934295611e5ae1b002590604f2e/ some of the main points : - this deal solves nothing , the greeks will want more money within a year . 
  - greece needs to find a recipe for growth . 
  rising taxes and cutting down expenses = the decline will continue . 
  - there are basically three paths : germany leaves the ez , greece leaves the ez , germany will regularly give money to greece , it will become an item in their budget . 
  i agree . 
  we 've tried pouring money to greece for 5 years , time to try something else . 
  oh really ? 
  oh do you ? 
  why , i like this sub overall , i 'm a long time cuntributor and most of my comments here are upvoted . 
  but i 'm back now , how you feel about that , eh ? 
  well maybe but at least i should have been told what rule i broke and banned instead of shadowbanned . 
  i was genuinly surprised that that kind of comment can result in a shadowban . 
  really ? 
  i take buddhism or christianity over islam any day . 
  i was shadowbanned for a similar comment . 
  yes , wtf . 
  i agree with the sentiment of your comment , i.e. 
  that : - the public debate about immigration is not very sophisticated . 
  - many of the immigrants really need our help . 
  - if we wo n't help them integrate , they might turn against us . 
  but that does n't change that i think we should be conservative accepting immigrants , for two reasons : - these immigrants ( from north africa ) will probably cost us money instead of helping the economy . 
  it 's not our duty to feed less fortunate people . 
  - there 's a risk of serious and hard to solve social problems . 
  yes , perhaps it 'll turn out fine but why risk it , if we end up with ghettos full of unemployed ( children of ) immigrants , you ca n't reverse the decision to accept them . 
  your typical muslim immigrant has a bit different mentality than what we 're used to . 
  society that has some level of homogenity works better than society with two fractions fighting against each other . 
  i 'm worried about the long-term outlook , if we 'll have a very liberal approach to immigration , what will this place look like in 50 years ? 
  perhaps it will be fine but why risk it if there 's a safe option on the table ? 
  i 'm one of them , i think it 's completely reasonable to be worried about this wace of immigration ( the opposite is what 's crazy actually ) . 
  nah , western european countries do n't have the balls to even mention that . 
  and if the choice is between islamization and eu money , i think people here would n't hesitate for one second . 
  yeah , you could say that . 
  but you can also argue that countries like germany have an unfair advantage over less developed countries because their companies were there first and could develop and capture market share when it was easier to do so . 
  it 's not easy / profitable to enter mature markets such as cars or cpus . 
  i did n't imply otherwise , my point was that they are not what i consider our products . 
  if i buy a skoda , some of that money ultimately ends up in germany 's budget . 
  `` our '', 
   from the gdp projections i 've seen , the gap between our countries is only going to grow nah , i think we 're just in the up cycle , i 'm almost certain the real long-term growth is higher for poland . 
  no prob , i 've come across it on hacker news . 
  nice to hear that . 
  it would be a human scyscraper . 
  mexico 's drug exports to the usa are in billions . 
  if replacing russia is allowed , then replace it with the usa ( not canada because the economical benefits would be lower ) . 
  if not , replace some really poor and unstable country with a similarly-sized rich country . 
  moldava with quatar or ukraine with new zealand . 
  ( sorry , i 'm just pragmatic . ), 
   in greece it is difficult ( more than other countries ) for older people to get work . 
  they are almost unemployable and discriminated . 
  what is discrimination of old people , i honestly do n't know , can you give an example ? 
  do you experience racism in czech rep out of curiosity ? 
   we were taking about good will , not the exact amount of money that came to greece one way or another from europe or the u.s. 
  i was talking about the latter . 
   europeans have not been showing the greeks any good will for years . 
  it 's hard to judge , i honestly do n't know what were the exact motivations , but i really doubt that there was no good will . 
  well , you can always buy the same amount of food for 1 euro , it does n't matter if i gave it to you out of good will or not . 
  but yeah , if we only consider money given to greece out of good will , it 's probably not 1000x more but i 'd say that europe donated vastly more than the us . 
  the case this article is talking about is absolutely negligable . 
  if i lend you 100 and i want only 50 back , i have given you 50 . 
  europeans have given about 1000x more money to greece than the americans .
