  venezuela ( bolivarian republic of ) 66 . 
  china 70 . 
  saint lucia 73 . 
  peru 74 . 
  ukraine 75 . 
  south africa 78 . 
  brazil 79 . 
  saint vincent and the grenadines 80 . 
  cape verde 82 . 
  albania 83 . 
  colombia 84 . 
  republic of moldova 85 . 
  iran ( islamic republic of ) 86 . 
  maldives 88 . 
  belize 89 . 
  dominican republic 93 . 
  bolivia ( plurinational state of ) 94 . 
  georgia 95 . 
  armenia 96 . 
  jordan 104 . 
  indonesia 108 . 
  syrian arab republic 113 . 
  iraq 114 . 
  egypt 119 . 
  bhutan 121 . 
  nepal 122 . 
  lao people 's democratic republic 123 . 
  angola 124 . 
  sao tome and principe 130 . 
  cambodia 131 . 
  solomon islands 134 . 
  micronesia ( federated states of ) 135 . 
  united republic of tanzania 136 . 
  mozambique 139 . 
  india 143 . 
  south sudan 149 . 
  eritrea 150 . 
  togo 151 . 
  burkina faso 162 . 
  yemen 163 . 
  comoros 164 . 
  liberia 167 . 
  chad 169 . 
  central african republic 172 . 
  democratic republic of the congo, 
  we proclaim the independent karlovy vary republic !, 
  the ikvr calls for russian protection from the fascist government of the czech republic !, 
  i do n't know that 's why i asked . 
  my subjective top 5 list : 1 . 
  switzerland 2 . 
  iceland 3 . 
  ireland 5 . 
  liechtenstein and the bottom 4 : - russia - moldava - belarus - czech republic, 
   maybe germany could turn some of it 's nuke power back online for a while ? 
  turning off the german nuclear power plants was a stupider decision than previously thought . 
   so much could be saved on welfare bureaucracy the bureaucracy overhead is negligable , about 2 % in the czech republic . 
   so we do n't punish people who do everything right . 
  we would punish them by higher taxes . 
  there 's no free money in the economy that basic income magically unlocks . 
  you can either take more from the employed and give more to the unemployed -- or take less from the employed and give less to the unemployed . 
  basic income would mean that either the employed or the unemployed would become poorer . 
   i think it would unfairly punish people that ca n't , or choose not to , have children . 
  only the parents spend money and time raising their kids . 
  but everyone will spend the taxes the kids will send to the government . 
  people who do n't have kids have more money to spare -- they can save that additional money to some pension fund . 
  not true , look at the data . 
   i wonder what makes brazil and mexico so happy something i just realized -- they 're very far from russia !, 
  how many billionairs are in this subreddit ? 
  estonia is not surprising , they 're neigbouring russia . 
  there 's a clear correlation between happiness and distance from russia . 
  not for me . 
  ( do n't downvote just because you have a different ( wrong ) opinion . ), 
   you realise that drunks and druggies who do n't work in finland get a free apartment , free internet , free tv , 450 euro spending money a month , bills paid , free health care etc. 
  really ? 
  i 'm moving to finland . 
  most of these sound reasonable but the devil is in the details as always . 
  one thing that i 'm extremely sceptical to is basic income . 
  when talking about basic income , we should clearly separate two concepts , the level of income redistribution and the structure of taxes and benefits . 
  is current level of income redistribution in european countries optimal ? 
  i 'd say that it 's close . 
  if we keep the level of income redistribution and just change the taxes and benefits structure to basic income , would it be an improvement ? 
  i honestly do n't believe so . 
  on a different note , i 've seen some european demographic projections recently and it 's not a pretty picture . 
  europe is slowly dying out . 
  i think it 's important to implement a policy that your pension depends on how much taxes your children pay and / or how many children do you have . 
  it 's an incentive to have more children and it 's also fairer than the current system ( at least in czechistan ) . 
  `` but we had it worse , so why are you complaining ??? '', 
   is the anti-russian circlejerk so powerful here ? 
  most definitely yes . 
  edit : the 5 downvotes i got confirm that . 
  a trillion dollar mistake . 
  very well and clearly said . 
   so we listerned to west advisers and did reforms , like privatization . 
  but this led to just steeling of country wealth and chaos . 
  life of a general person became much worse . 
  and then glorious putin came and told us that it is all a lie . 
  i 'm undecided about this . 
  i 'm starting to think that you ca n't just switch a country from dictatorship to democracy . 
  perhaps the better approach is a slow democratization . 
  india is a democratic country and they 're doing much worse than china .
