  you did n't include her in your summary , so i did . 
  the voters and the mp : s would never agree to that . 
  how can swedish rights be safeguarded if the party grows and becomes majority finnish speaking ? 
  the swedish issues would be brushed aside , and the minority would n't have a party working for them anymore . 
  i think that there 's a lot more they can do to show that they 're a liberal party just as much as there 's a swedish party , but in the end , i do n't think they want to grow too much . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the `` other '' mp mentioned is the one from \u00c5land , who is nominally independent , but will most likely be part of the rkp . 
  they were n't transformed into organized nation states . 
  they were transformed into resource extracting colonies . 
  every single part of african colonies were built in order to facilitate the movement of things from that colony to the home country . 
  there was n't really any education , nor hospitals nor anything of the sort . 
  this is of course combined with an estimated death toll of at least * 5 million * people in the kongo free state alone , and of course the maiming of many more . 
  the numbers in other colonies may be slightly prettier , but certainly not by much . 
  when decolonization finally happened , africa 's nations were essentially left to fend for themselves . 
  the europeans did n't leave behind any real means with which they could build a nation state . 
  the infrastructure was useless for everything besides resource extraction , no education , no healthcare , no proper governing , and of course , arbitrarily drawn borders without regard for who lived there . 
  now piss off you racist . 
  the scientific method involves predicting things . 
  you ca n't really do that with history . 
  comments on videos that are related to the balkans are absolute * gold * . 
  you can do that . 
  it 's a law against dancing organized by bars that do n't have a dancing permit . 
  in the last 3 years , there have been 4 us politicians ( federal ones , a lot more on the local level ) who were found guilty of commiting crimes . 
  michael grimm ( r-ny ) was found guilty of tax evasion , trey radel ( r-fl ) was found guilty of possession of cocaine , rick renzi ( r-az ) was found guilty of wire fraud , conspiracy , extortion , racketeering , money laundering and making false statements to insurance regulators . 
  finally , jesse jackson jr. ( d-il ) was found guilty of wire and mail fraud in regards to campaign contributions . 
  there 's no good list of eu politicians , but yeah , politicians are held accountable for their action when there 's evidence of wrongdoing . 
  i also think that a degree of narcissism is necessary for politics . 
  having leaders who are pushovers is even worse than having narcissists . 
  i do n't have a problem at all with the wage we give to our pm . 
  they work a lot , do a lot and have plenty of responsibility . 
  the latvian pm or president or whatever just seems grossly underpaid . 
  or i dunno , how about having your government talking to them and negotiating something instead of just rolling their thumbs and saying no ? 
  the spanish government would be fully capable of diffusing this situation if they showed * any degree * of sympathy towards the wishes of the catalonians . 
  all they 've been doing stonewall and tell the catalonians that their views do n't matter and that they 're stuck no matter what . 
  that 's a very good recipe for pissing people off , not making them more likely to stay . 
  the us is pretty great when it comes to science . 
  innovation is the least of your worries . 
  dude , we 've given you 229 billion euros . 
  what more do you want from us ? 
  i 'm looking forward to redirecting our aid to more friendly nations . 
  this is not legal under swedish law , no . 
  russia 's intentional homicide rate is ten times higher than the swedish one . 
  if certain neighborhoods in swedish cities are no-go zones , then all of russia is a no-go zone . 
  i certainly would n't love it . 
  staring at a bunch of concrete buildings for an entire night is n't particularly interesting . 
  what 's up , tjeckien ? 
  considering that the rapes were n't reported until several days after new year 's eve , that 's doubtful . 
  rape kits are only really effective before the victim has showered . 
  so even if they were used , they would n't have provided anything useful . 
  pickpockets and sexual harassers are n't that easy to catch unless they 're caught red-handed . 
  it 's not like you leave a lot of evidence behind . 
  because i finally found a thread where i could make the case for immigration without being downvoted to hell . 
  i said that finns ** were ** treated poorly in sweden . 
  they 're not anymore . 
  back in the 50s and 60s , when things were n't so good in finland , a lot of migrants came here where the economy was doing well . 
  these immigrants were viewed as low-life drunkards and criminals . 
  the same thing applies to the yugoslavian refugees who arrives in the 90s . 
  these are just swedish examples , there are countless others in human history . 
  my point was that this wave of immigrants is just that - another wave . 
  it 's part of what human beings have done since the dawn of time . 
  a group of people leave a place where the economic situation is poor to live in a place where it-s better . 
  when these people arrive , they 're often greeted with hostility and relative poverty . 
  yet it always ends up being something positive . 
  i 've said what i have to say on the topic . 
  too sleepy to continue arguing . 
  i hope you have a good night . 
  i said you used weasel words like a politician would . 
  that 's not an ad hominem . 
  that 's calling out a flaw in your argument . 
  it 's no more of an ad hominem than you calling me `` intellectually dishonest '' . 
  very lazy deflection . 
  you have still failed to produce any actual evidence for your claims . 
  this wave of immigrants is n't the first that has come in big numbers . 
  it is n't the first that has had trouble integrating into a society . 
  it is n't the first that will eventually find its place and help grow the economy . 
  the finns who live here in sweden are one of those groups , as a matter of fact . 
  you were viewed as low-life criminal scum who only drank alcohol and commited crimes . 
  we all heard these horror stories about the massive wave of balkan immigrants as well . 
  yet both times everything turned out alright in the end . 
  i see little reason why things will be different this time . 
  weasel words , weasel words , weasel words . 
  like a freaking politician . 
  that was all your comment was . 
  i 'll adress it regardless . 
  [ * this * ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/01/29/five-things-economists-know-about-immigration/ ) is why people support immigration . 
  because it 's good economic policy . 
  not that you ca n't be skeptical on other counts , but economists overwhelmingly support immigration . 
  as for your argument about swedish headlines - no , you literally could n't . 
  one of them tried back in 1993 published a headline that said `` drive them out - that 's what the swedish people think of immigrants and refugees '' . 
  their editor in chief resigned a week later after the paper repeatedly apologized for their sensationalist and xenophobic headline . 
  also worth noting is that my comment includes headlines from the two biggest newspapers in the united kingdom . 
  it 's not like the sun and the daily mail are some minor obscure newspapers . 
  people do n't support immigration because they want to be seen as progressive . 
  some do it for humanitarian reasons and others because they see it as sound economic policy ( most economists agree that it is ) . 
  anyway , are you serious when you say that being anti-immigration is taboo and forbidden in the uk ? 
  like for real ? 
  [ mrw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yill0t2ytss ) . 
  [ draw a red line on immigration , or else !, 
  ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1521502/thumbs/o-sun-front-page-570.jpg ) [ what a mess !, 
  ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/2219916/thumbs/o-daily-mail-immigration-570.jpg ) [ britain must ban migrants !, 
  ] ( https://slipperyslopebox.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/britainmustbanimmigrants.jpg ) the uk 's third biggest party calling for an end to '' [ open door immiagration ] ( https://exposingukip.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/stop-open-door-immigration.jpg?w=700&amp;h=583 ) '' and '' [ dey terk er jerbs !,
