  we 're not calling for a ban on it . 
  we 're laughing at how pathetic they are . 
  a nucelar family is a family with two parents ( some might say different sex parents ) and children . 
  a non-nuclear family could be a single-parent family or your extended family . 
  in sweden you definitely ca n't do that . 
  then again , our atms only print 500 and 100 bills , so there 's really not any customization that could be done . 
  they do . 
  i think that varoufakis is going out with a major diplomatic bang so the next minister will look super reasonable . 
  opposition activists like the un high commisioner of human rights and amnesty international ? 
  for booty ? 
  an american going to greece to see better asses ? 
  i would n't have had a problem with the people of crimea organizing a referendum and becoming part of russia . 
  in fact , i think that would 've been the right thing to do . 
  crimea , however , was invaded by russian forces and the `` referendum '' was an absolute sham . 
  that 's why crimea ought to be returned to ukraine . 
  devolution max . 
  the deal scotland has . 
  spain has n't offered the catalonians anything that is n't the status quo , and they constantly say that they 're not going to . 
  i think that madrid could settle this dispute if they were willing to give away some actual autonomy , but they do n't , so catalonian nationalism remains strong . 
  they have no reason to do anything different than what they 're doing . 
  the spanish government is n't willing to talk to them or reach some kind of compromise , so why should they go out of their way to please spain ? 
  just like how california and texas basically control the entirity of the us , right ? 
  you should also mention how we 're too cowardly to talk about the `` real issues '' which according to danes are as follows : 1 . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  haha , sweden is so feminist amirite ? 
  immigration . 
  they even have a [ radio show ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=5966752 ) about it !, 
  the little brother syndrome goes very deep in denmark . 
  this seems to be what everyone says about every election ever , no matter who 's actually taking part in it . 
  uhm , yes . 
  the liberals in sweden do n't believe in affirmative action . 
  it 's the social democrats and socialists who do . 
  he 's always like that . 
  it 's pretty much his style . 
  he sounds confused and sort of drunk . 
  those things in the ceiling look like anal beads for giants . 
  the us and the uk were completely fine with and even supportive of the indonesians as they commited genocide against the east timorese up until * 1999 * . 
  the us made almost a billion dollars off guns that were used to slaughter the people of east timor . 
  so yeah , you should * absolutely * lecture the us on how they deal with indonesia . 
  california ranks 8th in nominal gdp and 11th in ppp . 
  and they 're going to start growing again , unless the drought puts a stop to it . 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn.gurl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/ernest-moniz-state-of-the-union.jpg ) is the current us secretary of energy . 
  looks basically like a founding father . 
  the purpose of those laws is to make sure that less black people vote . 
  you can tell because these laws are only enacted in republican states , and it usually just so happens that gun licences count as valid i.d whereas student i.ds typically do n't . 
  they 're also justified by completely nonsensical stories about voter fraud , which they have absolutely no proof for whatsoever . 
  they have a banner about nato and obama at a sporting event ? 
  that 's one of the most pathetic things i 've ever seen . 
  china is 94 % han chinese . 
  i would n't exactly call them an ethnically diverse country . 
  yeah , fuck those slaves for not wanting to be slaves and hurting those innocent slave-owners ' pockets . 
  what absolutely god awful people would n't support slave-owners over slaves ? 
  it 's not just the swedish media who are in on this grand conspiracy of yours , it 's all of those independent organizations that study whether there 's corruption in a country or not . 
  in 1995 , toys ` r'us tried to establish themselves in sweden without cbas . 
  they were the first company to do that in a very long time , and they were absolutely crushed . 
  first the retail union pulled their workers out on strike , then they were joined by a whole bunch of other unions . 
  they could n't get goods transported , could n't get cleaners , could n't get their mail delivered , could n't use swedish banks . 
  they were basically completely shut down by unions , and had to relent within a few months . 
  i think that has made most companies scared of upsetting unions , because they know they 'll lose as spectacularly as toys ` r'us did . 
  though it should also be noted that neither the unions nor companies are particularly interested in striking . 
  they seem to be able to negotiate reasonable deals fairly quickly most of the time . 
  plus of course unions have influence within companies as well , so a lot of disputes get solved that way . 
  unconstitutional under what part of the constitution ? 
  laws regarding alcohol are pretty obviously a state issue , and the states that have dry counties obviously have laws that allow for dry counties . 
  there are plenty of non-religious reasons to not allow for the sale of alcohol . 
  it is one of the biggest contributors to crime out there . 
  also , all of those laws have exceptions for religious and medical use . 
  if not , then you can sue the county/city/state , and of course you 'll win . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gj9w0xx.png ) how it works , basically . 
  some news channels in america do have a friendly relationship with obama . 
  others ca n't stand the man . 
  that 's the beauty of a free society . 
  this is a really weird argument . 
  governments pass things that piss people off all the time . 
  if they did n't pass laws that did n't make some people angry , then * nothing * would happen . 
  this applies to foreign relations and treaty making , too . 
  not everyone was happy with the good friday agreement , you know ? 
  that does n't mean they should n't have done it . 
  obviously they should still argue for what they think is right . 
  that 's what everyone should to in a democracy . 
  i know that the governor of west virginia in the us tried to change the state 's motto on roadsigns and such from `` wild and wonderful , '' which is a pretty good motto to `` open for business '' . 
  people did n't like that very much , so he had to change it back . 
  but yeah , there seems to be a sad trend towards boring mottos worldwide . 
  well , it took the us about 25 years to repair their relations with vietnam . 
  when there 's money to be made , countries are willing to do all sorts of things . 
  * because why would they not write in french on / r/europe ? 
  is france not part of europe ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_of_israel#/media/file:map_land_of_israel.jpg ) israel as described in the bible . 
  the zion in zionism is also a reference to mount zion which is located in jerusalem . 
  lastly , the anthem of zionism that would become israel 's anthem says `` our hope is not yet lost , the hope of two thousand years . 
  to be free nation in our land . 
  the land of zion and jerusalem . '', 
  so no , it 's a reference to a specific location in the levant . 
  there 's no other place where a jewish state could be . 
  we were pretty tired of europeans shoving us into ghettos after the holocaust . 
  the jewish state has to be in israel according to zionism . 
  it was very controversial among jews up to the holocaust . 
  nowadays we 're pretty much all zionists , even the ones of us who stayed behind .
