  oh yeah , good luck living without using tax financed things . 
  it is absolutely impossible , and a society without taxes would suck so incredibly much . 
  16 % to the municipality , 11 % to the region , 0,007 % to the church and nothing to the national government . 
  i then get about 6 % reduced thanks to the employment tax reduction program of the current government . 
  so all in all , 21 % in income taxes . 
  no , but that 's not really oppressing anyone . 
  also , what 's your great alternative to democracy ? 
  a dictator who agrees with you on all issues ? 
  it 's a good thing we have constitutions and human rights , then , so that the lamb is protected . 
  the crimean tatars do not want to be part of russia . 
  they did call for a boycott of the referendum . 
  the tatars in russia however , i do n't know . 
  not in western europe , you 're not . 
  to ignore all of the great things the us has done for us in europe , regardless of the massive benefits you guys had because of it , would be stupid . 
  it 's the japanese equivalent of  or :d . [ it 's as close as you 'll get to how happy characters are drawn in anime , i guess . 
  ] ( http://i186.photobucket.com/albums/x305/ouranlurver/happy.jpg ), 
  no , but that does n't make it not good news . 
  hopefully the success of europe will show the rest of the world that it is doable , and maybe they 'll follow suit . 
  the article does say that china intends to cap its emissions and the united states has a plan to decrease its reliance on coal power . 
  it may not be the complete solution to all of our problems , but we 're taking steps forward nontheless . 
  mongolia is one of those 22 countries the uk has n't invaded , so it would obviously not shock me if this was an attempt to antagonise mongolia as a pretext for an invasion . 
  `` emissions fell by 19 percent between 1990 and 2012 , close to the 2020 target , while the eu economy expanded by 44 percent . 
  factors including weak growth have also cut eu emissions . '', 
  if i 'm interpreting that quote right , we 're pretty much there already . 
  yay for good news . 
  reporters without borders ranks us as 10th best in the world at freedom of the press . 
  we rank high in all of the other simillar rankings , too . 
  also , freedom of speech does n't mean that people wo n't argue against you or disassociate themselves with you because they do n't like what you said . 
  in the us they tried to pass a constitutional amendment called the equal rights amendment . 
  it did n't work , so i 'm not sure . 
  a lot of the things you mentioned are n't even sexual orientations , they 're gender identities or expressions . 
  it 's also called intersex , which is a very biological thing . 
  at least have an idea of what you 're talking about before you spread your moronic antisemitic and homophobic bullshit . 
  swedish results : social democrats : 24,5 % , 6 mandates . 
  green party : 15,2 % , 3 mandates . 
  moderate party ( current government ) 13,5 % , 3 mandates . 
  people 's party ( liberals ) : 9,9 % , 2 mandates . 
  center party : 6,6 % 1 mandate . 
  left party : 6,3 % 1 mandate . 
  christian democrats : 6,0 % 1 mandate . 
  feminist initiative : 5,3 % 1 mandate . 
  pirates : 2,2 % , out . 
  i was gon na vote for the left originally , but i do n't like how they want us to leave the eu so i voted for the pirates . 
  yay for democracy . 
  72 virgins . 
  it also is n't the word of mohammed . 
  there was someone who claimed that mohammed said that , but it 's a very weak sourced claim . 
  there are also plenty of theories that state that it 's either a mistranslation of `` angels '' or even raisins . 
  look at the last poll in dn . 
  they have a solid chance , and they 've been rising like crazy . 
  from the stories i 've read from nd you do n't even need to be a sex worker . 
  dudes just offer you money for having sex with them . 
  that does of course happen from time to time in other places too , but it 's apparently really common in nd . 
  for one thing , they are n't carrying russian weapons and russian uniforms . 
  that 's a pretty decent start . 
  is it really that weird that the un would consider a referendum without any real options illegitimate ? 
  so the us was behind the arab spring , too ? 
  behind the massive protests going on down in thailand ? 
  come on dude , take your anti-america tinted glasses off for just a second . 
  none of the coups in south america had month long mass protests on the street . 
  look , i know it 's fun to hate on the us , but they have absolutely nothing to do with the current situation in the ukraine . 
  nobody ate bullshit for breakfast when the us was invading iraq . 
  do n't you remember the protests and how everyone agrees that it 's bullshit now ? 
  do n't you remember how many european nations did not join the war because they thought it was bullshit ? 
  whataboutism is n't going to get us anywhere . 
  are you a spokesperson for the kreml ? 
  actually , typing in `` ukraine '' with the quotation marks will also take you to ukraine . 
  i just tested . 
  the votes themselves may not be completely racist , but the arguments and rhethoric used by the svp are absolutely racist . 
  they 're the ones behind this referendum , too . 
  well , you do n't know the gender of thebb , do you ? 
  i ( a girl ) shave both my legs and my armpits quite often . 
  might be the same with thebb . 
  it also should 've been given to the legitimate successor of qing china , the republic of china . 
  not that such things really matter , because might makes right . 
  as with all other putinbots , no evidence will ever be good enough for you . 
  so there 's no point to any of this . 
  the 80s were filled with great quotes from politicians . 
  dan qualye , vice president of the us , actually said `` i was known as the chief grave robber of my state . '', 
  change the words husband and wife to `` partner 1 and partner 2 '' . 
  it 's literally that simple . 
  that 's because they are ? 
  literally all science that has been done on the topic has shown that . 
  i guess we agree then . 
  i hope we continue to stay out of this shitfest as much as we can . 
  there 's nothing to be gained from us jumping in on either side . 
  palme was an alright prime minister . 
  he made sweden look a lot bigger and important than it really is and very much so put us on the map . 
  as for what he did internally ? 
  nothing really stands out . 
  tage erlander was also a socialist , and you can not tell me that he was incompetent . 
  we have n't had a vote in any part of this process so far , so why should they be able to ask us for money now ? 
  that does n't seem very fair to me anyway . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i went to high school in nice for a year , and it was one of the best times of my life . 
  lidl has a market share of 3 % in sweden and i have literally never seen an aldi . 
  foreign retail chains are just really really bad at establishing themselves here . 
  they always manage to do something that upsets the unions when they come here , and that reputation never goes away . 
  hitler also ignored treaties and international law at several points . 
  so i guess if we 're doing it your way : hitler if they do , hitler if they do n't .
