  they 're also a lot more arrogant than the french or the germans when it comes to wanting to speak their language . 
  we 're obligated to join the euro but nor erm ii which is required to join the euro . 
  should we join the erm ii we will join the eurozone in 2 years , but there is currently only one minor party that is really willing to join , and no one will do anything without a referendum . 
  as you can see the swedish people do not support joining the eurozone , so we 'll keep our own currency for the forseeable future . 
  but we do n't want to join . 
  we like our own currencies , and making us join would be very much so against your principles . 
  i do n't see the swedish people turning around on the euro anytime soon , either . 
  it 'll be at the very very least a couple of decades . 
  yeah , it 's pretty much only the us that has almost unconditional freedom of speech as it stands . 
  not saying that 's good or bad or whatever , that 's just how things are . 
  together we 're at least a force . 
  not just in terms of military , but economy as well . 
  12th highest gdp in the world . 
  for a really short while it was , yes . 
  the funny thing is that america pretty much has the infrastructure to play , like , 8 world cups , tomorrow . 
  yet fifa keeps giving world cups to countries that are n't even remotely ready to host them . 
  afghanistan , grenada , iraq , panama , and vietnam are all independent nations . 
  yeah , and to bring some whataboutism back at you , some black people did quite alright during the jim crow era . 
  that did n't make the jim crow laws even remotely acceptable . 
  by the way , you 're not allowed to have pride parades or public displays of affection either . 
  `` propaganda '' is a very loosely defined term in that law . 
  you are constantly watching ads during a football game . 
  unless you 're magically able to block out those adboards , of course . 
  and do n't say you 're not affected by the , cause youare . 
  otherwise they would n't be there . 
  crimea , then . 
  you ca n't say he was n't involved , there . 
  you really ca n't see the irony here ? 
  putin 's supporting the separatists in east ukraine , while doing this . 
  it 's funny in that political sense that 's not really funny at all and really just horrifying . 
  well the navy 's still in karlskrona , is n't it ? 
  i do n't think there 's anyone who likes it , least of all israel . 
  it 's not like they can do anything about it though . 
  well it 's not like there 's another choice . 
  israel 's never gon na get to join asia . 
  hell , they ca n't even join the asia group in the un . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/09/russias-global-image-negative-amid-crisis-in-ukraine/ ) you go . 
  huh . 
  i responded to the wrong comment , nevermind . 
  they used to be even more random when capitalizing words , too . 
  look at how the united states constitution capitalises most nouns but just does n't with some for some reason . 
  nowadays the key difference is that scandinavian languages do n't capitalise days of the weeks , months , languages and peoples . 
  oh boy , if the eu did n't have asterisks you guys would be even more mad at the eu . 
  bush gained his sky high approval rating because of the sense of national unity and patriotism that followed a tragic event . 
  then he gained another spike because of national unity that tends to follow going to war . 
  it 's nothing new , really . 
  did they need to be supplied truckloads of weapons to do this ? 
  yes . 
  otherwise the gadaffi army would 've beat them down and killed them all . 
  why does the us only give weapons to oppressed people whose leaders they do n't like ? 
  i think the us supply rebels they think have a fighting chance of doing something , like the ones they supplied in afghanistan and now in libya . 
  there 's no such force in saudi arabia . 
  what happened to peaceful protest ? 
  well , for one thing peaceful protests were illegal in libya and were accordingly beaten down hard by the libyan military . 
  that 's why it became a civil war . 
  liberal guilt ? 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about at this point . 
  it was a libyan conflict that the whole world agreed that we should get involved in in order to stop gadaffi from slaughtering more civilians . 
  the us decided they do n't like him ? 
  you mean the libyan people as part of the arab spring decided they did n't like him so they revolted against him . 
  then it turned out that gadaffi was bombing the rebels , and the un security council created a no-fly zone which gadaffi 's forces violated . 
  in response , and in accordance with the security council resolution 1973 , the primarily french and brittish nato air force in the area , enforced the resolution by destroying anything that was in violation of it . 
  as you can see , the us involvement in this whole affaire was really limited , as they really do n't want to be part of another prolonged war . 
  it was we europeans who did the heavy lifting in libya , when it comes to foreign intervention that is , the libyans did more than we did , of course . 
  violence surrounding elections is - while troubling - nothing new in young democracies . 
  i will remind you that your own country lost nearly 40 000 people in its struggle to become a democratic nation . 
  i have no doubt that things will eventually improve . 
  have i forgotten about when nato ensured the ousting of a dictator and the holding of some of the first democratic elections in libya ? 
  not really , no . 
  i honestly do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
  are democratic elections a bad thing to you ? 
  based on what ? 
  not by gdp growth , certainly . 
  that still does n't explain why people honest to god believe that the us government would like to commit diplomatic suicide . 
  like , honestly , what do they stand to gain from legitimizing everything wikileaks does , which is all extraditing him from sweden would ever accomplish . 
  that 's how things like that should end . 
  we do n't want to get rid of things if we feel like they 'll suffer if we do , but if there 's a new and perhaps even better home for them somewhere ? 
  then yeah , it 's a lot easier . 
  same reason it 's easier for babies to donate their pacifiers to kittens rather than just have them thrown away . 
  as you said , we 're not getting smaller . 
  you 'll note how our populations are n't decreasing , because of immigration . 
  those immigrants will grow up and they probably wo n't have a whole lot more children than we do . 
  the rest of the world will also become more and more like us as they get richer , because that 's how this shit works . 
  yes , and i just explained why the world population in increasing . 
  it 's called demographic transition . 
  you should really look it up , because you 'll learn a lot . 
  in short , the current progressive system of the west is experiencing declining birth rates just as the japanese are . 
  our systems wo n't change though , it 's the rest of the world that will . 
  the world population is increasing because most of it have n't gotten to the stage of demographic transition . 
  advances in medicine and such things lead to decreased death rates which causes massive population growth . 
  this happened in europe during the industrial revolution and is still happening in certain parts of the world . 
  however , the availability of family planning , birth control , abortion and sexual education leads to women being able to have as many children as they want , and as you can see here in the west , women want less children than replacement level . 
  this will happen to the third world as well , in fact , it 's already happened in parts of it . 
  unless you can think of a compelling reason for women in a society to have 3-4 children instead of 1-2 , then population decline will continue . 
  bear in mind that the more children you have the more difficult it is to be part of the labor force , and through that your independence . 
  women here in the west fought hard to win that independence , and we 're sure as hell not just gon na give it up . 
  yes , and how would these governments force women to have children ? 
  it sounds like a pretty impossible thing to do unless you put all the women in farms or something . 
  says who ? 
  who 's gon na bring about the change ?
