they wo n't stop , because they 're not going to repress their sexuality like they were forced to for hundreds of years . 
  you 'll have to deal with the fact that there are actually people who have different sexual tastes than you do . 
  having been to riga , i can tell you that there 's no lack of straight sex being shoved in your face . 
  in fact , as i got off the ship , the first things i saw were ads for strip clubs featuring almost naked women . 
  heterosexuality was shoved into your face way way harder than anything else in latvia . 
  the gay rights movement has had absolutely tremendous success by being in people 's faces . 
  ever since stonewall , their approach has been to be seen and heard , and that 's worked out each and every single time . 
  no they did n't . 
  i have no idea where you got the idea that there was gender equality in the soviet union from . 
  they had direct gender segregated workforces . 
  women were pushed into fields that their `` biological and psychological peculiarities '' could handle . 
  this included education and healthcare and the like . 
  much like in the rest of the world . 
  the pay gap in the soviet union was close to 33 % in the 1960s . 
  the gap in sweden was 21 % at the same time . 
  the russian gap has n't closed significantly since then in russia whereas it absolutely has in sweden . 
  the soviet union was filled with the same social conservative asshats that have always run russia , at least after lenin . 
  you 'll note how no woman really came close to a position of power in the warsaw pact , whereas there were at least some powerful women in the west . 
  much like what happened when israel became independent , the more militant factions of the insurgency were thrown out . 
  so no , not really . 
  how do you know those people are rich ? 
  they certainly are compared to the immigrants , but those could be middle class people . 
  i would also imagine that helping someone cross the border illegally is a crime . 
  why on earth would you call on people to commit crimes ? 
  do n't you want all your world war 2 songs sung like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa5ifjqjxiq ) ? 
  the soviets gave exactly zero shits about the jews . 
  antisemitism was incredibly widespread , and they were pretty damn good at killing jews themselves . 
  the partnership law in sweden was passed back in 1994 , so we were slightly ahead of you on that issue . 
  just as we got rid of the belief that we we 're a people that commited suicide all the time people start saying we 're commiting cultural suicide . 
  it 's a hard knock life . 
  i lived in nice for a year . 
  went to school there . 
  still do n't really have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  we 're not protestants in northern europe . 
  we 're agnostics . 
  either way , i 've done all of those things , so i have no fucking clue what you 're talking about or what any of that has to do with values . 
  they just said no to the left without even talking to them , so they 're actually smaller than the old government now . 
  what family values do they have that we do n't ? 
  sd will get near a government exactly never . 
  there would be open rebellions within the parties that would do anything close to that . 
  they 're not going to have much influence over immigration either , since that 's probably going to be worked out between all parties except them . 
  no , i meant , you . 
  we accept both homosexuals and bigots like yourself . 
  that 's our strength . 
  that 's why liberal democracies are , bar none , the best places to live . 
  the fact that you want to ruin that is very saddening but there 's nothing i can really do about it , so good night . 
  dream nice little dreams about submissive waifus now !, 
  jesus christ , you 're like a more bitter version of american anti-homosexual propaganda from the 50s . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  i ca n't believe you 're for real . 
  but guess what ? 
  in a liberal democracy you can be for real !, 
  in a dictatorship ? 
  ehm ... not so much . 
  have you ever tried smiling in your life , dude ? 
  every tried enjoying living ? 
  or do you always just sit around being bitter because not everyone fits into your idea of what a person should be ? 
  * everyone * benefits from homosexuality being accepted , just like everyone benefits from heterosexuality . 
  a society where people have lots of consensual sex and do n't have to repress their identity is a happier society . 
  a lot happier than your bleak , boring and miserable world . 
  there 's a significant overlap between straight people and pedophiles , too . 
  in fact , most likely a majority of them are straight !, 
  therefore , logically heterosexuality is pedophilia and a `` sick perversion '' . 
  by the way , i 'm really glad pride parades exist and that we , the rest of society , have the ability to rub the victory of love , tolerance and respect in the face of bitter pricks like yourself . 
  and you wan na know the greatest bit ? 
  you 're allowed to be who you are in our liberal democracy whereas you would n't give others that freedom in your horribly unspecified utopia . 
  calling someone a `` fucking retard '' draws away so much more from your argument than it could ever possibly add . 
  i know you 're trying to get people to be offended , but you just come off as immature as all hell . 
  rehabilitaton not punishment is the purpose of the prisons themselves , not so much the justice system . 
  it 's completely unrelated to our hate speech laws and our mental health system . 
  is a place where the us regrettably tortures people . 
  it has 0 to do with this conflict , and nobody on this subreddit who 's condemning the actions in ukraine support the activities in that prison . 
  yes , it 's a regulation targeted against those who do n't need to use vaccum cleaners that use more than 1600 watts . 
  well , if the democracy index is to be trusted , then you 're still a full democracy . 
  it 's certainly not an ideal place but you guys do rank higher than italy and france , for example . 
  the american security agencies are of course a bit of an issue , with their spying and all . 
  but even then , as it turns out , [ it 's something most countries do ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/18/turkey-summons-german-ambassador-bnd-spying ) . 
  wait what ? 
  nobody in europe or america has any problem whatsoever with you selling your milk to russia . 
  it 's a russian embargo of eu agrigultural products . 
  it 's a good thing , though . 
  will make a big difference for the finnish dairy industry and russia 's still fucked by their own sanctions . 
  [ in russia , you can even drive on the bodies of your untermensch !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m56_kolyma_highway ), 
  are you talking about the well known us lackeys of china and russia ? 
  because both of those countries supported the creation of isaf and the invasion of afghanistan . 
  the invasion of iraq did have popular support in the united states , however . 
  about 54 % before the war , and up to 70 when the war begun . 
  it did drop significantly after 2005 or so , apparently , but i do n't think you can just pull out of a war at that point . 
  pretty much correct , yes . 
  that 's how we stayed neutral . 
  you went to war because brittain was your allies and called you to war . 
  you 'll note how none of europe 's smaller nations actually went to war because they wanted to , they were forced to do it . 
  you went to war because canada itself was protected . 
  you would n't have gone to war if you knew that all that would happen is that your nation would be occupied and you would be forced to help the nazis more than you did . 
  because make no mistake , that 's what would 've happened if we went to war with the nazis . 
  well , quite a lot of american wars have been as part of a nato coalition or a un mandate so a declaration of war have n't been necessary in a lot of cases . 
  the us has been at war 5 times in its existence , did n't you know ? 
  canada , australia and new zealand would n't have fought if they knew they were going to be destroyed and occupied . 
  indeed , had we been on an island far away we might 've joined too .
