  that 's not how reality works . 
  canada joined world war 2 because you were never at risk of your own nation being destroyed or massive civilian casualties , those things were guarantees if we were to declare war on germany . 
  an ocean and the two strongest navies in the world were n't protecting us during world war 2 . 
  [ remember when russia so valiantly stood against us imperialism in afghanistan ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1386 ) man , those were the days . 
  1st gulf war : a us led coalition that was the largest coalition since world war 2 . 
  supported by the un pretty much unanimously . 
  liberation of a nation that had been invaded by another . 
  somalia : un intervention in a civil war . 
  bosnia : nato and un authorized airstrikes that led to an end of the war in bosnia . 
  haiti : un peacekeeping mission requested by haiti , not entirely a us operation . 
  the us did , however , seemingly do some shady things here . 
  kosovo : simillar to bosnia though without un approval . 
  afghanistan : unanimously supported by the un , carried out by a coalition of nato forces plus a few others . 
  2nd gulf war : yeah , not too much to say about this one . 
  shit decision , should n't have happened . 
  libya : nato airstrikes that the us sort of half-reluctantly joined iirc . 
  primarily carried out by france and the uk . 
  no doubt there 's a lot of money involved in american politics . 
  perhaps even too much . 
  but if you think that the eu that you 're so desperately trying to get into is much different . 
  well , you 're in for a shock , mate . 
  85 000 people are in private prisons in the us . 
  they 're also not trying to join the eu , so what the us does is completely and utterly irrelevant . 
  also , there 's no way in hell obama would 've won if corporate interests got their way . 
  and , ey japan , want your islands back ? 
  i get the feeling that we 'll consider attacking a country that launched nukes to be self defense . 
  most people who commit hate crimes are n't exactly silent about it . 
  i would imagine that the most common evidence for hate crimes is confession . 
  i had no idea they went to london . 
  i figured they 'd do what sinn fein did when ireland was first created , ignore london and work in belfast or dublin instead . 
  my comment was in reference to a son sung in swedish schools when you learn the months and then kinda sticks . 
  that song is to the melody of ode to joy . 
  i can imagine that 's what we 'd be singing , if anything , if that anthem plays . 
  i wonder how this 'll go over once the eu becomes more of a country on its own . 
  will we write a new swedish version of this song that 's actually related to the german one or will it still be the months song ? 
  it has seats for 427 members and there are 650 mps ( well , 645 as 5 mps simply choose not to go to london ) . 
  this is why you 'll see people standing in the doorway whenever there 's an important event in the house . 
  man , that was an absolutely shit play . 
  basically just some dancing and lots of lights and then a dude going `` i am now going to tell you a story independent of what happens down there '' . 
  lousy storytelling , 2/10 . 
  the us has never stages a nazi coup . 
  the word nazi is a very specific term that has pretty much only been done once in human history . 
  yes , the us has overthrown governments and installed more or less horrible ( mostly more , though not even close to the ones russia installed during the cold war ) , but no , never any nazis . 
  so basically you want your kings to be elected through bribery from other governments ? 
  because that 's kinda how the poles elected their king . 
  well yeah , you 'll be hard pressed to find a monarch who was actually good . 
  most of them started wars and killed a bunch of people over nothing . 
  what i meant more was that all of those female monarchs we 've had have been really good at making empires stronger . 
  only if there 's no male heir ? 
  that 's pretty discriminatory of you , dude . 
  i mean , i 'm alright with you yearning for the days of incest , political marriages , and being ruled by people who seriously believed they were made of glass . 
  but advocating for the patriarchy ? 
  that 's where i draw the line , man . 
  why does it have to be a man ? 
  have n't essentially all of the queens of europe been remarkably successful ? 
  isabella in spain , elizabeth 1 and victoria in the uk , catherine in russia , to an extent christina in sweden . 
  i feel like if anything , it 's definitely time we gave the queens of europe a chance to rule us all . 
  you do know that there 's a reason for why we all got rid of our kings and their powers , right ? 
  because they sucked . 
  they really sucked . 
  also , if you believe that there was unity in the old kingdoms of europe . 
  well , you 're lying to yourself . 
  one thing you forgot to mention was the climate change at the time . 
  it used to be rather hot here during the stone and bronze age , much like continental europe . 
  towards the end of the bronze age however it started getting a lot colder and rainier , which probably had a big effect on our culture . 
  i do n't know if you know this , but our parliaments consist of everything from communists to far-right nationalists . 
  so what opinions are being silenced ? 
  i really love the location of our parliament . 
  it 's located on a small island that 's right between old town and the most popular shopping street in the country . 
  the little bridge that leads to the island is a surprisingly good fishing spot , and you can see fishers there from time to time . 
  it 's a very beautiful area all around , i 'd say . 
  you ca n't show off american capitols without showing off the beauty of the [ florida ] ( http://www.flheritage.com/images/facts/capitol_1977.jpg ) one , or the beauty of the area surrounding the [ new york ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/albany.jpg ) capitol . 
  which makes it about half as big as the pentagon . 
  the pentagon 's an absolutely insane building . 
  everyone loves hearing germans speaking english with a german accent . 
  that 's why you 'll see english speakers fake it all the time , and probably part of the reason arnold became as big as he did in acting . 
  detroit 's inner city is fine because that 's where gm and ford have their headquarters and all . 
  if you go just a couple of hundred meters from comerica park though , you 'll see just a lot of abandoned or abandoned looking buildings and empty lots . 
  people keep saying that you ca n't say anything against israel without being labeled as an antisemite , but have you looked around you ? 
  everyone and their fucking aunt is critical of israel these days and there are very few people calling others anti-semites . 
  the law against discrimination states that you ca n't be discriminated against because of gender , gender identity or expression , ethnicity , religion , disability or sexual orientation . 
  so the anti-discrimination law would n't change at all . 
  apparently we could grow grapes here and stuff back in the day . 
  it then got a whole lot colder around the start of the iron age . 
  not a whole lot else though . 
  we were so far beyond the reach of romans and greeks and people from the levant that nothing from our prehistory was really noted . 
  presumably people farmed and fought wars for various lords . 
  social security contributions from employers to employees are set in cba 's , not dictated by the government . 
  eh , it 's a fairly nice feel good story . 
  i can see the appeal of it , even among adults . 
  as well as a chinese abstension . 
  they 're also definitely not going to get the votes of australia , luxembourg , south korea either . 
  chile , nigeria , and jordan voted for the crimea resolution , so they 're probably not going to support this either . 
  in short , russia does n't even have anything close to a majority on this issue . 
  if anyone , * maybe * argentina will support them ? 
  play your video games in the language you 're learning , watch movies in the language you 're learning . 
  during my first year of french in high school , my listening comprehension scores went from average to acing the national listening comprehension test . 
  you probably wo n't feel like you understand things immidiately , but if you just keep listening to someone speaking french , you 'll get it eventually . 
  native english speakers are n't particularly multilingual either .
