  ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/01962/ukip_03_1962711a.jpg ) meanwhile the only concrete evidence you have is that an independent feminist organization for university students said something stupid once . 
  i 'm sure that freedom of speech is a teeny tiny bit stronger than that . 
  chapter 11 art . 
  3 of the swedish instrument of government : `` neither the riksdag , nor any public authority , may determine how a court of law shall adjudicate an individual case or otherwise apply rule of law in a particular case . 
  nor may any other public authority determine how judicial responsibilities shall be distributed among individual judges . '', 
  we 're not going to suspend our constitution because of some paranoid asshole who sees himself as above the law . 
  pruitt igoe was torn down in the 1970s , though . 
  i 'm really glad we expanded our parliament building . 
  if we just had that square one , it would look so incredibly dull . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helgeandsholmen#/media/file:riksdagen_september_2014_02.jpg ) a better photo of the building and the surrounding area . 
  just make the first sound in your mouth . 
  your tongue will be restricting the flow of air , thus it 's not a vowel . 
  simple as that , really . 
  they 're more like the people who rebelled against the established lutheran churches . 
  people like the quakers and the mennonites . 
  many of the churches in the 13 colonies were also pretty big into limited forms of democracy and human rights . 
  i guess that works too . 
  either way , parliament should make laws , not courts . 
  german parliament should pass a better law then . 
  is it direct democracy if the referendum was created by parliament ? 
  next thing you know , organizations that vioalate rules are punished for violating the said rules . 
  '' ` discrimination against russia ' : isinbayeva to fight for right to compete at 2016 olympics . '', 
  there are links to more articles in the article you posted . 
  and of course the other articles are all about how this decision is russophobia and discrimination . 
  standard operating procedure . 
  greece ? 
  you mean the hellenic republic , right ? 
  yes , people who vote green like to live their lives , too . 
  i do n't get why people bring up bullshit like this whenever green parties are brought up . 
  in this case , they want to wave a flag . 
  the spanish government replies by banning the use of this flag . 
  if you do n't see how that only aids the `` 24h/365d circus act , '' then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  actions like this is probably the best way to turn people against you . 
  has the spanish government ever thought about , you know , * not * pissing off catalonia ? 
  this is ridiculously counterproductive . 
  this kind of housing is what architects and urban planners liked at the time . 
  function was way more important than design , and they 're certainly functional . 
  in fact , they were better heated and isolated than other housing built before then ( which is kind of a big deal around here ) . 
  there are also a lot of projects going on right now to renovate these things to make them more energy efficient and less of an eyesore . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.yimby.se/publishing/filestore/33b56084-d1f5-4ce9-b54a-a29f170804d1.jpg ) is what akalla ( fairly immigrant heavy suburb ) will look like in 2030 . 
  that 's how houses were built in most parts of the world during the 1960s . 
  houses like that exist in paris , rome , london , berlin , new york , hong kong , singapore and all over the world . 
  i grew up in one of them , and while they were certainly ugly on the outside , they were certainly much more spacious and comfortable than any apartment i lived in in southern europe . 
  edit : also , our newly built apartments look nothing like that . 
  they 're in line with 21st century architectural standards . 
  actually , the uk does n't have codified laws at all . 
  they have a huge patchwork of acts , precedents and conventions . 
  it 's strange , but it mostly works . 
  we had to give up pommerania for it ( and indirectly also finland ) . 
  eh , she had a really good voice . 
  i hope that the recent media infatuation with wilders will stop now . 
  he never did anything to earn it . 
  let him fade into obscurity . 
  you just have to wish hard enough . 
  pvdd is the animal rights party . 
  pvda is the old social democratic party . 
  american ballots are massive , and you have elections all the time . 
  what i meant was that gl can get things they want without actually joining the government . 
  with a supply and confidence agreement , they can force the government to negotiate with them on most issues . 
  and if there 's a scandal , their hands are clean . 
  do n't you guys have supply and confidence agreements ? 
  hypocrite . 
  you still had a king after that long war of independence . 
  the republic part came via referendum some 15 years later . 
  what would 've happened to france and britain ? 
  if those governments collapsed like the german one did , it would 've had huge ramifications to their globe-spanning empires . 
  what would have happened to the united states if they lost hundreds of thousands of men with nothing to show for it ? 
  would germany and japan go to war over german holdings in asia and the pacific ? 
  those are just a few of the variables . 
  c\u00f4te-d'or is a brave little macron department right in the middle of the le pen heartland . 
  really stands out . 
  le pen is getting demolished in paris . 
  has n't gotten 5 % of the vote in any of the arrondissements that have reported . 
  the local . 
  apparently i 'm not allowed to link to that site , though . 
  macron won in saint aubin-sur-mer and bernieres-sur-mer , while fillon won in courseulles-sur-mer, 
  macron barely won the commune of omaha beach , and fillon won comfortably in the commune of utah beach . 
  macron sure does look and sound presidential . 
  not much else to say about him . 
  i keep hearing about this sixth republic . 
  nobody interested in a third empire instead ? 
  napoleon can still win this , guys . 
  all the melenchon voters they 've interviewed have given the most lukewarm macron endorsements i have ever seen . 
  it 's france . 
  listening to that speech from le pen , it sounded like she thought she 'd been elected president . 
  also , the far-right buzzwords are the same all over the world . 
  maybe that 's the true mondialisation sauvage . 
  whenever they say `` militant '' i think they 're about to turn to some paramilitary types . 
  i 'm guessing it means supporter or something like that , though , right ? 
  candidates give up a whole lot quicker in france than in other countries . 
  concessions usually only happen when most of the vote has been counted , even in landslides . 
  this guy in france 24 right now , you could n't get a worse beard than him if you tried . 
  fn should consider getting some people not named le-pen . 
  listening to french is a weird experience for me . 
  i do n't understand all of the words like in english , but i can make sense of the full sentences . 
  getting better at it , too . 
  are the greens not running a candidate in this election ? 
  i was counting melenchon as the third . 
  25 seats in a legislature with 577 seats is pretty damn cllse to 0 . 
  why is no one talking about the upcoming legislative elections ?
