can you name one that was not a member or descendent of the protestant settlers from britain ? 
  do only roman catholics of irish descent count as irish to you ? 
  but to play your game daniel o'connell mp for dublin and clare, 
   regardless of the identity politics , the notion that the british empire adequately represented ( rather than actively and callously repressed ) the irish catholic majority of ireland is a whitewash i was at no point trying to whitewash anything , indeed i was doing the opposite . 
  i was simply saying that trying to portray the british-irish relationship as nothing more then exploitation and abuse is a misleading and simplistic view of history . 
  edit : punctuation , sorry bit drunk . 
   they would generally ( though not always ) self-identify as english or scotch-irish ( wellington & swift for example ) others like bernard shaw and oscar wilde considered themselves irish to identify as british ( or english/welsh/scottish ) does not preclude or negate identifying as irish , edmund burke did both . 
   they were not representative of the irish majority or its aspirations the same could be said of hardline irish nationalists . 
  in every major irish rebellion locals helped fight in the regular military and militia units against the rebels . 
  in the 1918 election sinn fein ( the only party saying they wanted to create an independent irish republic ) won 47 % of the popular vote , yet these people and the those of 1916 are held up as irish heroes , rather then as extremists representing only a minority view of the irish people . 
  edit : spelling, 
  do protestant anglo-irish people not count as irish in your view ? 
  the various positions i listed were at various times held by people from ireland . 
  except it 's more complicated than that . 
  there were irish prime ministers , irish parliamentarians , irish cabinet members , irish heads of the military , irish colonial governors , irish vice roy 's of india and irish captains of industry . 
  britain 's relationship with ireland is complicated and not simply black and white . 
  that 's assuming we take it at face value and not as a piece of propaganda . 
  was gaelic ireland really united at this time ? 
  i thought it was more an alliance of various independent lords, 
  ah my favourite kind of anti-imperialist , white people born in former colonies, 
  i 'm from the uk and live in china . 
  china is very conservative in its culture , i work with young chinese people and they are not homophobic , but certainly uncomfortable with it . 
  officially according to the chinese government there are no gay people in china . 
  having said all of this there are a couple of gay brits in my building , they said the worse that happens is people stare at them . 
  i did not say it did n't happen merely that the methodology the author used was by his own admittance vague , i can give several examples : it included norway on the list of invaded countries citing the landing of british forces in 1940 , totally ignoring the fact that those forces landed with the approval of norway and were there to support them in fighting the invading germans . 
  it also included places visited by english/british explorers or privateers , despite these groups being loosely affiliated with british state . 
  finally it includes the baltic states because of the english/scottish mercenaries employed by the swedish during the great northern war . 
  this is how the author defined invasion : ' `` the british were found to have achieved some sort of military presence in the territory -- however transitory -- either through force , the threat of force , negotiation or payment . '', 
  edit : authors definition of invasion, 
  if you are referring to that statistic that the uk has invaded 90 % of countries in the world , the man who wrote the book it was from admitted that his definition of invasion was incredibly vague . 
  not even mentioning the whole ` country ' definition . 
   the house of lords vetoed any measure with regards to home rule that the liberal/ipp coalition introduced . 
  the 3rd home rule bill passed parliament and was ready to be implemented , then world war i happened , which i am sure you will concede was of higher concern to the government . 
  so the bill was postponed until after the war ended , but we will never know . 
   the declaration was very much rooted in liberal ideas . 
  i 've never met anyone who disputed that . 
  writing a document full of liberal ideas is one thing , actually running a country and living by them is another , after all actions speak louder then words . 
   headed the democratic will of the majority in ireland what 's more democratic then 1500 people with guns taking over some buildings in dublin and claiming to speak for 4.5 million people . 
   the history of the irish has been one of subjugation through structural discrimination ( the penal laws come to mind ) the penal laws , which were also on the books in britain were based on religion not nationality . 
  the penal laws are anti-catholic/anti-dissenter not anti-irish , the fact that the majority of the irish population were catholic does n't change anything , a irish anglican had more rights then an english catholic . 
  edit : i really should learn not to break the anglo-phobic/hibernophilia circlejerk , i guess me and my facts should just fuck off . 
   you and the person you were responding to are showing far more bias , or perhaps ignorance of the history than this program i made no comment on the content of the program , i simply pointed out that the program originated from the irish state broadcaster and so expecting such a source to be unbiased was futile . 
  admittedly not in so many words . 
   revolutionaries demanding a society based loosely on liberal principles this was the uk in 1916 not russia . 
  the uk was a liberal society , those revolutionaries lived in a society in which they participated as equals . 
  considering the ultra moralistic legislation some of these people introduced you can hardly accuse them of liberalism . 
  it 's from rte , an organisation part owned by the irish government they were hardly going to say anything negative about the easter rising . 
  arthur was a unionist though , let 's just call it 50/50, 
  modern estimates put the total around 20 % , not 40 % . 
  source : http://www.theirishstory.com/2014/01/22/from-catastrophe-to-baby-boom-population-change-in-early-modern-ireland-1641-1741/#.vp8b6_l97iu edit : downvoted even with a source , sorry to ruin your hibernian circle jerk, 
   estimates range from 15 % to 50 % of the irish population . 
  modern historians put the estimate at 20 % of the irish population , which was not an outrageously high number for the time period , england lost 5 % , scotland 10 % in the civil war/war of the three kingdoms , even more then that germany lost 50 % of its population during the 30 years war . 
  well the entire emerald isle does n't like being called part of the uk, 
  well ni is a bit of a clusterfuck . 
  before the troubles everyone on ni called themselves irish , the terms just became politicised over time . 
  yes . 
  people from the uk are northern irish , people from the republic are just called irish . 
  also you forgot the welsh . 
   irish oh boy , this is n't going to end well, 
  they waited many years but it 's their pay back for cromwell . 
   `` if it has got four legs and it is not a chair , if it has got two wings and it flies but is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it is not a submarine , the cantonese will eat it . '', 
  ( at a 1986 world wildlife fund meeting ) to be fair i live in guangdong ( canton ) and this is a joke the locals say about themselves . 
   oh and the romans only used britannia to refer to their provence , ie : england and wales . 
  every other island was given its own name . 
  in ad 70 , pliny the elder , in book 4 of his naturalis historia , describes the islands of `` britanniae '' as including great britain , ireland , orkney , and the smaller islands . 
  edit : gave source still downvoted , do n't know what i expected . 
   the term was brought into the english language during the tudor period by imperialist john dee yes in the english language , but the article you linked says that the ancient greeks and romans used an equivalent term , so it 's not some sort of conspiracy to undermine the irish . 
  he was from a small town somewhere in kerry i do believe . 
  yeah , a huge amount of the british military was irish , both wellington and kitchener 's personal staff were overwhelming irish too . 
  lord kitchener as well . 
  lord elgin only took half the statues there , what happened to those that remained in greece ? 
  this is going to be a fun thread, 
  i was just following orders, 
  it was not my intention to annoy or offend . 
  the reason i used the word ` nationalist ' is very simply that people from ni or more specifically unionists do n't have a problem with that phrase , at least not the ones i have met . 
  i know that , hence why the first thing i say is that it implies british ownership of ireland and the irish do n't like that . 
  the oldest use of such a phrase comes from a greek sailing handbook from around 500 bc called the ` massaliote periplus ' . 
  there are other sources from several centuries later with the islands called the prettanic or brettanic islands ( \u0392\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03b1\u1f76 \u03bd\u1fc6\u03c3\u03bf\u03b9 ) or as \u03b1\u1f31 \u0392\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03b9\u03b1\u03b9 , literally `` the britains '' . 
  sources : snyder , christopher a. 
  the britons many roman writers similarly group the islands together . 
  strabo uses the terms prettans or brettans to refer to the whole group . 
  pliny the elder used ` britanniae ' ( the britannias ) and claudius ptolemy uses the phrase ` bretanic islands ' . 
  strabo : geography , book 4 pliny : naturalis historia , section 4.102 ptolemy : http://www.wilbourhall.org/pdfs/ptolemy/claudii_ptolemaei_geographiavol_i.pdf pg 59 . 
  yes it 's in greek , that 's the language he used . 
  irish nationalists say it implies british ownership of ireland , and the phrase ` british isles ' was an invention by an english cartographer . 
  this however does ignore the fact that we have documents from the ancient greeks and romans , and many other sources that group the islands together as a single unit under a name derived from the largest island . 
  edit : being downvoted , do n't know why , can someone tell me ? 
  the romans and greeks also grouped all the islands together under a name derived from the largest island . 
  what about edmund burke and lord carson , called themselves british and irish . 
   the were british , not irish , that 's how they viewed themselves and how they were viewed . 
  edmund burke for example considered himself both irish and british , same with wellington . 
   frank was the colonial administrator of occupied poland , by your logic , that makes him polish ... no , he was n't born in poland . 
  i think richard wellesley was irish because he was born in ireland , i do n't think he was bengali because he was governor of bengal . 
   the were british , not irish , that 's how they viewed themselves and how they were viewed . 
  edmund burke for example considered himself both irish and british , same with wellington . 
   frank was the colonial administrator of occupied poland , by your logic , that makes him polish ... no , he was n't born in poland . 
  i think richard wellesley was irish because he was born in ireland , i do n't think he was bengali because he was governor of bengal . 
  wolfe tone and patrick pearse both had british ancestry , are they not irish ? 
   well , they were n't irish for the most part , they were british colonial ascendancy so people born in ireland are n't irish then ? 
  swift , yeats , wilde and may more were all anglos yet no one would say they are n't irish .
