splitting austria like that seems just random . 
  that 's true , but the eu is the main sponsor of galileo . 
  that 's because you are n't reading german and austrian media . 
  there was heavy opposition againist the eu directive . 
  the germans even preferred penalty payments to introducing the directive for years . 
   we have been as we are since 843 drunk ? 
  please try to separate facts from opinion . 
  the neos present themselfes as liberals and they are ( in my opinion ) the most liberal party in austria . 
  only rumors and quite weird stories . 
  but i would n't be surprised : putting hundreds or thounsands of male youth in the woods with sharp ammunition and nothing to do for a long time has to lead to injuries . 
  the assistenzeinsatz ( plus some drunken hunter ) may be the cause for that . 
  downvoted because : * it does n't have to do anything with this subreddit * it 's a picture of a wall of text - you do n't need the picture to post the text, 
  do you want to imply that our un-troops are down there for imperialistic reasons ? 
  is it really that hard to understand that austria is interested in a peaceful situation on the balkan ? 
  [ details can be found here . 
  it concerns the budget for the next five years , so the calculations are all based on predictions . 
  the initial figures are just far more optimistic than the revised ones and therefore included higher yieldes from taxes and lower expenses for pensions and welfare . 
  the main criticism is n't that they were possibly too optimistic , but that they waited with the revision till after the election . 
  it also is n't surprising that the conservatives are on the conservative side after the revision while the social democrats tended to continue the optimistic view : the conservatives aim for a balanced budget while the social democrats want to increase welfare ( famous citation of an former austrian social democratic cancellor : `` i prefer one million schilling debt to a single jobless . '' ), 
  * austria * our government discovered - after the election - that it miscalculated the budget by 40 billions . 
  after some squabbling the two coalition partners decided that the actual size of the budget gap is 24 billions ( the initial number of 40 billions was stated by a conservative gouvernor , the social democrats initial position was that there may not even be a gap ) . 
   the rest run on internal demand . 
  i disagree . 
  the economy of small countries like austria depends on international trade . 
  a lot of the stuff we buy is imported , and most of our products are exported . 
  internal demand has an effect , but is dwarfed by the influence of international events . 
  the article does n't even mentions germany . 
  why include it in the title ? 
  germany runs a budget deficit , so there 's no `` surplus of money it has nothing to do with '' . 
  actually , inflation in austria is still pretty [ high ] ( http://wko.at/statistik/indizes/preikooester.pdf ) ( 1,7 % in september ) . 
  so please educate me : why is austria a `` true haven '' ? . 
  we are n't even in the top ten in the financial secrecy 2013 index higher , we have a 25 % tax on interest and we are about to abandon banking secrecy for foreigners completly . 
  oh , and speaking of secrecy : gibraltar has way more points in the secrecy score than austria ( 79 vs 64 ) . 
  and please do n't tell me that the uk ca n't pressure gibraltar - you are quite dependent on them . 
  rest assured that the anti-european parties in austria are neither doubtful nor critical . 
  they are just against the eu , without voicing thoughtful , constructive critique . 
  the investor-state dispute settlement could , in the way it 's proposed , supersede national law . 
  an oil company could hope to cancel a fracking ban in an eu country for example . 
  at least that 's how i understood the matter . 
  feel free to correct me . 
  the habsburger originated in switzerland . 
  so `` never '' is n't actually never in this case . 
  very odd scale, 
  sorry , have n't watched it for years . 
  he is friendly , drinks too much beer and is very creative when it comes to insulting other people , especially strangers . 
  the good : we have a liberal party in parliament again . 
  the bad : the nationalistic fp\u00d6 gained 4 % , reaching 22 % . 
  the ugly : the sp\u00d6 / \u00d6vp coalition had to rely on the pensionists to secure their mayority . 
  it seems you are the one with a one-sided view on this topic . 
  the sp\u00d6-ministers tried to cover up the whole thing in the beginning . 
  they woul n't have done that if they were n't guilty . 
  there are also numerous other scandals regarding the sp\u00d6 , like the money gambling in linz ( sp\u00d6 city government , sp\u00d6 bank ) , ignoring the outcome of the job bidding in the arbeiterkammer , illegal financing of placats in election campaigns , etc. 
  minority government tend to get busted after about two years in austria . 
  therefore , we tend to avoid them . 
  thanks , but since i read xkcd , i 'm aware of the fact that the mercartor projection is flawed in that respect . 
  do n't let the maps confuse you . 
  austria just outsourced some of its territory for a while after ww1 . 
  it 's ridiculous that the us is still able to threaten single eu countries with trade sanctions . 
  we have a single market , or not ? 
  i thought it has been established after ww2 that following orders is no excuse ? 
  short answer : up to 6 month prison or up to a years salary . 
   it has already limited the pensions that unmarried daughters are allowed to collect when their father dies , and scrapped a bonus for showing up to work on time . 
  no wonder the greek economy is in such a bad shape . 
  agreed . 
  i really like my country and see no reason for moving . 
  ** austria ** * the election campaigns are gaining momentum , meaning nothing productive gets done . 
  * the weather is nice . 
  yeah , bombing a country will surely help the civilians ... 
  subsidies do n't have to do anything with the free market . 
  this would n't work in coalitions , because the coalition partners must be able to find compromises . 
  you may have misunderstood me . 
  my argument is that switzerland hold together all these centuries , even though they have different languages and therefore also have at least partially different cultures . 
  why does it has to be an anglo-american style federal union ? 
  why not a german style federal union ? 
  it works good enough for germany , austria and switzerland . 
  switzerland has been doing well for centuries despite having different languages . 
  in austria we have a ( partly ) privatized , highly competitive telecommunication market and our prices are actually one of the lowest in europe . 
  the only one who complains about it is the ceo of the market leader , the austrian telekom , which happens to still be partly state-owned . 
  so yes , privatisations leads to low prices , if done right . 
  no data , i guess . 
  still lowest unemployment in the eu !, 
  maybe not ideal , but still better system : - ) all judicative powers should come from the european court of justice . 
  - ) meps should be allowed to propose laws ( afaik only the european commission has this privilege at the moment . 
  - ) no veto for single countries . 
  if a majority of the european parliament and a qualified majority of the countries are in favour of a proposal , it should become law in the entire eu . 
  - ) the european commission should be more technocratic , strifing for optimization instead of idealistic goals . 
  the european parliament should be the institution to decide in which direction the eu should move . 
  countries deciding to ignore the rules of the eu are a problem which , in my opinion , has its root cause in the lack of legitimity of the european lawmaking process . 
  the problem is , that the european commission has legislative ( proposing of laws ) , judiciary ( e.g. 
  imposing penalties for not following the rules ) and also some executive powers . 
  what the eu needs is a better seperation of powers , including a stronger parliament . 
   i found it interesting that it seems like a majority of the citizens , with regards to the economic crises , think `` the worst is yet to come '' . 
  the only two countries that do not believe that is denmark and estonia . 
  if you refer to the statistic on page 26 , you are wrong . 
  there are 8 countries where more believe that the peak is already reached : austria , bulgaria , estonia , latvia , malta , hungary , denmark and latvia . 
  as an austrian , i do n't know a single monarchist , adult or not . 
  are we supposed to believe that it 's just about counterterrorism ? 
  industrial espionage happens to be also among the tasks of the nsa . 
  waz does n't restrict itself to fearmongering rightwing propaganda , they are equally engaged in fearmongering leftwing propaganda ( e.g. 
  faymanns letter to the kronenzeitung ) .
