  a splitting of the euro would mean that he could n't challenge the dollar as the worlds reserve currency . 
  also , trade between the north and the south would decline . 
  i have n't found an english article yet , but [ here ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-eco/2011/10/20/97002-20111020filwww00398-reformer-les-agences-de-notation-barnier.php ) you can read about it in french . 
  `` kontrollieren '' does n't have the same meaning as `` control '' . 
  `` monitor '' or `` supervise '' would be a better translation . 
  11 % think that terrorism is the most serious problem of the world . 
  the fearmongering seems to work . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  could someone who downvoted this link explain why this gets downvoted ? 
  for me , it seems to be an informative article , which reflects current developements . 
  the authors do n't mix their opinion with the information , so one could say this article is objective . 
  i like political discussions in / r/europe , but i do n't want to see boulevard media like the dailymail or the telegraph here . 
  i also do n't appriciate clearly onesided blogs like openeuropeblog.blogspot.com . 
  europe has enough quality media , which can be used to inform fellow europeans and to spark discussions . 
  would you please provide citations for your figures ? 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/balance-of-trade ) the eurozone has a trade-surplus . 
   everything should be made as simple as possible , but not simpler . 
  - albert einstein . 
  i think this analogy is too simple . 
  it 's already common knowledge that a monetary union can not work without a fiscal union . 
  but to say that the individual economies are just `` parts of cars '' , which needs to be combined to work is just wrong . 
  each of these economies is already intensly interwoven with the others and functioned without a great supergovernment for decades or even centuries . 
  salzburg is spelled wrongly . 
  lower austria , weinviertel, 
  i would n't say it happened solely in 1300 . 
  through the centuries , the power shifted from the emperor to the ruler of the principalities . 
  in 1300 , the emperor was still pretty powerful . 
  in the 19th century , emperor was merely more than a title . 
  their site speaks of circa 100 control points . 
  they also mention portable control devices . 
  the austrian asfinag installed cameras . 
  if they filmed you without vignette , they will send a bill in the amount of 120 $ to the car owner . 
  ops title is wrong . 
  the cow is of austrian origin . 
  the interest rates are still very low , as you can see [ here ] ( http://www.ecb.int/stats/monetary/rates/html/index.en.html ) . 
  low interest rates lead to an increased supply in money , and therefore to a higher inflation ( and also to the creation of bubbles ) . 
  since it 's the purpose of the ecb to keep the prices stable , it was the right thing to do . 
  citation from http://www.ecb.int/ecb/orga/tasks/html/index.en.html:  and : `` without prejudice to the objective of price stability , the escb shall support the general economic policies in the community with a view to contributing to the achievement of the objectives of the community as laid down in article 2 . '', 
  ( treaty article 105.1 ) so they have to support the member countries , but it 's highest priority is price stability . 
  so they had to raise the rates if they did n't want to go to jail i guess . 
   oh and the ecb , potentially the most incompetent central bank in the world has been raising interest rates which is a bit like handing a drowning man a lead belt . 
  the mandate of the ecb is mainly to keep prices stable . 
  you ca n't call them incompetent for pursuing their goals , but they worked outside their mandate when they got involved in the bailouts . 
  now they ca n't be considered independent any more . 
  my opinion to your question is , that the euro and the eurozone will change , but the euro will survive . 
  do n't forget that greece kinda already defaulted . 
  the euro has n't taken much damage back then . 
  so even though it 's still unspecified/unclear what happens if one of the bigger economies defaults , i do n't think it will be the end of the euro . 
  / r/europe is for news & discussions concerning europe . 
  do n't abuse it for political campaigning for a local poll !, 
  so there was a shady compromise 27 years ago . 
  since then , farm subsidies were shrinking , but the rebate got higher and higher . 
  excuse me , that i think it 's unfair that britain alone gets this huge rebate just because france benefits inadequately . 
  this deal just does n't reflect the reality any more . 
   to abolish the grossly unfair cap an interesting proposal . 
  i would agree with you if you would have said , that the cap needs to be reformed . 
  i think a lowering of the subsidies step by step would have the effect of rising prices on agricultural products , so most farmers would survive the change . 
  other services done by the farmers , like the conservation of the countryside , would require service level agreements between the community and the farmers , but it would be manageable . 
  of course , a lowering of the subsidies would also require a lowering of the huge amount of requirements a farmer needs to fulfill to get the subsidies . 
  these requirements are a massive restriction to the freedom of actions for farmers . 
  also , i think the effects of the fact , that agriculture is one of the few things which are financed eu-wide could be lowered , if other sectors would be financed eu-wide too . 
  an example would be the financing of universities . 
  students are free to study anywhere in europe , but the universities are financed by the country in which they are located . 
  this leads to problems , especially for small countries . 
  example : many german students want to study medicine in austria . 
  since germany is much bigger than austria , austrias medicin universities are flooded with inscriptions of german students . 
  austria imposed the regulation , that the german students get only one third of the university places . 
  but this is a de facto a discrimination of german students . 
  as far as i know , belgium has the same problem with france . 
  austria/belgium ca n't shoulder the burden to finance the education of all the german/french students that want to study there . 
  if the universities would be financed eu-wide , it would be easy to enlarge the demanded universities , regardless of where they are located . 
   my maths may be wrong , but the uk receives a fraction of what france gets ( http://www.farmsubsidy.org/gb/ ) so even with our rebate we get less than france does , back . 
  your `` maths '' just looks on the side of subsidies , but the rebate defines how much the uk have to pay to the eu . 
  regarding newer data : i still think you would have to do it since you were discontent with my link . 
  nonetheless , [ here ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036802.stm ) is a bbc-article from 2009 regarding the rebate . 
  according to this article , the rebate was at 6.3 billion euros in 2009 . 
  if you add the rebate and uk farm subsidies the sum even exceed the farm subsidies of france . 
  my point , that other countries like germany , or also the netherlands , are in a similar position still stands . 
  they contribute far more to the eu than they get . 
  it just hurts the sense for equality that one of 27 countries gets a rebate . 
   what also appears to be interesting is that the uk is almost exemplary at providing data on what it gets from the cap and what it does with it - it is 3rd on that website 's `` transparency '' index alongside sweden and denmark . 
  france , germany and for reference austria do n't appear to do quite so well . 
  maybe the uk should stay in the eu so we can impart our own brand of honesty and transparency ? 
  now you are just plain offensive . 
  also , the website you refer to is uk-based ( `` activists '' ) and maybe i just have n't searched hard enough , but i have n't found the reasons they provide for the scores . 
  for example austria has an own website where you can look up farm subsidies of every austrian farmers ( http://www.transparenzdatenbank.at ) . 
  so i came to the conclusion , that the accusation that austria is n't transparent enough is just ridiculous . 
  the eu consists of 27 countries , not just the uk and france . 
  of course it would be ridiculous if france would n't be a net contributor , but this does n't justify a rebate for one single other country . 
  according to [ europa.eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/2011/2011_en.cfm ) , the farm subsidies are down to 30.2 % of the eu budged . 
  back in 1984 it was , according to wikipedia , 80 % . 
  of course the uk is , like most other wealthy countries , a net contributor . 
  but i do n't think the cap justifies the rebate any more . 
   also , that article appears to be ancient from 2004/5 . 
  then provide more recent data . 
   why do you think it is unfair ? 
  other countries ( for example germany ) are in a similar position , but only the uk receives the rebate . 
  i think it 's reasonable that wealthy countries contribute more than they get . 
   still , if the eu wants us out , i hope they repay all our `` membership fees '' . 
  will the eu want to lose a significant net contributor to french farming ?
