  they refused to pay refunds to citizen of the netherlands and britain after one of their banks went bankrupt . 
  they used diplomatic and economic tools to force iceland to pay , but after iceland made it clear that they wo n't change their mind , everything went back to normal ( more or less ) . 
  could anyone explain the greek voting system to me ? 
  why does the party with 18,85 % get 108 seats , but the party with 16,78 % only 52 ? 
   the dutch economy , europe 's fifth largest huh ? 
  surly germany , the uk , france , spain , italy and poland have bigger economies . 
  and outside the eu , but still inside europe , we have russia and the ukraine . 
  austrians caused already two world wars . 
  they really should n't provoke us again by taking the k\u00e4sekrainer from us . 
  anonymous bank accounts are n't allowed any more , so i guess it would n't be too difficult for the authorities to track the movement of the money of one of their citizens and tax him accordingly . 
  so they can collect at least the tax this citizen would have to pay . 
  furthermore , most of the us-banks are , in one way or the other ( branches , subsidiaries , or just conducting transactions ) , active in europe . 
  not obliging the law could result in harsh sanctions , and therefore heavy losses . 
  in the past , the eu commission already sanctioned us-giants like microsoft or google successfully . 
  have you read the article ? 
   and what if an american bank in new york , acting on behalf of an eu citizen , purchased the stock of another us bank ? 
  that transaction would also be subject to the european tax . 
   i do n't see why we 're getting singled out . 
  you are n't getting singled out . 
  catch21 is a british website , ehshan is a british redditor ( i guess ) and the article is about british politics . 
  for some reason he thought it would better fit in / r/europe than in / r/ukpolitics . 
  i , for one , have n't heard about abu qatada till now . 
  according to your link , switzerland , a wealthy country with a huge financial sector , has two times the suicide rate that germany has . 
  greece , on the other hand , a country with a lot of problems , is on the lower end of the list . 
  so your link just proves that there is no clear connection between the size of the financial sector ( or the gdp ) of a country and its suicide rate . 
   alto adige / s\u00fcdtirol receives horrendous quantities of free money from rome , can you cite sources for your claim ? 
  according to the article the problem is that southern tyrol have to pay too much money to rome , not the other way around . 
   it is really unlikely that any secessionist dream will go anywhere , because i doubt that austria would like to pay a similar bill anyway . 
  the vast majority of austrians still wants s\u00fcdtirol back . 
  if italy would make an appropriate offer , our government would have no other option than to buy s\u00fcdtirol . 
   austrian nuclear energy austria has only one nuclear power plant and never started it . 
  a message to the downvoter ( citing the rediquette ) :  do n't : downvote opinions just because you disagree with them . 
  the down arrow is for comments that add nothing to the discussion . 
  dageshis comment is definitly a contribution to the discussion , so there 's no reason to downvote him/her . 
  s&p , the rating agency in question , already downgraded the us . 
  denmark , the netherlands and austria also managed to sell short-termed bonds with negative yields . 
  you may have n't read the news.the yield for ( six-month ) german bonds is n't 2 % but -- 0.0122 % ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/story/2012/01/09/germany-bond-yield-negative.html ) . 
  so the 0.25 % at the ecb has actually a higher roi . 
  during my school time , english native speaker visited our schools for some days/hours from time to time . 
  i guess it would be easy for you to get some of these short-termed employments . 
  at university , our english teacher was an us-citizen with a degree in theology - so i think it should n't be impossible teaching english with a degree in philosophy either . 
  like john redwood or the telegraph ? 
  i 'm no economist , but maybe i can answer your question why greek bonds yielded low interest rates nonetheless : - ) before the euro , they could inflate and devalue their currency and therefore lower their debt . 
  investors have to account for this loss of value by demanding higher interest rates . 
  - ) the greeks cooked their books in order to get and stay in the eurozone ( maastricht criteria ) . 
  maybe the investors believed them at least to some extend ? 
  - ) there may have been some implicit understanding , that the eurozone-countries will back each other , even though it was explicitly stated , that this wo n't happen . 
   could someone with some understanding explain why a country ca n't default and stay in the euro ? 
  i also already wondered about that . 
  honestly , i 'm more uncomfortable with too much french or british influence . 
  let 's split them all !, 
  i have read about the qualified majority [ here ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/eurokrise/715614/eupakt_grosse-worte-teufel-im-detail?direct=715610&amp;_vl_backlink=/home/wirtschaft/eurokrise/715610/index.do&amp;selchannel= ) ( austrian newspaper ) . 
  this clause precludes , as far as i understand , that single countries ca n't just avoid consequences by using influence and vetoes ( like germany and france did in the past ) . 
  when the majority of states wants to break the rule , at least they can do it within the framework instead of dismissing just another treaty . 
  this clause would also give a possibility to react to devastating catastrophes and similar things without ignoring the treaty . 
  does anybody know where one can access the document ? 
  all are talking about the treaty , but i doubt that many have read it . 
  anyway , as far as i understood from reading the media arcticles , the 17 ( not the 26 ) countries are obliged to implement a debt brake in a constitution-like manner . 
  the new part ( compared to the maastricht treaty ) is , that if a country breaks the treaty , an automatism kicks in ( instead of negotiating the consequences ) . 
  beside sanctions ( a fee ) , the european institutions would get an ( undefined ? ), 
  amount of control over the finances of the respective country . 
  these are 2 different things , true , and your example is quite interesting , but usually , there is a correlation between the way a country behaves and its stock exchange . 
  the heavy weights of the atx , for example are banking stocks ( erste group , raiffeisen ) , and it also contains stocks of insurances and estate agents ( [ link ] ( http://www.wienerborse.at/quote/?id_notation=92866&amp;type=i ) ) . 
  especially all these stocks would suffer heavy losses , if the investors would stop trusting the financial power of the austrian state . 
  but since you are referring to government bonds : [ germanys bonds ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-bond-yield ) are at an all-time low . 
  [ austria ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/austria/government-bond-yield ) never got its money as cheap as in 2010 and 2011 . 
  and also the [ french bonds ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-bond-yield ) does n't seem to be above average . 
  none of the rating agencies is truly independent , so why would it be so unlikely that they have to follow someone 's agenda ? 
  they threatened to downgrade all euro-aaa-countries at once . 
  at the same time they mention , that the ecb still is n't lender of last resort . 
  they knew that this will massively increase the pressure to change the ecb that way . 
  to cite [ forbes ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/steveschaefer/2011/12/05/sp-threatens-german-aaa-rating-france-could-lose-two-notches/ ) :  s&p will also consider ... the european central bank 's policy settings , which to date have not included any signals of a willingness to act as a lender of last resort . 
  why am i under the impression , that s&p wants to influence europe 's policy maker instead of just rating the actual situation ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the stock exchanges of austria , germany and france ( i have n't looked up the other ones ) were climbing for some time , indicating that the market trusts the aaa-countries . 
  the announcement of s&p just does n't reflect the perception of the market . 
  common values , based on christianity and the enlightment . 
  also : common enemies ( russia during the cold war , now china and `` the market '' ) . 
  another unifying factor is the high level of education - nowadays , most people are able to talk english with each other . 
  as a german native speaker , who had to learn both english and french , i have to say that english is a lot easier to learn than french . 
  the most widely spoken language in europe is german , btw . 
  i think the unconditional issuance of eurobonds ( or similar ideas ) would only hide the problem for some time . 
  the periphery has to improve its competitiveness in order to flourish in the long term . 
  clinching to status quo is the worst thing . 
  beside the economic weaknesses of status quo ( monetary union without fiscal union ) , there is also a considerable democracy deficit within the eu . 
  if the countries ( and the eu-commission ) are n't ready to surrender power to the european parliament , it would be the best thing to return to a mere free trade area . 
  imho , the best outcome would be a changing of the treaties which strengthens the european parliament ( or a euroland-version of the european parliament ) , supplies the eu and the ecb with a lot of fiscal tools to react quickly and resolute to developments and leads to further integration within the eurozone ( including , for example , the standardization of worker rights and the vat ) . 
  firstly , you must realize , that there is n't one single european mindset . 
  what people think about the eu depends strongly on the media of the respective country , their social status and their level of education . 
  in many `` northern '' euro-countries ( like austria ) the crisis is n't really noticeable in everydays life ( yet ) . 
  many citizen of these countries feel like the eu want to make them pay for other people 's mistakes . 
  so the support for the german point of view is strong there . 
  a rise of euro-sceptic parties ( supporting , for example , a split-up of the euro ) is likely to happen there . 
  especially the periphery thinks that the issuance of eurobonds is the only solution . 
  obviously , big parts of the populace is opposed to austerity measures . 
  they does n't seem to think that they are responsible for the debt made by their governments . 
  non-euro-countries , like the uk and poland , fear both a collapse of the eurozone and a too tight integration of the euro-countries as it would mean that they would lose influence . 
  i do n't know what will happen , but there are some scenarios : - ) germany give up its resistance . 
  eurobonds are issued , the ecb buys government debt , the market are flooded with money . 
  the inflation rises , euroland becomes a transfer union .
