  the reforms get to a standstill because the pressure to tackle them diminish . 
  - ) the periphery gets hit by more austerity . 
  their economies will shrink for some years at least . 
  depending on the loss of tax money caused by the recession , their debt will rise or fall . 
  eventually , their competitiveness will improve , but only if they are n't driven into default by market forces before the austerity measures deploy their positive long-term impact . 
  deflation is also likely to happen . 
  - ) worst-case : the countries ca n't agree on a resolute way to solve the crisis and keep muddling through it . 
  the crisis would worsen and the eurozone would get shattered . 
  dire economic consequences would lead to the destruction of approximately half of our wealth . 
  - ) the most likely thing to happen is a combination of the first two scenarios . 
  for example , eurobonds will get issued , but the countries will have to surrender their fiscal sovereignty to the eu if they are n't able to keep their books in good order by themselves . 
  there will be some kind of economic government , leading to even more integration and in the long run to the creation of an european superstate . 
  why does this guy mix up subsidies with rural development ? 
  without background knowledge one could think all 43 % are subsidies . 
  according to http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/2011/2011_en.cfm , 41,3 % are for `` preservation and management of natural resources '' , but only 30,2 % are `` direct aids & market related expenditure '' . 
  every serious solution would require changing the treaties and this has always been a painfully slow process . 
  germany already pushed for a change , but all 27 ( or at least the 17 euroland-countries ) must agree to the change . 
  a blog is citing the telegraph , which cites an unnamed government official - very trustworthy . 
  the main reason for the seemingly huge rise of the british contribution is the weakness of the pound , not the increase of the eu budget ( click on `` 10y '' to see what i mean ) : http://www.ecb.int/stats/exchange/eurofxref/html/eurofxref-graph-gbp.en.html, 
  that 's one of the reasons why i am opposed to eurobonds and the efsf - there are nearly no democratic controls in place . 
  the problem of the eu are the strong positions of the eu commission and of the national governments . 
  if we want to have a strong supranational structure , we need a strong european parliament . 
  it would put an end to the slow , inconsequent way decisions are made at the moment . 
  the crisis shows that parliaments ( both the national and the european ) can be bypassed and treaties can be broken without any consequences . 
   `` give us the power to make it more democratic '' what exactly do you mean with this sentence ? 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  treaties are only changed if all member countries consent ( that 's also the reason why the eu behaves so undemocratic ) . 
  the eu has a huge democracy deficit right now , but since surrendering sovereignty to the eu would require changing the treaties , this deficit could be addressed at the same time . 
   anti-democratic federalists [ in another thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/moajn/downvoting_different_opinions/c32i92q ) you complained about being constantly downvoted by `` europhile fantasists '' . 
  now you insult koleye for no other reason than having a different opinion . 
  i , for one , do n't consider insults as useful contributions to the discussion . 
  just because someone believes in tighten european integration does n't mean he is anti-democratic . 
   an economy largely based around financial services which by nature requires integration switzerland is the proof that this does n't have to be the case . 
  greece already got lower interest rates from its european partners because it have n't met the objectives and convinced the other countries that it would n't be able to survive this rate . 
  ireland , on the other hand , performed well and had to pay an higher interest rate . 
  what could ensure that in the future the `` good pupil '' gets the reward ( lower interest rates ) instead of the bad ? 
   representative democracy is dead in europe ? 
  this is quite a generalization . 
  just because it applies to the three countries you mentioned does n't mean it applies to all . 
  1 ) who is `` the market '' ? 
  in this case all people and companies which have some spare money which they want to invest . 
  this includes pension funds as well . 
  `` the market '' can never be guilty as a whole and we do n't want to punish innocent middle class worker , do we ? 
  2 ) once a country dispossess private owner of government debt ( in other words : it defaults ) nobody will trust it any more for quite some time and therefore nearly no one will lend money to this country any more ( at least not for reasonable interest rates ) . 
  there are about 200 countries in the world . 
  a lot of them are unreliable debtors , but there are also many reliable and a few which can be considered as absolutely safe havens . 
  now some countries in europe are n't deemed reliable any more , and therefore the bond issues of other countries face a stronger demand . 
  i agree with the article in that . 
  but to say , that especially germany profited from this situation and furthermore to such a high extend seems unlikely to me . 
  i am under the impression , that this article is intentionally misleading . 
  whoever believes that the eurozone is going to crash will invest in other bonds than that of euroland countries , e.g. 
  in japanese - , swiss - or us-bonds . 
  i may be wrong , but i do n't think that the debt is owned by other countries , but by private investors living in these countries . 
  so the only way to do this would require to dispossess them and this is just not acceptable . 
  just another fearmongering article of the telegraph . 
   i agree . 
  but is it any better to say this was the result of market forces ? 
  democracy is at risk when the people have no options from which they can choose . 
  one could say this is the case in italy and greece right now . 
  the current situation is imho the result of decade-long mismanagement . 
  the actions of the market are just a reaction , not the cause of the problem . 
  1 ) the national parliaments still hold the power to kick these leaders out of office . 
  to say , that the technocratic governments have no permission is exaggerated . 
  2 ) these governments are n't installed to be puppets of the eu , but due to immense pressure from the markets and the inability of the former leaders to deal with it . 
  to say it is a response of the eu misses the point . 
  these cables does n't shows what the german government really thought , just what they told the us . 
  why should they surrender every plan and every information to foreign governments ? 
   britain buys masses of stuff from europe . 
   it also sells masses of stuff to europe , that europe only buys from britain because europe ca n't get a better deal some place else . 
  so you argue , that britain buys from `` europe '' ( more correct would be : rest of the eu ; you are part of europe yourself ) out of generosity , but `` europe '' buys from britain because it ca n't get better goods elsewhere ? 
  this view seems to be quite biased . 
   this annoys europe intensely but it 's true . 
  again , who is annoyed ? 
  you surley do n't speak of the continent and the eu consists of a lot of people . 
  i for one am not annoyed by the fact that the european countries need each other to some extend . 
  whoever wrote this article does n't have any knowledge about austrian politics . 
  mr. faymann is the leader of austrias strongest party , the social democrats , and thus no conservative . 
  there are basically two possibilities : 1 ) all germans are unfriendly or 2 ) you have a problem with germans . 
  what 's more likely ? 
  i agree with you - the eu has a considerable democracy deficit . 
  the national governments do n't want to shift power to the european parliament . 
  because of that , many eu treaties are negotiated in an intransparant way , by people you never voted ( one votes for the national parliament and the european parliament , not for the national government and especially not for the foreign governments ) . 
  slightly offtopic , but worth noting is the european commission . 
  this body has executive , legislative and judicairy power , so the seperation of power is not assured.furthermore , these people have even less democratic legitimacy than the governments . 
  there is no defined way in which the member states have to choose `` their '' commissioner and the european parliament has only the possibility to reject a candidate , not to propose one . 
  in the long run , the eu has to strenghten the european parliament , so it can speak with one voice ( pushing european interests ) instead of having 27 different powers struggling for influence or it has to return to mere international ( instead of supranational ) treaties . 
  to the situation in greece : i would have loved to see this referendum happen - people would have to make up their mind and decide what they really want . 
  but even so , i do n't see the loss of legitimacy , especially now that the opposition joins the government . 
  a lot of people riot nearly all the time , but that does n't mean that the majority supports them . 
  i also fail to see the purpose of the riots - do they want the drachme back , do they want europe 's money without fiscal responsibility or what ? 
  thanks, 
   neither the americans , chinese or middle east wealth funds are going to buy into the efsf is this your personal opinion or can you back this claim up ? 
  good article , but it failed to mention one counter-argument : the moment greece defaults , interest rates for all other troubled countries will skyrock because then it 's obvious that the eu wo n't pay necessarily . 
  we will have an immensly powerful , central authority which ca n't be held accountable and has no democratic backing and you do n't mind ? 
  lower austria , but i can be in vienna in about 30 minutes . 
  what you said about vienna is correct , but you could also live in one of the countless villages of austria . 
  in the rural regions the population is far more homogenous . 
  this also means that many will have resentiments against foreigners , but the experience shows , that if you intrigate yourself in the community ( most important : speak german ; also extremly helpful : join the voluntary fire brigade ) , these resentiments will diminish quickly . 
  true enough , but i think everything can and should be said in a polite and respectful manner . 
  one obvious disadvantage is that the euro would n't be as important as he could be .
