  listing austrian high quality newspapers would be more challenging . 
  luxemburg , liechenstein and iceland are also pretty small and they all have low numbers . 
  spain , on the other hand is a big country and has a high rate . 
  so i do n't see a strong correlation between the size of the country and its ratio of policemen . 
  it 's easy enough : we send our failed artists to germany to do some real world installations there ( a guy named adolf became quite famous that way ) and we invite promising german artists to flourish in austria . 
  you may want to visit the [ silvretta hochalpenstra\u00dfe ] ( http://www.silvretta-bielerhoehe.at/inhalt/en/s/2132.htm ) . 
  you have to pay a toll to pass it , but it 's a very scenic street . 
  good point . 
  i did n't research the statistics and i do n't know who is included and which time frame he chose . 
  9/11 may be included . 
  but even so , it 's still a quite irrelevant threat . 
   the terrorist threat in the eu remains strong ... 
  i do n't agree with that assessment . 
  terrorism is among the least things europeans , or more generally speaking the western world has to worry about . 
  let me cite the most recent [ blogpost of bruce schneier ] ( http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/05/are_we_finally.html ) :  at present rates , an american 's chance of being killed by a terrorist is about one in 3.5 million per year -- compared , for example , to a yearly chance of dying in an automobile crash of one in 8,200 . 
  this index seems flawed to me . 
  austria has one of the lowest rates of unemployment in the world and lots of vacation and holiday time , but we are in the bottom half when it comes to work-life-balance ? 
  as far as i understand , we are speaking of 50 quite anarchistic rioters which are surrounded by hundreds of policemen . 
  i think in austria they would all be in jail after about the tenth fire if they are really not more than 50 . 
  50 participants managed to get 70 fires burning in one single night ? 
  they seem to be quite busy . 
  austria is supposed to be the least corrupt country ? 
  the eu is in a worse shape than i thought . 
  none . 
  i did n't downvote omnigibson , but i could see why he got downvoted : he ignored ops question and repeated the same old rumble about the euro and the eu . 
  his points are kinda valid , but just not relevant to this discussion . 
  @ 1 ) the peoples party ( \u00d6vp ) remains the strongest power , gaining 39,6 % ( -0,9 % ) . 
  second in place are the social democrats ( 13,9 % , -1,6 % ) . 
  the `` winner '' of the elections are vorw\u00e4rts tirol , a split-of of the \u00d6vp . 
  they gained 9,3 % . 
  @ 2 ) i do n't like the fp\u00d6 either and they are nationalists as well as socialists , but it 's an exagerration to call them nazis . 
  @ 4 ) you make it sound like it 's the farmers fault . 
  the real problem is that the national agency ( ama ) and the eu agency do n't use the same mode for calculating the farmed land . 
  now the ama tries to become eu-compatible . 
  chaos ensues . 
  to demand that the farmers have to pay back the money from years of subsidies now is against every sense of legal security . 
  also new : 2 popular petitions ( one against the church , the other for more direct democracy ) failed to gain enough support ( that is , 100.000 signatures ) . 
  what the article does n't mention : barbara kolm is a member of the far-right , xenophobic fp\u00d6 . 
  the real scandal is that anastasiades is allowed to sell eu citizenships . 
  that 's plain plutocracy . 
  first of all , i agree with most of what you just said . 
  i do n't want to stop being austrian , endure much corruption or send lots of money southwards . 
  the thing is , i really do n't like the status quo . 
  at the moment , as i already mentioned , governments i ca n't vote for are affecting my life far too much and the decisions in the eu are made without much transparency - heads of governments haggling in backrooms ( just remember the last eu budget ) . 
  the goverments get away with the breaking of rules because they are their own judge . 
  a strong european parliament would be able the counterbalance that . 
   what can you offer me ? 
  one thing the eu can offer is standardisation , making trade easier , cheaper products with uniform quality standards , etc. 
  this also inculdes the common currency , even though it has serious flaws . 
  similarly important is the barganing power in international treaties . 
  recent example : acta . 
  japan and the us wrote a draft and presented it to the european nations . 
  many nations , including austria and sweden signed the treaty immediately , against the will of the populace , because they saw no alternative . 
  a small country ca n't have another legal framework than the rest of the world without dire consequences . 
  the eu commission also signed it , btw . 
  in the end it was the european parliament which stopped it . 
   as a swede , what i can tell you is that my voice , no matter the structure , will be less heard in the eu . 
  true . 
  but following that logic , you should want that your village/city gets independent as well , because you have more influence on your communal policy makers than on the swedish parliament . 
  i really like communal politics , but they are no substitution for nationwide rules . 
  in a very similar way , eu-wide decisions , made by the european parliament , can be complementary to nationwide decisions . 
  so let me bring other examples : - ) why has n't the cap been reformed long ago ? 
  because single nations are able to block it . 
  - ) why are there countries which get rebates on the budget ? 
  because every single nation has to agree to it . 
  - ) why did germany get away with breaking the maastricht criteria , paving the way for other countries to do so ? 
  because it was able to bully the other nations to ignore the breach . 
  at the moment , the eu is a supranational structure , but its decision making process is still international ( haggling between individual nations ) . 
  the results are decisions , which are far from being the best for the eu as a whole , instead favouring single nations/bloks . 
  it 's also a problem of legitimacy . 
  i never voted for cameron , merkel or the cypriotic president , but their decisions have a big impact on austrians . 
  to solve this problem , we could either return to a free trade area ( that is efta , the eu has been a political project from the beginning ) , in which the current way of reaching conclusions suffice , or we have to give more power to the eu parliament , which actually can be influenced by the vote of every eu citizen . 
   but all the problems they are mentioning are ez problem . 
  true , but the article points out that the core of the problem is the lack of a strong and democratic central authority . 
  this has always been a problem of the eu , even before the euro was created . 
   but as the e.u. 
  has grown larger ... and more ambitious ... that loose and decentralized structure has begun audibly creaking . 
  the article discussed the eu in general , not just the eurozone . 
  why pin it down only on germanys policy maker ? 
  what about the french or british ? 
  in my opinion the germans are far more willing to work towards european goals than others . 
  true . 
  this article basically blames germany for being successful . 
  come to austria - and do n't forget to bring your money . 
  mr. juncker is the premier of luxemburg , thus not german . 
  x-post from / r/de . 
  i use firefox and can confirm that firefox does offer this feature . 
  i was about to rant why a newspaper from the other end of the world is used to report on austrian matters , but the article was surprisingly objective . 
  i 've just read the original interview . 
  he 's not `` attacking '' the british premier , but explaining the problem he has with cameron . 
  before speaking about cameron he talks about merkel and how they were able to build up trust by speaking clearly to each other . 
  then he complains about not being able to trust cameron in the same way , because what he says to the britsh public differs so much from what he said in the council . 
  as an austrian with access to a lot of german tv channels , i can attest you that your comedians and tv shows are not amusing . 
  the only one worth listening to is michael mittermayer . 
  i know . 
  `` the federal state consists of the independent countries '' . 
  so bundesl\u00e4nder are independent , like freistaaten . 
  it 's in our constitution , so it must be true , 
  bayern is a freistaat , so it 's not just a region , but something like an independent country ( if you do n't look too closely ) . 
  so i suggest we team up with them nonetheless .
