  you accuse me of contradicting arguments though i used the paper you brought up to strengthen my argument . 
  the last line i cited clearly backs my position up and you just ignored it . 
  also , you cited a claim that the ftt would effect the gdp growth by 1,76 % and now you argue that taxation have only minimum or no effects on the gdp . 
  that 's also a kind of contradiction , is n't it ? 
  your first citation ( i have n't found it in the document you linked ) implies that the government spends all of the money again and that they do so in an intelligent manner . 
  the second sentence you cited is followed by :  however , the estimates are dogged by the difficulty of defining the appropriate measure of the tax rate and the choice of appropriate regressors . 
  so the author of this paper admits that this is n't clear at all . 
  `` the choice of appropriate regressors '' is , as far as i understand , just another wording for governmental spending and again , they have to be appropriate . 
  for example , buying foreign weapon systems does n't help the local economy at all . 
  if the money is spent appropriate , there is ( accordingly to the paper ) no major connection to the gdp . 
  but then again , if the spending and the taxing balance out , why trouble oneself with deficit spending at all ? 
  as i said before , the money should be collected during the good times , so that you do n't need to introduce new taxes during times of recession . 
  let 's read on :  when growth is endogenous , taxation can influence the factors that determine the growth rate . 
  that means that yes , taxes influence the growth rate by influencing the growth factors . 
  no , i think you got that wrong . 
  if you introduce a tax , you drain money from the system . 
  stimulus spending should be financed during the good times . 
  in my understanding , stimulus spending refers both to actually spending more and reducing taxes . 
  if a company does n't have to pay much taxes during a recession , it 's more likely to survive the recession . 
  anyway , i still do n't see the connection between the ftt and keynes . 
  my claim still stands . 
  would you please name one that does n't have a negative impact on growth ? 
  i 'm no economist , so i will make it simple . 
  the idea is to pump money into the system during a recession to make it as short and mild as possible . 
  on the other hand the country has to manage a surplus in good times to level out the increased spending during the recession . 
  and now please tell me why you asked me to explain that . 
  i do n't see how this is connected to the ftt . 
  every tax has a negative impact on growth . 
  you always have to find a trade-off between the burden for the economy and the benefit for the society ( = money for the public budget ) . 
  if the gained money is used intelligently ( for example lowering the taxes and fees on wages ) , it may lead to more consumption and therefore a higher gdp-growth . 
  i just reread the article , but still do n't know where denmark and the czech republic got mixed up . 
  could you please point this out more precisly ? 
  we started buying up eastern europe once the iron curtain fell . 
  and instead of troops we sent our banks to them . 
  as thomas jefferson once said : `` i believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . '', 
  in former times we were able to acquire countries by marrying their rulers , but since everybody is republican nowadays we have to buy them . 
  so we are already working on that empire thing again . 
  well , it 's not my fault that the franzosen do n't know the name of their country ... 
  and in german . 
  the englishmen should just stop making up names for other countries . 
  if they would call our country \u00d6sterreich , nobody would take it for an abbreviation of australia . 
  \u00d6sterreich means `` empire in the east '' , while australia means `` southern '' . 
  how is it even possible to confuse directions that much ? 
  i just heard from our public broadcaster , that pasok only wants a coalition if syriza is part of it and that syriza is determined to stay in opposition . 
  how big are the chances that nd ( or any other party ) manages to form a coalition ? 
  iceland had a problem with its banks , greece has problems with corruption and efficiency . 
  you ca n't compare those two . 
  first of all , the surest way to get downvotes is to complain about downvotes . 
  stop it . 
  then , your comments imply two claims : 1 ) germany is powerful enough to decide alone what happens in the eurozone . 
  2 ) it was germany 's plan from the beginning to let the south suffer only to boost their own export statistic . 
  i , and probably most people , think these assumptions are outright wrong . 
  your first comment in this thread seemed plainly accusatory against germany , despite the fact that they ( and the other northern countries ) financed the south , especially greece . 
  you think , that germany has an interest that greece is in the eurozone . 
  i think , that they just fear the consequences of greece leaving the eurozone . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  i was curious , so i read the german wikipedia entry about ukip to get an idea what ukip wants . 
  well , their program sounds pretty extreme : * a massive increase in military spending * hostility against immigrants * abolishment of the human rights act * leaving the eu * limitation of foreign investments * a `` pure '' british culture * they are declining global warming * various clearly populist demands so i think walkereu is right - such people would be called nazis in germany or austria . 
  this is correct . 
  the czech republic prefers to maintain the injustice because it fears that it would have to pay massive reparations if it nullifies the bene\u0161-dekrete . 
  for me as an austrian , dutch is the funniest of all languages . 
  it 's like a very heavy german dialect which somehow got intermingled with english . 
  every time i hear a dutch speak , i have the feeling that i can * almost * understand him . 
  the austrian medicine universities are big enough to provide the medics needed in austria . 
  but that 's exactly the problem : if half of the students are german , which mostly move back to germany after finishing the study , austria has ( in the long run ) only half the medics it needs . 
  entrance examinations only improve the quality , not the quantity . 
   other matters like social , education and culture policies should be firmly left to national governments . 
  the fact that education is still a national issue is already a problem in austria and in belgium . 
  especially austrian medical universities are overrun by german students . 
  on the one hand austria ca n't just kick them out ( this would be discriminatory ) on the other hand austria ca n't finance universities big enough for all the applicants without a loss of quality . 
  germany declined to finance their students , btw . 
  if universities were financed on eu-level this problem would stop to exist . 
  according to this map , austria would be culturally nearly identical to great britain while it would be quite different to germany . 
  it 's true that we austrians always emphasize the differences between austria and germany but we still share the same language and history . 
  surprise !, 
  a politician from an opposing party writes a sensationalist article against the chancellor . 
  if the euro-crisis really hurts the us that much obama should invest into greece to end it . 
  if this is not the case he just should stop searching for scapegoats and admit that the misery in the us is mainly his own fault ( or more accurate : his partys fault ) . 
  would you mind to state more exactly what you mean ? 
  ireland , germany and austria are in the eurozone and are green-colored . 
  slovakia is dark green and is in the eurozone . 
  its neighbors , the czech republic and hungary are n't in the eurozone and are just yellow . 
  i guess you see something because you want to see it . 
  maybe we should reestablish austria-hungary to avoid such errors . 
  i would volunteer for the post of the emperor as long as i would n't have to visit serbia . 
  [ judge for yourself . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=conchita+wurst ), 
  the orf , our public broadcaster , made a casting . 
  there were reasonable candidates , but we chose to send the trackshitter ( that 's not an insult , they chose the name themself ) . 
  the second place went to a woman with a black full beard , btw . 
  i would argue , that the austrian performer did n't pass the semifinals because they used the austrian language , but their contribution was so bad that it would n't have made any difference at all if say sang in english . 
  at this point i want to apologize to all our european friends who saw our contribution . 
  we are always trying to choose the most embarrassing band we have and definitely succeeded this time . 
  it 's sad to see that there are so many people in / r/europe / who downvote just because they disagree . 
   the problem is they 've never had a real job - they 've never had to earn a living so they have n't got a clue about society . 
  so this article is about the austrian chancellor werner faymann ? 
  i like to read news from my village , my area , my federal state and from my country . 
  there is media for each of this units . 
  european-wide shared media would n't be a substitution but an addition . 
  look at iceland .
