  i think in that case the rest of the germans would accept them , but ask a german on this issue , not me, 
  wonderful summary . 
  what i think should happen is that simply we make a sort of cultural organization for each nation ( even the ones that dont currently have a nationstate like catalans ) , which isnt tied to land , just looks after all the people of that nation , wherever . 
  so that could substitute the need for nationstate , and even more than that . 
  looks great but it looks difficult to achieve . 
  its hard to decide whether the eu should expand after or before federalizing, 
  yeah , i actually made a concrete design on how that would look , because i 'm a huge maps/geography nerd with way too much time on his hands . 
  i will post it somewhere sometime ( probably / r/imaginarymaps ) - or i can send it to you if you want , whatever . 
  ideally , no . 
  nation states just bring trouble , with their whole `` identity and state are the same '' mentality . 
  we should probably adopt [ national personal autonomy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_personal_autonomy ) , and divide up everything according to historical provinces and giving a lot of autonomy to municipalities themselves . 
  that 's similar in hungary . 
  the more rare traditional hungarian names were hijacked by jobbik, 
   hungarian view a hungarian-american speaks hungarian -  hungarian ; does n't -  is n't . 
  quite easy . 
  if they can still get around in hungarian but do n't speak it well , i think that would still be considered hungarian if they want to be considered hungarian . 
  this is what i expected , yeah . 
  fucking retarded , hungary should probably have directly left the monarchy the day after the declaration . 
  our leader was unfortunately too much of a pussy to do it , so we only did in 4 years later . 
  cost us our national pride , still not recovered and probably never will . 
  amazing times . 
   honest question : how would you define an ethnic german ? 
  considers themselves german and is part of a community that also considers themselves germans and accept that person as part of it . 
  this definition includes all ethnic germans but also excludes the american `` german heritage '' wannabes, 
  simply , what western europeans call is n't multiculturalism at all . 
  they want to have people come there and assimilate , ie . 
  adopt their culture . 
  that is just as monocultural as ever , they just adopted the american attitude that more skin colors = more different cultures , which is absolutely cancerous . 
  you can do actual multiculturalism , like it is the case for example in slovakia and the hungarian community there . 
  but what they are proposing is not multicultural whatsoever, 
   racism being upvoted welcome to reddit, 
  oh , sorry , did n't see the part where you said she was bulgarian . 
  thought she was tatar or something, 
   flat places  hungary fucking what ? 
   her language and russian what was `` her language '' ? 
   spanish and your regional language should n't it be the regional language first , or do they actually teach the regional languages as foreign language ? 
  hungary has the best acoustics for echo , because literally anywhere you shout `` alkohol !, 
  '' , you can always hear `` hol ? 
  ( where ? ), 
  from every direction, 
  i do n't quite understand what this whole constituency thing is about . 
  he 's from fej\u00e9r county if that 's what you mean . 
  i was expecting fabio rovazzi, 
  is she singing in tatar as well ? 
  it was mainly produced here, 
  amazing, 
  yeah i saw this one before . 
  it 's pretty nice, 
  balaton , croatias coast or bulgaria 's . 
  maybe italy , veneto or friuli coast, 
   cheap sex , whaaaaaat . 
  i did n't see that when i was there , wtf . 
  * coach * , from hungarian kocsi ( car ) . 
  * hussar * and obviously * paprika *, 
  i have a hard time imagining what size that would be, 
  neighbor emigrated there . 
  they said it was a nice place , their kids are trilingual . 
  good stuff, 
  you 're just bringing back primitive taboos . 
  the decency is in the meaning , not the wording . 
  if you mean to say something offensively , you can do it with pc words as well , if you do n't mean to say anything offensive , you can still do it using non-pc words . 
   pc = normal human decency . 
  not always the case though . 
  you can be a decent human and not use pc words whatsoever . 
  your fault for not having the election on sundays . 
  or making election day a holiday . 
  although i would love to be an undecided voter in that scenario . 
  perfect opportunity to make huge scene about having to vote and probably to destroy my voting ballot . 
  or i would just show `` register that i was here '' and leave . 
  fuck the state telling me what to do, 
   a big contributor to the persistent islam-hate quite the contrary , actually . 
  in my experience people romanticize the shit out of the turkish times . 
   we mostly focus on the disasters well there have n't been many positive things at all . 
  recently , i can think of 1989 , 1919 ( aster revolution ) , the april laws of 1848 , and basically that . 
  perhaps the kiegyez\u00e9s as well, 
  at least they effectively got rid of actual religion . 
  he 's a known troll , dont feed it, 
  wait , does that mean that denmark does n't have a flag on its own ? 
   which i consider a good thing why tho, 
   i can just read your communist bias from this phrase ...  it sure is not . 
   who the heck cares what a deluded philosopher thought ? 
   i.e. 
  communism . 
   this is a deluded train of thought . 
  present counterarguments , youre making yourself look like a troll  `` same power '' - you mean dictatorship . 
  the entire point is that capitalist companies are dictatorial , socialism aims to replace workplace dictatorship with democracy, 
  they took the / r/the _ donald method of memeing things into existence , and now are trying to it with the federal europe concept , with martin schultz as the leader, 
  the quickest , easiest explanation i can think of : in capitalism , everything a worker goes directly a capitalist , who owns the worker 's labor ( in other words , he owns the means of production which entitles him to the value of any labor using his equipment ) . 
  the worker is , in exchange , given some arbitrary amount of wage , the amount of which is decided by the capitalist . 
  ( obviously he gives back less in order to make a profit ) according to marx , this system is not good , because the capitalist gets money just for being in possession of the means of production . 
  in a ( marxist ) socialist system this wouldnt ( shouldnt ) be possible , because only the workers would own the means of production , and they distribute the profits among themselves only . 
  obviously when this was done through forced collectivization to the state , ( thinking that the state would represent workers ) , this gave the state the same power the old system that capitalists had , and of course the state did n't hesitate to use it . 
  which is my point : the communist system back in the day , was effectively the same as capitalism , except that the state was the only company , with a monopoly on everything . 
  they had no business in giving the means of production to the people , they would never have done that . 
   go new silk road yay , lets waste shittons of resources to get a road through afghanistan instead of using ships like reasonable people, 
  it was meant to be , but you ruined it, 
  yeah i happen to live in pannonia . 
  there 's some cultural stuff and ruins no one cares about , and there are a few names referencing the pannons , but not that much to say about it . 
  as long as it 's federalist i support it, 
  no one cares tbh .
