  just realized your username is just an insult towards romanians . 
  should n't you be supporting jobbik and be against orb\u00e1n ? 
  or did orb\u00e1n recently say something to get the ultras on his side ? 
  do you see orb\u00e1n as a reincarnation of sz\u00e1lasi ? 
  oh no its the orbanbots . 
  tell me again why am i a liberal ? 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  i meant the huge fucking movement and official statements coming from germany and sweden about taking all the refugees then pussying the fuck out of it . 
  * that * was not an eu project, 
  aww , shit , nevermind i saw it wrong , thought it was a normal cockade . 
  guess it 's a bit late night huh, 
  no no in hungary that cockade is the 1848-49 revolution . 
  the 1956 is the flag with the middle part cut out, 
  agreed, 
  taking the refugees was n't an eu project . 
  if it was an eu project then it would make sense to distribute them equally . 
  nah , ca n't agree with any of your points . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what you call `` business companies '' will still become the same , the second they get close to the political elites . 
   accepted the fact that only few companies are winning in state tenders exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  companies having more influence is not gon na achieve anything . 
  it 's just gon na be a different group of companies winning all the tenders . 
  nah , brussels is fine . 
  looking from my hometown brussels is n't bigger of a tyrant than budapest is, 
  the only two things he was ever right about the border fence and back in '89 about that the communist system was shit, 
  eh , i do n't think business leaders should really be allowed into politics . 
  that never ends well . 
  it should be a party that puts forward the anti-corruption , but you know once they get to parliament that enthusiasm * somehow * fades . 
  a corporation i think would in the end be the same , they would also be 100 % ok with corruption as long as it benefits them . 
  people have different opinions . 
   really annoying state of affairs ... yup . 
  we should do something, 
  hungarys orb\u00e1n is a fucking cancer . 
  yes , given that / r/socialism is basically just a bunch of stalin apologists, 
  um , thanks i guess ? 
  how the hell do you become a tax haven outside the eu when you 're inside the eu ? 
  aka . 
  the national day for protesting . 
  if i lived in budapest i 'd be throwing objects at politicians right now, 
  eu funds, 
   gibraltar going to spain i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  spain is already full of separatists , i think an independent gibraltar staying in the eu is a better option, 
  yup , thanks trianon, 
  no one lives there though afaik, 
   ohio and hungary not surprising considering that ohio is home to the largest hungarian diaspora there, 
  yeah , thank god for that ... 
  it 's not very good ( i mean it could be if it wasnt post-communist cafeteria-tier quality everytime ), 
  oh , you mean like [ this ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/_d5u5vbam8mi/re7plo186vi/aaaaaaaaacs/6sjg7-mf7gi/s400/leveshusmeggymartas.jpg ) ? 
  this is not incredibly common . 
  typical school cafeteria food, 
  i ca n't think of a food that 's hungarian and has sweet meat in it . 
  in fact the only thing i ever ate that fits the description is a sichuan chicken , which is chinese food ... 
  never said it did, 
  he also let hungarians go to the west legally, 
  gorbachev did a lot of good for hungary too , indirectly by allowing it to be you know , be not shit to live in, 
   the government turns the official commemoration into a propaganda event it 's not surprising really . 
  this is the event that each year reminds people that if the government fucks with you then you should go and shoot at it . 
  the government has all the reasons to be scared on this day and i can only hope that it is, 
  he was just as communist , he was less authoritarian is the difference, 
  fyi the revolution was led by a `` commie scum '', 
  til, 
   romania least obese the jokes just write themselves, 
  as fine a toast as i have ever bred, 
  you know a news site is shit when it cant even bother to spell out things properly , especially peoples ' names, 
  it exists, 
  #octuple 4k porn streams !, 
  til friuli has the same gdp/capita as a citystate with oil . 
  holy fucking shit i wan na live there now, 
   we all know modern governments use religion as a mere vehicle of social cohesion . 
  that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  what 's even more widespread is to use the `` muh nation '' card , or the `` muh traditional family model '' one , and many other ones, 
  you have literally zero idea what youre talking about . 
  you realize the government pays compensation for that right ? 
  they dont just take the house however they want , they pay you the price for it . 
  yeah it was a gulag, 
  few days ago the dalai lama met the hungarian football team , china said the same things and no one cared enough to post here . 
  no it 's not , you just need to make sure that the government gives you a different home then, 
  sighet is to romania what recsk is to hungary right ? 
  may 2017, 
  nice whataboutism, 
   either fall in line or leave . 
  strangely enough this is putin 's general idea too, 
  that is fine . 
  communism being invented by the ussr is not . 
  the ussr was hardly even close to communism even, 
  communism created in the ussr ? 
   serbians are at least europeans not anymore than albanians thats for sure though, 
  it wa leveled , but with the one child policy not the education of women . 
  you are literally the best example yourself . 
  on the euro is when you smoke it, 
  the wonders of serbian nationalism . 
  yes , this is my opinion too . 
  the guy i was responding to said that the only reason for the demographic disaster is women 's rights , and totally * not * poverty, 
  how would you explain chinas population continuing to boom after the communist revolution , wherein women were educated and emancipated and still having many kids ? 
  how would you explain why the arabian peninsula is n't facing the same demographic boom, 
  i do n't understand your reasoning ? 
  why would n't the father care if he gets more children or not ? 
  it 's still his children who he will have to sustain himself , given that the woman wo n't work, 
  why is n't russia in nato ? 
  the `` in the eu '' part is for malta not for italy,
