  so , not really young , just not extra old, 
  montenegro is apparently the nato leader , going by the title of this post . 
   you just do n't push around the representative of another country . 
  lol , why not . 
   there 's enough disparity to justify keeping the data . 
  why ? 
  i literally suggested that we should keep more detailed data in this regard . 
  i do n't see your problem . 
  hey , cool . 
  i think more people use that flair as a meme than actual somalians tho, 
  what fucking language do you have to type in constantly ? 
  you said you curse cyril and metodius , which means it has to be written in the glagolitic alphabet . 
  are you an old church slavonic interpreter or what ? 
  gon na have to go with the meme one . 
  sorry dude, 
  are you actually somalian or do you just use the flair as a meme ? 
  most of your points relate to education level and not skin color . 
  and no , it 's not nearly as clear cut as you think it is . 
  by the same logic you could also filter poor people from the rich , since poor people are more likely to commit violent crimes and such . 
  and they are usually less educated too . 
   i mean , what is your example here of a multiracial country with a perfectly common culture across racial groups ? 
  gypsies for example have pretty uniform culture regardless of skin color . 
  but brits in london seemed pretty damn uniform to me too . 
   race is a huge indicator of ethnicity i did n't say it was n't . 
  i said it 's completely irrelevant , since it tells fuck all about anyone . 
  this entire philosophy wherein race is such a huge deal for no reason , the only purpose it serves is that it 's now fuel for both the racists and the regressives . 
  two * wonderful * ideologies to say the least, 
   yes , so the whole `` everyone was multicultural since the beginning of time '' is utter nonsense . 
  no it 's not . 
  tribes live next to each other and intermix . 
  or even live at the same place at the same time . 
   which is why you have different races nope . 
  races developed via natural selection . 
   people from half way around the world moving into your country en masse no , because transportation was n't at that level . 
  otherwise , towns developed because of this , because mostly people of many different ethnicities moved into the same place . 
  back then , the radius from which one could migrate to a town was much lower , but that 's pretty much the sole difference . 
  the reason that western european cities did n't get this is because the places were ethnically cleansed already . 
  there were no celts to move into london by the time the city started growing , nor picts in scotland , nor gauls or franks in france , no arabs in spain etc etc. 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that ethnicity should be enumerated the way it is : self-reported only . 
  `` white '' is not an ethnicity , you should make that default to `` not reported '' . 
  and other than that , people should be able to write anything in the box . 
  somali is an ethnicity , british is an ethnicity , polish is one , punjabi is one , etc. 
  this actually gives useful info about citizens , skin color does n't . 
  that 's my answer . 
  tribes are the way * everything * works , you will find the equivalent of tribes in most animals . 
  humans are animals , there you go . 
  that 's how ethnicities work . 
  it 's what group you 're part of . 
  ethnicity is just a fancy word for tribe, 
  not really , it goes along cultural lines, 
  but it sounds wise so it 's upvoted to heavens . 
  why is skin color even a category ? 
  thats not how ethnicity works, 
  they really do n't , most societies were multicultural since the dawn of time , it 's just this insane regressivism that does this, 
  this is disgusting, 
  and how exactly do they enforce this ? 
  the employer can just pretend that the women are employed in a different position and pay them less that way, 
  in russian that 's not `` h '' , that 's a german-esque `` ch '' sound, 
  turkish barely has any diacritics , what are you talking about, 
  and phoenician derives from ancient egyptian . 
  i think it 's fair to say that we all write with the ancient egyptian alphabet , we just have really really shitty fonts, 
  impossible to know, 
  turns out there 's a more classical alternative to the eggplant emoji . 
  what a low effort troll . 
  try harder next time, 
  with that name , i thought he was gon na try to introduce the rubel or something, 
  wow , so original . 
  i 'm sure no one ever thought of anything like that before, 
  . . then they could make some epic trobador songs, 
  how would speaking languages not be a skill, 
  it 's called slavic . 
  slavonic is a dead literary language, 
  still , though . 
  calling a polyglot a linguist is like calling a book of formulas a mathematician, 
   germany has bad cuisine are you serious ? 
  wurst , anyone ? 
  and add to that , it 's still pretty easy to understand latin when you speak a neolatin language, 
  and law , i guess, 
  yeah , the way i meant it was that the actual person would be forgotten , just his name remains in a word for evil, 
   the hitler of our century ? 
   maybe a bit much . 
  now who cares , i actually welcome this usage of hitler 's name . 
  hitler wanted to be remembered for millenia , it would be pretty ironic if the way he is remembered is that his name is a funny synonym of `` evil '', 
  this conversation is about as futile as arguing what the nationality stalin was with a russian nationalist . 
  you see through a lens of nationalist revised history . 
  let me guess , you also honestly believe , without a hint of doubt , that on the flip side of the coin , that alsatians were n't germans , even when they were born in germany . 
  the first thing i thought seeing this post was `` oh boy guess how many * hilarious * romanians are gon na be here '' i was n't wrong, 
   cuba is n't an atheist state , for example . 
  it was until 1992 though . 
  you 're the one talking out of your ass , making claims about millions of people . 
  anyway , it takes a moment to go to wikipedia and find :  he was a fervent corsican nationalist , and wrote to corsican leader pasquale paoli in may 1789 , `` as the nation was perishing i was born . 
  thirty thousand frenchmen were vomited on to our shores , drowning the throne of liberty in waves of blood . 
  such was the odious sight which was the first to strike me '' . 
  [ 29 ] and  his first language was corsican , and he always spoke french with a marked corsican accent and never learned to spell french properly . 
  [ 22 ] he was teased by other students for his accent and applied himself to reading . 
  yes you can lol . 
  ever seen a communist ? 
  you know they made ** the state ** atheist ? 
  they bullied every religion using the secret police .
