  there is n't much politics behind a singular attack anymore . 
  it 's because there 's a bracket to what average population the nuts 2 units have to be . 
  and countries either choose an appropriate subdivision or they make one just for this purpose ( like hungary . 
  those regions are nonexistent , really , we just made an official arrangement as to which groups of counties are supposed to be counted as nuts-2 units ), 
  okay, 
  no one cares, 
  yeah . 
  they are n't counting the balaton as a legitimate sea . 
  yes he did . 
  the user above him said that she was n't targeted , which she was n't according to the article in the op . 
  then he replied with an article about a completely different attack , the only connection being the perpetrator group . 
  note that the user he replied to said nothing about either side being anything , he just corrected him on that fact . 
  he just with a kneejerk reaction linked an article about a pkk attack, 
   i do n't care if you 're a transkurd or something . 
  error 404 : humor not found  you are american if you speak english , have an american id and live there . 
  that is already flawed , since many people do n't speak english in america , 19 million people . 
  it 's not even a requirement to get citizenship to speak english and besides , what is saying that this does n't work for other nationalities ? 
  as the kurdish guy already said . 
  `` you are kurdish if you live in kurdistan '' ... it 's even better because it ca n't have any requirement based on official papers or geography . 
  why are n't you kurdish because you live in greater kurdistan ? 
  why are n't you greek because you live in megali greece ? 
  it would work just as well . 
  also , why are you purposely excluding turks from being turks ? 
  those born in bulgaria , what did they do to you not deserve being considered turkish by you ? 
  i 'm all for laughing at the uk , it 's fun and all , but it 's becoming more boring every day, 
   uk election not just that . 
  those terror attacks too . 
  seriously , it 's like posting about car crashes, 
  it 's not about your country . 
  it 's about individuals . 
  you know , individuals that are n't or are turkish . 
  which they would be even if turkey did n't exist for example, 
  i read it through , it 's your everyday ultra-nationalist agenda . 
  it 's a typical `` post-truth '' thought . 
  you can think all you want that that is what being turkish means , but it does n't make it true, 
  i like how you called the kurdish guy out for whataboutism like two comments ago , then posted this, 
   a balkan thread ? 
  in my / r/europe ? 
  it 's quite refreshing actually , after the one millionth irrelevant shitpost about the uk , finally something that i can actually care about and relate to, 
  you are the one not making any sense here . 
  you are basically saying that because some turks have a non-turkish heritage , every non-turkish nationality should start considering themselves turkish for no reason other than to make turkish people feel better . 
  the only thing the ruling classes cared about was how to enslave others ?? 
  well shit me fucking sideways , i never heard that before ... if only i had paid attention in history class , when they talked about literally any political system ever . 
  yeah i thought it was the same as conga line dancing . 
  though it 's probably still disallowed since it 's imitating a kuffar, 
  i thought line dancing meant dancing in a conga line, 
  line dancing is probably a sin in sharia as well , since men and women would touch each other , even if they 're not related or married . 
  this is me when i was 6 and did n't speak english, 
   no one wants to immigrate there anyway , except dutch pensioners, 
   2 bucks a person well what about the quality though ? 
  would your average rental wife be willing to do chores and stuff ? 
   like , until 1714 there were fucking customs between kingdoms . 
  i do n't see how that is surprising ? 
  that is largely the case with independent kingdoms , which they were , they just shared a ruler, 
  it really does . 
  and cars are n't ? 
  cars are also really wasteful , especially if there 's one person per car , which seems to be the norm, 
  there should be tgv or equivalent service all around europe . 
  we should be more reliant on trains than cars imho, 
  literally what . 
  the intercity from kaposv\u00e1r to budapest has it . 
  how does the fucking tgv not have it, 
   explain to the spouse and children that they will have less money and flexibility in life [ they would have less money , yeah , but they would also have to spend way less , which kinda cancels out ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/us/fr ), 
  that 's just a kolb\u00e1sz, 
  obviously . 
  i do n't know how that was related to my comment , though, 
  i hate how it 's the radius of the circles that 's supposed to be proportional and not the area . 
  that makes it wildly unintuitive, 
  nice flair, 
   the propoganda you were fed throughout your youth until the west freed your shithole country . 
  wait , when ? 
  my youth ? 
  as in , now ? 
  also , when do you mean the west freed my country ? 
  western people were never even near here , not since 1918 , thank fuck . 
  so i will assume you mean 2004 when we joined the eu ? 
  exactly as i am saying, 
  the soviets were not his allies , holy shit . 
  you realize that hitler sent all communists to the camps , right ? 
  and the whole lebensraum thing , ever heard of that ? 
  do * you * know anything about the nazis ? 
   they 'd have headed in your direction yeah , sure , what else would they do ? 
  after winning a war , everyone invades their allies , do n't they ? 
   i ca n't roll or trill my rs . 
  oh well then you already failed doing the eastern european things : / perhaps you could make it work with an adidas tracksuit, 
   i said europe , not a specific town or city . 
  i suppose most of europe does n't fall into your `` europe '' then ? 
  because you sure as hell did n't liberate iberia , or eastern europe , or russia  you 'd have been under nazi occupation for the last 80 years had we kept to ourselves all my keks . 
   fucking cunts like you do n't deserve freedom . 
  this coming from censored porn island , you are a laughingstock, 
  i do n't know what world you live in . 
  british troops were never even close to where i live . 
  i do n't give a shit what you did in other places . 
  yeah exactly . 
   no sopianae , savaria and gorsium like , did the author specifically design it so that i ca n't enter the system ever ? 
  `` because how would we indoctrinate children to love the flag when they ca n't even draw it ? '', 
  that 's just sexism once again . 
  tfw he manages to be more backwards than the communists, 
  something tells me that it 's not rare that he encounters women that do , though, 
  `` what kind of person '' people are belong to shitty tabloids tho,
