yeah ok , i feel the same way , i 'm the most patriotic about my city too , i was just asking because the rest of your comment made me think that maybe you meant to put the ''  `` s the other way round, 
  so the city is the most important ? 
  i really do n't identify as a european , nor do i think it 's a necessity to form an eu federation . 
  who would 've thunk, 
   what the fuck is it with you and your hostile tone in every conversation i 've seen you involved in ? 
  this is how i debate . 
  no hostility is intended towards you  this is downright dictatorial . 
  it 's not . 
  the people are free to suggest to parliament to reverse the changes  first nations i purposefully did n't mention them , since [ their ] ( https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2017/country-chapters/canada ) [ treatment ] ( https://www.amnesty.ca/our-work/issues/indigenous-peoples/indigenous-peoples-in-canada ) makes canada look more like a third world country than the utopia you seem to be describing it as . 
   immigrants as far as i know those identify as canadians , in which case they add nothing to the diversity . 
   it borders on a miracle that canada is still intact and has n't balkanised . 
  oh yeah , unlike russia or the us where regional identities do n't exist . 
  totally . 
  you could make this argument for any country , even luxemburg . 
  it 's a miracle they did n't balkanize , definitely ...  first , you wan na abolish state sovereignty to redraw borders , now you want states ' rights . 
  which one is it ? 
  these are n't mutually exclusive . 
  the states can make their own laws while not being sovereign to their own territory . 
   a country that does n't have an identity as a nation has a post-national identity . 
  which canada clearly does have , kek  you 're not gon na make the nation state obsolete in one or two generations not with that attitude , with fucking promoting the differences and allowing people to hold disproportionally more power based on said differences ( upper house khm ), 
   the upper chamber serves the purpose of representing the constituent states permanently in order to involve the political will of these individual states in the ordinary lawmaking process . 
  yes , this is a completely unnecessary function , that has the sole function of hindering progress , and being undemocraric , with zero gain . 
  and another reason is that i want the government to have the right and exercise the right to freely redraw the boundaries of the administrative divisions of the eu , to make it as efficient as possible . 
  in which case the upper house would just be gerrymandered to shit , and once again only an obstacle . 
   canada is a multicultural , even a multinational country . 
  some say it is even the first [ post-national country ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/04/the-canada-experiment-is-this-the-worlds-first-postnational-country ) , conplete bullshit . 
  canada is clearly a nationstate , it 's filled with canadians and quebecois . 
  if you wanted a `` post-national country '' , you would need to search among the communist ones , most of the eastern block was in fact like that . 
  and we 're not even aiming for post-national , whatever that is , we 're aiming for a supra-national state , one that transcends the very idea of a nation and does n't aim to even have a national identity -- something that canada clearly does do . 
   a distinct nation within canada . 
  that 's really a cunt thing to say , holy shit . 
  imagine hitler doing a speech saying `` poles really are a distinct nation * in germany * '' ... what a dick . 
   i believe that right to self-determination includes the right to democratically enter into and leave behind any sort of obligation . 
  yeah , i have to say right away , i do n't believe in the right to self-determination . 
  people have the right to self determination , so in my book it would be only acceptable if every single citizen in said area without exception voted to leave . 
  but imaginary units of multiple people , those do n't and should n't have the right to self determination  the idea that a polity could enter into but not leave a federation - as it is law in the united states - completely at odds with democratic values . 
  democracy is a great system , but it 's not everyone 's lord and savior . 
  you ca n't solve all of your problems with democracy , nor should you . 
   both switzerland and canada are diverse , matured federations let me stop you right there . 
  first off the diverse part is not true for canada  that have learned how to manage inner conflict and alleviate disputes to the advantage of the highest number of participants . 
  what you 're really saying is that they managed to not collapse under its own weight with the zero problems they encountered during their history . 
  wow , such amaze they never even had major political movements in them , for fuck 's sake . 
  how could you say they 're `` matured '' ? 
  neither of them was at war on their own soil , while the eu pretty much is with northern cyprus . 
   neither the us nor russia should be regarded as well-functioning federations . 
  never said we should copy them entirely . 
  from russia we should take the national personal autonomy and from the us i would take the states ' right to make laws and kind of the mentality towards the states , especially in education . 
   why would the benelux and sweden serve as role models as far as municipalities are concerned ? 
  because the municipalities are highly autonomous there . 
  especially in the netherlands and sweden afaik, 
   the two institutions would serve very different purposes . 
  the fund would - as far as i understand it - reimburse those who have expenses due to their organising initiatives . 
  this is quite different from what an upper chamber of parliament does . 
  oh , so it 's basically a `` click here to get your protest funded '' button ? 
  seems kinda moot , since the citizens can already suggest anything to the parliament , and a protest is n't much more than a suggestion  as regards the right to leave the eu and the ability to opt out of ordinary legislation , these points struck me as valuable the first time i came across gross 's proposal . 
  in the constitutional framework of canada , both these instruments are open to the provinces to utilise . 
  qu\u00e9bec had a referendum on independence twice in its history , and nowadays makes frequent usage of opt-outs . 
  constitutional scholars call this ` asymmetrical federalism ' . 
  i do n't think these contradict a functioning state . 
  well , canada may do that , but it 's something we should not copy . 
  first off because unlike canada , the eu consists of multiple nations , and as we 've already seen with brexit , some populist might actually make them vote out . 
  not a risk we should take . 
  second , we would be a world power , possibly the # 1 world power , and we need stability . 
  it 's really not desirable to do this , basically allowing a few people 's mood swings to conpletely destabilize the state . 
  i do n't think we should model the state after switzerland or canada . 
  the eu 's sheer size and most importantly its diversity makes me think that those models would n't work here . 
  i would consider the us and russia valuable role models , and on the level of municipalities and smaller regions , the benelux and sweden . 
   direct democracy hell no . 
  not anywhere above municipality level  every member state of the eu may leave the european union . 
  definitely no . 
  we 're supposed to be building a functional state , not the fucking holy roman empire  the european constitution ( ec ) becomes law as soon as the people of every eu member state have approved by majority in a national referendum . 
  eh , i think it 's better if the ep does it . 
  the people wo n't even read through it , not to mention understand its implications  the ec guarantees a unified catalogue of protected basic rights for all eu-citizens according to the echr , as well as social and ecological norms , and the rights of minorities and transnational regions . 
  100 % agree  every alteration of or addition to the ec needs to be approved in a european referendum by a majority of eu citizens as well as three quarters of eu member states ( ` double majority ' ) 100 % disagree on both points . 
  we are paying the parliament for a very good reason , to take the burden of having to think about stuff like this off the citizens . 
  they have their own lives to live , having to do this would essentially mean the absolute failure of parliament . 
  might as well disband it at that point  alterations to the ec can be proposed by the european parliament as well as by citizens themselves . 
  for the latter , at least 5 percent of signatures of all eu citizens eligible for voting , definitely , yes  at least 1 percent of signatures from each member state , no  the chamber ~ ~ s ~ ~ of the european legislature  every member state has the right to ` opt out ' of any european piece of leigslation by majority decision in a national referendum . 
  hell no  advantages that arise from size , linguistic diversity and structure of the eu and may hamper the capacities and opportunities of citizens ' groups and movementsto act on a transnational level shall be alleviated via an ` eu democratic resources fund ' . 
  if there 's this , then what the hell is the point of the extra chamber of parliament and all that shit with member states in it ? 
   what do you think ? 
  it 's okayish, 
   they should . 
  it 's called checks and balances . 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature . 
  yes , in this case a minority of people checks and balances a majority . 
  if this is a feature then i do n't have any words  the connexion i literally just linked the video you asked for, 
   set up grants significant power to that chamber so there should be an actual interest for states to use the power they have there to actually influence politics . 
  already disagreeing here . 
  the states are local entities , they should n't have power in federal politics . 
  they should have all the power within their own borders , but not federal politics  cgp grey is fantastic !, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i&amp;ab_channel=cgpgrey ) is the one i was talking about . 
  that said though , i personally am not a * massive * fan of cgp grey . . he makes ok content , but i especially do n't like when he just rambles about unimportant stuff ( like `` holland '' or `` scandinavia vs fennoscandia '' etc ), 
  countries should n't have mps in the first place , as i said , proportional representation is needed , not per country representation, 
   having a latin constitution will only make it far less readable to the people who 'll live under it . 
  and ? 
  you 're implying that people actually read the constitution they live under ... most people really do n't care that much . 
  if they want to know so much they can read the official translated version . 
  the latin one only acts as the ideal one , on which the others are based . 
   where is latin spoken in the eu ?
