  can confirm, 
  do they do the curly thing at the top of the 2 ? 
  i find that hard to believe, 
  the way he writes the `` 2 '' ... lol, 
  byzzies, 
  first off , i do n't any of those news channels , so i do n't care . 
  second , you 'd have to search really hard to find an intellectual that has no jewish roots , unless you 're looking in countries where they were eliminated . 
  jews have been focusing on education for centuries , so among intellectuals the proportion of jews has been way larger for a long time now . 
  you could most likely make a similar chart for famous scientists and inventors , or any other type of intellectuals, 
  i prefer not looking at any of them . 
  i trust reddit 's comment sections more than the actual articles they link to . 
  plus , the articles are usually tl ; dr anyway, 
  yeah , exactly . 
  neither are worth reading or watching, 
  it 's too minimal to matter, 
  are we seriously comparing < media 1  to < media 2  ? 
  all media are garbage , there 's a not a single respectable one . 
  it 's personal because he will never meet orb\u00e1n in their life and will never go near his sphere of influence either, 
   autoplay video what a shit site , is n't cnn supposedly good ? 
  nope , they do n't . 
  it 's absolutely not their job , it 's the president 's . 
  croatians usually complain about the pre-1848 treatment , for example that hungarian became a mandatory second language in schools, 
  but representation is not based on merit , it 's based on popular votes . 
  the leaders of hungary do n't represent me . 
  probably not him either . 
  why ? 
  who is downvoting you ? 
  that is one convincing emoji but i will still most likely go to the bme . 
  i 'll go somewhere to university no matter what . 
   you guys will just stay on your arse and watch how they stole your future . 
  there 's always a western europe just over here . 
  if everything goes to shit that much i 'll just move . 
   kinda trump is just pretending to be one  teleorman nah , i 'm from somogyorsz\u00e1g , as you can see from my flair  truly a * much much more developed place * than teleorman, 
   little trump you got the best compliments obviously you have to do it both . 
  say something nice about pensions on tv , then have your party members go down to the villages with some p\u00e1linka and bus tickets to the voting booth, 
   we are n't learning hungarian . 
  obviously , we understand if you prefer to speak serbian instead . 
  as the good old hungarian saying goes , `` everyone is free to make their lives worse however they prefer '', 
  it 's `` wesprim '' in german , ( or `` wei\u00dfbrunn '' ) , and also vesprim in latin, 
   50 % plus 1 from those who vote true . 
  which is quite easy when there is not a single good party :'(  while old people are disciplined like an army ... and the good ol' parties buy votes for half a beer each, 
  or the acronym ss ( sunshine slavs ), 
   country mccountryface please for the love of god , this, 
   those old people rule our countries this is the result of that they only have to be liked by 50 % +1 person , which they can easily do by completely disregarding the entire younger generation . 
  dismissing them as `` sorosb\u00e9rencek '' or `` libsik '' will just give them more votes from the elderly, 
   you guys are too old to understand our world i would rather say that they actively try to not understand our world . 
  they do n't want things to change , because change is scary and they 're old and just want to live in peace . 
  there are old people who do n't understand ` our world ' , but try to keep up as much as they can . 
  i do n't think we expected any better from neonazis . 
  okay fine that was one , albeit it wasnt the main point if my comment , and i did n't intend it to be taken seriously . 
  i thought you meant the whole harassment thing , which definitely was n't a generalization, 
  i did not , learn to comprehend a text, 
  is that supposed to be intimidating or what ? 
  i would consider them both nationalistic , but in the end it 's not their purpose . 
  their purpose is to get the organizers as much money as possible , the nationalism just a tool to appeal to people, 
  no , the eu and the eu flag has fuck all to do with identity . 
  neither the romanians nor the hungarians working at this shack were attacked in their identity because of this eu flag . 
  you are just an asshole who is purposely misinterpreting a solution to a situation that you know nothing about , so that you can hate on the eu more . 
  yeah , someone else already informed me . 
  still , it was a solid guess, 
   will you ever forgive us ? 
  read my damn comment , i literally went out of my way to make sure it does n't suggest that i think all romanians are like that . 
   or is this going to lead to another discussion about the poor and oppressed hungarian minority ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're confusing me for someone else , i 've actually praised romania for their pretty okay policy on minority rights compared to slovakia , not that long ago . 
  but of course , i 'm * obviously * just hateful towards romanians , because why not  dicks are everywhere . 
  i never implied the opposite  being a dick to me on the internet you 're just being oversensitive . 
  i 'm not out here to hurt you , or to bash romanians in general . 
   you 're encouraging bigotry literally how ? 
  dude , you 're seeing some crazy shit here . 
  calm down, 
  welp , fair enough . 
  then i 'm out of ideas, 
  i did n't bash romanians out of nowhere . 
  i know people who got beaten in romania because they were hungarians . 
  tourists , mind you , not even locals . 
  i imagine if some tourists encountered the dick type retards then the locals probably also do encounter them ... 
  maybe it has to do with czech or slovak , they have weird spellings and they have that accented letter ? 
  other than that , i 'm as clueless as you are, 
   i know where you stand , i know you wo n't budge . 
  kek 'd , were you trying to call me out for `` pretending to know about things '' , or were you trying to do it yourself ? 
  such reasoning and well-made arguments . 
  not even surprised, 
  different thing, 
  hey i 'm happy if romanians do this , i just find it less likely, 
  let 's also not pretend that burning a religious book is different from burning any other book . 
  for most books , you can find people who like that book , yet for non-religious ones it 's different ? 
  what in the world, 
  it 's really not just white people that do this . 
  you are basically sinking to their intellectual level and are doing the exact same thing, 
  i think you meant to reply to someone else, 
  i 'm 80 % certain that the guy is n't even romanian, 
  just by looking at it i would be certain that this would not be a romanian but a hungarian . 
  if the guy were romanian then the cabin would as full of flags like as an american classroom . 
  the hungarian guy probably just tried to dodge harassment this way , without having to fly the romanian flag, 
  for people who are triggered by the eu . 
  by this same logic the olympics is nationalist propaganda, 
  we 're emotional creatures yes - that 's why the media reports it , because they make their money by appealing to peoples ' emotions . 
  the same was the case with the ebola outbreak for example . 
  people feared ebola . 
  yet singular cases were n't reported , especially once it was a regular occurrence .
