  the fact that you use magyar instead of hungarian is a dead giveaway that you 're just trolling, 
  1867-1919 is not a long time, 
  of course we should always look at everything western europeans draw to be borders as the holy scripture and we should never complain , just serve them as we are meant to, 
  one in 6 hungarians live outside the current borders because of that treaty ( at the time of the treaty it was one in 3 ) . 
  if you met one of those , they will obviously mention it . 
  and most hungarians will know others who live outside as well , so it 's kind of a crucial point for the nation you know ? 
  in the settlements there are human rights violations going on , so i can understand the motive behind that . 
  in golan heights , there are n't . 
   stealing that name without giving credit, 
  how is golan heights connected to the settlements though ? 
  the majority of people had no way to intervene , hell probably a large percentage of people was n't even aware of it at the time ( like myself ), 
  that is so cool  makes me wan na visit transylvania even more . . 
  weird . 
  by the way , do you mean that romanians in romanian use szia , or just the hungarians ? 
  there 's like a million places in romania that have the exact same thing and they work just fine . 
  also most likely almost everyone there speaks both languages . 
  i bet you also celebrate the fuck of western european national holidays though, 
  i subscribed , just in case . 
  i do n't want to be left out of the fun, 
  that does n't mean that retarded boundaries are kept retarded at all . 
  east berlin was n't kept separate from the western part either , was it ? 
  it made no sense to keep it that way , just like it makes no sense to have it that way in this case . 
  the whole village would just be assigned to one of the two countries ( or i mean , it should ), 
  hardly `` federalist porn '' though . 
  if the eu was a federation the town would just be assigned to a municipality and there would be no need for the joint police force and all that type of stuff , it 's just be the normal thing that it 's policed by the same police ( a no-brainer really ), 
  we also say ciao , but it 's very informal . 
  you only greet your closest friends with ciao . 
   szia - used mostly in transilvania - i think it 's because of the hungarian influence , in hungary they say sziastok for hello , szia for short nonono sziasztok is to address more than one person . 
  szia is when you talk to one person only, 
  buzzwords  explanation amirite, 
  well , whatever you prefer . 
  you should realize though that both serbia and hungary are shitty small countries that will never be able to get anything done without outside help . 
  without being part of a larger block , neither can really prosper , and they wo n't either . 
  i think your problem is that you think sovereigny is worth it . 
  living in a country that had its best days when it wasnt sovereign at all , i can assure you that is not the case . 
  i dont understand your logic , why would anyone lose their identity because of federalization in the first place ? 
  look at bosnia , or look at serbia . 
  did anyone in the region lose their identity , just because the country they lived in wasnt called exactly the way they wanted ? 
  of course they didnt . 
   seeing belgrade turn into an internationalist city of foreigners and hipsters is about the last thing i want to happen . 
  go take a look at budapest fam , it 's nothing like what you 're describing . 
  western europe did that part to themselves , eastern countries did n't want that and did n't become that either, 
   the belief that each life has a value is what brought us this far that belief is n't even 100 years old , jesus christ stop pretending, 
  should n't it be ayntrim then , because that 's what i would call ` pretty much the same ' . 
  how on earth does aontroim become antrim in english ? 
   trusting polls  in 2016, 
  well i mean there was work for all , in the sense that everyone got paid for doing absolutely nothing ... 
   hungary can finally into sea now !, 
  we would 've liked the clay better , we already have a [ hungarian sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_balaton ), 
   ( i do n't know about the situation before that , i 'm not that old ) i 'm pretty sure under communism no one was homeless , i mean was n't that kind of the whole point of communism ? 
   you 're basically equating all ukip and trump supporters with neonazis no i did n't . 
  i never used the word `` all '' in my comment , which seems to be the focus of your comment . 
  i did n't even mention a thing about people who voted for trump . 
  i said that the same type of people i 'm describing ( the new alt-right wave ) is called different names in different countries , but they are manifestations of the same global surge of reactionarism/conservativism . 
  it 's the ~ ~ illuminazi ~ ~ soros gy\u00f6rgy, 
  love added touch of the capital i having the dot, 
  that white part is scary . 
   i 'm inclined to disagree with the idea that aristocratic rulers had anything to do with creating the nations . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said that the elite took advantage of it , especially once nationstates came to be and were unavoidable . 
  they , with the idea of nationstate also made people jingoistic and to look at other nations as enemies and very different . 
  best example : prussia/germany . 
  this was basically the exact same as religion used to be ( the church also taught people to distrust different religions and in extreme cases , literally kill everyone who is n't of the right religion ) but this was different from religion , the western variant at least : nationalism let them make the inside group/outside group match up exactly with the citizens , thereby minimizing internal conflict and also minimizing sympathy with other nations . 
  it was like a wet dream for power hungry people  remember , for example , that the martyrs of arad were joined by non-hungarian which believed , like them , in republican humanist ideals and were later decried by the tribal loyalties of the royalist elites of their ethnicity as being traitors to their own kind . 
  well , yeah . 
  that 's pretty nice i guess . 
  they were n't motivated by the nationalist narrative , they were motivated by the social reform narrative . 
  as i said , these two came in a package from france , and at the time people did n't really realize that the two do n't have to come together . 
   meanwhile the old blood-loyalties tried desperately to keep together their genealogical alliances , and in the east succeeded . 
  alliances among the aristocracy were kinship-related mostly . 
  rural lower class people , living in the diverse mess that is eastern europe , usually had a sense of ethnic identity ( not a very strong one , but a very existing one anyway ) . 
  and that is what developed into eastern european nationalism , the ethnic identity of the peasants , not the blood-loyalty of the high aristocrats . 
  because what was the urban intellectual elite that birthed nationalism anyway ? 
  really just the rural people coming together, 
  i meant them as in , hot topic important stuff . 
  i do n't count the french revolution to human rights being hot & important , because their idea of human rights was vastly different from today 's, 
   via 9gag . com / r/europe is hitting a new low, 
  obviously it 's * rend * ( order ) * \u0151r ( iz ) * ( guard/to keep safe ) * - s\u00e9g * ( `` thing that does that '' ) . 
  so `` order keeping force '' . 
  compare that to police , literally deriving from latin * politia * ( government ) ... 
  it 's like you guys just * want * to live in a police state . 
  nationalism mainly developed in england and central france , neither are really places where you 'd expect people to meet other nations en masse . 
  croatia obviously never developed nationalism by itself , it was influenced and/or created by the already-in-place german and hungarian nationalism , both of which were inspired by the original french nationalism therefore , obviously nationalism was designed to work in homogeneous areas with homogeneous people , which is why cultural genocide sprees like germanization and hungarization happened , but also more recently bosnia . 
   funny , my rural ancestors got moved about by various morons from various empires , countries , nations , they spoke several languages before an urban traitor in the capital did . 
  well the way i understand it , the cultural/social progress went like this : 1 , - aristocratic society where nations do n't matter and therefore is tolerant and accepting with different nations 2 , - nationalistic society where classes are formally gone ( still present but that 's a different story ) and is culturally intolerant because of the rampant nationalism 3 , - modern urban society back then , rural places were still in the first phase , urban areas in the 2nd , while today , the rural areas caught up to the 2nd , but the urban areas are now in for something new which is hindered by the countryside . 
  so yeah , i 'm gon na `` spinning in my illusion '' , which was in no way challenged by your comment, 
   thinking you would find a millionth order derivative word in a dictionary silly slav . 
  obviously you 've never heard of agglutination . 
  search for * szent * in the dictionary , the rest is just conjugation, 
  as i said , i 'd love to see them together in a bar, 
   quite the opposite , nationalism is extremely young . 
  before that class and religious differences were far more important . 
  we 're both saying the same thing , just on a different scale . 
  obviously for something that is such a hot topic in actual politics today , nationalism is a pretty goddamn old rusty thing , at its 150-175 year-ish history now . 
  others like immigration , integration , human rights , stuff like that are way younger . 
   it 's origin rests in the fact that written revolutionary material was dispersed along linguistic lines , and that formed the basis of ` national identity ' . 
  in some places that identity became non-ethnic , like america and france , and in others it was hijacked into ethnic identitarianism , central and eastern europe . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i think it was the westerners that hijacked the idea of a strong national identity into a generic `` anyone in the country = inside group , anyone outside = outside group '' , which mainly benefited their rulers , who played the game of thrones above the people . 
  for the great powers of the early 1800s , this was awesome .
