  yeah , that of course is true . 
  languages do die naturally too , but the french policies regarding language certainly did n't help . 
  but a dialect can survive without having a distinct standard form , look at english . 
  english has many dialects and quite a few are unintelligible to each other , but the standard form is applicable to all dialects , so there 's no need to make all people * speak * the standard dialect . 
   what 's your point here ? 
  that it 's not uncommon for people to be able to speak english , man  french is the only language in france . 
  the only official one , yes . 
  the only spoken one , no  you think we 're going to bother ourself to learn catalan i was talking about those whose native language is n't french . 
  i ca n't believe this is such a hard thing to grasp . 
  but actually , that does n't even matter . 
  there already are schools that work the way i described in france . 
   if all french were speaking english , we 'd be in the same situation than sweden , where nobody gives a fuck about our language . 
  what ? 
  the other option would be combining the existing armies into the eu army , but that still would n't prevent the member states from making their own armies under some different name . 
   why do you have a hard time understanding that certain violence in history get digested over time . 
  it 's not that , it 's the cultural destruction . 
  i think it 's very important to emphasize all the horrible things nationalism is responsible for and how much cultural diversity has gone down the drain because of it . 
  well even in the army they would be grouped by language so only higher command would need to be able to speak those, 
   only 50 % of french talk a decent level of english . 
  90 % of dutch people talk a decent english , 86 % of swedish people etc etc  we ai n't going to pay teacher for local language when french is already there . 
  but you pay many teachers anyways ... you 'd only need one extra to teach french as a second language , and every other class could go in the students ' native language . 
  this is how it is done almost everywhere today . 
  and do n't forget that there would be enormous exposure to french anyway , so that would make it even easier than the aforementioned example with english, 
  member states could have their own armies and/or foreign legions , they would just have to contribute to the eu army . 
  ( according to quotas i guess ? ), 
  yeah . 
  this mentality was very common at the time . 
  yeah . 
  exactly . 
  you can speak english because it 's the lingua franca of the western world , and still have french as your native language , and it works . 
  you could 've spoken french and had provencal or breton or anything else as your native language , and would 've worked as well . 
  people can speak more than one language easily . 
  if france was a country to represent all the people of france , then should n't it have recognized that it 's a multilingual country ? 
  i mean its name is `` french republic '' , not `` french speaking republic '' . 
  if it truly was the country of all french , then why would it enforce only one of the many languages of france ? 
   but what is the alternative ? 
  recognizing minority languages and you know , not calling them degenerate . 
  the netherlands is a great example of a place where dialects are still thriving . 
  you also literally said yourself that french was already the lingua franca . 
  so why would there be a need to enforce it any further ? 
   uniformize the country that was not a necessity , that was a goal of certain influential people , but everything works just as fine without uniformization, 
  exactly, 
   the fact remains that almost all of france encompasses territorry of romance culture that broadly share a common history since the days of the fall of the roman empire the point is the way and the mentality that both states thought it was a-okay to shame shame people for using their native language , that it was okay to view them as inferior and to bar them from using their own native language . 
  you can argue that some of the romance cultures present in france were culturally similar , but that is n't the point . 
  and even then you can easily say that bretons and basques were n't romance cultures , so that argument only applies to them  and french had been the lingua franca of france given that occitan was actually written earlier than french was and that around the french revolution roughly half the population of france could speak french i highly doubt this . 
  sure , it was the language of the administration but that 's far from being a lingua franca . 
  lingua francas were n't even a thing that much among peasants - they were mostly useful for merchants who traveled everywhere , while the peasants just communicated with their neighbors in general  trying to impose german for everyone that was n't even a thing . 
  it was austro - ** hungarian ** for a reason : it was german that was imposed on one half and hungarian on the other . 
  and here people were n't even shamed for their native language , they just couldnt learn it in school  because in france it was already acknowledged that french was the common language of the people living in france eh . 
  that is shaky at best . 
  german was most definitely accepted as such here too ( hell , to some extent it still is today ) , but people would n't replace their native language like that . 
  german was a language you 'd learn in school same way you 'd learn english today . 
  you 'd just learn it if you wanted to communicate with other people  comparing it to the holocaust is ludicrous . 
  what i said is that we should remember this thing for the same reason we remember the holocaust : so that it does n't happen again , and so that people can see that it is wrong . 
  i never claimed they were murdered , and ofc this isnt a fair comparison , but lets not make this into an oppression olympics tumblr-style bullshit alright ? 
  let 's just agree that neither of the two should 've happened  that was already quite similar to the dialect they spoke again ignoring basque and breton . 
  about oc languages , well [ you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eggz_eyv-wc&amp;ab_channel=scarfi ) [ decide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rphlrrn9be&amp;ab_channel=micagbm ), 
  just look it up , man . 
   of course they got away with it , those were the policies of the time taken by the governments of the time . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't , but why do n't we put france at the time in the same bucket as austria-hungary then ? 
  how come this rarely ever mentioned for france but the first thing people know about austria-hungary is that it was an oppressive evil empire ? 
  they were both typical examples of nationalist states , why are they evaluated so differently ? 
   and seriously who gives a damn now that the deed is done ? 
  you could make the same argument about the holocaust . 
  literally who cares that there used to be a jewish community in europe , right ? 
  they do n't exist anymore so might as well ignore how they disappeared , right ? 
  i personally think that it 's important to acknowledge these types of things and remember them so that it does n't happen again . 
  france was probably the most succesful at eradicating non-french cultures and languages . 
  the whole [ shame campaign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vergonha ) behind it just disgusting , people who did n't speak french ( which were numerous ) were viewed as inferior and impure . 
  and the worst is that they got away with it , and they did n't get shit for it, 
   the government has no business in your personal beliefs . 
  if you work for the government then the government can have certain requirements . 
  you also need some sort of qualification to become a police officer - is it discrimination against uneducated people ? 
  you also need to wear the uniforms - is this discrimination against nudists ? 
  how the fuck dare the government not let nudist policemen and teachers work nude amirite ? 
  muh discrimination against nudists  and does this apply to every religious denomination or only the ones we do n't like ? 
  anything that designates itself as a religion is potentially dangerous . 
  after all they all are based on unconditional beliefs , aka . 
  brainwashing . 
  i 'm not saying govt empolyees should n't be allowed to join them - that 's a symbolic move and does n't matter . 
  but if they actively participate in the brainwashing every week , then it can get bad , and that is a risk the state should n't take . 
  do n't think we want radicalized police officers , do we ? 
   when they 're off the job , they can do whatever they want ( that is n't illegal ) . 
  that 's not even true . 
  teachers for example ca n't have an affair with their students , even though it 's legal, 
  religion is responsible for millions of deaths , millions of people suffering etc. 
  let 's think about other things that also are responsible for the same amount of misery . 
  would you want your police officers to have * those * ideologies ? 
  i assume no . 
  so why would you give religion special treatment in this regard ? 
  let 's be realistic . 
  if a police officer is n't able to say no to such a thing as a weekly brainwashing into a very dangerous ideology , then maybe he 's not quite the person that should have such an important position as a police officer . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  on the other hand , a strip club or a heavy metal concert are just pieces of entertainment, 
  should we also not have free healthcare because commmunists did that too ? 
  should we not have highways because the nazis had them too ? 
  that 's a pretty weak argument, 
  communists made it illegal altogether , which is a bit more extreme than doing it only for policemen though . 
  yeah i know , but it makes sense . 
  being a police officer takes dedication , and not going to church i think is not unreasonable to demand that from them .
