  degenerate - nothing . 
  but it 's obnoxious af in public, 
  now that i think about , it is actually pretty disturbing, 
  portugal , spain and greece are usually lumped into southern europe , and they are poor because they tried to live solely from tourism which did n't work out . 
  whereas eastern europe is poor because communism , and they are mostly recovering economies, 
   nothing preposterous about yes there is . 
  geographically it 's a central european country . 
  but no one cares about that . 
  what we 're doing here is that we 're trying to make us look better because central europe sounds better than eastern europe , both politically and in casual conversations . 
  it makes more sense too , to group hungary up with countries in a similar political situation : slovakia , romania , poland , ukraine , all of the ex-yugos , czechs , bulgaria etc. 
  this group is most commonly referred to as eastern europe , central europe is , say , austria , germany , switzerland . 
  they also are in a similar geopolitical situation, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe#/media/file:europe_subregion_map_un_geoscheme.svg i can link images too, 
  why does n't it ? 
  eastern european countries are trying to become better and better to match the quality of life in western europe , because the eastern countries were for half a century occupied by the ussr . 
  if this does n't make sense , i do n't know what does . 
  sure , the political situation is different that in , say 1980 , but the divide very much exists , and it 's a very important divide too , if not the most important . 
  that is true , but you 're talking about something completely different : i said ** germany ** is not a post communist state , and that it 's not the successor of the ddr . 
  i did n't say anything about anyone else . 
  the ddr was fully annexed by the brd , so the ddr has no successor state . 
  some areas of the current brd are post communist areas , but germany is not a post communist state, 
  germany is not the successor state of the ddr, 
  politically they are eastern europe . 
  geography does n't matter in the field of politics also , budapest is west to helsinki for example , yet finland is more western than hungary , no matter who you ask, 
  yeah , of all eastern europeans , czechs are the most salty if they are called eastern european . 
  they push the `` technically central europe '' thing the hardest . 
   hungary  central europe topkek, 
  tbf i would n't be either , it 's pointless, 
  no way , man . . god could n't possibly want me to give up rollerblading, 
  happens way too often because i use the mousewheel to change weapons ... 
  i 'm a peasant i know, 
  i thought it was no meat , which could mean serious nutritional problems, 
  that is , like , totally irrelevant to what he was talking about . 
  exactly . 
  as a christian i should be fasting for 40 days before easter too , for example , yet no one cancels my exams . 
  i would say the hungarian upperclass instead of just hungarians . 
  im fairly sure that a huge amount of hungarians had nothing against their neighboring romanians , slovaks or rusyns or germans . 
  it was the intellectuals that called for the assimilation of these people , mainly because they have already expressed their disloyalty towards hungary ( cf 1848-49 ) . 
  and whats weirdest is that even with all this , there were groups that were loyal to hungary , especially among the slovaks . 
  your summary is just as biased as / u/vortalwombat 's though , let me elaborate on a few points :  hungary treated transilvanian romanians like shit for centuries and then they wondered why they wanted to unite with romania instead of living as second hand citizens in the lands where they were a majority . 
  hardly a century though . 
  hungary did n't practically exist until 1867 , and it continued its anti-minority stance until 1920 . 
  that 's 57 years . 
  before that , hungary existed as an independent entity in the middle ages , when there wasnt even a concept of nationality , cf. 
  hunyadi j\u00e1nos was considered a hungarian , despite that he probably spoke romanian first  you were able to control vojvodina , transilvania and banat only with the help of the habsburgs and only when the others were divided . 
  silly boy we * were * the habsburgs , we used the exact same way of keeping our rule as the austrians on their half of ah . 
   you do n't want to accept the present and you cling to the glorious past no one actually cares, 
  i suppose he meant that eupen-malm\u00e9dy would become a part of germany , because those areas are german-speaking, 
  you mean hopefully asap, 
  stop . 
  bashing slovakia is our job over here . 
  well , under communism the communist party would always get elected ( though it was the only choice , and the participation rates were a whopping 20 % - ish ), 
  i do n't want to , i said we can talk about it , not that it should be done . 
  belgium works just fine as is . 
  yeah , when the eu properly becomes a country , we can talk about reorganizing belgium , but until then we have bigger worries i think, 
  intolerance is intolerable, 
  they give liberals a bad name . 
   you got sued for battery ( maybe add a hate crime there , too ) top kek . 
  you report the rapist and get yourself a lawyer , you 'll get most likely get no charges , unless you defending gave the rapist permanent injuries ( not talking breaking a bone , i 'm talking permanent stuff ), 
  odin is an old germanic god , has nothing to do with nazism, 
  to be honest , i have to agree here . 
  the less involved in this shit we are , the better . 
   not saying they should have made dozens of arrests why not ? 
  eastern europe  western europe , seriously . 
  i ca n't believe this shit anymore . 
  austria , germany , switzerland or italy would be my options i think , but mainly austria, 
  * eastern poland, 
  if the country got into a situation where war is an actual threat , then id move myself out of here asap , soo . . 
  i guess if they teach me skills i csn use as a refugee, 
   in budapest they sweep the snow rather than shovel it / r/hungary _ irl, 
  rebel much ? 
  i do n't see a point in being in the military at peacetime . 
  they 'd just put me through physical work , without my approval . 
  fuck that, 
  very same over here . 
  i 'd emigrate the very second a law like this would be enacted . 
  everyone 's opinion is a real philosophical view , be it pro-russia or anti-russia . 
  if you think only those opinions are valid that support your own views , then you 're a bigot . 
  you should try challenging your own views and be open to others ', 
   komi-permyak ( 2.16 ) breed , finno-ugrics , breed . 
  lets take over the world, 
  yes , fuck the author for trying to make up his own opinion, 
  wow , i did n't know all that , thank you for the detailed response  interesting to see the parallel between this and the same period in hungary ( monarchy -  democracy -  communism ) , especially knowing that the hungarian leaders closely cooperated with lenin  the name of charles de gaulle comes to mind i suppose a `` tzar '' is much closer to an average hungarian than a `` charles de gaulle '' :p, 
   who do you think did the 1917 revolutions ? 
  i suppose lenin and his close friends . 
  i admit though , i do not know much about this particular piece of history , as far as i know the original attitude of the masses was that the tzar 's advisors were the true evil ( e.g. 
  rasputin ) , and it only shifted later to `` lenin is our benevolent leader , the tzar is evil '' . 
  there was little push for democracy from the people . 
  ( though the mensheviks come close afaik )  was n't a strong hand in ussr kind of the matter of perspective . 
  the ussr had more powerful leaders than , say , hungary , during communism . 
   just an autoritarian leader this is what i meant under `` tzar type of leader '' , though mainly because we actually refer to authoritarian leaders in hungary as `` tzars '' , jokingly . 
  ( we say that to orb\u00e1n as well , for example ), 
  country = / = independent country, 
  talking about the attitude of the people here . 
  you could 've said that about hungary in , say , 1922 , when we lost our old `` tzar type '' of figure - the kaiser , and to replace him we put another `` tzar type '' , horthy , in charge . 
  from what it seems the russian people just do n't * want * democracy - they want their tzar and that 's good enough for them . 
  disclaimer : not to offend anyone , especially not democrat russians, 
  from the outside it does n't look like that . 
  do you think the russian people would be able to live without a `` tzar '' ? 
  ( talking about the average russian here , i know there are lots who would prefer democracy ),
