  it helps his country if their athletes cheat on the olympics ? 
  how ? 
  because he told people that sportsmen did n't play by the rules ? 
  wtf dude, 
  but it 's basically only thing needed for a country to not collapse, 
  but she 's the chancellor , not a pm, 
  true . 
  its true for hungary tho . 
  orb\u00e1ns gang are incredibly corrupt, 
  those who arent safe in serbia get asylum, 
  wow . 
  whoever did this is on par with isis when it comes to being able to handle journalism they dont like, 
  no they didnt . 
  austria was responsible for foreign policy and military , hungary only had powers within its own borders . 
  ok lets use a different example then . 
  is ukraine responsible for the soviet invasion of poland ? 
  the opposite of capitalism would be something where theres no capital . 
  subsidies dont do that, 
  you said parts of a country are to blame for wars started by that country, 
  czechia was an autonomous part of nazi germany as well for example . 
  are they to blame for ww2 ? 
  anyway the point is scotland couldnt do anything when westminster already decided to do it , same with hungary back then, 
  do you also blame scotland for the falklands war ? 
  so you agree it 's not people wanting to be seen as nonexistent when it comes to measuring percentages then ? 
  hm , i am willing to take this bet to a new level : remindme !, 
  10 years, 
  yes , this is what abstain is for - people not willing to take a side , and thereby siding with the status quo . 
  not people wanting to be ignored . 
  does n't mean they are n't voters , does it ? 
  so that means 37 % of voters voted leave . 
  that 's their problem if they do n't vote , sure . 
  but that does n't mean that their decision to not vote should make them disappear from the numbers here . 
  let 's not pretend that everyone went and voted , because that was n't the case . 
  let 's not pretend that these people do n't exist . 
  because that 's what we 're doing when we say `` 51 % leave 49 % remain '' . 
  these two were n't the only options : you could also just have not voted , which is a legitimate thing to do , and should be considered . 
  not sure about the uk , but in hungary for example you have the option in parliament to abstain from voting , and have it counted as abstain . 
  that 's what a real democracy is imo , not where if you do n't want to participate you are just ignored . 
  well you know , the brits and french did guarantee poland , yet they did n't become really independent until 1989-90 ( - ish , idk the actual date ), 
  why would n't they ? 
  they are people too . 
  where 's the democracy if they do n't count ? 
   37 % of all brits is n't that actually just the brits eligible to vote ? 
  17,410,742 people voted leave , which is just 26,7 % of the population ( 65,110,000 according to the wiki ), 
   french executing corsican soldiers the french were/are the king of pretending that minorities do n't exist , to this day they 're the most repressive of minorities in the eu . 
  to compare , the austro-hungarian army worked pretty well with many different languages ( they grouped people with the same language together , and only required german/hungarian in higher command and stuff ) . 
  ofc in ah the oppression of minorities was very real , but it was n't caused by the army composition . 
   even these low-level support missions are , practically speaking , impossible . 
  in hungary they deployed the army in cities after the paris attacks to protect citizens , and tbh that 's the most i would want from that army . 
   with my country 's military you have no flair , where are you from ? 
  yeah same thing totally worked in hungary 1867-1914 , totally worked amirite . 
  exactly . 
  people who used to follow it will just leave the religion then , i mean for fucks sake, 
   one that enforces french/german ideals . 
  i do n't think that matters that much . 
  there would still be battallions and divisions from all countries , it 's just that it would be organized by a higher that french/german styled . 
  and i think that 's fine . 
   that 's a military that 's not fit for the deployments of today . 
  but the only deployments today are the ones encouraged by the us . 
  there is no such threat to nato that would require such deployments , i do n't think there even will be as long as nato has nukes . 
  btw i think you 're a bit overexaggerating with that example . 
  i do n't think the actual situation is that tragic right now . 
   the entire eu will have to spend far more on the military than the individual countries are doing now . 
  yes , they do if we want to rival the us , although i do n't think it 's necessary to rival . 
  i think all we need to do is render the current us presence in europe obsolete and let the eu army take care of defense . 
   thanks for the civil response . 
  i suppose a little namecalling gets it out of the system . 
  i do n't usually mean namecalling , it just seems right to me to be rude sometimes because it gets peoples attention, 
   if the people involved do n't know how to build a proper army . 
  but the army wo n't be built by hungary , or by czechia , or any other of the minor nato members . 
  it will be built the way the germans or the french want it , and the minors will just contribute to it by following the standards already set by the majors who do have the experience and expertise . 
  let 's face it - that 's the best way the smaller countries can contribute effectively . 
   not sticking to a fucking deal with nato is n't the spending thing a guideline ? 
  that 's not a deal , is it ? 
   money does n't magically fall from the sky if we make an eu army . 
  well it obviously does n't , but it does even less when it comes to the individual countries, 
  i do n't either , i 'm just saying that that would be an even better way to have people not wear it them if you do n't want . 
   i ca n't wear blaspheme or pornographic t-shirts . 
  well that one you can but not the nazi ones i think, 
  sure , i did n't mean the mayors should , i do n't care about mayors , i meant like france as a whole ? 
  ok fine with me but at least make that girl basque , i mean if shes from guernica then might as well, 
  in hungary politicians openly hoped that the allies would land on the balkans so we would n't have to surrender to the soviets, 
  or you know , literally the entire eastern front, 
  yeah , guy gets out of trouble then meets girl and the happy ending . 
  what a creative movie plot . 
  too much hollywood in there, 
   if america ca n't be bothered for whatever reason , we 're done for . 
  yeah . 
  but as long as there 's no eu army , raising military spending in individual countries i think is a waste of money , especially where there is basically zero threat anyway like czechia , slovakia , hungary , austria , italy etc. 
  ukraine is n't in nato , it 's a whole different story, 
  i only used the same language style he did, 
  can confirm . 
  they 're just amazing, 
  we already have such an amount of shitty politicians that we would n't even notice him in the crowd :p so there 's no reason not to accept this glorious offer, 
  i do n't understand why you would want to ban them ? 
  why not just tax them at ridiculous rates so no one wants to sell or buy them ? 
  way easier method , and it would actually result in more revenue if people keep buying them . 
  edit : spelling, 
  you mean the trianon treaty, 
  because hungary is a shitty country and its military wo n't ever be strong you dick , that 's why .
