  i legit thought you were like 22 , not sure why, 
   so how would i say `` i will do it '' without a future tense ? 
  in english you say `` i 'm doing it '' . 
  otherwise you can also say `` i do it tomorrow '' , `` i do it later '' . . there are many options, 
  difference betweeen he and she , are you kidding me ? 
  aside from the obvious problems you will get with transgender people , it 's also something completely irrelevant that you have to keep in mind all the time and makes the language way harder than it should be future tense is a similar thing , most of the time even indo-european languages refer to the future with the present tense , and vice versa . 
  it 's not funny either, 
  that 's not what i was talking about . 
  it 's essentially indo-european because of its grammar , obviously . 
  could n't get more indo european than that in grammar . 
  the words hardly matter at all, 
   all computer input is done by typing in pinyin and the keyboard program replacing it with a chinese character yeah i knew that one, 
  probably . 
  i know embarrassingly little about russian unfortunately, 
  i think you might have replied to the wrong guy ? 
  i was just gon na comment on that . 
  if anyone takes those * rightful hungarian lands * , it 's got ta be croatia not serbia, 
  what rule ? 
  more likely that zamenhof was just unprofessional, 
  yeah but from german `` tisch '' you ca n't figure out the gender . . from italian `` tavolo '' for example you easily can . 
  or from french `` table '' as well . 
  no , i meant the fact that it 's impossible to know which gender a word is, 
  not a loss, 
  i speak it too ( well i do n't know any vocab but know the grammar fairly well ) , and honestly i see zero appeal in it . 
  no , the script is called arabic . 
  the current script turkish is called latin as well , not german , even though it has letters from the german alphabet ( \u00f6 , \u00fc ) ... you 're thinking of the ottoman * alphabet * , not script, 
  shame this is gon na be downvoted , but you 're absolutely right . 
  anyone can make a better auxlang overnight , hell did it . 
  zamenhof had great intentions but he was n't a linguist by far, 
   esperanto was invented before modern computers and diacritics were no problem at the time they were much bigger problems at the time , lol . 
  they used typewriters fam . . that 's why the phonetic alphabet simply uses upside down letters instead of special characters for example . 
  zamenhof was n't that smart, 
  it has shitloads more problems than that ... 
  mandatory accusative case ? 
  adjective declension ? 
  future tense ? 
  it 's cluttered up with unnecessary things tbh, 
   this is the main reason esperanto was created . 
  which is neutral , except that it 's essentially an indo-european language so it is n't, 
   german is a much more precise language german is a bitch to learn though . 
  it 's unnecessarily complicated like a million times more than the other indo-european languages , add to that the completely illogical genders , just no, 
  well it 's easy if you do n't put dots on the i 's like some kind of savage, 
  no , it 's called the arabic script , not persian, 
   racist standardization lol, 
   in prc , children learn to read latin alphabet before the chinese characters big if true, 
   relatively easy to change this incredibly easy ... 
  no way . 
  if vietnamese managed then any language can, 
   i / \u00ed it 's not the diacritics ' fault that fonts suck . . they 're perfectly clear to differentiate in handwriting and in normal fonts, 
  inb4 turkey switches back to the arabic script, 
  when was this posted last time ? 
  few months ago maybe ? 
  ural as in the ural river , which is the border of europe there ... 
  the line is not imaginary anywhere , the ural river flows into the caspian , making a clear border, 
  in other news , the new democratic opposition momentum [ just registered ] ( http://hvg.hu/tudomany/20170413_momentum_fidesz_ru ) the domains `` fidesz.ru '' , `` korm\u00e1ny.ru '' and `` jobbik.ru '' ... ca n't wait to see what they do with it . 
  hope they get some spicy memes up there, 
   with us and lots with them well if by `` us '' you mean uneducated idiots then sure, 
  right-wing likes him , left wing does n't . 
  got ta agree with the left on it myself, 
  he was the scum of the earth yes , but he was n't as bad as you make it out to be . 
  he was pretty much like the modern fidesz/kdnp if you want absolute antisemitic pieces of shit there 's g\u00f6mb\u00f6s and sz\u00e1lasi and szt\u00f3jay and those types of people . 
  horthy was just a neglectful conservative asshole , not entirely a hitler, 
  they also have land on this side of the urals, 
  some of them deny it , not everyone, 
  town of salem is leaking, 
   do you think this applies to every profession ? 
  survival and `` being able to afford stuff '' is n't a profession , it 's stupid to even make that comparison . 
   he did n't become rich by everyone became rich by making sure that others did n't become rich as well , since if everyone else was rich then they would n't be, 
   somebody having an easier time , or ~ ~ someone ~ ~ everyone else having it harder ? 
  these are the same problem , not two different ones, 
  yeah that is like way harder than the taxing version . 
  you basically have to take every kid from their family forcibly to get rid of the family variable and you 'd need to put them all in state-run interns , which would cost a lot . 
  now this i 'm not opposed to this in principle , but this would still not account for differences in background . 
  once the kids turn 18 you ca n't prevent them going back to their families and using the privileges they have . 
  well the average supporter is still the `` szittya '' archetype who are usually closer to the above than , say , fidesz ( who are still very right-wing but not the super crazy type ), 
  so what do you propose instead ? 
   if you study well , you will have better chances at survival . 
  not necessarily , you can also become a politician  whenever i had to work harder than others to achieve something , i was prouder of myself in the end . 
  well good for you , who cares though . 
   i 'm against higher taxes for the rich this , btw , is synonymous with `` i support keeping social inequality '' . 
  basically , you 're against the single easiest way to combat that . 
  i glossed over the yearly thing and assumed monthly like a normal person ... my bad  i do n't understand this jealousy and the `` let 's punish the rich '' mentality not really , this is exactly the humane way to combat social inequality . 
  you could also kill or enslave the bourgeois like you said , but that is very 20th century in the sense that it 's barbaric as hell . 
   still i am the rich , right ? 
  no , as i said i assumed monthly 2 mil / 500k not yearly, 
  ah , damn , yes i did . 
  obviously the exact numbers were outdated , the system itself is great though . 
  love service sounds a million times more descriptive tho, 
   rich people pay more since 15 % of 10000 is ten times more than 15 % of 1000 . 
  wow sherlock , that also means that they get to still keep 10x as much money as well , which means that in the end their wealth contributed fuck all to anyone other than themselves . 
  if you tax the rich guy at 20 % instead then there 's less inequality , * and * more money for the state to do shit , which is to everyone 's benefit . 
   anyone having over 2.1 m huf yearly income ( ie . 
  7000 eur ) yeah anyone earning that is rich as shit , no doubt . 
  hell , anyone earning over 500k is rich . 
   i 'm in no way rich . 
  yes you are , if you earn that type of money . 
  except you know , leaders are disposable and the group is here to stay , so that hardly matters, 
   if a student with good grades in high school would have to get more points to get admitted into the same university , than a worse student ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  plus , it 's already this way : a rich fuck has way better chances of getting admitted to a university , a poor person has to work a million times harder to achieve the same .
