   there is no solid area with a hungarian majority there lol yes there is , [ look at the map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/romania_harta_etnica_2011.png ), 
  you need a mass to bury someone ? 
  private organizations probably do it cheaper, 
  what benefits do you get from being a member of the church , kek ? 
  also , normally during every mass some church girl goes around to beg for donations . 
  if they ca n't live from those and the 1 % s they probably get en masse , then the churches can go to hell, 
  church tax is n't taxing churches ( they should pay taxes like any other private company ) , church tax is when the church ( es ) are allowed to tax the members of the church , as if they were an authority or something . 
  how is that allowed, 
  i refuse to believe that that many russians believe in god . 
  there is no way . 
  the percentage of self-identified atheists means next to nothing . 
   countries where there are church taxes . 
  til there are non-middle eastern countries with a church tax . 
  holy shit , middle ages much ? 
  if they ca n't show it off at all then they ca n't really do much with the money . 
  but i was n't talking about politicians, 
  good point , but i was n't necessarily talking about politicians, 
  him tryharding, 
  he does, 
   fran\u00e7aises , je vous invite \u00e0 me contacter en mp you tried, 
  much better attitude if you ask me, 
  we ai n't doing it because it 's easy , but because it 's hard, 
  ... so why is the eu not a sovereign country then, 
  probably would 've been put into reserves and lived a normal life, 
  his ideas were a very direct consequence of the treaty of versailles . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's basically a form of censorship , in terms of effect and intention, 
  idk could be . 
  the ruling class was eliminated in the entire ussr, 
   what will hitler would become ? 
  why would hitler become anything then ? 
  yes it would , germany planned to make a puppet poland after ww1 afaik, 
  soviet union kept them too mostly, 
   was n't orthodoxy commonly practiced in hungary and then it was phased out over time ? 
  not hungarians , but many people within hungary practiced orthodoxy . 
  hungarians used to be mostly pagans , with a faith related to tengriism , then were converted by mostly german missionaries , called into the country by saint stephen . 
  but there were orthodox missinaries too , mostly greeks . 
   is n't that what the hungarian double cross references ? 
  according to the wiki , the double cross comes from the byzantines , brought in by b\u00e9la iii , who was educated in constantinople  have you not heard of magyarization ? 
  yeah , even by the wildest definition it only started after the napoleonic wars , with the appearance of western/french-style nationalism in the country . 
  it was n't institutionalized until 1867 . it was basically the direct effect of the spreading of nationalism . 
  so like every other method of getting news, 
  yeah, 
   has a thing like this ever even happened in modern european history before these foreigners showed up ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you think underhanded bullshit like rape , theft , murder , violence all else somehow never happened in europe before ? 
  that 's basically the summary of human existence so far , and some people go around calling it `` news '' . 
  well first off , orthodoxy somehow survived being under hungarian rule for 900 years . 
  so did all the slavic nations and romanians in hungary . 
  compare , say , how well west slavic nations survived under german rule ( ostsiedlung ) . 
  or how well arabs survived under spanish rule . 
  or how well the irish survived under british rule . 
  as i also already said , under hungarian rule was the first law on religious freedom enacted in transylvania , that guaranteed the religiously incredibly diverse population to practice their religion freely . 
  those communities ( protestant , catholic , orthodox , unitarian , other protestant branches i have no idea about , also armenians , who i think are miaphysite ? ), 
  remained basically intact for centuries . 
  also there was for example a joint uprising of hungarian and romanian peasants against the nobles ( 1437 ), 
  how the fuck are these two things related, 
  i really do n't care , even if i did `` notice a pattern '', 
  yes, 
  this is local news . 
  it was already posted here once as well . 
  well , then tell me how does romania do more than `` tolerate '' , currently . 
  i already mentioned schooling , which is pretty much the one aspect that you can bring up . 
  ( legitimately , that is ), 
  the top post in / r/hungary says `` if you upvote this , it 'll show up when people search for t-systems on google '', 
  ireland seems like a fun place, 
  yeah you can stretch the meaning of natural however you want , in the end it comes down to what you feel like is natural , since there is no rigorous definition . 
  this is why referring to such concepts in serious debates is stupid . 
  to me slavery does seem like a natural thing , social hierarchy does dictate in any case that certain people work more and others get it ( this is how it is with many animals ) , the only part which i think could be unnatural is the formalized legal relationship that say `` person a is the property of person b '' . 
  that is more a bureaucratic thing though , slavery existed before it was formalized in such a way . 
  social hierarchy is natural . 
  slavery is an integral part of social hierarchy, 
   the `` minorities '' that they ruled over for hundreds of years in not the most pleasant ways . 
  well , it 's a fact that it was n't pleasant and i can emphatize , but hungary was still the most tolerant towards minorities in pretty much all of europe ( which is sad , i would really expect it from the west to be better , but they are n't ) . 
  the first country with freedom of religion was transylvania , ruled by hungarians . 
  the first country to enact experimental minority protection laws was also hungary in 1849 . 
  so it 's not like there were n't efforts . 
   if they were enlightened , if they allowed the minorities to preserve their religions , customs , languages and did n't treat them as 3rd-class citizens you know that this was exactly this way under the dualist system ? 
  there was nothing on your citizenship that said `` this guy is n't hungarian , treat him worse '' . 
  the legit complaints that you could have was the language use and native language schooling ( which was , albeit possible , limited ) . 
  voting rights were limited not by ethnicity , but by wealth , so a wealthy non-hungarian could just as well vote and once again * poor hungarians could also not vote * . 
  probably something about religion too but hungarians are very divided religion-wise and it was even more so back then . 
  and since hungarians themselves are n't all catholic at all , i find it hard to believe that orthodoxy was particularly oppressed , especially since orthodox priests were on the countrywide religious council ( 10 seats out of 56 or 18 % , this is roughly the same as how many orthodox people there were in the country ) , and orthodoxy had the status of * religio recepta * since 1791 , the same status protestant religions had . 
  yeah , of course , times have changed , thankfully, 
  it 's one out of 500 people . 
  i would n't say it 's unachievable, 
   it 's kind of sad that the `` progressive '' hungarians who speak english still cry after transylvania and consider a huge injustice that the people in transylvania were able to choose to unite with romania . 
  i think you 're being a bit too harsh here . 
  hungary has been cut from its almost entire history in a series of incredible historical injustices in 1919-1920 . 
  ( including its historic capital , and one third of hungarians ) that is something not many nations had to experience . 
  since then hungary and hungarians constantly have to decide whether to officially strive to get the rest of hungarians and the whole/most of the lost area back , so the country can feel like a legitimate continuation of what it was , ( the `` fascist '' / right-wing approach ) or to acknowledge the losses and build something new that does n't rely entirely on the history of the old country , and ignoring the culturally retarded borders , make something out of it that at least somewhat resembles a modern nationstate , even if that means abanoning the rest of the nation ( the `` communist '' / left-wing approach ) and let 's be fucking honest , neither are good options , not even by a long shot . 
  yeah me too . 
  especially on the side they look much like something from a kids book , kinda cute, 
  looked way too right wing to me , i unsubbed a while ago but why tf would you recommend me that anyway ? 
  i specifically want to * not see * this bullshit post about some local crime, 
  oh boy i would be first in line if there was a way to get that dickhead off his throne . 
  but there is n't, 
   this has international or political significance though no it does n't . 
  this is made by brits, 
  oh ours is even better for that .
