   or having an overwhelming technological edge and then being utterly ruthless about maintaining it the superpowers ' need for technology is n't always good for the people either : superpowers mainly look for military technology ( aka new/improved ways to intimidate other major powers ) , something 99 % of people could n't care less about, 
  no , nationalism was a step towards rationalizing all the horrible things as good things when it 's for the `` glory of the nation '' . 
  nothing else good came from nationalism . 
  you 'd also think people do n't shoot people because they drew a guy who died 1300 years ago , but they do . 
  its not that theyre to be pitied , its that they will get aggressive . 
  the belgian thing was in the middle of nowhere , not a town in sight, 
   removal removes the problem . 
  not really , not at all . 
  it will put it elsewhere , and it will probably anger all neonazi communities everywhere , which would lead to more problems than it would solve . 
  i would n't be surprised by neonazi terrorism also , what is the goal with that anyway ? 
  to put an end to neonazis coming together and assemble ? 
  good luck with that . 
  probably the building they put in its place will be more expensive to build . 
  renovation  destruction, 
   prevent pilgrimages there 's this new thing called fences, 
  modernism is n't the same as `` let 's demolish perfectly good buildings to put a shitty one in its place '' . 
  this is not about architectural styles , this is about disrespecting and destroying historical heritage edit : grammar, 
  still better to expand and/or improve the original building than destroy it outright . 
  thing is , is can actually be used that way too . 
  reminds me of the fact that communists used old castles as hospitals . 
  or you could house about 10 homeless families in it . 
  or 10 refugee families . 
  or you can use it a school ( think about how awesome that would be for a sec , going to school to a fucking castle ... ) . 
  possibilities are endless . 
  this is already happening , look at hitlers house in austria or that castle in belgium , both were recently posted here . 
  with that definition you can definitely say the governments are n't independent , they are dependent of the people and they are restrained by the constitution and other laws ... 
  how are you sovereign when you are dependent on the chinese clothes industry , the chinese electronics industry , the saudi oil etc. 
  the more advanced society is , the more interdependent all places will become . 
  that 's not something you can fight or deny , unless you 're amish or nomadic, 
   i thought the rich gypsies are just here and in romania . 
   they exist in hungary too, 
   a new name was invented . 
  interestingly enough many gypsies prefer gypsy over roma, 
  this is why going global can only be achieved via global revolution , which is kind of a hard feat to pull off, 
  sovereignty is a myth , every country is interdependent . 
  they can not possibly be fighting interdependence . 
  it 's impossible to avoid, 
  in the civic nationalist sense , yeah . 
  i know i 'm being overly sensitive , but i really do n't like this happening ( to clarify , do n't like it the other way around either ), 
  in my experience , to western europeans the country of birth is more important than to eastern europeans . 
  eastern european tend to go with actual identity more , which is why i pointed this out . 
  yeah i get why it happens , i ( like to think i ) 'm pretty good at linguistics . 
  the fact that i understand completely why it happens does n't make it less cute . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment here . 
  i was talking about the jews of hungary ... 
  i think he meant by military , it obviously would n't be first using any metric that 's useful for the average person, 
  well england was there too , also france and russia to an extent , perhaps china too ... 
  5 years, 
   come to eastern europe oh but did n't you know ? 
  eastern europeans are literally all hitler , stalin and gypsies combined and they tuuk our jerbs . 
  they are just subhumans really, 
  well then again you 'd call the spanish civil war civil war too, 
  local autonomy , for municipalities or whatever other thing the most local authority is . 
  the central government only caring about federal issues . 
  it 's actually the people who wrote romanian without thinking who assumed his origins, 
  neutral choice could 've been an eu flag . 
  cause you do n't carry two flags up a mountain, 
  i actually know someone called that irl . 
  it 's a really generic name, 
  this is actually a subtle compliment from you . 
  feels like you think we 're western europeans ... 
  shit , you 're right . 
  my whole life was a lie, 
  jews actually petitioned to * not * be considered a minority , just normal hungarians ( aka , they were against community minority rights , the same thing the other nations of hungary fought wars for ) . 
  as such i 'm pretty sure we 're right considering them hungarians . 
  that 's like , the least important part, 
   chiurto\u0219 kjurtos ... cute :p, 
  triggered, 
   came ~ ~ here ~ ~ for palinka ftfy, 
  in that case it 's an old word for village , btw, 
  he said beggars should n't be able to choose where they are housed , he said they should only get it where it happens to be and they will stay there, 
  true that, 
  well , i realize the same thing but i 'm on the other end of the scale . 
  i think there 's a need for a global state , and within that you can have the municipal level freedom ( within limits , of course ) . 
  i 'm a socialist , i think humanity should work together in an organized manner . 
  anarchy is a shit idea , because that ca n't be enforced , someone will just make a state and there 's your anarchy gone . 
  capitalism is an even shitter idea , especially with anarchy , they 'll just hire mercenaries and we 're in a global warlord era with random rich people having personal armies . 
  not great . 
   a loose term which incorporates mass migration the outsourcing of jobs in exchange for low prices , and few to no borders so globalism is n't about globalism actually , according to anti-globalists it 's just free trade and capitalism . 
  that makes a lot of sense i guess ? 
  why do n't they call their ideology for what it is then : protectionism ? 
  millions of divides and people who really should n't having a vote in local issues . 
  religious , ethnic , whatever else divides , add to that opportunistic politicians and real problems that people who do n't experience do n't understand . 
  and there you go : two parts of a country that loathe each other to death , basically . 
  and that gets worse the larger you get . 
  should someone from geneva have a direct say in some issue that mostly concerns z\u00fcrich ? 
  pretty sure i 'd say not . 
  and this gets more extreme the larger the area you take gets . 
  and i 'm not even talking about direct democracy 's greatest fault : that it 's slow and ineffective . 
  it 's great fun asking the people about shitty unimportant stuff , but try making a good democratic vote about whether we should proclaim the state of emergency or should we mobilize the military . 
  also , in time . 
  good luck with that . 
  thing is , knowing very well that brexit will lead to economic disaster , no politician will want to really do it . 
  i think they are playing the game where afterwards , they will say something like `` oh i only supported that because i am such a huge fan of democracy you know '' . 
  you have to understand that politics has nothing to do with actually caring about the people or what they want , it 's about `` how will i win the most supporters '', 
   because excluding a part of the electorate has worked so well in the past . 
  you ca n't not exclude parts of the electorate . 
   can not ignore the result of the referendum being this naive ... 
  yeah , but that is something that would work on , say , a municipal level . 
  there is no way a country-sized unit could vote responsibly without going down into massive factionalism , and eventually , probably civil war,
