  dude , this is the entire point . 
  that it 's not spoken . 
  therefore the meaning of it will not change . 
  you know how much an actual spoken language changes over time ? 
  a fuckton , that 's how much . 
  imagine that over time , the actual meaning of the constitution could change if you wrote it in a currently spoken language . 
  it 's not an uncommon occurrence for a word 's meaning to change to its opposite , for example . 
  imagine that happening to one of the words of the constitution . 
  crazy , right ? 
  i would rather settle for a solution that can simply not lead to complications . 
   when most voters wo n't be able to read it ? 
  well , first off , using the translation , second , by taking about 5 minutes using wiktionary to find out the meaning of each word , if it 's ambiguous in their language . 
  for how much mps are paid , it 's not unthinkable to ask them to do that . 
  if it was possible to do politically i would n't be opposed to making it obligatory for mps to speak latin . 
  at least they would n't put retards in parliament, 
   that would n't stop them from sending these candidates to their own countries , though that 's not a bad idea anyway . 
  yeah , but that also would n't stop every other party from doing the exact same thing , which in the end would mean that ( almost ) every candidate in a country would be from that country  countries smaller than that should get 3 mandates anyway , for plurality of representation . 
  nonono , that would be undemocratic ... i think a proportional system would be needed, 
   i 've stated several times already that the upper chamber would not be equal to the lower . 
  then what does it do . 
  if it can veto anything , it 's not necessary , if it can make laws on it 's own , that 's undemocratic as fuck . 
  you literally did n't tell me what it does , so i 'm just gon na assume that it does nothing , in which case it 's a waste of money . 
  so what does you extra chamber do ? 
   the latin one which hardly anyone could read ? 
  that 's just pure bullshit . 
  in certain countries like italy , latin is a mandatory subject in middle schools for example . 
  lawyers almost everywhere have to know latin already anyway ... and there are translators everywhere , especially in the eu which is basically the biggest employer of translators ever to exist ( or if it 's not then it 's gon na be ) and again , it is only necessary when someone appeals that the translated law is incorrect and then it 's rewritten to match the latin original as well as possible . . this is the exact same thing as you propose with english , except you use a different language , one that is not neutral ( actually it 's the language of two major rivals of the eu ) , and is not standardized for spelling or pronunciation , and is actually spoken in the eu , which means that you would give a massive advantage to its speakers , while making life harder for non-speakers . 
   then we 'd use oxford dictionary , or make a rule about settling for alphabetical order . 
  oxford dictionary is not actually an authority on language , and besides it is outside the eu so you would have to invite them in, 
   sheer power of numbers of the germans , the french , the italians and the british , so that poorer , smaller regions of europe ca n't be fucked over by the titans . 
  since great britain is not in the union anymore , the brits are not exactly a huge amount of people in the union anymore ... but anyway , none of the nations make up more than 20 % of the eu 's entire population ... no party will be successful by catering to only one or two group , so that 's kind of a moot point . 
  and these nations themselves are n't homogeneous either , so they will quite simply not vote as one block . 
  and the states themselves would have enough power to defend themselves against anything the federal government would do against them ...  that 's way too large to have an actual discussion with all members eh , anything above like 3 or 4 people is basically meaningless for a discussion . 
  whether it 's 300 or 500 ca n't make that much of a difference . 
   and how do we stop people from simply voting for `` their own '' ? 
  my only idea is to prohibit people from candidating in their own country . 
  every party has to have candidates from every country ? 
  ( region , as i would prefer the eu to be made up of regions , not countries , but you get the point ) if you have 27/28 countries then let 's say the first 45 or 50 people on a party 's list has to include one person from each country . 
  this way parties simply can not be nation-based . 
   because of the tyranny of majority and your solution to that is to make it also possible to create a tyranny of minority situation , too ... because that 's what you 're proposing with the extra chamber of parliament . 
  not solving the tyranny of majority , on in some special cases , but instead making it possible for minorities to block the majority to do anything ... not a great idea  inevitably result in different people getting different interpretations . 
  which is why there should be one version above all , which should be the latin one . 
  and before you ask , it would be perfectly enough for only the highest courts to know it , since the different interpretation problem would not come up in 99 % + of cases . 
  and to add to that , the exact same problem would arise with english , soo ...  we 'd just use british english . 
  there 's two problems with that , a. , britain is not in the union atm , so you 're basically picking a foreign country 's language , and b. , british english is not consistent in and of itself ( - ise / - ize & sulfur/sulphur ) ... so yeah , does n't sound like a good idea to me, 
  but i definitely do n't want nations having an influence in anything that actually matters . 
  then what is the point of the other house , whatever the states wanted to on the federal level , they can just make them local instead ... 
   and without it , ireland , the baltics , portugal , scandinavia , the balkans , malta and luxembourg would have almost no voice in the eu . 
  ideally , they should n't either . 
  power should come from only the people , not from the pretty much arbitrarily drawn borders  the entire western europe would bitch and moan about it being tu difikoolt . 
  what ? 
  memorizing two or three names of institutions in latin would be too difficult ? 
  which you probably would n't need to do anyway since everything can and will be translated ? 
  the purpose of latin is to be neutral , that does n't mean that you ca n't translate everything -- the average person would n't need to know a word of it , maybe stuff like lawyers , but they usually speak it regardless and the absolute worst part of using english would be the fact that it has no standardized version , even , so you 'd have to make it first , which would be a shitshow of `` which spelling should we use '' and all that . 
  this would just give veto power to smaller groups of people , thereby blocking progress and it 's arguably undemocratic too because of this . 
  as for naming , the name should obviously be in latin , so if the state is called confoederatio europaea , then the parliament should be called accordingly the parlamentum confoederationis europeaea ... i highly doubt that any language besides latin should be used for naming institutions . 
  this way the names wo n't have to change if the lingua franca changes and it wo n't have to change if the language itself changes , since latin wo n't change unlike every spoken language, 
   the federation is composed of states , and the states ' interests should be represented in the legislative process the thing is , that would not do that . 
  the other chamber of the parliament would just either sit around doing nothing ( best scenario ) , or it would allow for shady decisions with no popular support . . the only way a legislative branch should ever work is proportional representation of the population . 
  otherwise you will get a bunch of problems like gerrymandering or the aforementioned no popular support decisions ... ( see cgp grey 's british election video for example , the situation would be similar )  the current arrangement of degressive representation in parliament is lacklustre at best and should be done away with in my opinion . 
  definitely . 
  the current parliament is a joke ninja edit : instead of another chamber of parliament , i would instead give the states themselves a bit of legislative power , a bit of leeway to make their own laws and stuff , and their own parliaments, 
  two quick thoughts : 1 bicameralism is not needed at all , unicameral ftw , the other one is a complete waste of money and time while most likely its only function would be to uphold an old conservative order . 
  2 ministry of education must be pan-european , no doubt . 
  if not the one of basic education , that is still okayish , but the ministry of upper education unquestionably should be pan-european . . along with scientific academias btw . . 
   i ca n't remember any occasion where i deliberately went out of my way to insult you . 
   `` your ideology keeps you from having an open mind '' please do n't play dumb  at this point i do n't even know what we 're arguing about . 
  whether there should be regulations in the market or not, 
   accusations and name-calling . 
  you 're just as guilty of that as i am, 
   i made and example for illustrative purposes . 
  no , you made a strawman  your ideology keeps you from having an open mind you know , open mind = / = agreeing with you  you resort to shrugging your shoulders . 
  it 's what you do when your arguments are basically `` respect the free market '' ... i do n't , no , stop having shoving this pseudo-religious shit in my face . 
  you sounded like a jehovah 's witness or something there . 
   every good or service should be subsidised i never said that  ca n't blame the market for failing the market does n't fail because of regulations  there 's a reason neoliberalism became a thing after 1929 , after all . 
  who cares . 
  i 'm not into either kind of economic liberalism . 
  what you 're basically saying is that your ideology is almost classical liberalism but we put a few fixes in so it does n't go to shit immediately, 
   are n't able to survive on the market in the long term . 
  that is not the point of them . 
  this is not an argument . 
  the point is to make people able to afford things . 
  no one gives a shit whether a business can survive in the cold , free market because we 're not aiming to make a free market in the first place . 
  if we are , then we 're just mindless idealists that worship free market capitalism as the all-giving god , in which case i 'd rather you be religious or something ... 
   both minimum wage and price caps heavily distort market allocation of labour and capital . 
  i do n't care . 
  this is capitalism , basically the only way it could ever be good ( ish ) is by heavily regulating and `` distorting '' it ... and how am i refuting myself in the next sentence ? 
  competition is also something that the state needs to take care of and maintain it so that there 's no monopoly ... `` natural '' capitalism ultimately ends in some shithead getting monopoly, 
   as corporations pass the cost of the tax on to workers , then products , that 's what minimum wage and price caps are for ... but even that is only needed if there 's no competition in the market , which would be a disaster pretty much, 
   is n't the solution that we need today we do n't * need * either solution at this very moment , society is very much a working whole without them too . 
  this is about long term planning  who 's gon na work when they can live off ubi ? 
  who 's gon na work when they can live off nit ? 
  but anyway the answer is that if too few people worked then prices would go up and therefore stuff would be less affordable and therefore there would be more incentive to work ... i do n't think it 's that hard to think through  how 're we gon na finance it ? 
  how would we finance the nit ? 
  but anyway we would obviously tax the rich , tax companies , etc. 
  and/or state capitalism  nit will have to do . 
  you make it like nit is somehow clean and well known to work . . it 's not . 
  it would be just as much a leap into the unknown as ubi, 
  i still do n't see the appeal over ubi . 
  ubi is much cleaner and is actually a solution to the insane amount of unemployment that is bound to happen .
