  only started learning it formally in 9th grade , however i 've been speaking it since basically kindergarten . 
  i have a certification that i speak it at c1 level , the only reason i did n't do c2 is because it 's not available in town  german i studied german in elementary school for 6 years . 
  i also have a b1 certificate , though by now my knowledge is shaky at best  italian i study italian since i dropped german , for 3 years now . 
  i can comfortably hold a conversation in it . 
   french i 'm kind of learning it as a hobby , since it 's so close to italian it 's fairly easy for me . 
  though i probably make a lot of mistakes because of italian  spanish & other romance languages i can understand them pretty well . 
  ca n't speak a word though , i usually just reply in italian because it 's close enough, 
  could n't be farther from the truth . 
  maybe in like villages , where the communists could n't really enforce anything , otherwise womens ' status is on par with the west or i would even go as far as to say that it 's better, 
  washington , oregon or cali . 
  red vs blue is almost the same as shitty - non-shitty , so it hard to say it does n't matter, 
  nope , but there are loads of villages and town prefixed with the word magyar - , which means `` hungarian '' . 
  the most well known is moson * magyar * \u00f3v\u00e1r and possibly * magyar * kanizsa . 
  the latter is in serbia though , so it probably does n't count, 
  tbh the worship of the actual god as god is creepy enough , the flag worship is secondary in terms of creepiness, 
  probably too early , but whatever . 
  could be worse . 
   i was simply pointing out at the hipocrisy of those peeps , sweetheart . 
  and i was simply pointing out that you did n't point that out , since as i said , those people do n't watch porn at all most of the time . 
   p.s. 
  conservative is n't equal to homophoby homophobic is a subgroup of conservative though, 
  idk either handball or water polo, 
  it 's because conservative people do n't watch porn at all . 
  frankfurter soup . 
  the one that has sausage in it, 
  colonizing space should n't start yet . 
  not until we manage to unify this planet at least . 
  * mocskos d\u00f6g * ( dirty < insult towards animal  ), 
  then you 're gon na love english . 
  yes , cause i love languages . 
  i would probably learn it without moving to ireland even , if i had the time : /, 
  i felt like i should type out an answer but then realized that this is basically the comment i would 've typed anyway, 
  that 's the same with the uk 's subdivisions, 
  was about to say that . 
   wales , scotland , england , and northern ireland are all officially considered countries though . 
  so are the ** paisos ** catalans, 
  because the uk is a bunch of whiny cunts and they somehow deserve special treatment . 
  i 'm more bothered by the fact that you made the annex aosta , which in turn makes the border disgusting there, 
  not really , they really were n't, 
  i do n't think anyone ever cared about how some random people in other parts of the world called the country . 
  definitely the second , lol . 
  yeah no . 
  the script is already depressing , the tune just fits to the script . 
  if you speed it up you 'll just end up making it also sound retarded, 
  it 's horribly depressing, 
  not really . 
  you can choose many great locations for it . 
  you just need to avoid the obvious bad choices like auschwitz . 
  i feel like most people would accept anything because who cares, 
  because the whole point of europe is the history . 
  you really want to make a city with zero history to be the capital ? 
  strasbourg , munich , milan , vienna . . one of these . 
  perhaps the hague ? 
  or hamburg ? 
  ew , no . 
  paris is the eternal symbol of centralization , which is something we should be trying our best to avoid, 
  i was gon na say just that, 
  a capital is not really more than a few buildings though . 
  it could be in the middle of nowhere even . 
  it 's just more practical for it to be in a city, 
  do n't . 
  some religious institution . 
  i do n't get the people who think that making it a civic institution was a good idea . 
  they 're just the agglomeration of paris, 
  way too many things happened to even summarize . 
  basically the country got invaded from all directions , and the period saw 4 fundamentally different regimes change in quick succession . 
  i 'm not referring to the split of the ah empire , since that was literally just a document that charles iv signed and that was it, 
  i like any more `` down-to-earth '' sounding accents . 
  the more pretentious and formal , the less likable, 
  right wing people usually say the other is `` not ( properly ) hungarian '' , while left-wingers prefer to use `` magyarkod\u00f3 '' , which could be translated as something like that the other is `` hungarianing around '' ... 
  germany , though i think hungary 's one is still a million times more interesting . 
  what do you mean specifically ? 
  tbqh the most interesting is 1918-1921 . it 's a typical example of the `` in some weeks , decades happen '' phenomenon, 
  pls . 
  it 's being tiring to get by without the extra money coming from austria, 
  it 's a thing . 
  there 's nothing more to it . 
  if you do n't speak the language then you 're definitely not hungarian, 
  you can see the flair text on mobile too , which says `` portugal '' in his case, 
  most beautiful : kaposv\u00e1r ugliest : miskolc i 'm only looking at the places i 've been to though , \u00d3zd or tatab\u00e1nya or duna\u00fajv\u00e1ros is probably uglier . 
  we call usb sticks `` pendrive '' . 
  all the other naming conventions are simply dumb ( `` usb-kulcs '' , `` tollmeghajt\u00f3 '' , etc ) also , i think most people ( including me ) call hdds `` winchester '' , just because . 
  even though `` merevlemez '' ( literally ` hard drive ' ) is a valid alternative, 
  same, 
  i try to avoid looking at any sort of traditional media . 
  no cause it costs a shitton compared to how much it 's worth visiting . 
  paris , london , venice , rome , istanbul , berlin , st petersburg , athens and many others are a lot closer and are more worth the trip . 
  as long as you speak the language perfectly , yeah . 
  first off it 's not / x / it 's / \u03c7 / , secondly , there are at least four sounds in arabic that you can describe as a `` phlegm sound '' , and the dutch g is none of them . 
  / r/badlinguistics, 
  nope , it most likely would annoy the hell out of me though, 
   not tankcsapda - adjon az \u00e9g reeee that said though , pretty much all songs from tankcsapda are worth listening to, 
  it 's pronounced `` van gog '' . . if i pronounced it like the dutch do then my throat would break or something, 
  honestly , i agree with that, 
  i agree with this a lot . 
  i went to italy for example , it 's amazing, 
  only revolutions can help africa . 
   not sajtos-tejf\u00f6l\u00f6s heretic, 
  there 's a very obvious reason for this particular word , and that 's that it has a very obvious `` k '' sound at the end , which is ultimately a slavic diminutive suffix . 
  which makes it really unlikely at the end -  would they put the diminutive onto their own word for five , or the basically identically-sounding greek word ?
