  sounds good to me, 
  you accidentally posted it twice, 
   if they come from romania to us then they are romanian lol k, 
   kossuth you know who else kossuth called traitor ? 
  g\u00f6rgey , one of the best generals in the army , to whom kossuth gave all the power when he did n't know what the fuck to do anymore . 
  then he called him a traitor for surrendering . 
  so yeah , `` evil kossuth called us traitors '' is not exactly a good reason . 
   ethnic cleansing what the fuck do you guys learn in school ? 
  you realize that many slovaks participated in this so called `` ethnic cleansing '' of yours ? 
  you realize that there were schools for minorities , and up until lex apponyi they were n't even required to learn hungarian . 
  local asshole nationalist teachers existed yes , so the laws were n't always kept to say the least , but calling the whole process `` ethnic cleansing '' is ridiculous . 
  do i need to mention how much worse minorities in say , france had it at the time ? 
  or even next door in austria ? 
  or germany ? 
  you had pretty much royal treatment compared to that shit . . and before you jump at me for supporting magyarization , no i do n't support magyarization , it was a stupid idea . 
  and to tell , there were parties that wanted to help minorities out even more . 
  ever heard of the social democrats ? 
  yeah they supported the whole , diverse country thing so much that they used `` magyarorsz\u00e1gi '' instead of the usual `` magyar '' in their name ( hungary 's or ` in hungary , versus `` hungarian '' ) ... 
  but of course , they too deserved it . 
  because ethnic cleansing . 
  totally , yes . 
  not really . 
  he called accepting the compromise stupid and thought that it would lead to hungarians assimilating into germans entirely , eliminating hungarian culture altogether this complete paranoia of assimilation was a recurring theme in those years , kind of stupid tbh, 
  hungarians outnumbered romanians like 5 or 6 times . 
  who the fuck would 've chosen them, 
  karma for what ? 
  you realize that the \u010cernova thingy was mostly done by actual slovaks ? 
  well that 's a pretty important date anyway . 
  no , the popovici proposal was not multi-national . 
  it was actually worse than the preexisting stuff . 
  why ? 
  many smaller nationalist oppressions , instead of a few large ones , would be much more thorough with killing every minority culture or anything else they deem unacceptable . 
  the very concept of ethno-national state was unapplicable to the clusterfuck that was ah , that 's why there was [ this actually awesome proposal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_personal_autonomy ) . 
  which would 've been a million times better than whatever was going on . 
  but unfortunately with ah gone , the idea also went down the shitter . 
  which is kind of a shame , because the same idea , applied to the eu could make an awesome multinational country . 
  ( anyone interested please pm me ), 
  the problem with szechenyi was that he did n't speak hungarian ( not well anyway ) . 
  he would 've been an excellent leader , but nobody would 've accepted him . 
  he was incredibly forward-thinking though . 
  i would take a stab that even the minorities would 've liked him . 
  the empire never was neutral to start with though, 
  only the czechs and poles would 've been possible . 
  all the others would 've gone down the shitters because the other nationalisms were much more based on `` lets take as much land as possible '' . 
  i do n't honestly think the romanians slovaks and serbs could even think of an acceptable proposal at all . 
  just look at what happened irl , incredibly stupid and unacceptable borders . 
  something like the 1st vienna award territory minus bratislava would 've been acceptable , but that would never have been enough for the slovaks, 
   basically leaving hungary semi-independent but one of the important aspects of the compromise was that hungary had no say in foreign policy ( such as the declaration of war in 1914 ) , but of course the entente gave zero fucks because apparently we were responsible for it because the name hungary was in there . 
   imo , we should have sided with the hungarians , watch austria destroy itself in the revolution and then hope to god almighty that the russians decide that we are n't worth the trouble . 
  yeah , the collective revolutions could 've easily succeeded in the entire empire had some * great minds * not sided with the habsburgs . 
  this way everyone in the empire got neoabsolutism and barely anything changed . 
  we have a wonderful word for this in hungarian called * frakci\u00f3z\u00e1s * ( fractioning up/playing fractions/whatever ) . 
  basically instead of forming a united front , people started going against each other , basically helping the habsburgs only , not even themselves . 
  so which is the one that 's supposed to be good ? 
  ca n't really tell, 
  it was not given automatically to croatia , instead it was a 3rd separate unit in the kingdom . 
  it 's not exactly tyrannical for the country to reserve a port for itself which is n't directly the autonomous croats . 
  the city btw had considerable hungarian population at the time as well , so it 's also not like it was arbitrarily chosen, 
  kossuth was pretty much a dick , at least from what i 've learned in history classes . 
  i prefer * liberated and integrated back into civilization *, 
  there are some more . 
  there 's '' - stul '' , '' - ente '' etc. 
  its a rag , and its a case . 
  wikipedia doesnt list it as a case because its the same suffix as the dative ( although thy arent the same usually but whatever ) the wiki lists additional `` pseudo-cases '' like that one which bring up the total number of cases to 25 . 
  also , the possessive has 12 forms , which also combine with almost every other case so its not as simple as just the cases, 
  yeah . 
  it already is the same way with denmark and its municipalities for example . 
  no one complains that denmark takes away the municipalities ' rights or whatever . 
  so at that point it could as well be the same across the eu , it wouldnt make much of a difference in local power, 
  that is not at all contrary to european federalism . 
  those arent the same, 
  i dont know why youre being downvoted here , i agree with this statement sadly the people who make up the core of federalists dont realize that the nationality of europeans wont just change because of eu federalism , and they cant even grasp a concept wherein a state isnt exactly one nation . 
  pretty sure its a thing in most of eastern europe, 
  sure , but austria and hungary were separate entities , its just that only austria was allowed to handle the foreign policy . 
  yeah, 
  you broke the chain !!, 
  now whos gon na do the last verse huh ? 
   austria-hungary represented as one triggered . 
  that 's true for pretty much any place . 
  either a revolution or that the ruling class fears a revolution enough, 
  except it was ? 
  this was posted here like a week ago . 
  seriously, 
  yeah , but i already doubted before i started using reddit . 
  so no , the evil reddit did n't tell me to believe that . 
  btw it 's pretty fucking obvious . 
  it 's already pretty fucking hard to actively be against the government here , in russia it is definitely even worse, 
  yes, 
  in what world is protesting evil ? 
  we 're literally praising the opposition . 
  who are - guess what ? 
  - russians, 
  that there are people with different opinions and they dare voice them ? 
  the map was already posted here not so long ago, 
  well that 's their problem . 
  probably also was n't a golden age for china , but why is that hungary 's problem ? 
   `` mu\u00df sein '' i believe it 's spelt `` muss sein '' :p otherwise yeah , but these do n't apply to 80 % + of the occasions where j/ly appears, 
  fiume is enough i 'd say, 
  fiume is enough i 'd say, 
  i think you misspelt taszil\u00f3 mikl\u00f3s , famous hungarian inventor,
