  it was pointless and resulted in war , so it deserves the hate, 
   a territory of 7 million romanians under hungarian rule with only 1.6 million hungarians in it at the time there were 2.8 million romanians there, 
  magyarization was shit , yeah , but that did n't really make the country not a democracy . 
  everyone * was * equal , it was just that ( according to the values of the french revolution ) no one , including minorities could have extra rights . 
  which , mind you , is still in effect in france , so by that logic france is n't a democracy . 
  france also oppressed their minorities the same way hungary did , while being a democracy . 
  check the first part :  [ . . ] on april 11 ( 1848 ) vienna approved the decision of the pressburg parliament , which declared the union of the `` two brotherly homelands '' [ . . ]  the hungarian people could really celebrate , because with some conditions , the representatives of the saxon nation also agreed , and the greek orthodox romanian top priest also gave his approval in the name of his nation . 
  damn , your arguments are clearly superior, 
   there was no forced annexation bullshit . 
  romania literally declared war , occupied most of the country , then french authorities who 've never seen the area decided where romania ends . 
  that was forced in every sense of the word  like the 1.2 hungarians were the only ones living there sure , 2.8 million romanians and 1.6 hungarians ( 54 % and 32 % respectively ) . 
  and that 's not transylvania , since romania took much more than just transylvania . . 
   magyars did try to get transilvania ( romanian majority ) into hungary transylvania was merged in 1848 with hungary . 
   of course romanians and germans would prefer the vienna rulers there were actual germans from vienna who fought for the hungarian revolution after the vienna revolution was put down . 
  pretty sure there were romanians too  then magyars started killing romanian civilians , not cool at all romanians also killed hungarians in big numbers , did you even look at the wiki page you linked ? 
  yeah , it was kinda dumb . 
  there were many germans for example who fought for hungary btw , both from hungary and from other german countries like leiningen-westerburg who was from hesse . 
  the problem was that nationalist dick weaving was apparently more important for people than the actual reforms , so they went and in order to prevent a hungarian victory went on and gave up the reforms ... like seriously wtf, 
  now that 's just clearly impossible , isnt it ? 
  you are arguing that hungarian diplomats take part in the celebrations on romanias national day ... 
  it is though , unless you mean like nominal republics like north korea, 
  oh yeah , they sided with the habsburgs , and by going directly against hungary made themselves look like traitors , giving the best reasons for magyarization ... ( not defending the thing btw , before salty romanians step in ), 
   you 're expected to realize that fighting over territory does n't get anyone anywhere this is quite ironic to post while defending a national day which is also about fighting for territory, 
  he lives in the reality where the disorganized petty rulers of transylvania prior to 895 are * all romanian * ( in reality they were mostly bulgarians ) , and that they 're somehow comparable to a nation state like romania . 
  in which case of course transylvania was not * originall part of hungary * . 
  though of course the historical accuracy is comparable to a communist-era textbook on 1956, 
  romania annexed a territory that 's larger than what remained of hungary , with some 1.6 million hungarian inhabitants at the time . 
  still today , 1.2 million hungarians live in the annexed territories, 
   no one should even have national days yeah . 
  that would actually be great . 
  only leave europe day ( s ) and there you go . 
  beautiful idea, 
  well even a constitutional monarchy is a democracy ... 
  think you meant to reply to someone else, 
  so we 're gon na see some dicks being eaten regardlesd of the outcome ? 
  53 days, 
  dont worry about it < 3, 
  your reasoning was that they 're `` established practice '' , which is a logical fallacy, 
  thats right . 
  pls take us back we need the investment money . . 
  hey that is really sweet  good to hear . 
  got any pictures of the celebration ? 
  by the russians as well , not the habsburgs, 
  dont know who that is, 
  the one where the slovaks preferred the habsburg absolutism over hungarian democracy, 
  i said your reasoning was shit , i dont give a crap what you hunt with . 
  you could slay them with axes for all i care . 
  just dont do the logical fallacies please, 
  budapest isnt really representative of the entire country . 
  people do rent there , but often just so they can work there , all while living with the family in another town , who naturally own the house . 
   what would you say the average wage after taxes is in hungary ? 
  about 180-200 thousand , or 580-640 eur . 
  but we are talking about average citizens . 
  so not the type that can afford a rent or even would consider it . 
  which again comes down to just what i said . 
  you 're comparing the earnings of an average person with the lifestyle from the richest areas . 
  literally no one rents houses , that 's so irrelevant, 
  not really . 
  maybe if you compare earnings from bivalybaszn\u00e1d-als\u00f3 with prices in central budapest ( or whichever part is the most expensive ), 
   established practice that 's just shitty reasoning . 
  should anti-semitism become established practice , would you also support legislation to help its practice ? 
  hungary lower than romania ... 
  right . 
  smells like bullshit, 
  the police does n't hurt you obviously , but as state authorities they are never to be trusted ever . 
  unless they are a bit disloyal towards the state in the sense that they value citizens over the state , which is more of a trait individual policemen can have, 
  you get shit politicians either way . 
   who are not allowed to go to school you are retarded, 
  because they can hurt you ? 
   1150-2250 e that fine should have a few more zeroes after it tbh, 
  holy shit , agreed . 
  i have to disagree there . 
  they look pretty ok . my town has a shitload of the painted things , and i have to say they look very ` ok ', 
  that would fit better for a group including the netherlands probably, 
  relevant flair, 
  if that is n't against some international convention , then it should be . 
  oh , right , okay, 
  no idea, 
  what ? 
  very good post , eye-opening, 
  i knew a very western turkish girl who grew up in konya . 
  they moved to izmir later though which i can understand tbh, 
  you genuinely cant tell apart goverments from people right ? 
  you realize you hold no damn power over anything , unless youre in the government, 
  why tf would they ? 
  nope , the altaic theory has been largely disproven, 
  kek, 
  it 's not . 
  i think most people preferred trains , which is why the flights were discontinued . 
  i do n't understand your question, 
  so , as i said , the normal , natural state of things, 
  tickets were likely dirt cheap, 
  balkan is n't a melting pot , it 's just how nations are naturally mixed . 
  we used to . 
  there used to be an old kleptomaniac lady called [ ` rep\u00fcl\u0151s gizi ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gizella_bodn%c3%a1r ) who used to use the domestic flights to steal in one place and go back home quick so she could n't get caught . 
  well even you have to admit that the reason the wealth is well distributed now , is because we managed to keep it that way since communism , not because it improved at any point in time . 
  hungary in 1945 was n't nearly as equal as it is today , and it had no way of getting here either without communism . 
  hard truth , i know , but making nobles work in the fields is a wonderful way of creating equality, 
  executivemonkey is well known to be a troll/joke poster, 
  had to read it twice to find the one word that mattered,
