  people tend to be more federalistic when exposed to such a massive internarional community , realizing that theres a world outside their little national bubble, 
  the color scheme is totally neutral though, 
   what about any possible kids ? 
  they can be told to declare who is responsible before the kid 's born, 
  at 17 here, 
  i love how they do n't even bother to tell his political affiliation . 
  and another one : communism seriously though, 
   eastern europe usually carries a negative meaning so basically what you 're saying is , that it 's wonderfully accurate ? 
  budapest is too far away to matter tbh, 
  yay , only the second worst color, 
  why is everything insanely badass in iceland ? 
  assuming it referred to syphilis ( might be a different disease ) , it used to be called `` franc '' , which also means `` french '' . 
  well if you consider sanctions a weaker form of bombing , then great britain in ww2 would be great example . 
  it would actually be pretty neat if politicians and other higher ups would have to know latin , because it would make it harder for absolute idiots to get in, 
  well its a pretty logical choice . . with the paleo girl one could make way more babies to pass on the genetic code , plus the existing knowledge you 'd carry over would give you massive advantages ( especially if youre a bit strong as well ) , which you could also teach to your kids . 
   people put too much importance on politics . 
  unlike the others here , i agree with you on this . 
  people will live their lives regardless of politics , what politics does plays a minor part in it . 
  ugly ass papal enclave as well . 
   polish corridor still in place low energy, 
  well in 1000 , that was true for pretty much every feudal country, 
  still , would love to see per capita, 
  against who does france defend itself ? 
  against who does any non-baltic eu country need an army at all ? 
  yeah , the second vienna award was waaay before that ( 1941 ) . . 
  i mean the soviets were pushing hard in hungary by the time sz\u00e1lasi came to power , they already pushed past most of transylvania, 
  bout time, 
  it 's eastern europe, 
   diacritics on consonants blasphemy, 
  yeah , now that i think about it , by the time sz\u00e1lasi got to power transylvania was already occupied by the soviets anyway . 
  would love to see per capita as well . 
   how exactly do some people decide if someone is a jew and target them under the fascists , it meant that if you or any of your parents or grandparents were judaists . 
  converts do n't matter , they said if one was born a jew they 're always a jew  but sometimes this does n't make sense you take any definition of race , of races , i can guarantee you that it will make no sense . 
  if there 's a concept that 's only there to make arbitrary distinctions and claim they matter , it 's race . 
   destroy christian societies since when is that bad ? 
  you can be an atheist and say on the census that you 're a jew, 
   deported all those without hungarian citizenship yeah , they were 16-18 thousand , and got brutally massacred by the nazis at kamianets-podolskyi , which made horthy stop the whole thing altogether . 
   hungary 's horty government horthy 's policy was actually the reason many jews survived the holocaust in hungary , especially in budapest . 
  you 're thinking of the fascists , sz\u00e1lasi and szt\u00f3jay, 
  do n't you mean sz\u00e1lasi ? 
  szt\u00f3jay was still only the preamble to the horrors and idiocy of sz\u00e1lasi, 
   why per capita '' ? 
  because , say , one million people is a completely different number when you apply it to china and when you apply it to sweden . 
  per capita ? 
  i highly doubt that, 
  this . 
  and even the regions are each a superstate of the administrative division below them , and so on and so on until the municipality or parish . 
  it 's actually the other way round usually . 
  the regions usually had their own little identity thing which was only later turned into a more or less unified nation, 
  the eu is n't a super state unfortunately, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  hollywood has relevance in europe . 
  99 % of north american universities dont, 
  the eastern block is the second world , the third is countries like somalia , iraq , syria , the us , you know ... places where people shoot at you for no reason, 
  it 's not, 
   the government declares immigration as the sole solution good thing that 's not true for russia at fucking all . 
   can you name a single non-biased american news site ? 
  the onion, 
  no one is forcing anyone to make their kids watch it . 
   north america stopped reading there . 
  go to some north american sub , no one cares about that shit here, 
  showing homosexuality is not propaganda . 
  propaganda is when it 's aimed to change peoples ' political views . 
  sexuality is n't political, 
  since when are countries untouchable ? 
  or serbia in real life in 1945, 
  yeah , the comment you replied to did, 
  ah , the putin-tested method, 
  prague is farther west than vienna , your argument makes no sense that way . 
  put it in warsaw then , or budapest, 
  this sovereignty fetishism is stupid . 
  your life does n't change a bit with the lost national sovereignty, 
  austria was n't at all neutral before the anschluss ... a better example would be belgium being neutral in ww1, 
  yup , knew it . 
   gezi park that sounds a lot like `` geci park '' which would mean `` cum park '' in hungarian, 
  glad to be part of the 1 %, 
  i thought they spoke franco-provencal in aosta ? 
  me neither , i just knew that one . 
  ( in case i ever have to talk to someone in russian , which i highly doubt will happen but you never know ), 
  ... it sounds exactly the same as the russian one, 
   you romanian !, 
  :p you joke about that but there are legit people who use that as an insult unironically, 
  yeah yeah they usually consider themselves strongly sz\u00e9kely but then again they never claim its a separate nationality from hungarian . 
  though there definitely are sz\u00e9kely redditors here so i would ask them about this, 
  well its kinda debated whether or not romanians were included in the `` hungarian '' part ... since john hunyadi and other wallachian nobles were considered that , also that it was created when the joint hungarian-romanian revolt was defeated , in which case it would make sense to lump them together ... 
  it 's been repealed . 
  the point was that everyone whose education was paid by the state would 've had to work like 20 years or sth in hungary or they 'd have to pay the whole tuition, 
  so almost every moment, 
  sz\u00e9kely is n't the same as hungarians . 
  as a rule of thumb sz\u00e9kelys are catholics while the rest of hungarians are either greek catholic or protestant . 
  also you know , ever heard of the unio trium nationum where they were officially different nations, 
  nobody believes that from romanians either ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i replied to a comment saying  `` would n't there need to be a war for there to be war crimes ? '', 
  yeah obviously it 's way better to just emigrate or renounce your citizenship and avoid it that way . 
  but that prison time does n't sound that bad either . 
  idk , write a book maybe ? 
  basically anything that requires shittons of time continuously, 
  it does . 
  i was talking about like the government , orders some military unit or whatever to kill citizens , that 's a war crime to me but maybe that 's just me . 
  it would , but there at least i have time to do something that 's actually worth the effort , and not slaving away for the governments shit,
