  nobody really cares about them . 
  even jobbik has better shit to do usually, 
  was n't he killed ? 
  ` trust ' , as in , they will do their job without complaining, 
   a la turkey i do n't think that 's the best example, 
  you could squirt bornholm and r\u00fcgen . 
  that 's not much if you ask me . 
  you should probably see a doctor . 
  even florida managed a cuba, 
  it 's not that they ca n't become europeans . 
  european is more of a cultural concept i think , it 's mostly about upholding western values , and i know many of these `` towelheads '' who do that . 
  hell , one of the best people i know in person is a lebanese immigrant, 
  that depends on the children , not me . 
  being french = / = being accepted in france if i went there as a hungarian i would most likely accepted there , even though i would never become french ( and would n't want to either ) stop putting nationality behind everything , you can be a valuable and accepted part of a community without being of the same nationality, 
  integrating = / = being french, 
  i used to know someone who flied those things . 
  they 're pretty cool , yeah , though i 'm not much of an expert in warplanes, 
  clearly gta 5 is haram if the glorious sultan still uses gta 4 . 
  i read 20 aks at first and i was like ` yeah that sounds like hungarian military strength ' and then i saw the `` k '' . 
  lol, 
  yeah totally not because we helped you out and supported you during the war, 
   thorlacius  thor fucking hell iceland is still norse ? 
  jelasic is a traitor, 
  so basically that means it 's hungarian then , okay . 
   goulash is slovak or romanian you are now banned from / r/hungary, 
  jesus christ dude , nsfl that shit, 
  that 's gta 5 not 4, 
  no , look at a map please . 
  i think he means all the german ones combined are roughly the same as the habsburg occupation zone, 
  stabbing in the back would imply that we were allies or trused each other in some way , which is clearly not true . 
  well idk i never lived in germany , here in hungary just in my town i know of multiple people who are 2nd generation immigrant and neither parent was born here , and nobody ever even questioned them if they 're hungarian . 
  idk how they identify and honestly could n't care less . 
  they 're here and they blend in perfectly , they do n't need to become hungarian by identity if they want to live here . 
  for example a high school here is led by a croatian and no one gives a shit . 
  ( not sure if he was born here though ) . 
  of course if they were assholes and did n't blend in well or behaved terribly then everybody would hate them ( like it is true for many gypsies ) , but those that do n't do bullshit like that get into the community easily . 
   well , they they were your neighbours ... france and germany were neighbors too , so ? 
  i mean seriously what did they do , other than being hostile all the time ? 
   geocache goddammit , are you that teacher of mine ? 
  i ca n't get a break from this shit , can i ? 
  because in america this is unavoidable . 
  you ca n't not become american , it 's forced on you against your choice . 
  if i had a kid there , for them it would be almost impossible to escape the label `` american '' , even if he does n't want it . 
  the best he could get is `` x-american '' , which is fucking ridiculous . 
  in america they take whatever unique identity you would or could and put you in this disgusting huge blob named `` americans '' and there 's nothing you can do to escape . 
  i take the european model over this at any time , which is that we leave your culture alone and let you be yourself . 
  and if you want , and only if you want , you can become part of this nationality , but it takes work and shit . 
  yay , let 's shittalk millions of people , most of which you did n't meet . 
   you will never be german aaaand ? 
  you realize that ethnicity is n't inclusive , right ? 
  that does n't mean you ca n't integrate into their society , that means that you will never be german . 
  this is n't nazi germany , you can live in germany and be respected without having to be german . 
    turks are different from europeans though  european is not an ethnicity . 
  what ? 
  so you can only be different by having a different ethnicity ? 
  that 's the most american thing i 've heard in a while, 
  the fuck does he mean we stabbed them in the back ? 
  we never meant to be friendly to them , and there 's no scenario where they would deserve it either edit : seriously , downvotes ? 
  he asked , i only wanted to laugh it out on my own, 
   hungary have stabbed czechs in the back lol . 
  yeah , but elected representatives actually have responsibility . 
  in a direct democracy you have a bunch of people with no responsibility whatsoever . 
  they will never be punished for a bad decision , even if they would deserve it . 
  secondly , elected people are better because they are people who are agreed and trusted to be capable of decision making . 
  your fellow citizens are n't agreed or trusted in such matters and never will be . 
  and thirdly , in any given area there will be some sort of differences regionally/ethnically/religiously and that will inevitably lead to riots after every single controversial vote . 
  and most of the time it 's better to have elected members from all sides have an agreement themselves rather than get the citizens to fight it out . 
  that 's different though , working for the local council , versus to work for a company, 
  what ? 
  no , trying to appeal to voters that would otherwise not vote for you is populism, 
  populism is hell of a drug for politicians, 
  you realize that politicians always look for new ways to make themselves more popular , right ? 
  no , i 'm not saying that . 
  i 'm saying that majority language is a completely disjoint thing from state language and it is harmful to everyone if you start merging the two terms . 
  just do n't , please . 
  you are saying that using anything other than the official language to refer to a city has irredentist connotations , unless said city has a unique name in english ( like the hague , copenhagen or naples ) . 
  for some reason this also does n't apply to kiev according to you . 
  but that has nothing to do with majority language . 
  take for example odorheiu , romania . 
  a whopping 2,5 % of the population speaks romanian there . 
  obviously you use the romanian name because it 's in romania , but can we stop pretending that it 's the majority somehow because it 's in that country ? 
  that 's not how things work, 
   papist oh yeah the youth festival . 
  anything centered at young people and made by politicians is a brainwash festival and sane people do n't attend it in my opinion . 
   in the pronunciation of the current native language in the area now this is really really bad . 
  first off there 's no such thing as native language of the area , that is in itself an incredibly ignorant thing to believe . 
  many places are multilingual , and there are places that are monolingual * in the language of the irredentists * . 
  majority language was not the wisest thing to bring up here , this tradition has nothing to do with majority language nd it never will , it has to do with state language . 
  a leftist definitely is looking for nationalist votes - looking to attract voters from outside his voterbase, 
  destruction of a 5000yo thing can be labeled many things , including a tragedy for the entire human race , as such labeling it only national is clearly shortsigted and almost certainly for political gain . 
  probably to gain nationalist supporters . 
  you can express genuine bad feelings without putting anything about any nation ( which is itself something created for political reasons , and beneficial almost exclusively for political purposes ) . 
  english is one of the few languages without an official written standard , there 's hardly much to ` know ' here . 
  there 's tradition and that 's it . 
  well i guess i can understand because there 's volcanoes there and the kurils , and i also like cold places ...  coming back from krakow i see :p / s i have no idea what you mean by that, 
  is the ap stylebook the bible of english spelling or what ? 
  are n't they the ones who did n't allow the spelling ` today ' until very recently ? 
  oh , well that makes more sense . 
  you mean petropavlovsk kamchatskiy ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's a lot of soviet infrastructure on the inside and a lot of woods outside .
