  yeah , unfortunately . 
  as a highschooler it 's actually mandatory to go and celebrate . 
  pretty annoying tbh , because you have to sleep through the school celebration on the last schoolday before the national day then the school expects you to go to the official celebration on the main square too , on the day off ... for august 20 there is always fireworks which is fine i guess but the one here usually is n't a huge deal , and i 'm not exactly willing to travel 100s of kilometers to budapest for to watch a fireworks, 
  got ta agree, 
  yes , i think most people would . 
  i know it would be `` b\u00faven '' , but ehh . . it works for the joke :p, 
  most hungarians would definitely say b\u0151ven for boeven ... it even was a custom here to use oe when \u00f6 was not available, 
  latin is not that uncommon . 
  greek definitely is, 
  no , i prefer not wasting my time . 
  i could probably learn three natural languages in the time it took to learn that one . 
  the lack of native speakers would make it next to impossible, 
  you are just mentioning the ie languages , which are similar enough , the real challenge would be to include the non-ie ones , such as basque , finnish , hungarian , estonian and maltese, 
  besides the fact that esperanto is pretty crappy overall . 
  it does n't accomplish a lot of what it means to achieve . 
  it was an ok attempt for a non-linguist at the time , but it 's not even neutral today , like the amount of gendered stuff it has would probably make it unusable in a neutral way today . 
   stseen that is why you invent your own vocab instead of borrowing from latin directly . . we have problems with words like * obszc\u00e9n * . 
  but we translated * scene * to * jelenet * , which is prefectly easy, 
  can confirm , too real, 
  how do you call a greek restaurant owner ? 
  - abros tistakos ( the tablecloth is filthy ) how do you call the chinese admiral ? 
  - ki fing tunk ( we are fucked ) how do you call a japanese mechanic ? 
  - cseregumi hamaroda ( the new tyres , quickly ) how do you call a polish racing driver ? 
  - miko sodrocky ( when will you crash already ) how do you call a spanish thief ? 
  - lopez de futaztan ( he steals but then he runs ) how do you call a russian maid ? 
  - natasha felnyalya ( natasha will lick it up/sweep it up ) how do you call a ukrainian fisherman ? 
  - nedumai pontienko ( do n't talk at this time ) what do you call the arab dentist ? 
  - blend ahmed what do you call the gay greek ? 
  - farbatos ( fucks you in the ass ) what do you call a dutch banker ? 
  - stex van boeven ( there 's a shitton of money ) what do you call a dutch housewide ? 
  - melle van de boeven ( has plenty of tits ) what do you call the japanese bachelor ? 
  - maradoka magamura ( i 'm staying on my own ) what do you call the japanese nun ? 
  - kukine kinuku ( no dick for her ) what do you call the japanese monk ? 
  - nukupina chakima ( no pussy , just prayer ) what do you call the stupid japanese ? 
  - ikunuku ( no iq ) [ this is actually a fairly common expression on its own right ] what do you call the bald japanese ? 
  - hayashima ( his hair is smooth ) what do you call the finnish skier ? 
  - porho hessinnen ( go away snow ) what do you call the french alpinist ? 
  - le pottyansz ( you 're gon na fall ) what do you call the chinese cook ? 
  - wai ling ( a type of bowl ) what do you call the congolese photographer ? 
  - tekincha wakumba ( look into my flash ) what do you call the arab fish seller ? 
  - addela halathmar ( sell the fish already ) what do you call the italian exhibitionist ? 
  - padon tosnio ( it 's good to fuck on the bench ) ok that 's enough, 
  well i did n't know either , but apparently it 's the thing they used to use to seal letters . 
   we invent the wheel instead of hot water . 
  we invent `` spanish wax '' instead ... 
  no , the pilot episode, 
  the first episode is not one of the best ones ... 
  gravity falls only starts to have a story towards the end . 
  you should watch it more, 
  well and the rest is mountains ... looks pretty well-defined for me , given that probably very few people live on the tops of the mountains, 
   historically ( i mean like middle ages ) the border often was n't well defined it 's mostly a river border ... 
  oh it 's just h & m here , did n't know what it was an abbreviation of ( nor the fact that it is an abbreviation ), 
  hasi & mausi i never heard of that before , granted i 'm not a huge mall-goer ... i 'm fairly sure they do n't exist here, 
  i do n't think anyone actually uses them to mean different things , unless they 're an underwear designer or something like that, 
  a shop specifically for male underwear ? 
  fine fine , i get that , i did n't know that the specific expression referred to different variants, 
  any city in transdanubia with more than 40k population ( except tatab\u00e1nya ), 
  wait , what ? 
  tanga and thong are two different things ? 
  i was under the impression that tanga is just the translation of thong, 
  normally , roads are named after the city they lead to . 
  town squares usually only formally have a name , most people only call them the f\u0151t\u00e9r ( main square ), 
   `` are you all stoned ? '', 
  or `` e-stoned '' joke is pretty lame same with the hungary = `` hungry '' joke btw . . 
  works for me, 
  yes, 
  alma does n't mean loving though , it means like nourishing or giving, 
  i do n't think anyone really donates at all , besides the 1 % s, 
   i am a leftist and i think we need to reduce immigration . 
  same, 
  you might be onto something with egri csillagok , but i do n't think it 's given that much more attention , really . 
  btw if you want a compulsory book that everyone hated , that 's l\u00e9gy j\u00f3 mindhal\u00e1lig, 
  do n't worry about it too much , it 's not a big deal , but it 's probably the reason you 're being downvoted, 
  just saying that maybe not all communists wanted to kill your babies, 
  stop pretending that it 's only right the way you prefer, 
  i do n't think we have one that is extremely more important than the others . 
  this is the opposite question, 
  i really do n't see how the fact that you 're a 19f was relevant to the content of this post, 
  good luck getting anything off your shoes with a welcome mat on a rainy day in fall . . unless of course if you want your welcome mat to look like a mammoth shat on it, 
  news flash , my shoes are also dirty af, 
  stop being triggered everytime you hear eastern europe . 
  i mean nagy imre was a communist too, 
  i really do n't give a shit . 
  there 's probably like 2 at most . 
  honestly , they 're free to do their own thing . . i think you can technically go through your entire life without having to speak a word of hungarian . 
   for me citizenship of a country is an honor western_european_nationalism . txt, 
  because ukraine forbids dual citizenship, 
  i think it 's fine , since the requirement is still there that you have to speak the language . 
  that does n't sound healthy, 
  i ca n't imagine living somewhere where people do n't talk about money, 
  i though l\u00fct was light ... 
  integrated gypsies prefer to call themselves hungarians and not gypsies , usually, 
  cantonese and mandarin are nowhere near mutually intelligible, 
  i do n't think there are any, 
  yes , that is why i exist and why my ancestors did n't die in a gulag , how dare they try to survive instead of dying a completely pointless death, 
  my ancestors did n't do that , in fact they also did exactly what i 'm suggesting here . 
  nope, 
  there 's this new thing called moving, 
  westerners are usually way too ignorant to recognize that eastern europe = / = slavs, 
  yes because i 'm definitely not one,
