  no , i despise all nationalists , including hungarian ones , because this utterly disgusting ` modification of history ' and putting national bullshit above everything and lying about anything for their nation . 
  the word ma\u010far is what i 'm talking about . 
  it was never ever used in any language other than hungarian . 
  i know there are even towns like uhersky brod and uhersky hradiste in moravia ( in hungarian magyarbr\u00f3d and magyargr\u00e1dis ) . 
  the czechoslovak nationalists coined the word ma\u010far into czech and slovak , before that uhersky was used to refer to hungarians, 
  this is exactly what i 'm saying . 
  the slovaks and czechs also used uhersky/uhorsko etc , and only started to use ma\u010far artificially after 1920 ( along with a bunch of others , for example bratislava , which used to be pre\u0161porok ), 
  distinction used to exist in german for the exact same propaganda reasons , especially after and during 1848 . 
  newsflash : the word `` magyar '' was n't used in any language before 1800 other than hungarian, 
  yeah that too, 
  this has like , literally nothing to do with what i said, 
  in every single other country ever too, 
  just saying though , this is very much for czechoslovak propaganda reasons , in hungarian this distinction does n't exist , it was introduced to the czech and slovak languages artifically, 
  vienna rightful capital of hungary matthias corvinus aliv in visegr\u00e1d, 
  pozsony/pressburg was the capital until 1784 , because buda and pest were parts of the ottoman empire . 
  btw bratislava did n't exist as a name back then , it was called pre\u0161porok in slovak, 
  not really . 
  one well known place that was colonized and not overseas is crimea by russians, 
  upvote because took time to copy & paste \u2260 instead of the usual = / = or ! =, 
  strasbourg-vienna-milan would make a nice triangle imho, 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that its gon na be the old who are gon na go to vote , the young do n't care that much , much like on the brexit vote, 
  honestly hoping that the referendum will be sabotaged , it 's not like orb\u00e1n will do much more than brainwash the retarded pensioners to vote for whatever the fuck he tells them to . 
  hopefully as few ppl go to vote as possible, 
  but western poland is not as underdeveloped, 
  nah , hungary was pretty much as good as yugoslavia, 
  yeah , basically, 
   nations within the eu handle their own business that is very vague . 
  is a nation 's own business its foreign policy ? 
  its army ? 
  what about bureaucracy ? 
  are taxes a nation 's own business ? 
  the list goes on ... 
  very well said, 
  another well known person to have roma grandparents is viktor orb\u00e1n , just saying . 
  well i do wonder too , because i have no idea either . 
  i was replying to the `` billionaires invest the money '' part , like into making the business larger or sth . 
  they should be required to do that will a huge percentage of the money then , heck , with all of it, 
  hungary actually did take in a bunch of refugees from romania in 1989, 
  that 's terribly inefficient . 
  a billionaire will still take it 's share of the money , hell of a lot actually , since he 's not required to invest it all . 
  this could work well if the capitalist was only allowed to keep x amount of money , but that 's not the case . 
  but capitalism does n't make the country inherently have more gdp . 
  you are comparing apples to oranges here . 
  you should 've said 95 % of population earning $ 40k , or having a median income $ 40k with the top earning millions and the low earning close to zero ( unemployment benefits ) , which is a much tougher choice now . 
  the problem ofc would be that in communism growth would be a hard thing to do , because of the drop in productivity, 
  careful , you might cut yourself with that edge, 
  what a great strawman argument . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that we should stop nationalism altogether , the example you give is still nationalism . 
  ( some might call it civic nationalism , which is still nationalism just whitewashing it ) we should look critically at any state , and not just accept something because it has your nationality on it . 
  we should also accept that the only reason people can make a working state together is the will to make a state together with others . 
  nationalism told us that it 's only possible with ppl of your nationality ( which is stupid ) , religious nutjobs will tell you that it 's only possible with ppl of your religion , but in reality it 's possible with anyone if you have the will to . 
  other nationalisms are somehow not artificial ? 
  and no , lets not do that , nationalism is cancerous in every form , no matter what the ` nation ' it prefers is, 
  i 'm pretty sure they do but in more subtle ways like `` the united nation is a necessity '', 
  yeah , that is why nationalism is stupid and we should stop brainwashing people into it in schools . 
  because as long as nationalism exists , people will want to live in their little countries labeled after themselves . 
  it is stupid and detrimental to the european cause . 
  anything `` national '' should be reduced to only being a cultural thing , just like religion is today . 
  there should be no `` state nationality '' in any country , as there is not state religion, 
  ca n't you just join the party at any time though ? 
  okay that sort of happened here too , we had these things called `` doll\u00e1rbolt '' ( dollar shop ) , where you could buy western shit if you had western currency , which was basically only ever possible to obtain of you were a politician or like got out some other way like sports, 
  no , it was that it was n't as bad as it could 've been . 
  i do n't think you can escape being a dictatorship while being under soviet military occupation . 
  soviet troops were scattered all around the country , so there was n't much wiggle room there , but i still think that k\u00e1d\u00e1r did as much as possible to make it not suck, 
  the situation was still better than before communism . 
   they crippled the economy with their 5 years plans and the forced heavy industry . 
  that is undeniable , it was stupid, 
  yeah , well , i dun goofed , did n't i. 
  meant no one starved in hungary . 
  stalin was the worst face of communism , i agree, 
  well , ofcourse, 
  i mean that there was no class divide like in capitalism . 
  the wealth was distributed , so no money is wasted going to people that do n't need it like billionaires . 
  ( there was corruption though , which was terrible ), 
  sure , there were more people than there were jobs . 
  this is a problem capitalism encounters too . 
   and if they did n't work they were put in prison . 
  since all you had to do to get a job was to ask the government to issue you one ... 
  exactly . 
  especially during the end of his reign , i think it was 1986 from when people were allowed to visit the west ? 
  i mean that was pretty dope , though gorbachev 's more liberal politics also helped out at that . 
  well , most people also had cars and tvs and could afford to go on vacation . 
  but trust me , not starving to death was regarded as pretty positive when all you hear is that in romania and a bunch of other places they * do * starve to death . 
  while in hungary you could even get `` luxury food '' such as bananas, 
  yeah he was n't nice , there was a revolution to remove him and it succeeded , he died somewhere in russia alone . 
  he was basically stalin and he was hated accordingly , i was n't talking about him , i was talking about k\u00e1d\u00e1r, 
  welfare * is * an essential part of communism , no matter how you look at it . 
  ofc scandinavia is n't communist , but it has communist elements . 
  ofc it 's a taboo to call these things communist because lets be real , it would be political suicide for anyone, 
  oh god that is horrible though . 
  probably something similar happened to ex-aristocrats in hungary . 
  my grandpas were both farmers , their standard of living actually increased with communism , and since neither were politically active , the regime never bothered them in any way . 
  yeah . 
  the soviets let them go loose after those . 
  they were actually called `` counter-revolutions '' in hungary . 
  which is weird because the whole thing started just to reform communism ( to install a reformist communist guy ) . 
  and well the dictator after it was a popular guy and reformed communism into `` goulashcommunism '' which people were mostly ok with as far as i heard ( probably has to do with the fact that i do n't live in budapest ), 
  you adopted parts of communism , for the good of the people, 
  it was ok in hungary , i heard it from many people who lived during the system , nobody starved . 
  in romania on the other hand , people were starving and randomly arrested for weird reasons .
