   i know for a fact that they do . 
  guess i was just on the wrong field trips then ? 
  or maybe my teachers were competent enough to not need to show people the mosque next door , because you know , everyone saw it ffs . 
  ah right , so you 're talking about the one where the teacher visits the mosque and the kids visit the bar next door ? 
  because you know , there 's nothing keeping them from doing that , once they are outside of the school, 
  even then , good luck keeping the kids in the general area . 
  you think the kids are not gon na go away the second they get to get out of the school ? 
   as the parents pay for it either way school being mandatory is also retarded ? 
  yes , you know , state schools are state schools for a reason : that reason being that they are free . 
  might as well ban poor people altogether  school trips are an important part of education . 
  which part , the part where the kids drink ? 
  ooooor what ? 
  what do you think kids do on school trips ? 
   i mean what kind of nanny state do you want to live in where parents need to micro manage every single school trip ? 
  not sure what you mean , it 's not unheard of that the parents organize the school trips ... also you know , they pay for it no matter what so making it mandatory would be retarded, 
   school trip is mandatory . 
  no it 's not , you need a written consent from the parent to take their kid anywhere outside the school ( at least you should need one ), 
  weird . 
  in hungary ` all saints ' day ' is nov 1 and ` day of the dead ' is a different holiday , on nov 2, 
   you guys actually entirely eliminated the concept of ethnic minority in 2012 , to be replaced with the term nationality are you shitting me , what you call `` ethnic minorities '' were called the nationalities since nations became a thing . 
  the first minority law in hungary ( and in the world too btw ) were called `` nationality laws '' in 1849 for crying out loud . 
   then apparently you decided to increase divisive forces in your own country . 
  how is it divisive to acknowledge that people who are n't hungarian can also be citizens and have rights and shit ? 
  you know , the rights that back when they were n't given they actively engaged in separatism ? 
  this is such a no-brainer . 
  this is the way to unity between different nationalities , not france-style cultural genocide or us-style aggressive brainwashing ( which is also just a type of cultural genocide ) . 
  if in a country one nationality is called a nationality and another is an ethnicity , is n't that a bit telling ? 
  it 's like they are n't valued the same ... 
   having sex with minors ... is called statutory rape , not pedophilia, 
   this kind of work really needs to be promoted yeah sure , promote the type of work that will be all automated in a few decades , see how that works out, 
  could n't care less what the 200 years old french or american meaning of the word is . 
  thing is , they are legally different things in hungary . 
  citizenship does not imply anything about your nationality , your nationality is a community matter , and in hungary ( unlike france or the us ) you have community rights as a minority nationality . 
  because you know , hungary fought wars about this matter ... 
  if you feel you are hungarian by nationality , that is fine , but nobody expects you to do so just because you 're a citizen and you were born here , and i think it 's an uncivilized way of thinking to expect people to do so . 
   you mean ethnicity do n't you ? 
  no , the literal constitution of hungary uses the word ` nationality ' . 
  there are 13 non-hungarian nationalities living in hungary . 
  ethnicity is a different thing , a better word would be ancestry for that i guess  but it 's its job to do both no it 's not , it 's president 's job to represent the country on the international stage, 
  the government isnt a representation of the nation . 
  i mean as a person who has no voting rights here , this is just ridiculous . 
  and i am part of the nation , even , unlike many people in the country that does have voting rights but arent part of the nation . 
  or those that are part of the nation but dont have the citizenship , also not represented by government . 
  and furthermore , the government only represents those that voted for them , which in a non-two party system ( aka in a healthy democracy ) might be a minuscule percentage of the citizens who have voting rights ( which again , is not synonymous with the nation ) . 
  and furthermore , the governments job is to govern , not represent on the international stage , as such the reason why they were elected is not that they have good representative skills, 
   pro-russian and pro-serbian nationalists rather than the countries themselves i mean how do you even blame * a country * for that . 
  for gods sake it 's not even a sentient being, 
  i 'm a fetus and those are kids to me, 
  no one cares about about `` the states '' . 
  literally no one 's talking about those, 
  well the good thing is , this is the age of the internet . 
  today you can anonymously chat around with anyone here , he ca n't take all your information sources and ca n't block you from talking to people from different places . 
  back in the day he could 've turned the country into a north korea , today he does n't have the ability to but that does n't seem to stop him from trying . . 
  start a revolution and overthrow the government, 
  jesus christ this thread . 
  why do people who prefer subs be this pretentious and annoying ? 
  watch it with subs , whatever . 
  but can you not call me subhuman for not liking it that way please ? 
  dubs usually just make it actually watchable , like adam sandler movies, 
  that actually happened though ... 
  tfw i wrote this copypasta, 
  and in the end the way they exploit you is the same thing as the non-romanian ones . 
  i guess whataboutism makes it okay for you then !, 
   two big tent parties why two ? 
  two-party systems are usually a result of fptp voting, 
  i do n't think wine from a kettle is hipster tbh, 
  same for hungary, 
   well , perhaps it 's not a `` problem '' . 
  it is , the idea is responsible for two world wars and countless genocides . 
  it will never start to make sense , no matter how you modify the idea  you have no state without a common language except belgium and luxembourg , and switzerland and india and literally every state in subsaharan africa  or common values there are n't common values in the eu ? 
  what ? 
   without demos if the people are n't part of the same nation , that does n't mean there 's no demos ... 
  i ca n't even understand how you 'd come to that decision, 
   secondly , hungary , croatia , austria etc. 
  should not be in cet , it gets dark way too early there . 
  it 's fine, 
   in europe , in fact , there are nation-states the whole point is to make progress here . 
  that is just the problem we 're trying to solve here , the fact that there 's nationstates, 
  how is it better ? 
   the student teacher relationship ( as far as i know ) is different ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   you would have candidates profiling themselves as `` not the german '' so in short it would lead to ethnic tension, 
  is that something that has to do with having a president ? 
  nations and states are very different concepts , you get that , right ? 
  does it matter if you 're a slave to bucharest or brussels ? 
  depends on what . 
  obviously the government primarily , but those who support it unconditionally just because are also bad imho, 
  he already had the nation united pretty goddamn well before the holocaust . 
  secondly , you dont need to kill anyone to unite a nation using the hate , if you kill them off you just kill of the source of the hate and therefore the unity . 
  its counterproductive no matter what, 
  killing off manpower and workforce ? 
  beneficial ? 
  you sure you thought this through ? 
  while i agree , this comment was still pointless, 
  you realize that - ize endings are generally correct in both the american and the british written standard , right ? 
  yeah, 
  this has been explain a million times already . 
  just search for any of the previous posts of this same image on / r/mapporn or / r/europe, 
  they usually support the retarded pseudo-historians who claim these types of shit, 
  also every non-jobbik supporter hungarian, 
  you are expecting western europe to know the difference between huns and hungarians ?
