  theres also the electoral college, 
  ukrainians , lithuanians , germans , belarusians , to an extent czechs, 
  that 's a stupid definition for a nationstate . 
  romania is regarded as a nationstate , yet the population is hardly homogenous . 
  i think the nationstate means a state that openly stands for only one nation , while any other is called a `` minority '' . 
  it 's a needless distinction in society . 
  we need a state that does n't look at nationality in any way , and for that , the eu is perfect, 
   the austrohungaria empire was not succesful . 
  many people in it were dissatisfied and felt less important than hungarians or austrians . 
  yes . 
  this was its very goal as a nationstate , it 's the goal of any nationstate . 
  this is why we do n't need nationstates, 
  look , what i 'm saying is * there are * people who are uninformed on many things , and there always will be , it 's physically impossible to educate everyone on every issue . 
  it would cost a lot of resources for little gain . 
  therefore we should instead put trustworthy people in charge who would be able to control the country without blindly driving it into a hole , like we saw with brexit . 
  you could see with the brexit campaign already - one of the greatest leave slogans was telling the people to `` ignore what the experts say and use * common sense * '' . 
  this is how easy it is to manipulate people on these types of issues , where they ca n't really grasp the effects on themselves, 
  no , currently the situation is local council < national govt < ep . 
  i think we should get rid of the middleman ( the nationstate ) , since it just steals money and gives nothing of value in return . 
  it 's not a middleman it does n't interfere with the local autonomous governments . 
  it would control the army and the foreign policy and a bunch of others , but that 's not a middleman, 
  what middleman ? 
   do n't believe the old soviet propaganda . 
  you know , up until this , i thought you were a reasonable person , but with this you just confirmed you are a troll . 
  you know , soviet propaganda is more reasonable and believable than your bullshit, 
  i know very well how switzerland works , that 's exactly what i meant . 
   who decides what are local and international topics ? 
  inside canton = local problem ; outside canton = not your business , aka . 
  safe to have a representative  people are very capable of learning stuff fast - international politics too what makes you think that they will want to ? 
   if they do n't want to learn about international politics then they can decide to abstain and what will prevent the ones too lazy to educate themselves from voting ? 
  in reality what would happen that many people will vote without thinking , like in the uk recently . 
  yeah , all you needed to do was not tax the trade , and since you had 0 resources , nobody cared enough to attack you, 
  living on literally worthless soil sure makes it pretty easy to avoid war . 
  on a local level direct democracy works because people know what the fuck they 're voting about . 
  i fully support having referenda which decide * local issues * , but the keyword is local . 
  i do n't think that the people are informed enough in international politics to decide that for themselves . 
  imho it works because they are on a very local level . 
  average people wo n't grasp the impact of brexit , which is europe-wide , but have a very good grasp on local issues, 
  the only middleman in the eu is the nationstate . 
  we could have a switzerland-style with only the ep above it . 
  that would cut a seriously cancerous middleman, 
  eh , both are `` my group is above all else '' , but xenophobia makes the `` my group '' smaller, 
  well tbh it 's the same dumb ideology , just xenophobia is more extreme, 
  the us elections are a terrible form of democracy , nobody would ever want that, 
  well there 's also different unification story , that of italy , which is a bit more bloody iirc . 
  i like that one a bit more because of the anthem , it has some parts that could be very well applied to the european unification , and i think it 's beautiful ( it 's the * noi fummo da secoli * part ), 
  earlier states were n't supranational . 
  they were just the same old nationstates as the current ones , they rewarded people for having the right nationality or/and race , exactly like today . 
   derive authority from the consent of the governed . 
  every state does that . 
  without consent of governed there 's only revolution and the change of the system but it 's a bit morally questionable to also * manufacture * that consent for the governed in schools , is n't it ? 
  in school where the teach you that '' < nationstate  is the only legitimate entity here '' and '' < nation  inherently owns this land '' , and a bunch of other bullshit . 
  the state did n't receive that consent because it 's oh-so-legitimate-unlike-any-other , it received the consent because it also publicly shames and ridicules anyone who does n't, 
  saved . 
  amazing summary, 
  i think you did n't bring enough to drink, 
  exactly . 
  if the eu was in charge ( which i hope is asap ) nobody would lose their national identity , only the state that rewards people for having the right one . 
  what i do n't see is how anyone would lose their uniqueness with the eu, 
  there 's only one reason for the existence of any state , and that is that it works . 
  it does n't kill itself somehow or the people it governs do n't fuck it up . 
  this has been this way for all of history . 
  all you needed to do was to brainwash a reason into people why they should n't rebel . 
  the current situation is just the continuation of that : most people are brainwashed into thinking that the legitimacy of states comes from `` muh nation '' . 
   why is kenya part of the british empire ? 
  because the british have guns and will fucking kill you . 
  wait , do you think that the eu is comparable to that ? 
  it 's become switzerland ? 
  it 's actually much worse than that, 
  not just the multi-nation states , all nationstates . 
  i was literally told here on / r/europe that this what nation means . 
  i also used to think that it has a meaning beyond , something that refers to a well defined group of people , but apparently that word is ethnicity , not nation . 
  ( the english used to have a pretty fucked up thinking of what can and ca n't be called a nation in the colonial era ) the native americans are different things , because they are defined to be like that legally . 
  check merriam webster : : http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nation?utm_campaign=sd&amp;utm_medium=serp&amp;utm_source=jsonld i debunked your statement anyways , so i do n't feel like i need to add anything to it . 
  even if you say that they are nations , they still hate each other , and most likely americans , so it does n't even matter, 
  nation is a synonym for nationstate , that 's what i meant . 
  but if you look at their history you can very well see that they mostly hate each other, 
  nah , in my opinion a nation is like a religion . 
  theres a bunch of people who idenify with it , ofcourse it has great history and everything , but it doesnt need a nanny state to look after itself . 
  it is gon na survive just about well in a secular enviroment , and this is true for nations too . 
  what we need is countries that do not look a nationality as something special , but rather as just an identity thing . 
  in my opinion a nationality could make similar institutions to the churches and then nationality wouldnt even be area-bound . 
  and about the sweden thing : sweden overstepped its bounds with the ` ability and will to work together ' thing i mentioned earlier . 
  it did fuck up , but its not about the nation . 
  nothing really is about the nation , infact most things are about individual gain, 
  thats not what he means i think . 
  there is no reason why you shouldnt feel irish , but i dont think theres a very good reason to have a country just to make you feel irish . 
  you would also be irish if the country you lived in wasnt called ireland , so whats the point of having an ireland ? 
  i think its the best if we have countries to include as many people as possible , the only limitation being that said people can work together and make a functional state, 
  any nation, 
  dont need the nationis , make it populorum instead , the rest is perfect, 
  that would actually be hilarious, 
  are you kidding me its just amazing . 
  i learned german before italian and i loved it so much . 
  my draga , i speak italian , i know this, 
  tbh i use a bunch of hand gestures in hungarian too so its pretty tame, 
  okay , i 'm pretty sure you 're wasting your time , ofcourse , but i 'm genuinely curious : what subject am i ignorant about here , according to you ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've read a lot on this subject , please show me something i did n't see yet, 
   people use those phobia words so idiotically freely https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarophobia  romanians were considered subhuman and had no right to property ... romanians ? 
  all serfs , not just the romanian ones .
