  hungary was forced to think about its past . 
  its past has lots of horrible shit , like magyarization , holocaust , ww2 , other stuff . 
  hungarian textbooks include these things , and lots hungarians realized , like myself , that this is retarded . 
  nationalism , that is . 
  in hungary you will never see anyone waving flags . 
  never see anyone celebrate wars , not even those we won . 
  never see anyone pushing an agenda that hungary is better , or even good . 
  never see people doing national thing just for the sake of being national . 
  if you see people doing those , you can safely assume they 're jobbik fanboy ultras or hardline fidesz at best and i will apply the same standards for romania whether you like it or not . 
  celebrating the treaty of trianon falls right into that category . 
  i dont care if its the most normal thing there . 
  lots of stupid shit are normal in certain places . 
  i believe i am right in expecting that people i debate with dont stoop to that level , regardless . 
  i expect basic human decency , this disgusting display is not decent , its retarded and btw i dont know what statue you are talking about , explain yourself, 
  well most people do n't care about politics because they know that all parties are corrupt as shit . 
  this of course extends to international politics as well, 
  what do you mean ? 
  he is romanian iirc, 
  that 's just how i debate . 
  does n't make me an ultra . 
  i just despise people with hard nationalistic ideologies . 
  sorry if you are triggered by that, 
   democracy does not mean you can obey just the laws that you want democracy also does n't mean you can just force things on one group of citizens but not onto others . 
   refusing to assimilate creates us vs them mentality yeah , it 's totally the refusal to assimilate is the thing that creates tensions . 
  not the incredibly forced assimilation attempt , and the almost supremacist attitudes like yours . 
  no , that only promotes harmony . 
  we should 've also phrased our forced assimilation that way . 
  we just wanted to end the us vs them mentality . 
  you know , end the slovak psyche . 
  they just promoted war anyway , they would 've been better off as hungarians . 
  lex apponyi is really just a way to get rid of factionalism . 
  let me tell you a secret : factionalism never ends . 
  if it did , we 'd live in an orwellian global dictatorship . 
  do n't fucking try to end it , you 're just making enemies . 
   you can be a slovak that speaks hungarian . 
  but you ca n't be a slovak without speaking slovak oxymoron . 
  you either define nationality with actual nationality as usual , or with having been born in the country , like the us . 
  you ca n't do both . 
  if you do the first , then hungarians there are n't slovaks , no matter if they speak slovak or not . 
  if you do it the other way , then they 're slovaks either way . 
  you ca n't do both . 
   their votes go to liberal capitalist parties the way it should be . 
  holy fucking shit , this is rich . 
  you are advocating for forced assimilation and your only good reason is that now they vote the party you prefer . 
  lol, 
   it makes more sense to speak slovak and be an ordinary slovak citizen than being an ethnic minority . 
  this is literally what it means to treat your minorities like shit . 
  in the us for example it also makes sense to be white rather than black . 
  but the solution is not to fucking make everyone the same , like some barbarians with no respect for individual identity , but rather to give everyone equal chances . 
  and equal chance also means not having to learn some language just because ... trust me lots of people will still learn it , but let them make a choice dammit . 
  some of them wo n't use it in their entire lifetime, 
  you are just pulling the victim card when you 're not the victim . 
  today , slovakia is a country that has a law equivalent to lex apponyi . 
  that is a fact . 
  you can either do what you just did , and claim that slovaks are allowed to treat their minorities like shit and hungarians are n't allowed to . 
  or you can be a man and admit that it 's absolutely stupid and hypocritical as fuck . 
  you ca n't play the victim card anymore . 
  for like a 100 years now , you guys have had your chance that you can treat minorities like first-class citizens , but you are just as bad at it as hungary was in 1914 . 
  the hungarians there are not a threat to slovak identity . 
  slovaks outnumber them tenfold , for crying out loud . 
  are you really shitting yourself that a community of 500000 will assimilate your culture and eradicate it ? 
  and so you have to follow in the steps of ultranationalistic forced assimilation , a la apponyi ? 
  really ? 
  hate them less *, 
  plspls, 
  hungary loved slovakia so much that we just had to invade them and they ran to hitler for protection . 
  poor folks , they just ca n't tell when we love them . 
  must be because of the language barrier, 
  i know we should 've kept the ol' vendorsz\u00e1g . 
  sounds much more dank, 
  i translated this because some romanian guy asked me a few days ago , in exchange he translated an equally cringy and jingoistic romanian poem . 
  nice to see the ultras already managed to get their filthy hands onto it to use as shitty bait . 
  glorious . 
  i 'm definitely translating the commie songs next, 
   not linking the song r\u00e9gi m\u00e1ni\u00e1m [ what the hell is wrong with you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8mfmyc0e58&amp;ab_channel=erdelymagyar1 ) ( it 's a joke guys pls no kill ), 
  `` miva ' mir\u0151 ' ? '', 
  no they do n't , for either one . 
  it is not even the local language in all of slovakia . 
  just the official one . 
  much lke when it used to be hungary , in some places hungarian was n't the local language . 
  me saying the same thing the other way round , you would consider me a fucking fascist, 
  that is the flag of austria hungary, 
  this . 
  i do n't think most people understand how little anyone cares . 
  yeah , and hungary was the name of a massive fucking region ... 
  but things change, 
  the k\u0151r\u00f6shegyi v\u00f6lgyh\u00edd ( valley bridge of k\u0151r\u00f6shegy ) is the largest bridge in hungary . 
  it is situated close to the southern coast of the balaton , in the north of somogy county . 
  attila is n't hungarian though , he was a hun . 
  huns are a turkic people , hungarians are finno-ugric in origin, 
   in 1848 you have someone like stephan ludwig roth ( who was saxon/german from transylvania ) who said that the lingua franca in transylvania is romanian and should be the official language of the region . 
  1848 is hardly `` always '' . 
  also 1848 is the literal year when hungary revolted against austria and the germans , some salty german saying something is to be expected . 
  he is hardly a scientific source anyway . 
  if you do n't trust the official 1910 census , then you should most definitely not trust some clearly biased guy either . 
   after 1856 bullshit . 
  in 1856 there was no hungarian parliament , and the entire habsburg block was in the middle of neo-absolutist rule . 
   the german minority voted for union with romania much like the russian minority voted to join russia in crimea , along with the tatars . 
  believable as fuck . 
  given that there 's absolutely no info on those representatives were chosen in the first place , it was n't even held over a definite area , etc etc.
