  everyone in every school has to learn slovak , much like according to the lex apponyi everyone had to learn hungarian . 
  i agree that it should n't have been implemented , but the same is true the other way around . 
   make other nations within great hungary magyar again , it should n't have been done , i agree . 
  but . 
  but slovakia today , does the exact same thing . 
  i do n't know if you support that for slovakia , but that is a fact : slovakia has a nearly equivalent policy towards its national minorities as hungary did back in the day, 
   trianon yay , imperialism and irredentism ... which became legitimized and now anyone putting in a negative light is a fascist !, 
  thank you west !, 
  truly a beacon of justice in the world, 
  sorry but no , i will not accept anyone trying to establish an official religion . 
  no matter what shitty excuse they make up to do it , it just should n't be allowed ever . 
  also , i highly doubt that society will ever go in a direction in which people will want to establish a religion to be the state religion . . 
   alone in the preamble there are explicit mentions of christianity . 
  unfortunately , yes, 
  well here too , but what i 'm saying is that they should n't be able to for this particular thing, 
  much like romanias food supplies under ceausescu  ), 
   redditor for 16 days i see you 're pretty new to reddit , so i 'll explain this thing calmly : this is a thing called banter , in which we say random things like that for fun . 
  nobody means it seriously, 
  yeah , nice to see you helped it to go back in time to match the development level of the rest of romania  ), 
   would it be better if they had a party called whatever , and all their members `` happened to be '' christians ? 
   but they can choose people who want to change the constitution . 
  not this part tho . 
  this is a non-negotiable part of the constitution, 
  i was thinking of a clever response but then i realized that i ca n't , because romania has no place of historic defeat because it has no history ;p, 
  well `` saxony '' is a massive area with many different dialects , stretching over 3 states of modern germany . 
  1919 was a inside job *, 
  they do have the right either way . 
  they ca n't choose people who actively want to violate the constitution , that 's all . 
  transylvanian saxons have their own dialect though . 
  her dialect is luxemburgish and not transylvanian saxon ? 
  wishing for a ban because they are religious . 
  religious parties just should n't be allowed . 
  hungary is a secular country , as such religious parties are n't compatible with the constitution . 
  to quote said constitution :  az \u00e1llam \u00e9s a vall\u00e1si k\u00f6z\u00f6ss\u00e9gek k\u00fcl\u00f6nv\u00e1ltan m\u0171k\u00f6dnek having a religious party in the parliament or government would be against that, 
  hungary has its share of atheists , do n't worry . 
  i personally know 3 religious people at all . 
  most people describe themselves as some christian denomination , but do n't believe in god or go to church . 
   my stance is that this error originates with xii-th century hungarians , not contemporary ones . 
  well i kind of implied ( or meant to imply ) that it 's been so since they 've been in hungary . 
   error it is n't an error , it 's just the hungarian name for them . 
  just like the french * allemand * is n't an error , it 's just the word that refers to all germans , not just the alemanns . 
  words ' meanings change , that 's what they do  how this mistake became so accepted that even transylvanian germans have come to think of themselves as saxons when in fact they are not because they were officially recognized as one of the three nations of transylvania under the name `` saxons '' . 
  spoken like a true expert on hungary . 
   so hungarians referred to all of them as saxons . 
  ... which is what i just said, 
   romanian minorities !, 
  lies !, 
  everyone knows that `` romanians '' are just a hoax made up by ceausescu . 
  they hope that maybe appeasing both kdnp voters will make them get the 2/3 , it wont happen, 
  i wish kdnp was just banned . 
  no one fucking cares about them , yet they get to all this shit because they managed to suck fidesz dick . 
  and they are actively attacking secularism . 
   there were only few saxons among the transilvanian `` saxons '' , the majority being franconian that 's because in hungarian we call all germans living in transylvania saxons ( sz\u00e1szok ) and all the other germans in hungary swabians ( sv\u00e1bok ) . 
  so from a hungarian standpoint , they * were * all saxons . 
  i do n't think the 7 at all means that those were the only forts , it 's just that they were the main ones, 
  well , you literally just linked the list of castles it referred to . 
  the 7 main cities/castles/settlements in the autonomous saxon region of transylvania, 
   and burgen means cities no , burg means fortress , castle . 
  city is stadt . 
  there are 7 , which would the extra 2 ? 
  sieben means 7 , and no , those are different ones . 
  the 7 castles the german name refers to 7 , historically mostly german-populated castles in the german ( saxon ) region of the historic transylvania . 
  this one is in the hungarian part . 
  ( there were 3 parts : the saxon , the sz\u00e9kely and the hungarian part , however the latter term historically also referred to catholic romanians ), 
  alright alright, 
  [ we have this exact same castle dude ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vajdahunyad_castle ), 
  yeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh , totally ... 
  thanks , you too, 
  i 'm pretty sure it was just renamed sometime during the dual monarchy , they just did n't document it . 
  i seriously doubt that people would use vajdahunyad to refer to the town . 
  it just does n't sound like a town 's name, 
  flair checks out . 
  it 's weird because hunedoara sounds like it would be hunyadv\u00e1r , which sounds much more like a town name than vajdahunyad, 
  because it 's the copy of this one, 
  that was a surprisingly neutral and sensible comment . 
  thanks . 
  i wonder why/how do burgenland , corsica and trier make their data not available . 
   this sub has a bleeding fixation on the term . 
  they played too much eu4, 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's germany, 
  oh yeah that time when the west traded my entire country for the suez canal . 
  shows you never to trust those guys . 
   we could bitch and moan for as long as we wanted , but all that matters to the eu is germany and benelux . 
  if that were true , the uk would have the euro , would be part of the schengen zone etc etc. 
  the uk was the whiniest little shit in the eu , actively trying to fuck it up from day 1 . 
  brussels appeased the uk for way too long, 
  still less than greece tho, 
   implying it 's not already great, 
  this . 
  its not hard , people . 
  if you cant pronounce one name , use another, 
  thats just a regular everyday food , who named it after ljubljana, 
  so who did steal all that clay from your neighbors and made it into parts of slovenia, 
  in germany no, 
   any humor translated into any other language finds a way to be funny that is bullshit and you know it . 
  puns are a prime example of why it does n't work , you ca n't even make people get the punchline via translation . 
  but even then , people speaking a different language might not have the same cultural references that exist in the other , and so on and so on . 
  translating between languages is n't just switching from one encoding to another , there are huge nuances that might make jokes impossible to translate, 
   olympic medalists in swearing definitely not gold though . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpclf_siovm&amp;ab_channel=mikevideo%27s ) won by a landslide,
