  nobody uses that unless you are one of those butthurt greeks who cant accept that people name themselves and their countries however they want . 
  jobbik has more things in common with random syrian dudes than i thought . . : s, 
  they did n't apply for/didn ' t get refugee status in turkey ... how would they not be refugees here ? 
  eastern europe reality, 
  forints are cool . 
  i can have 100k in my pocket :3, 
  i didnt know that, 
  it wont happen . 
  hungary just doesnt build things in time . 
  metro 4 in budapest was for example scheduled to be completed in 2008 , its first section was opened in 2014 ... so id say by december it will be done, 
  i think they later said they will be done with it by august 20 , which ofc isnt the case, 
  speaking latin and being muslim are not tied to race or ethnicity, 
  ok thanks , 
  yes , of course , i should n't make assumptions about trauma because i never actually had it , but would n't it make them recover faster from the trauma if they were exposed to men who do n't want to hurt them instead of isolating them from all men ? 
  i 'm sure this is not exactly a good analogy , but what if for example a black person gets assaulted by white racists , should they also be treated in black-only institutes because they might be afraid of white people ? 
  yeah , of course they ca n't get the same treatment , but i do n't understand why you 'd need another institute for treating male rape victims if you already have them for females . 
  would n't it be more logical to treat them at the same place ? 
  would n't it also kind of help with the females who are traumatized and are afraid of men to know that a lot of men went through the same as they did ? 
   female rape victims might not feel comfortable around men , sadly . 
  but would n't it fix this if they were around men who went through the same as they did ? 
  would n't that make them feel less uncomfortable ? 
  could someone eli5 why do n't they make unisex treatment ? 
  hungarians living in romania told us , we even had jokes about him specifically and how much the people hate him, 
  if yuo gib clay we take all \u0163igans on the clay  good trade, 
  i never thought i 'd see something positive about ceau\u015fescu ever, 
  tough choice . 
  the siege of belgrade ( 1456 ) , the 1848-1849 revolution , the formation of the most glorious empire ( 1867 ) , the 1956 revolution and the ending of the communism ( ~ 1970-1990 ) are the best candidates . 
   unification  country topkek ^ ( no hate ), 
  3-2 against west germany in 1954 ... 
  same, 
   but two equal co-heads , who serve only for six months is n't that inspired by the roman republic 's two-consul system ? 
  given that they actually seceded from the roman empire that would make a lot of sense, 
  i always thought tirolean austrians and swiss germans yodel ... 
  i cant rate your romanian i dont speak it xd also kigali . . holy fuck , why would anyone go there ? 
  its no problem that you reply late , i can wait . . ( i see youre not very good at english , are you ? ), 
  wait for responses, 
  no problem , i can wait, 
  yeah thats accurate . . 
  if you come up with a username like this xd, 
   atheism is the absence of religious belief . 
  no that 's [ irreligion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irreligion ) . 
  atheism is simply the denial of the existence of any deity, 
  yeah , so in atheism , this is not a reasonable doubt - aka you simply believe in it, 
  that 's just the age of the organized western style country . 
  some like to count from when hungarians came to the carpathian basin , they 'd say we are in fact 1120 years old . 
  i dont want to go into much philosophy but the existence of anything can not be proven . 
  does anything exist ? 
  does the fact that i feel stuff around me a reasonable enough proof for their existence ? 
  these are axioms that atheism accepts as true , despite no evidence whatsoever . 
  end of communism is 23 october 1989 , which is also the day of the 1956 revolution , and on 23 october we celebrate that . 
  also it is less a start of a new era for hungary , by that point everyone knew we are inevitably gon na be a democracy ( it was kind of obvious years before actually but whatever ) , we just did n't know when . 
  most people 's life was the exact same on 22 october and 24 october  i do n't get this . 
  its propaganda, 
  atheism has no * belief * ? 
  would n't that imply that it denies the existence of anything ? 
  i was about to give up too , this argument is/was basically down to whether your own personal definition of religion requires the existence of a deity, 
  philosophies are generally reasoned arguments too, 
  yeah it became one thanks to orb\u00e1n . 
  what happened was basically instead of algebra class a guy from zakarpattia ( ukraine ) talked about how shitty his life was in the ussr , and how the evil ukrainians are drafting hungarians to fight in their war . 
  the other days ( march 15 & october 23 ) are celebrated much more , with roleplaying and films and national tricolor badges etc. 
   we should celebrate june 28 lol if your pm is as retarded as orb\u00e1n , sure . 
  it was n't as permanent though , so i think the general public would less likely to view as a tragedy . 
  i too was concerned with buddhism ( i thought one may perceive karma as a deity , bodhisattvas are not btw ) , but i 'm sure about taoism and confucianism . 
  these are religions not based upon the existence of some deity , but ethical and philosophic beliefs which are practiced by a large number of people as a religion - just like atheism . 
  at this point we can argue about definitions , but if confucianism and taoism are religions then atheism is as well . 
  if atheism is n't a religion , then confucianism and taoism isnt either . 
  the other 2 are about freedom . 
  we celebrate our heroes who had the balls to say fuck you to the oppressors . 
  more like june 4 - lol we can skip one lesson in school for some random reason . 
   implying we did any actual help, 
  as a hungarian i find it logical because it uses the same logic as hungarian . 
  its obviously not more logical than any other, 
  there arent any , atleast i dont know of them . 
   you suggested religion was a philosophy and philosophy a religion . 
  i did n't . 
  i dont recall doing that either . . look , you 're making good points , but atheism is not the absence of religion . 
  atheism is the belief that no god exists , which is a thing it shares with buddhism , taoism , confucianism and shinto ( as far as i know ) . 
  so are these not religions either ? 
  of course they arent synonymous . 
  they are completely different things . 
  but in my opinion a philosophy is something that is not a doctrine but just thoughts . 
  subjects of discussion . 
  whereas religion is something that is actively practiced , and most importantly people actually identify with . 
  you can identify as atheist , buddhist , christian etc. 
  but you dont identify with platonic thoughts , nietzsche or anyone else . 
  why ? 
  because they are not intended to be religious doctrines , but as something to think about , not as something to believe in as some universal truth . 
  the faith in the wrongness/falseness of other religions is not a faith then ? 
  also any religion is a philosophy and any philosophy is a religion then so this definition is kinda flawed . . 
  i define religion via religious communities - a religious community is a community that is bound together by some shared ethical , philosophical or theological thoughts that the community agrees as inherently true and in many cases tries to spread these views . 
  ( they often also view every other religious community cancerous , which is what i think is religious extremism , of which i think atheism is n't free of either ), 
  depends on what definition you have of religion . 
  in my book , they are, 
  from what i see , atheists are just as fanatically spreading their views as religious people do theirs , so from my perspective they are just another religion . 
  i personally dont believe in god , but my heritage is catholic so i call myself a catholic - but both atheists and hardcore-christians can fuck off , i dont want either of them to think of me as * like them * . 
  zaragoza is inland too, 
   i 'd genocide western ukraine for those eyes < 3 / r/nocontext, 
   so people live in the coast , not inland , with the exception of the artificially created city of madrid  people live in the coast now you say c\u00f3rdoba is in the coast ? 
  its not a coast . 
  also , you can say no one lives * as inland as madrid * , because madrid is in the middle .
