  because it does n't tell much about him at all in this case . 
  and neither does russian, 
  fair enough . 
  thank you, 
  it would be really cool to have something like an avar official , but i do n't think it 's possible , since it 's russia that chooses the officials they send and there is probably no way autonomous areas could compete on their own ( unless you 're great britain in some cases ), 
  yeah , in english it can mean both , which i think is misleading simply because it 's not true . 
  ethnicity is a cultural thing , while citizenship is a political one . 
   there is only one nation . 
  that nationality is called russian that is not even true in russian . 
  ethnic russians are * russkiy * , but when it comes to referring to all the people in russia they use * rossiskiy * , the latter can be roughly translated as ` from russia ', 
   the land where he is from so , dagestan ? 
  he should be called what he is , which to me is n't russian, 
  from russia . 
  circassians for example are circassians . 
  it just so happens that circassia is part of russia because history, 
  ok still , i would ask an actual russian about this . 
  many westerners misinterpret certain attitudes towards race as racism , at least in eastern europe , while in many cases it 's just banter and is for fun, 
  one instance of referring to a single person 's skin color is n't really `` rampant racism '' . 
  even though this particular one is distasteful , i do n't think that even implies the dislike of black people in general, 
  yup , i guessed so, 
  article says he 's from dagestan , so probably one of [ dagestan 's many ethnic groups ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/dagestan_ethnicities.png ), 
   nationality is not ethnicity . 
  well , there are really two concepts here : citizenship ( which government you are subject to ) and identity . 
  it kinda depends on your own worldview which one ` nationality ' means to you . 
   does ethnic russian always mean white ? 
  i assume no , but i do n't live there so take it with a grain of salt . 
  outside the us skin color is n't really something you care about, 
  russian means ethnic russian to me . 
  ` from russia ' can imply of the nationalities in russia, 
  that 's true but he is n't a convert . 
  he 's part of a muslim minority in russia, 
  title makes it look like he 's an ethnic russian , which i highly doubt, 
  yup . 
  clarkson is also well known to be a federalist as well, 
  you have no idea what you 're missing out on :p, 
  trianon has left us without national pride . 
  nobody has motivation to fight for this type of bullshit, 
   orb\u00e1norsz\u00e1g has no place in my garden . 
  not in mine either . 
  but what can you do ? 
  there are many other gardens in the world, 
  germans are cool because they revise trianon . 
  my hope will never die, 
  well there 's no data for hungary , but i assume it would be some record low, 
  exactly . 
  the mosques could be run from donations, 
   not nothing wrong with institutions ` there is n't nothing wrong with no institutions ' would be a typical example of negative concord for more than two negatives ( this is why it 's not called double negative ) . 
  if you are a native english speaker this probably sounds counter-intuitive and redundant ( since you really do n't * need * to put everything in negative ) , but many languages use these all the time . 
  nobody never did n't see nothing ) which means something like `` nobody saw anything , ever '' . 
  linguistically this is not called a double negative , it 's called negative concord . 
  this means that the negative is carried over to theoretically any number of negative words . 
  these never negate each other , only in very special rare cases . 
  negative concord is a very common feature in languages , it appears in latin languages , hungarian and certain english dialects . 
  it 's very common to assume that this is incorrect in english , but it really depends on the dialect . 
  in the prestigious dialects of english it is , but in many others it is n't . 
  eastern europe is a synonym for ex-communist europe . 
  i would be inclined to call eastern germany that too, 
  it 's not necessary . 
  in many dialects of english it works that way too . 
   i do n't see * anything * wrong with those institutions if you want to be pedantic, 
  so you acknowledged that cultural differences do not matter or not ? 
  text is chock full of `` black people '' , `` our people '' , etc. 
  they are clearly nationalists , and they clearly only stand for their nation . 
  to make it worse , their nation is racially exclusive . 
  while i dont blame them - the social delusions about race in the us made this unavoidable , i dont think they have legitimacy in societies where race is a non issue . 
  they have a few words about `` exploitative capitalism '' , and that to me seems like they just want more wages to themselves rather than ending capitalism altogether for something non-exploitative . 
  except in africa with the west and central african francs . 
  it works fine , youre just making up excuses for hating it, 
  there 's still many things that remained from the prussian past iirc . 
  it would probably fit in with other east german towns that remained from the soviet era, 
  well they were . 
  that would be an epicenter of oppressed russian minorities if it happened , although personally i would also like that if it happened . 
  hell , i would like it if they just renamed that city so it 's not named after a war criminal, 
  i do n't see a blm campaign in eastern europe either , but it spreading to continental europe is bad enough, 
  your bait is lower quality than usual . 
  what happened ? 
  but this simply is n't leftist . 
  not a single part of what they believe has to do with the left, 
  nationalism ( in my opinion ) - when feelings about your country or nation are placed above rational arguments . 
  is this good enough ? 
  but ffs . 
  they are not leftists . 
  to be a leftist you would need to have at least something in your ideology that 's leftist which they clearly do n't . 
  can we just call them regressives ? 
  agreed . 
  police should probably bring out the tear gas and/or water cannons, 
  no they 're just retards . 
  as a leftist myself i ca n't even understand how these are consider leftists . 
  they support the literal opposite of what leftism stands for, 
  that 's just great . 
  other nationalists are stupid too , that 's true . 
  does n't make it less excusable, 
  well i really hope this does n't spread to the rest of europe, 
  exactly . 
  im surprised how anyone can say ` the west is out to destroy islam ' ( apparently certain muslims really think that ) . 
  like seriously , if the west was out to destroy islam , it would probably not exist by now, 
  thanks for the info, 
  yeah ? 
  jobbik isnt such a powerful group to make living life dangerous for jews . . you realize the parliament for example is 50 % + fidesz , so everyone else are just decorations there, 
  doesnt mean its not safe for jews though .
