  i do n't speak russian but i 'll assume that you also do this thing for england/united kingdom/great britain for example . 
  i 'm talking about the wording itself . 
  should n't the antonym of `` developed '' be `` not developed '' ? 
  yeah , but it 's `` close enough '' most of the time , because it includes most of europe : 505 million people out 765 million . 
  you probably also use similar thing in casual speech . 
  `` developing country '' , what a shitty euphemism . 
  whose idea was it to call them that, 
   hilly areas , the great mountain ranges of central moldova ? 
  it 's just mislabeled , meant to say `` in the eu '', 
  why, 
  who cares ? 
  clearly its tsargrad :p, 
  `` dae germans ca n't identity like us glorious < whatever  s '', 
  i 'm not saying that they should keep their customs . 
  i 'm saying that if they can live among us without problems - meaning , they can walk around and talk with everyone , do n't look for special treatment and shit like that , ( i would say not religious as well , but that isnt even the case for the westerners anyway , sooo ) then i do n't think you should care that they 're moroccan muslims , like whatever, 
  integration : when you can live peacefully with the rest of society without problem assimilation : when you abandon your culture and identity ( this happens rarely/slowly on its own , usually forced campaigns from states contribute to it the most ), 
  no , he says that with assimilation , which is completely different from integration . 
  oh , i misunderstood lol, 
  belorussian and russian are pretty fucking similar , no i do n't think it would be that much a hassle after about two years, 
  that 's like telling a mathematician about a difficult and/or interesting problem , and telling them that it 's why they should dislike their job . 
  but my hope will never die, 
   it would create an absolute nightmare for public institutions . 
  public institutions would be able to learn languages tho , so in a few years that would be fixed, 
   very remote and barely liveable places . 
  \\* linguistically most interesting places . 
  idk the pay ca n't be * that * bad , can it ? 
   former yugoslav socialist autonomous province of kosovo and metohija which is now actually independent as well ftfy *, 
  that 's really nice if actually true ( and the money did n't get lost somewhere in the bureaucracy ) . 
  i 'd love to work in the `` making writing systems for languages that lack one '' business, 
   agree , estonian crimes against russian minority must be investigated lets see what they are first , shall we, 
  unrelated topic, 
  that 's not the opposite , just a rephrasing of his own comment . 
  he says if you have some identity , then you should live in the designated area for that identity ( if there even is one ) , and if you are n't born there , then fuck you . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  there are people who live perfectly integrated without having embraced the state issued identity . 
  dutch identity and where they live arent necessarily connected, 
  sorry :p such is life, 
  many muslims do n't . 
  it depends on whether they 're integrated or not , which guess what , is n't a matter of identity, 
  so basically what you 're saying is that everyone should be separated from each other based on their identity . 
  like apartheid, 
  who the fuck would just change their identity for no reason ? 
  now i do n't have to fear that romania overtakes hungary in quality of life . 
  thanks, 
  in western europe that 's a majority, 
  commentators can be wrong too though , and pretty often are, 
   originally [ . . ] was misappropriated i do n't think that changes the fact that it 's not that anymore . 
  yeah . 
  had to choose the shit ass wine because there was no such option . 
  wtf mods, 
  yes , exactly, 
  yup , pretty cancerous . 
  im kinda glad this whole ` class ' thing isnt a thing anymore here, 
  edgy, 
  same in hungary . 
  `` ladies and gentlemen '' is usually an incredibly sensationalist and/or attention-whoring thing to say, 
  classy , as in , ` trying their hardest to feel superior ' . 
  both are expensive as shit usually , the only thing worth buying is the default cheeseburger in the mcdonalds for 250ft ( 80ish euro cents ), 
  hes a capitalist , his fucking job is to only care about money , jeez, 
  the movement to keep it in spain is nationalism too, 
  you 're saying that as if hookers were bad . 
  this is the most retarded thing i 've ever seen, 
  no lol . 
   she still does n't have to partake in the swimming lessons . 
  nobody is forced to partake in anything in german schools , as long as you 're physically present in school . 
  of course you get 0 points for that . 
  in hungary if your kid does n't partake in school ( to be precise , if it misses 5 classes without explanation ) then the parents are n't eligible for child support . 
  it 's pretty true . 
  obviously just as true the other way round . 
  it 's almost like you could n't gain anything from war unless you 're an empire 's ruler, 
   measuring wine in deciliters and not liters fucking casuals, 
  why are you continuing this conversation . 
  what is the point youre trying to make, 
  romanian ? 
  obviously , did you not hear the song or what ? 
  obviously not , but let 's not expect a news outlet like that to put them there for romania , jesus, 
  they 're moldovan, 
   china has a massive population , and controls it with an iron fist . 
  which is exactly what i 'm saying by 1984-esque  something which would have to happen gradually obviously . 
  but the framework of a nationstate makes it way easier to do with way less opposition , if you can make it look like it helps the nation  closer than brussels . 
  who cares . 
  i interact exactly as often with people from either place . 
   it shows lack of public engagement with the public , and therefore no incentive to engage with most of the population . 
  under the current eu rules , obviously there is no incentive to campaign or to go voting . 
  it 's not like it matters, 
   china refutes this claim . 
  china quite literally confirms this claim , india would be a counterexample , but can be explained with the incredible ethnic diversity  the internet has broken this here i am in scotland talking to you on an american website . 
  you think the government ca n't find ways to a. , censor all or parts like china , b. , set up its own copies of foreign websites like russia or c. , simply only make propaganda content available in the national language ? 
   yes , and brussels is 100s if not 1000s of km from citizens of the eu . 
  i also live 200 + kms from budapest , yet i seem to be doing fine . 
  i actually hate it , so much that at this point to me does n't whether it 's brussels or budapest . 
  both would pull the exact same shit , so whatever . 
  i care about how much autonomy the town i live in gets , not * from which central government * it gets the autonomy  voter turnout for eu elections is laughably low . 
  ... nothing to do with the thing you put it as an answer to . 
   and a centralized all-powerful super-government could n't ? 
  ever heard of mkultra ? 
  how about gitmo ? 
  the fewer people they have under their control , the more likely this scenario . 
  also , the very idea is to separate nations from states . 
  the existence of nationstates blocks ideas from going from one nation to the other easily , and their governments will do their best to make it even harder  when the people are literally on your doorstep it 's quite hard to ignore them or dodge their assassination attempts if you are a terrible representative you know that brussels has people too , right ?
