  it does n't matter . 
  he supported killing innocents , end of story . 
  `` oh but he only supported killing of * a smaller group of * innocent people '' is not an excuse for this . 
  does make him much like the ustasa fans though . 
  wait , so now it 's not the inanimate object , the country that is intolerant ( how the fuck that even is possible , i do n't know ) , but rather a group of 13 million people , most of whom you never interacted with . 
  and you feel validated putting the label `` intolerant '' on others . 
  jesus fucking christ man, 
  yes , but other people being shitty towards does n't make you right to do shitty things . 
  if it did , hitler would also have been right . 
  also , `` national interest '' does not exist . 
  there are only individual interests , nothing else, 
  so , when are we starting the `` which balkan politician is the absolute shittest '' show/contest ? 
   your ancestors were most likely shitting in the woods and living in huts out in the forests by the rivers , hunting animals and working on their small land of crops it 's madness to think that most inhabitants of the roman empire did n't also do that . 
   intolerant country what ? 
  the women here are not fucking retards though, 
  fuck is this the middle ages ? 
  but they * are * those nasty saxons, 
  you literally ca n't do that in the balkans . 
  it is absolutely impossible to draw the national borders like that . 
  you either have genocide or make those multicultural state ( s ) work . 
  also , las puttanas, 
  under the byzantine empire and the kingdom of hungary and croatia there was no ottomans, 
  still dont see how that was relevant . 
  obviously no one in the whole era should have felt satisfied , except the top 1 % . 
  but what does that argument add to my original line of thought ? 
  i dont define americans , they do themselves , and the overwhelming majority of people there call themselves americans . 
  if the only things that happened are things that did n't affect the public , then nothing happened . 
  that 's like politics 101 . 
  exactly that . 
  that things changed , yet you claimed they did n't, 
  the original unification was also in a similar manner, 
  since nationalism came about, 
  it seems to me that western europe blatantly flips these two terms , just because . 
  the balkans is way more diverse * culturally * than the us . 
  the us is mainly just americans . 
  inb4 one million responses from triggered americans, 
  i meant like , totally nothing happened in the last 2 years that could 've * possibly * have triggered an opinion change among people . 
  seriously , it 's been a 100 % calm two years and the situation is exactly the same ... yeah no, 
   santo domestos that 's some good shit, 
  aside from what / u/stoicismus and / u/losangelesturk already said , what do you even think was going on in the balkans * before multiculturalism * ? 
  you think serbs and croats had their good ol' territory , well-defined happy and nationalistic ? 
  because that 's quite the opposite of the real situation, 
  there is a point at which you can ignore the problems though . 
   go tell that to the romanovs i will sure tell them , they surely know about the insane dangers of multiculturalism , when they were overthrown by people of the same culture  man empire collapsed in part because of tribes ... invading and stuff roman empire collapsed by invading outside tribes ??? 
  surely that proves that multiculturalism can not work, 
  they would 've been killed if they caused trouble yes , how is that relevant . 
  they did n't have any reason to cause trouble , at least not on the grounds of national/tribal reasons, 
  none of those civil wars had to do anything with the different tribes though, 
  no king ever gave two fucks about which tribe his serfs belonged to . 
  tribes are a great thing and all , but they did n't matter in politics a bit . 
  you know how many tribes lived under the roman empire ? 
  lots and lots . 
  did any of them cause internal conficts ? 
  nope, 
  multiculturalism was the natural state of everything up until nationalism came about . 
  the reason it does n't work is nationalism, 
  oh right , i see . 
  you can also use the plain black flag then or the world flag . 
  the balkans is the live example of why nationalism is cancerous, 
  sorry a bit off topic but about your flair ; are you actually sorbian or just use the flair for fun ? 
  bulgarians , turks , tatars , pomaks, 
  hungary is way less religious than those places though , thankfully . 
  plenty of people do n't even know which denomination they belong to, 
  but for both of them ?? 
  but what if they are terrorists ? 
  i prefer escobin, 
  he meant like , europe is gon na go down the shitter compared to the us russia and china , perhaps even india, 
  welp , enough internet for today, 
  whats wrong with foreign forces ? 
  let 's just do a quick comparison : - gdp : nato $ 18.35 trillion , russia $ 3.685 trillion ( 5-6 times as much ) - population : nato 603.73 million , russia 144 million ( 4 times as much ) - military spending : nato $ 904 billion , russia $ 70 billion ( 13 times as much ) - military personnel : nato 3.5 million , russia 1 million ( 3.5 times ) etc etc. 
  i do n't think you could even a find a measure which makes russia better . 
  you can include russias allies like belarus and kazakhstan but the picture still is in the natos favor . 
   it can still be relevant and catch up . 
  it can ofcourse , but what leader would have the motivation to help it do so ? 
  personal gain from corruption is much more appealing and safe there . 
  hungary is * that ass * , aww yea, 
  carpathia border ... 
   had merely chosen molotov cocktails as their form of justified political speech . 
  goddammit , and since when is * that * legal ? 
  can i just throw molotovs at the nearest politician now as well ? 
  perfect plan . 
  surely nothing will go wrong, 
  sounds like a plan . 
  just gon na have to do it sneaky and they wo n't notice us, 
  glad that 's settled then :p, 
  fiume is rightful hungarian clay , * obviously *, 
  no , horvat is a variant or hrvat , which means `` croatian '' . 
  hrvatska is the name of the country, 
  yeah , it 's hrvatska , or something along the lines `` horvat '' if you actually want to be able to pronounce it . 
  it 's okay . 
  hungarian domains are . hu, 
   hungarian  . hr domain  `` i am daniel from croatia '' bruh, 
  haha , reminds me of my great grandma who used to call the mcdonalds the `` mack\u00f3 '', 
  it 's how it 's spelt in hungarian ( spagetti ) . 
  people most likely just assume that spellings are the same for the same words, 
  mil\u00e1n\u00f3i borda is fucking amazing though . 
  if italians do n't like it then it 's their loss, 
  12 january `` culture exchange with / r/india '', 
  that is great , but the statement was obvious , he was just rubbing something irrelevant into everyone 's faces to feel better about his country, 
  it would be missing that whole thing in the middle if it was tajikistan,
