  many who honestly could n't care less what 's going on , and to live their lives . 
  for example my grandma . 
  she lived through the revolution of 1956 - when i asked her about it , what she said was that she did n't want to leave home because she was scared . 
  that 's all she knew about the revolution . 
  and trust me , there 's a fuckton of people like this . 
  just do n't go in the large cities and find that most people are like this . 
   the unholy combination of totalitarians and the concept of a nation oh come off this . 
  this was inherently going to happen . 
  loads of uneducated masses , easily brainwashable to nationalism because of the already mentioned biological intuitions . 
  the only thing that saved the world from more bloodshed is the advance in technology ( the need to educate people a bit and the nuclear bomb )  these countries considered their citizens more than just pawns on a board they had a way to separate their population into two : desirables and undesirables . 
  this was a policy used in france , uk , germany ( imperial and nazi germany ) , fascist italy , yugoslavia , russia , ussr , even the us . 
  the undesirables were pawns , the desirables were brainwashed - that 's why they were desirable in the first place  completely full of themselves , divorced from reality you just described the parisian and londoner elite, 
  in one moment, 
   the reason you can have your hungarian flair is because of those nationalists . 
  otherwise you 'd speak perfect german like i do . 
  no , it 's because i have an identity . 
  nothing more . 
  i honestly could n't care less if there was no legal entity to back it up . 
   humans are not rational actors , so you try to do as many things in an intuitive way as possible . 
  sexism , racism and a bunch of others also come from evolutionary/biological reasons , why not also have those then , to make society as natural as possible ? 
  humans are not rational actors as a whole , but in politics , most humans are not actors at all , only those who are willing to are . 
  most people just need their basic needs fullfilled and want to live in peace , they could n't care less what is going on in politics , and in this regard , it absolutely does n't matter if a nationalistic or non-nationalistic entity governs them . 
   you can organize at a local level ? 
  national level is far higher than a local level . 
  a local level is a town , or a small group of nearby villages . 
  in that level the `` non-foreign ruling class '' is an actually accomplishable . 
  in a small town the mayor can keep in touch with most of the populace and understand them for real . 
  but in a nation , that has like a million or way way more people , the ruling class is never gon na be able to keep in touch with the population , and this is a huge problem . 
  this is btw why the capitals are always favored in * every single * issue in nationstates . 
  not to mention that the capital 's culture is usually idolized as fuck and everything else is viewed as low culture . 
  this is best seen in france for example : everything is centered around paris , nothing else has power to do what they want , only paris . 
   i will need a stat on the 99.9 % . 
  is there some conspiracy i 'm not yet aware of ? 
  lets say that the president knows 400 people . 
  ( that 's over double the average person btw ) . 
  in hungary that means that he is not a foreigner to 400 people , so a foreigner to 9 999 600 . 
   in a certain area there is a majority of people with certain ideas the same can be said about a bunch of things , for example religion . 
  there 's a bunch of places with catholic majority , why is there no catholic state then ? 
   i do n't know where you get that safe-space idea from , probably my username . 
  no , i think that 's a central point in usual nationalism . 
  the idea is that `` all ppl of my tribe are in my country , all of yours are in your country '' . 
  ofc nothing prevents them from visiting other places , but nationstates make it way harder and they actively discourage learning about other cultures ( school curriculums and such are heavily nation-centered )  they started because highly centralized and unaccountable entities with absolute power were in charge and thought they were invincible . 
  like , france ? 
  they also fit this description . 
  germany and ah too . 
  pretty sure the balkan states too , russia as well , turkey as well . 
  and it seems one side * was * invincible , yet both sides shared the same nationalistic values . 
  for ww1 . 
  and ww2 too . 
  both sides were unaccountable , centralized , nationalistic . 
  guess what they got around to do ? 
  kill , fight , conquer , destroy , because `` glory '' . 
  this is the true face of nationalism imho  i still need to know why we need an european dominated world . 
  maybe ask the guy who said that , these are not my words, 
  yeah it is a 19th century invention , but that 's where it comes from . 
  the essence of nationalism is to create a clear divide between `` my tribe '' and `` your tribe '' and to always favor yours over the other . 
  this is an intuitive , animal-like behavior and feeling , but it 's completely unreasonable . 
   the recognition that certain people share language , values and culture together and should organize themselves yeah . 
  sure . 
  cultural clubs are a thing . 
  there 's no reasonable argument why this should apply to actual political entities . 
   not be ruled by foreign rulers yet 99.9 % of the world is ruled by foreign rulers - why ? 
  because unless you know them personally , someone is a foreigner . 
  speaking the same language does n't matter . 
   why there was such an entity as austria-hungary i remember that it was because was because austria was tired of hungarian nationalists constantly fucking up their nationalists ' wet dreams of a `` united nation ''  why is that a bad thing again ? 
  why is it a good thing ? 
  you get to live in your nationalist safespace , isolated from outside influences . 
  the only people it 's actually good for is the people in charge . 
  they can live off your lack of cultural knowledge of outsiders , and very often will just incite hate to fuel their own interests or jingoistic fantasies ( like ww1 and 2 ), 
  wait , so it 's normal to be narcissistic and wrong to be critical of oneself ? 
  op should be careful , they might cut themself with that edge, 
  yeah but if your country is full of corruption , would you try to abolish the country altogether ? 
  no , you would try to reform it . 
  why the double standard with the eu ? 
  why is it different ? 
  nationalism is the reenactment of pre-society tribalism . 
  explain how it does make sense ? 
  this was like years ago, 
  live on the ground floor in a 3 story building . 
  so refreshing, 
  or you know , make proper housing that does n't let all the heat in . 
  it 's time to go back and post some more juicy memes to / r/operationstreisand . 
  hungary was off for like double of that ( 1690-1919 ) , yet hungary was fucked up beyond recognition, 
  so you 're against id cards in general because some idiot tried to make 1984-tier id cards ? 
  you have some sort of paranoia ? 
  you think everyone here is just rubbing their cocks on the demise of russia ? 
  most people couldnt care less, 
  how ? 
  here they protestant and catholic schools are exactly same in terms of religious indoctrination - the catholic one offers actually semi-good education as well though, 
  i remembered that the welshmen were allowed to kill the englishmen ... weird, 
  so , can the king name his son lenin ? 
  many people could ask czechs that, 
  it was culturally united enough that a clear victory for either of the 3 sides of ww2 would 've resulted in all of europe adopting the political system that won . 
  ( fascism , communism or democracy ), 
  til berbers have their own flag ( and flair ) . 
  nice to see you here, 
  why not both ? 
  let 's add slovakia , slovenia and czechia for old time 's sake and there you go , lets all root for the reunified kuk team, 
  actually , both could be called that . 
  the first one was about which country would influence europe the most ( though i would personally would just say that it was a feud between warlords , hiding behind `` muh nation '' to justify their jingoism ) .
