  sure , they also exist today, 
  no u, 
  wow , now that all the soros memes are dying down and even government posters about soros are being taken down , the news finally reaches the west do these guys still use carrier pigeons or something ? 
   and yet you 're both part of the eu . 
  the ussr and the us were also both part of the un back in the day . 
  guess they also were n't archenemies , then, 
  never fought against poland and took in like 100s of thousands of polish refugees, 
  slovakia and hungary are like archenemies mr. `` history phd '', 
  yeah , that too . 
   i have degrees from heidelberg , the sorbonne and leuven . 
  never proved it , but even if you did , nobody gives a shit  hungary and the netherlands are in a union , and yet look how far apart they are . 
  it 's contiguous , you know . 
  you can go from hungary to the netherlands without having to leave the union, 
  you realize that poland and hungary are not neighbors , retard, 
   i say it 's perfectly possible for hungary to form a union with its slavic neighbours . 
   `` i have a phd in history '' you are fucking delusional, 
  poland was hungary 's best friend since like a millennium, 
  where are salaries not ? 
  implying anyone sane would even go near that cesspool, 
  i would, 
  if he has the internet then he did n't even lose that basically, 
  but you can change the system . 
  what does catholicism have to do with 2010 ? 
  it 's a classic . 
  nothing wrong with being a bit retro now and then, 
   did n't unsub temporarily to make the count exactly 1.5 m son , i am disappoint, 
  it definitely has to be a full blown visibility vest , but its not required all the time , only at night or in bad conditions . 
  also i looked into it and it 's apparently not obligatory to carry it around all the time , but it 's strongly recommended and as you can see for a very good reason . 
  no , because not having a visibility vest with you is also illegal ( at any time ) , so you should 've grabbed said visibility vest before checking the light . 
  so the driver does in fact have the option to not break the law, 
  when they were born within the borders and grew up there , absolutely not . 
   how to recycle waste oil who tf knows stuff like that, 
  fidesz is not far right , fidesz is the center, 
  how is it not ?? 
  you are driving a car , obviously they can test you while you 're doing that . 
  that 's not even the brutal thing they do . 
  i 've heard a story recently that they stop people at night because broken tail light , and ask them to please go there and check it . 
  then once they do , they can fine the person for not wearing a visibility coat , since it 's illegal to walk on the road without it at night outside cities . 
   there is nothing to `` liberate '' in anatolia under the nationalist world-view . 
  well , yeah . 
  but it 's still inaccurate to say that the ottomans did n't take it away from someone else by force . 
  it just so happens that said warlords were also turkish . 
   turks were in anatolia far longer i know , yeah, 
  and so a new fetish was born, 
  uhm , what ? 
  the ottoman dynasty only started around the early 1300s ... the seljuk empire ended in 1194, 
  no , the state should have no such authority over its population, 
  i pointed out that you saying that `` turkey gave back * all the land the ottomans took * '' , is complete horseshit . 
  besides the factual correction , i did n't argue against any sort of logic, 
   anything  cheaper hahaha, 
  tfw eastern europe is more civilized than the west , lol, 
  as it should be, 
  let me guess where the author is from ? 
  could it be western europe ? 
  i did n't even say a word about anyone handing land to anyone else , you retard . 
  learn to fucking comprehend text in your native language . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  also  are you going back to siberia anytime soon ? 
  forced displacement is a war crime, 
  the ottos `` took '' basically all of their land . 
  they also took the turkish majority areas from someone else, 
   lands go by ethnic majority ethnic majority is not a thing everywhere, 
  how do you think the ottomans acquired the rest of what is now turkey ? 
  nationalism in a nutshell . 
  well , forced displacement is also against human rights . 
  yes they do, 
   after romanian troops crossed tisza romanians crossed the tisza the day before that . 
  they were nowhere near budapest , in fact there was an [ entire government ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/peidl-korm%c3%a1ny ) set up by gyula peidl before romanians put an end to it by setting up their puppet and occupying budapest . 
  romanians arrived there on august 4  few days in advance to total defeat , wtf are you on about , the red army was winning against czechoslovakia and pushing them back pretty hard . 
  which is why the deal was made in the first place . 
   i do n't know about this deal https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/clemenceau-jegyz%c3%a9k ... there 's no english or romanian page , looks like . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) page mentions it briefly towards the end  romania not france . 
  france was the power that arbitrated borders before too , romania was just basically seen as france 's puppet , which was n't far from the truth either . 
  cyprus was n't in the eu or nato at the time , in fact it still is n't in nato, 
  greece is a nato and eu member, 
  august 1 , 1919, 
   macedonia  hurt kek, 
  oh boy , are you trying to imply that every other country does n't do that or something ? 
  no , but it should be . 
  and this was proposed many times already , including by the minorities of hungary back in the empire days , but somehow the plan was never implemented when they took over ... 
  that is just a sloppy history knowledge . 
  the soviet republic resigned because they accepted a deal from france wherein if they stopped counterattacking against czechoslovakia then france would expel the romanians from the crisana , which france did obviously not honor, 
  `` most communist photo story ever '' ... jesus christ this fucking shitty clickbait . 
  these are pretty normal photos from the commie period, 
  i dont think theres such a thing as german catholic church, 
  actually , they were tasked to protect against steppe nomads such as pechenegs or the mongols . 
  at the time vlachs/romanians were hardly a menace, 
  yup , exactly . 
  transnistria is not exactly possible , i guess you 're right about abkhazia and ossetia, 
  i assume russia eventually annexes the dnr and lnr somehow ? 
  it 's gon na be basically a south/north korea situation, 
  to me it looks like that there 's very low chances for a permanent deal, 
  i love how you appealed to technical terms in your previous comment , but now that i showed you that you 're wrong with the technical stuff , you now appeal to `` oh but people do n't use it that way '' ... you even have the gall to be condescending about it to me ... 
  is n't the minsk agreement , like , a really crappy ceasefire ? 
  sounds pretty stupid to make that permanent . 
  looking at the long term effect it might be better to have some actual battles but make an actually working solution in the end . 
  lives are going to be lost either way , but not being under an unrecognized state would be better for the area 's economy and all, 
  ok , that is fine , as long as it is not gerrymandered to disadvantage hungarians , like slovakia is for example, 
  neither side wants to do that, 
   russia is not a state .
