  sure , but there 's more to that than just the raw data . 
  the younger ( university-aged ) population and the urban population speak better english everywhere, 
  that stuff is divine . 
  sajtos-tejf\u00f6l\u00f6s all the way ( with cheese and tejf\u00f6l ), 
  awesome , 
  well they mean man/woman but also mr/mrs, 
  * b\u00e1csi * and * n\u00e9ni * are used to address pretty much any male/female . 
  with prefixes they can mean any profession . 
  it 's really annoying actually that they do n't exist in other languages . 
  `` gibberish '', 
  miskolc as well , and kazincbarcika, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgbw8vs0iy8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac_xpuuqxti, 
  which have hype in the first place ? 
  the traffic lights do n't function at night . 
  i do n't usually do identity based on regions , but if i have to then i would say my town . 
  the hungarian anthem is like that , except it 's more depressing . 
  that 's one amazing song tbh, 
  well i can only speak for the hungarian translation of the soviet one - but that one was just a set of different clich\u00e9s . 
  do n't think so , no, 
  actually most cities in transdanubia are pretty damn nice . 
  we had like 3-4 classes during the upper half of elementary ( 10-14 yrs ) and we also covered the subject extensively in biology class, 
  messenger most of the time . 
  others when i have to communicate with one of those annoying people who refuse to use facebook, 
  literally what ? 
  never heard of either of those, 
  hungarian for obvious reasons . . 
  ca n't understand a thing tier . 
  like english and bengali for example, 
  hungarian also does n't have a word like ` have ' ( except an ultra-formal one no one ever used ) , we also have a verb mood that 's both the subjunctive and imperative , etc etc. . 
  also dinny\u00e9s 1200-es . 
  ( melon 1200 ) - lada 1200 , referring to all the people who sell melons that use it, 
  this . 
  there are legit people who think that media is trustworthy , like wtf, 
  amerika or usa . 
  great , 
  tfw there is n't even a hungarian wiki page on it ... 
  i would n't use any . 
  i would n't use that word in english at all . 
  it 's cringy when you try that , no matter the spelling or pronunciation . 
  do n't do it please, 
  not even there . 
  it 's awful, 
  this . 
  it 's unbelievably cringy . 
  and to think : the reason some people actually use it is because is because before the trianon the minorities adopted the term to make sure that the name hungary does n't align with the name hungarians . 
  kind of silly , right ? 
  not to mention that every foreign pronunciation of the word is fucking hilariously wrong, 
  do n't , please . 
  stop, 
  please do n't give them ideas . 
  it would fucking suck, 
  its in budapest so that 's a given, 
  no , that 's not it . 
  he 's asking for the part specifically responsible for standardizing the language, 
  yes unfortunately . 
  it 's kind of a cancer to say the least, 
  there 's also jokes with pistike . 
  but those are a bit different than m\u00f3ricka jokes . 
  also , semi-relevant : my old physics always used v\u00edz elek as a sample name . 
  nope, 
  are you implying that eastern europeans are slavs ? 
  how . 
  there are immigrants are not at all the same group as people of other races . 
  equating immigrants with ` people of a different race ' , is actually both xenophobic and racist . 
  wait , so immigrants are a different race than swedes ? 
  now that 's what i call racism, 
  asap , but not with that hideous name . 
   our way of life literally who cares . 
  the way of life differs way way more between a gypsy and a hungarian than between a swede and a hungarian  why should someone in the netherlands have a say on hunting in sweden ? 
  why should anyone have a say in anything ? 
  why should some ass in stockholm have a say in hunting for samis in the north of sweden ? 
  same thing  different views are you arguing that a state ca n't function with people having different views ? 
  do you guys not have different parties or ? 
  or are your parties just the same , like america or something ? 
  i do n't get it , seriously enlighten me, 
  i would get the fuck out and go to switzerland , preferably in the italian speaking part . 
  if they do n't let me do that , which sounds likely , then i would try and escape , risking treason charges . 
  switzerland most likely, 
  aap kalaallit nunaat this was my entire vocabulary in greenlandic, 
  a and o are different sounds . 
  if you say a word like `` hot '' , with a british accent it 's a hungarian `` o '' , but with an american one it 's generally the `` a '' . 
   non-native  hungarian speakers interesting concept , tell me more . 
  who are these people ? 
  are they real ? 
  pretty dumb to be honest . 
  nationality is like the number one info you need to know about people on any level ( maybe gender can be higher , but that 's debatable ) . 
  how do you even govern a population when you know fuck all about them ? 
  we ask for nationality . 
  because we are not savages like western europeans , and we acknowledge that people have different nationalities . 
  that 's what my perception is anyway . 
  you ca n't govern a population you do n't know basic info about, 
  which is my favorite french word . 
  not just because of the memetic implications , but rather because it is the same word as italian * medesimo * ... looks like a half a word migrated into that accent mark, 
  yeah , although not in one of the 13 official languages , but rather other ones - i know of 2 italian guys in my high school , plus a vietnamese one . 
  and in a different high school in my town , the principal is a croatian , who also speaks croatian obviously . 
   i 'm convinced that during the night he would be probably invisible . 
  in hungary we have a saying about being `` as dark as a black guy 's asshole in a tunnel '' . 
  now i know who that guy was, 
  it probably has historic reasons but unfortunately they do n't teach you the historic forms that can make you help understand it . 
  after i quit german i started learning italian and it 's just way better in the sense that ( to me ) it was taught in a way that helped me understand why certain irregularities exist .
