  local news, 
  hungary less stable than romania ? 
  this is mainly because only the hungarians who speak english use reddit . 
  yeah . 
  the point is that it was matthias who started using that name for the dynasty he tried to create ( he tried to pull off the same thing as napoleon , sort of ) . 
  you posted two links to the same wiki page, 
  the old one or the new ? 
  where 's that official eu website where they debunk all the lies people write about the eu in shitty magazines ? 
  this could probably give them a lot of material, 
  it being `` unnatural '' is an argument ? 
  people are fucking retarded . 
  you know what is natural ? 
  murder , genocide , rape , slavery , thelft , need i continue ? 
  be glad there 's at least a few positive things in the category of natural things , and stop pretending that it 's a good thing in general , it 's decisively not, 
  what did it look like before ? 
  law and morality are both human-made , ie `` unnatural '' concepts . 
  so `` natural law '' , is an oxymoron, 
  every time someone calls `` inb4 trigerd hungarians gaiz !, 
  ! 11 '' , there 's like none, 
  the family 's original name is hunyadi , which refers to this castle ( originally hunyad castle ) . 
  but corvinus is a name that matthias corvinus made up for himself , i believe . 
  because he was ... 
  it 's hunyadi * m\u00e1ty\u00e1s * in hungarian , which is the same as the apostle, 
  no , that 's matthias corvinus . 
  it was ? 
  transylvania was a vassal of the ottomans , but no they never sieged hunedoara, 
  i understood that reference, 
  already failed on the first criteria, 
  shit i could hold a national record if i were albanian, 
  orangina is some good shit , man, 
  it took me way too long to realize that it 's not aryan, 
  liquid cancer , that 's coca cola my dude, 
  bout time, 
   but when there 's a deviation it usually sounds funny . 
  what about * portug\u00e1lia * ( hungarian ), 
  but that 's ... long . 
  thanks a lot though , 
  boroszl\u00f3 and dancka , obviously :p, 
  i find it weird how there are different churches for each country ( almost ) ... seems unnecessary to me but whatever, 
  in hungary they made new channels for the state tv so that the cheapest pack of tv only includes the state channels . 
  i think we should just ask an actual japanese person . 
  i was kinda working backwards , like , `` no italy '' is short for `` no italy allowed '' , that would be \u30a4\u30bf\u30ea\u30a2\u306f\u8a31\u3055\u306a\u3044 . . ( probably ) but i am not sure how to shorten that in a similar fashion to the english original . 
  this, 
  ok well i guess that 's more about the philosophy of what you 're trying to achieve - i would definitely prefer a library that has smaller empty spaces, 
  make me, 
   it can certainly offer way more varied services than the old libraries in helsinki . 
  you can put any service in any building , pretty much, 
  well it did start out as an ugly building , tbf . 
  i think it would be \u30a4\u30bf\u30ea\u30a2\u3058\u3083\u306a\u3044 actually, 
  idk, 
   ssssssssssssssss are you a snake now ? 
  i 'm not following, 
  i think i 'll go with confused then, 
  the comment before it also specifies `` direct line of sight '' , which the visor does obstruct, 
   i would n't mind to oppress you a little though i 'm not sure if i should be scared or intrigued ... 
  see ? 
  men are oppressed, 
  how could you be oppressed by catholics ?? 
  do n't you know that catholicism is the one and only good that is on this world ? 
  / s i laughed at the black power one though :d, 
  that 's right , you better apologize :p making the same joke the 47th time already , while calling me out for making an old joke : $, 
  official language -  the state uses it and it 's formalized in the law that it must ( like french in aosta here ) state language -  the state uses it but it is n't formalized in the law that it must ( like english in the us ) spoken language ( s ) -  whichever language the people use . 
  not necessarily the state or official language the first commenter noted that not all countries necessarily have an official language , they might only have an unofficial state language . 
  ( and made the incorrect assumtion that the official language has anything to do with the spoken language ( s ) you corrected him saying that the language was only `` officially spoken '' , which is not exactly a term . 
  my comment aimed to clear it up that the official language really does n't relate in any way to the language ( s ) spoken in a country , and that normally it is n't even necessary for it to be spoken whatsoever , and provided an example . 
  was n't it also the original language of lyon ? 
  the change to french was roughly in the late 1800s, 
  the official language does n't really tell much about what language ( s ) the locals speak , it 's just the language of administration and stuff . 
  hungary 's official language was latin for 800 years for example , even though literally no one spoke it, 
  well latin is a subgroup of italic, 
  interesting , i speak italian and using that i could understand most written french . 
  not spoken though because they speak too fast, 
  as a citizen i 'd be bothered as fuck . 
  the reason we pay those fuckwits is so that they do their job of making all the laws and such . 
  if the people have to help them out then they should also resign ( every single person in the parliament and the president too , and should never be allowed back ), 
  why would he fear the protesters - afaik the president does n't even need their votes to stay where he is, 
  i know, 
  that 's clearly spelt with a ` z ', 
  nice . 
  our president is nicknamed `` bajszos szar '' ( moustached shit ) , for the same reason, 
  that 's the prime minister , not the president, 
  i was asking about the president . 
  is n't the president at least somewhat independent from the government ? 
  is poland 's president also a spineless piece of shit like hungary 's though ? 
  the people of budapest constantly protest for him to not let pass shitty laws but he does n't give a shit, 
  depends on what 's written on it . 
  bad laws should be broken and/or changed regardless , spain also would n't have a lawful way to punish catalonia as an administrative division . 
  maybe the specific people who were responsible , but statesmen are expendable, 
  i can relate to that , yeah, 
  tbh there 's nothing wrong with breaking a constitution either, 
  same reason why indo-european languages are n't grouped together . 
  in fact the difference between finnic and ugric is larger than the one between most indo-european groups that constantly interacted with each other like germanic and italic, 
  america in a nutshell, 
  not unless you rode it without a helmet, 
  what if i open the car 's window ? 
  shit , i hope it wo n't be already full when i get there, 
   and do n't have sex on the ponte di rialto aaaand my bucket list has a new item on it now, 
  tbf the english terms relating to this are confusing as fuck . 
  `` nationality '' means citizenship , while `` ethnicity '' seems to mean either what i would call nationality in hungarian , or sometimes the same as `` race '' . 
  but my concept of nationality does n't imply anything about genetics , yet it 's also not the legal status of citizenship the state gives out , that 's just some arbitrary thing no one cares about so in the end english lacks the words i would use most of the time .
