  most likely , in a larger country , the politicians are gon na have more people willing to kill them , therefore they would be more likely be scared . 
  nothing like a revolution of 10s of millions ... possibly more people than there would be in an entire nationstate * and * you know politicians will have to campaign and/or visit most places in the country anyway , talk to local representatives etc. 
  they ca n't just avoid going to that area . 
  much like franz ferdinand could n't avoid going to sarajevo . 
   yes . 
  then the needs and desires of their people will be better able to be met . 
  quite the opposite . 
  the people can be easily cut off from the rest of the world . 
  easily could result in a 1984-style situation also , second . 
  second could n't give less shits about the desires of their people . 
  politicians have nothing to gain from appealing to the general people all the time , and therefore never will, 
  the nature of alliances is that they 're broken . 
  and since i 'm not a nationstate , i have close to zero say in whether they are broken or not . 
  you are basically advocating that politicians sit on the metaphorical throne of their respective nations like old timey tribal warlords , and act according to their own interests on the international level . 
   our strengths are our differences . 
  but there 's no `` our '' . 
  if we separate ourselves into petty nation states , then there 's no `` we '' , only the us-vs-them attitude against * everyone * . 
  which is the same attitude that lead to the world wars, 
  that 's why the eu needs to be a state . 
  i highly doubt that it would even be the same in these 3 countries , not to mention it being what you just described, 
   you understand that the 13 % who do n't agree with it are pretty much the 13 % who practice it , so this is pretty much a scenario of a tyranny of the majority forcing their view on the minority ? 
  no , this is the other way round . 
  the minority who circumcise kids force their view on the majority , thereby risking ( and actually doing ) genital mutilation of children . 
  ikr , ca n't even pronounce his own name . 
  small price to pay to get rid of religion . 
  prohibiting kosher meat is not a violation of any human rights . 
  it is dumb , and i would totally protest it myself , but i dont think it would be an issue . 
  afterall most of your concerns are still covered by anti-discrimination laws . 
  just the dumb shit parts of religion wont be protected, 
  i would n't bet on it, 
  sounds like a huge waste of money on bureaucracy to support the system then . 
  why use the state for this, 
  do you need to be a citizen of germany to apply for the state funds ? 
   every religious organisation can in principle apply for this . 
  yeah , if they hit a certain percentage of the population . 
  therefore , if i start a church then i my religion will be instantly oppressed . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
  pretty sure germany does n't either then , if this is your definition of religious equality, 
   holy . 
  shit . 
  guess you did n't read my later comments , did you ? 
  i mean that `` free practice of religion '' is already covered by laws that are actually important laws : right to life , right to assembly , right to thought and right to speak . 
  as such , emphasizing that particular combination of the above is pretty fucking stupid , and unnecessary . 
  it just emphasizes a role of religion in modern society that it should n't have . 
  that we think of it as something special or worthy of special protection . 
  we could also have the `` right to sing profane songs naked '' , but we do n't , cuz that 'd be dumb and unnecessary , because it is already a consequence of basic rights . 
   and how can it be abused ? 
  pretty fuckin easy - find loophole in laws -  make religion -  government ca n't do anything to stop you , ever  it has so often been violated yeah , that does n't make those violations * not * a combination of the previously mentioned basic rights ( which are basic rights ) . 
  freedom to practice religion is a consequence of the above rights , and not a special thing . 
   just look at the french wars of religion , the thirty years war or the many pogroms and persecutions the jewish people experienced all over europe over about 2000 years all of those are already covered by freedom of speech , freedom of thought and freedom of assembly . 
  adding an extra freedom to practice religion is redundant , and is easy to abuse . 
  also keeping religion a thing legally is keeping it as an integral part of society , which we absolutely should n't do . 
  mentions of religion should absolutely be removed from modern law altogether, 
  if this was n't a song we learned about in school , i 'd love it . 
  this way it just brings up the shitty memories, 
  yeah , but if there 's a principle that allows the former , why are we trying to pretend that we uphold that principle . 
  we should n't . 
  free practice of religion is not something we need to view as an important part of society . 
  if someone 's religion is against/for something , but there are n't any other arguments , it only makes sense that the religion is ignored ( not saying this is the case here , just talking broadly ), 
  yes , thats what i meant : how come klagenfurt is an outlier here , why did n't as many people from klagenfurt vote green ? 
  wait , so can i make a religion that says i should kill someone , and say i killed him because of it being an important part of my religion ? 
  pretty sure i ca n't , can i ? 
  so either my right to practice religion is being violated , or this was n't allowed in the first place, 
  religious freedom is just about beliefs , not about what you actually do . 
  if a religion tells you you should kill someone , you 're still free to believe it according to religious freedom , but you ca n't act according to your religion , ie . 
  ca n't kill the person . 
  in short , religious freedom does n't protect you from the law, 
  how come klagenfurt is n't as green as the other cities ? 
  sure , but that 's really just modifying what you consider a nation . 
  a small tribe that fits that definition , would still be considered a nation if they had an independent country for themselves according to modern nationalism . 
  and i 'm pretty sure , a modern nation would be considered a large tribe by someone who has only experienced tribal culture ( this is just a guess though ) . 
  the thing is , there has n't really been a change in values , just a change in scale, 
  who 's the other ? 
   the eu needs radical reform . 
  and what type of reform do you have in mind ? 
  that is still nationalism , and just as bad . 
  no matter how you define your nation , the core of the problem is nationalism , wherein you think that one nation should equal one state . 
  this is not the case in the real world , and will never be , so why preserve this stupid idea ? 
   nationalism - which is not the same as tribalism i do n't really see evidence of that . 
  where is the difference between the tribal approach and nationalism ? 
  i would n't have noticed if you did n't point it out lol . 
  the fact that you cant do accents in reddit usernames sucks, 
   unironically using someones nationality as an attempt to insult top kek, 
  yeah , its in the flair, 
  holy shit we 're actually on the list . 
  this is a big day, 
  or the welsh, 
  upvoted for pc naming in the title, 
   threat in europe * threat in major cities of western europe, 
   two nations claim the same island . 
  nato as a whole i think does n't acknowledge more than one claim to any place, 
  how does that change things ? 
  the attacker is still obligated to defend the other from the outside aggression . 
  why , may i ask ? 
   this is what americans actually believe, 
  do you mean assimilation under ` integration ' ? 
  or do you just mean the integration of the islamist types ? 
  r/europe is the default pit for many people . 
  because you know , it 's a default sub ? 
  i prefer the kirghiz one or the armenian one,
