  not thanks to the french , thanks to those specific people . 
  makes sense i guess , old ladies like cats :p so as long as you give me food i 'm fine with it, 
  you 're seriously starting to sound like a pedophile ... with all the `` inviting little kids with promises of food '' thing d :, 
  idk , depends on where you intend to put it, 
  even worse , a * hot * wooden spike ? 
  i 'm not into burning splinters , sorry, 
  shit ... i do n't wan na play anymore then, 
  why 'd you need those gloves ? 
  i thought it was settled that the spike is n't hot ... 
   i rather be careful than sorry . 
  that is great advice for when you 're playing with iron spikes, 
   at least i did n't put that iron spike in fire . 
  oh thank god , otherwise it might have even been unpleasant ...  it is a joke !, 
  no , obviously you are a bloodthirsty heretic who is willing to crucify people unironically, 
  that would just be a cruel and deviant mind d :, 
  jesus you have a dirty mind ... : s, 
  that 's not even surprising , but what is the `` person/human '' doing ? 
  that looks like an awfully masochistic yoga pose, 
  that 's an absolutely retarded idea . 
  especially in a western country . 
  people will just pay some chinese nerd to hack the whole system . 
  also , multiple choice , jesus . 
  also known as `` you do n't actually need to know stuff , just choose the least unlikely answer '', 
  they would still do the exams on paper, 
  there 's the whole school system that teaches handwriting, 
   acceleration can indeed kill people , but the sudden deceleration is where it 's at . 
  deceleration is also acceleration, 
  both, 
  rest in peace . 
  also instructor hopefully gets harshly punished, 
  actually i think it 's the acceleration not the impact, 
  he was selling a service to another person . 
  this is a consumer 's rights issue, 
  only the emojis . 
  otherwise it 's fine, 
  at least they 're fun, 
  this handwriting is disgustingly illegible, 
  so , both ? 
  this is not even related to the post, 
  they have even less prospects in syria, 
  did n't lithuania have to fight poland because of their whole nationalism ? 
  or was that imperialism already , when it was barely a country ? 
  that is a completely idealistic scenario , an unrealistic thing that never actually happened . 
  it was really just the romantic way of saying that `` we hate foreigners '' like show me an example of where this `` nationalism by its original sense '' did n't end in oppression , war or genocide, 
  ok , fair enough . 
  that said though , using common sense i would never relocate to any other part of my country if my area became a warzone . 
  why would they though . 
  they probably do n't have any spare housing or anything , given that they barely just became non-warzones, 
  why ? 
  no , it 's nationalism . 
  imperialists could n't get away with anything without being supported by a pretty large chunk of the population , and it was nationalism that taught the uneducated public why it was ok to oppress the untermensch, 
  also fun fact , historically slavonia referred to the area around zagreb , it was during the ottoman rule that they started referring to the area to its east as slavonia and the area around zagreb became croatia, 
  i was actually thinking about this recently . 
  this is gon na be way more controversial than gibraltar . 
  eh , i 'm not a huge fan of the veto power either . 
  i think it was fine , the whole `` being a monarchy with the monarchy having legit powers '' thing was more troubling imho . 
  the guy 's son got murdered by terrorists , i feel bad for him but that 's not exactly an excuse to start picking on serbia ww1 would 've still happened though , germany wanted it to happen , if not in 1914 then later , with a different crisis, 
  i do n't praise churchill , in fact i do n't think he was a great guy whatsoever and yeah , it 's nationalism . 
  nationalism is one hell of a drug, 
  he never lived in austria-hungary , so obviously he did n't see the upsides, 
  thank you  informative answer, 
  it would probably be kossuth though , who is n't much better tbqh, 
   wisdom comes from all sorts of places , you 'd be smart to not dismiss a message solely on its conveyor . 
  fine , you 're right , then i 'll just say that i do n't think rowling is a person i would ever take advice from  holding off arguably the greatest armed forces ever after purging your officers and 20m men of fighting age is phenomenal . 
  no it 's not . 
  stalin 's carelessness led them to that situation in the first place . 
  he was so unprepared it hurts , and that cost an insane amount of lives , besides nearly losing everything ... it was a close call , not an impressive performance . 
  you realize that an entire country is not a binary `` warzone '' vs `` not warzone '' , right ? 
  there are still vast areas that are warzones, 
   many roads are in terrible condition , sometimes it 's hard to tell if you 're driving over a pothole or an asteroid crater . 
  why would that ever be fixed ? 
  it does n't benefit putin and his circle corruption.png, 
  even then , what in the world did stalin do that was so impressive ? 
  he literally allied himself with a man whose goal in life was to conquer and genocide the country he led ... he was your ordinary crazy leader , comparable to nero or caligula , not alexander, 
   harry potter it 's literally a children 's book . 
  it 's not exactly something i would take advice from  what the ussr did from the revolution until the 50s was pretty phenomenal no it was n't ... every communist country did the exact same , basically made a completely unsustainable economic model based off heavy industry , so that it could supply the army and give jobs to people ... 
  i wonder how you define `` great historical figure '' here ? 
  do you just ignore that `` great '' implies that he did something positive ? 
  what do a few million innocents matter , anyway , right ? 
  czechoslovakia , the confederate states of america, 
  the rebels are not a functional state . 
  by this same logic we should not attack isis either, 
  mostly the humanitarian stuff . 
  sz\u00e9kesfeh\u00e9rv\u00e1r became a global city ? 
  damn , nice going there also saint petersburg seems to just have vanished and replaced by tallinn, 
  also : information machine -  counting machine ( sz\u00e1m\u00edt\u00f3 + g\u00e9p ) fall place -  garbage colony ( szem\u00e9t + telep ), 
  in hungarian it 's v\u00edzil\u00f3 , ie . 
  water horse, 
  btfo 'd, 
  athens and rome ? 
  literally slaveowning-based societies , who the hell looks up to these . 
  they were slightly less barbaric than the rest in their days , that 's pretty much it . 
  nope , in britain both are accepted, 
  i 'm messaging the makers of res to make it possible to mute anything that is posted with a czech flair that contains the words `` eastern europe '', 
  freedom is a buzzword in america . 
  our dicks do n't get hard every time somebody utters that word . 
  yeah no one 's gon na do that , who even uses the word `` beer '' next to any positive word in the first place, 
  i would prefer not having shitty american buzzwords thrown around in * my * / r/europe . 
  never seen this either, 
  flair checks out,
