  something like `` that 's great sub check it out '' would be enough by far, 
  i hate nationalism too , especially when people see the necessity of a nation-state . 
  i do n't see why it matters who you pay taxmoney to and who does bureaucracy . 
  i fail to see how it benefits me that the people and leaders of the country happens to be hungarian too . 
  i honestly could n't care less if austrians/slovaks/romanians / etc. 
  did the same . 
  only nationalists care about this , ~ ~ that 's why in the medieval hungary the romanians lived peacefully with hungarians . ~ ~ e : ok lets ignore that last part . 
  it was really unnecessary . 
  it did n't contribute to what i wanted to say really . 
  ever is a bit of a stretch , though . 
  transylvania was part of hungary since 1001 , so any nationalist ideal would claim it later too . 
  forgot your / s, 
   implying european countries are homogenous, 
  that 's why we have billboards saying `` sorry about our prime minister '' around the country . 
  even then we 'll complain about something like `` fucking minorities '' or i do n't know . 
  we always find something to complain about, 
  hungarians are never happy, 
  it was , but it 's not a lie to say they liberated us from the nazis . 
  plus there were democratic elections and everything right after wwii , the real soviet occupation & communism only came in 1949, 
  so it 's basically just a `` thx guys '' monument . 
  i do n't see why it should be removed, 
  i still dont get it, 
  does n't this one commemorate that the soviets freed hungary from the nazis ? 
  those are gagauz people , not russians . 
  russians are in transnistria afaik . 
  yeah , -10 winter is good , 
  here it 's regularly +35 in the summer and in winter it rarely goes below -10 . 
  hottest summer days can be 40 + , which are horrible . 
  i mean , you go try to sleep , you 'll end up in a huge pool of sweat . . there is no escape from the heat : / cold is better because you can escape it easily . 
  i think most of hungarians would love to swap places with you guys . 
  especially right now in the middle of july ... . 
  it 's `` holland kir\u00e1lys\u00e1g '' , or `` hollandia '' , the provinces are '' \u00c9szak-holland '' and `` d\u00e9l-holland '' . 
  so i guess the region would be `` holland '' . 
  that would make it more aligned with the nordics ... 
  i see what you did there, 
  thank god livonia does n't exist anymore, 
  we did n't like the weather i think ( though we 'd be better off there in that regard ), 
  why is it not correct ? 
  in hungarian we call the nation `` hollandia '' because we ca n't translate `` netherlands '' in any way so that it sounds like it 's a country 's name . 
  is it incorrect by your standards ? 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%c3%a4iti it comes from gothic, 
  you 're right , istria and dalmatia were in austria , the rest was in hungary , and the hungarian part had a lot of autonomy , do n't know about the austrian parts . 
  for slovenia that makes sense because if i remember correctly they did n't have autonomy in austria . 
  croatia had an autonomy , i think they even had their own parliament , so they probably would n't have more autonomy in yugoslavia then in austria-hungary . 
  ( though a croat could come and confirm this ) . 
  haha  so true, 
  basically all the peaces after wwi were crazy as fuck . 
  no sane person would create yugoslavia and czechoslovakia . . 
  they just wanted to screw over austria-hungary, 
  was n't dalmatia part of austria at the time ? 
  good point, 
  i meant were there any people who supported joining serbia instead of ` just ' full independence from austria-hungary . 
  i was pretty sure there were lots of people who were for independence of croatia , so i wanted to know if there was a group who were pro-serbia . 
  though to be honest i could 've guessed this one . 
  rest in peace, 
  i 'm no croat but were there any croats who wanted to join serbia after independence ? 
  and i thought our politicians were bad, 
  ok , this is what i thought . 
  so they were just a part of the army of their overlord ( s ) , and that 's why serbians are mad at them ? 
  i dont understand, 
  it sucks to have no fucking idea if the government accepts it or not ... how can i * not * find this on the internet ? 
  why is it even allowed to change your flair ? 
  i think that 's mostly because no one had a gun on hand ( luckily ), 
  ' - every eastern european ever, 
  there are stupid people in every nation , the matter is whether there are enough good people to realize that they are just that , stupid people and they should not be listened to, 
  he 's not going to watch it because it 's horrible and disgusting, 
  the word ` pure ' in any ideology means genocide . 
  me too please, 
  if you said that to them i can guarantee you would n't have had a fast and painless-ish death, 
  this is literally the cruelest thing possible in this world . 
  i mean . . imagine yourself as the victim . 
  it it was me , i 'd be like ` well , i will die once anyway ' , but then this ass walks up to me reminding me that i could n't reproduce ( effectively the life goal of any being ) , i 'd be fucking furious . 
  ( sorry if i sound harsh or retarded , i 'm just in a trauma after watching this video ), 
   austro hungary forced croats to kill serbs oh dear , i love it when we do n't learn about important parts of history in the school . 
  tell me about this more please, 
  i can understand most dialects of hungarian , here there was n't as much variation as in germany , but stardardization kinda kills the variety and makes the whole country homogenous . 
  which is bad i think, 
  yup , just like any dialectal variation in hungarian : / standardization sucks . 
  remove standardhungarian, 
  i know , but the priority is given to minority languages too , which swedish most certainly is . 
  but now finnish is a majority there , no ? 
  so the priority is given to swedish because it 's a minority . 
  it says native dialects and languages are given priority . 
  there is a thing known as bilingualism , not sure if you ever heard of that, 
  it 's a broader category than romance . 
  romance only includes languages that are the descendants of latin directly , whereas italic includes a lot of now extinct languages such as oscan , umbrian and faliscan , which were related to latin and were mostly spoken in the ancient times, 
  depends , i personally consider myself catholic even though im not religious at all, 
  that 's one hell of a long vacation, 
  but the horse was in the illiad , that confused me , sorry, 
  yeah there is a pretty stupid hatred between romanians and hungarians , but as i see it 's mostly pushed by the far right , normal people usually dont care about it , only the ` revise trianon ' retards who cant accept facts . 
  infact there 's a lot in common with us . 
  one thing being flags with the middle part cut out . 
  and you know . . living next to each other peacefully for a lot of time . 
  as for relatives , hungarians dont really have too many of them . 
  we have finns and estonians , but theyre very distant relatives to us . 
  we are best friends with poland , we even have a little poem about our friendship . 
  also we have a relationship with austria , because austria-hungary and stuff , we like to refer to them as our ` brothers-in-law ' about wwii , all our goal in wwii was to revise trianon to a sensible level , which was accomplished temporarily , but after wwii every thing was put back to the original . 
  oh my god that is horrible . 
  that sounds about like what hungary was like before 1956 , just replace securitatea with \u00c1vh and ceau\u015fescu with r\u00e1kosi . 
  in the 1980s they made films about it ( they were n't technically legal in the country but i 'm fairly sure a lot of people saw them ) .
