  yeah , it 's like christianity and supporting capitalism, 
  which means that it was n't me who brought it up, 
  no , that 's not how that works . 
  i 'd still be hungarian if my place happened to be part of some other country . 
  that 's not how it works, 
  turkey can house the 3 million refugees . 
  our job is to make coming to europe unappealing for them . 
   i do n't want a single government where a guy like orban could have a significant influence over my life . 
  but , there still would be guys like him anyway . . in fact even in germany right now there are people who support him . 
  there is no way that you can avoid people adhering to certain ideologies, 
  but the divided europe will have a shittier overall military than a united one, 
  much the same as on the country level , it makes no difference ... 
  independence is extremely overrated . 
  hungary was going great while not independent , then went to shit once it became independent and never recovered from it , right until the eu started going , arguably by losing a bit of its independence by joining it . 
  in response to the guy that brought up south korea, 
  i didnt bring up south korea , do you even read the thread, 
  yeah , exactly what i 'm proposing a solution to . 
  make a transit zone on the border between greece and turkey , and ship the seafaring refugees there too, 
  i stated it elsewhere in the thread already that i would prefer it that way though, 
  i do n't think it would be that much of a problem . 
  the eu is a neutral entity when it comes to the conflicts between hungarians and romanians, 
  obviously none of the countries * need * it , but also every country would lose a fuckton by not being a part of it . 
  yeah , i do n't think that too offensive tbh either . 
  people use weird ass phrases with nationalities in them all the time, 
  82 million . 
  but who gives a shit , `` friendorino '' ? 
  i do n't live there , and never claimed that germany could n't keep itself at a reasonable level, 
  sk is relatively huge , 50 million people, 
  to have a good quality of life , you need a good economy . 
  to have a good economy , you need to have a large market . 
  now to have a large market , we need the common market . 
  now , for the common market to be stable , we need a relatively strong state to care for it . 
  yeah google translate hungarian is really bad . 
  they do n't really have a good reason to improve it , and the language is way too different to make it work without some sort of special attention to it . 
  like , once i put some military term in it because i was not exactly sure what exactly it meant and it translated it to * cumi * ... which means pacifier . . so i guess that 's what those military vehicles were lol, 
  he 's frequent , yeah , but i always assumed he was american , because no flair and never mentioned his nationality, 
   they were born in romania . 
  they are romanians ... no , that 's your typical bigoted , nationalist , demagogue bullshit i 've had this conversation enough times with retarded nationalists of many countries , and i 'm fairly bored of it . 
  such a shame though , you seemed like a reasonable person at first, 
   tell me how do hungarians live under romanian rule ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarians_in_romania you can not be fucking serious , to not know about this, 
   i thought you wanted a federation where everybody is equal ? 
  is this the one you want me to answer ? 
  i do n't even understand how this could be a question , dude, 
  sorry , 1.22 million , according to the latest census in romania, 
   what solution would you like to implement ? 
  as for libya , just put boots on the ground for fuck 's sake . 
  the entire country is in anarchy , even a foreign occupying force is better than what they 're going through . 
  as for the guys coming through turkey , well , build a fence , and a really fucking strict policy on who can get through . 
  the people who come though the aegean should be collected and shipped to the same general area as the people arriving overland from turkey . 
  should n't be that hard to collect them , since they 're arriving to the islands , not mainland greece, 
   no offense , but how would you really feel to be part of a federation with your neighbors ? 
  yes  same ruler , same pm , same parliament , yeah  sometime we spend the night over to the one that is closest because it 's too far to go home . 
  but , we do n't want to sleep under the same roof for more than it 's necessary ... jesus christ , that 's one stupid metaphor . 
  the country does n't get smaller or more cramped  how would you like to have a romanian pm for 4 years ? 
  1.3 million hungarians live under romanian rule * right now * . 
  i 'm sure i could manage if they can too . 
  plus , in an insanely mixed country you ca n't really do the whole ` oppression ' the same way antonescu or ceausescu did . 
  you ca n't rely on the ambivalence of the majority population in a country where there 's no real `` majority population '' , like the eu . 
  plus the eu pm would probably better stuff to do than to oppress people for fun and in my opinion , local autonomy should be very strong , like on a municipality/town level . 
  so if the pm is a huge retard , at least the local guy can make it somewhat less unbearable , who would obviously be a local , too, 
   the eu is not a direct democracy . 
  no , neither should it be one . 
   you could only imagine imho what would happen after the federation of europe . 
  the eu could act as a unified entity that can protect its own interests ? 
  you are basically saying that `` eu federalization would make us into germany '' , that 's just not true . 
  * if every single german decided to allow refugees * , they 're still just 1/5th of the country . 
  but not even germans want that homogeneously . 
  if the eu voted as a unified whole , the overall result would definitely be some sort of restrictions on refugees, 
  yeah i do n't want the federation tbqh , not unified enough . 
  there 's no need for powerful internal forces like germany or france, 
   yes , why ? 
  because your username and the way i remember you acting made me think you 're american , especially with the lack of a flair no , nothing is wrong with being closer militarily, 
   the us was first formed , then people from different backgrounds started to move there . 
  so , a federation like that could be possible not really . 
  the us always defined itself as a melting pot , so kind of like `` the place where cultures go to die '' , to assimilate and become part of the american , unified culture . 
  this worked very well to inflate their population and make them a world power without becoming in any meaningful way diverse ( except afro-americans , who are somehow paradoxically not assimilated the same way , and probably never will ), 
   to be ruled by somewhere out of your nation . 
  i am already ruled `` from outside '' , so fuck do i care . 
  but neither will germany , or any other individual country . 
  the entirety of germany will never vote one way ( and even if it , it would be like 20 % of the vote at best ) ... the biggest divide in terms of voting is the generational gap , and maybe class divides, 
   the neonazi supporters of the 4th reich oh boy , i love me a `` debate '' where both sides call each other neonazi ... totally accurate and definitely not simple name-calling, 
  are you even european ? 
   then the only country that will be able to govern the whole federalised eu is germany . 
  but then there would n't be countries ... that 's the whole point ... 
   catholic-majority  hungary that is factually not true . 
  37 % of the country is catholic . 
  even if you only count the religious , catholicism is barely 50 %, 
  what do you mean `` slight chance '' ? 
  with google translate , there is a slight chance that some words are comprehensible at best, 
  eh , english speakers give notoriously stupid names to their kids . 
  i would n't be surprised by that , honestly, 
   i could be wrong , i used google translate for this . 
  if you used google translate then it 's gibberish, 
  yeah , i could n't honestly tell , so just assumed she was a male by default, 
  does n't really matter tbh, 
  well if that 's the point then even their antarctic territory would do, 
  the face of the third guy in the bottom row , lol, 
   why do neonazis always use red , black and white , regardless of their nationality ? 
  maybe to resemble the actual nazi flag , which is red , white and black ?
