  but you arent trying to depict the 3d object , just the surface , which is a 2d thing , and therefore you can project it to a 2d plane, 
  thats not the entire planet though , just one half . 
  you would be right if you said that it was how half the planet looked like, 
  nope , my planet has the pacific ocean, 
  any other peojection also isnt what your planet looks like, 
  then that 's just not a nazi . 
  given that austria-hungary was hungary 's golden age , and every system since that sucked absolute ass and hungary never managed to get back to that level and most likely never will, 
  was n't the vienna thing before hungary 's revolution though ? 
  vienna was pretty much fucked at that point anyway, 
  excuse me why the fuck would hungary be afraid of the ah empire ? 
  similar to the us in south america, 
  i did n't , it 's called a joke, 
  did i say it did ? 
  not into usefulness or relevance tho, 
   unless the langauge is hungarian . 
  goddammit , this coming from a slav of all places, 
  not hard to be more diverse than hollywood tho, 
  you sure about that ? 
  you can really only look at the `` how much money goes in/out '' on a country basis if you look at the statistics . 
  to me it seems a lot like it 's primarily based on the countrywide statistics , the way the money is distributed . 
   the thing about `` mathy '' type people is that they normally suck at language skills . 
  i move a lot around `` mathy '' people , they generally speak languages pretty fucking well . 
  also , as a `` mathy '' person who speaks 3 languages i 'm offended as well, 
  which is n't ? 
  the thing is , it 's not worth it . 
  the west is already very developed , there are few areas that need investment , like wallonia or limoges , but they will never get it because the eu is based on countries , so if the country is developed as a whole then even the regions needing investment wo n't get it . 
  pretty much the entire western eu did and does that . 
  triggered, 
  it is stupid , but one side or the other always seems to find some way to provocate and then the whole process repeats itself again and again and again . . 
  well that explains why cluj is written in a larger font :p i get that it 's for fun , hell i agree it 's a great picture . 
  what i do n't get though is why certain romanians ( not pointing any fingers here ) have the kneejerk reaction of `` omg salty hungarians it 's all ours now u dicks '' . 
  can we at least get a filter option on the sidebar so i do n't have to see the pics of europe ? 
  the map is certainly a fun one, 
  why just that and not the whole transnistria thing ? 
  dont do that dude !, 
  its gon na crush their worldview that hungarians are evil oppressors, 
  oh yeah , the salt , holy shit, 
  also the whole transnistria region during ww2, 
   ~ ~ portugal ~ ~ 42 is the answer ftfy, 
  still though , it 's a very different thing to have someone from hong kong/macau or the chinese mainland . 
  i get that it 's a slippery slope that you guys do n't wan na have to deal with , but i still think it should be possible . 
  i mean , hk and macau are often listed among sovereign nations as if they were sovereign ... 
   oppressive meanwhile minorities in france were forced to wear clogs around their neck for speaking a word of their native language , minorities in great britain were n't given food , minorities in russia also were n't . 
  minorities in prussia were disallowed to build houses . 
  but of course , that you were given education in your native language * for one hour a week only * and that the remnants of feudalism existed and were a burden to all nationalities of the country , of course that is way worse than all of them . 
  i agree , what we did was horrible and should n't have happened , but let 's not forget that at that point in time , every single country was oppressive as shit , way way more than austria-hungary, 
   our minority policy was horrible . 
  yeah , that is kinda sad because with a good minority policy we could 've been a pretty great , multicultural country . 
   horthy rose to power only a year after the trianon treaty was ratified after all . 
  eh , that 's not entirely right . 
  horthy was already active during the wars after 1918 , with his personal army the `` national army '' ( called that because the communist `` red army '' was perceived as very internationalist , which it was ) . 
  he entered budapest in november 1919 , from which point he held power firmly in his hands . 
  this was of course unfair and i agree that it needed to be compensated for somehow , the whole `` let 's divide up the country see how that works '' was probably not the best way to go about it . 
  especially as hungary in october 1918 * just * got a brand new social democratic political system that was very much willing to tackle that issue . 
  and not to mention that the land distribution was not only on czech/slovak populated territory , often hungarian landowners were stripped of their land on otherwise ethnically hungarian territory as well , which means that in the end they just reversed the situation , which is not exactly what the self-determination principle intended at all . 
  i do n't think so , but i might be wrong . 
  someone from budapest would probably know better, 
   if you are not trolling i will bring facts to the table that will obliterate every argument making you regret ever trying to do this . 
  if you are trolling on the other hand . 
  that 's a first class trigger you should know . 
  wish you wrote more so i could use it as a copypasta ... 
  self determination was a stupid concept to start with , nations ca n't `` self-determine '' . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  individuals can , nations are just a group of millions of individuals with wildly different ideas . 
   the closest i can think of is the german minority in vojvodina . 
  yeah that , also gottschee . 
  tough for you , unfortunately the word does n't work the way you want it to . 
   it 's an american construct . 
  literally the dumbest words i 've ever seen on this sub, 
  they were n't exactly independent for most of it , and they were n't an empire, 
   * 3 * romanian provinces triggered . 
  this was in 1918 though , it 's not surprising . 
  people were savages back then , it 's reflected on how they draw their world, 
   and i ca n't believe any south slavic diplomats would advocate for the annexation of any german-speaking area . 
  aside from the fact that they in fact they did annex lots of german-speaking places , there was also the plan to make the czechoslovak corridor such the yugoslavia borders czechoslovakia, 
  they were until 1873, 
   budapest buda and pest were separate cities at this point, 
  back when i still played eu4 it was called commnowealthball , though it went down the shitter when they started adding the whole `` polandball 3d models '' thing . 
  yeah , again we 're back to my point that , its absolutely impossible to know how many muslims there are and where they live . 
   this is what brexiters actually believe, 
  never heard of it, 
  well if you 're on computer , then on the sidebar ( to the right ) there 's a text `` show my flair on this sub . 
  it looks like : '' . . and there 's a button there which says edit . 
  you can just set a flair , do n't have to write out the country every time, 
   elizabeth b\u00e1thory literally who ? 
   france has one of 10 % according to wikipedia it 's 7 % , but really no one knows , because france prohibits collecting religious data on censuses . 
  i do n't know how france manages to function without this type of basic info of the population, 
  how does someone look at a flair and decide that it makes someone a separatist ? 
  no , the eu is n't, 
  not really . 
  i meant in the sense that you needed to `` convince '' more people to agree with the system, 
  switzerland isnt in the eu, 
  it really doesnt matter if its a shithole , though i 've been to rome and its not a shithole, 
  and completely irrelevant, 
  i think the peoples republic of china is the most ambitious , simply because of the sheer amount of people, 
  the capital in rome thing doesnt sound half bad , though i would go for vienna personally, 
   i dislike nationalism in general , do n't hate me pls i do too  basque one is way less dangerous for the diversity ? 
  the spanish one has the potential to almost completely eradicate basque culture . 
  the other way round , not so much . 
  while i 'm not saying that basques could n't potentially also do horrible things to the region , they are still less capable .
