  thanks , 
  well here in hungary they recently made a law that after a given number of not-explained classes that your kid does n't attend , you stop receiving the benefits for that child . 
  so that basically put an end to that here , thankfully . 
  but the situation was basically the same, 
   genetics do matter . 
  to eugenists , maybe  how often do you hear `` gypsies are n't european ? '', 
  never  or `` gypsies do n't belong in europe ? '', 
  basically never, 
  oh , i see , you 're just upset that india is viewed as a shithole . 
  guess what , it is . 
  by the way , no one was talking about any sort of genetics , what the fuck, 
  oh yes , biking . 
  because it 's illegal to drive under the influence of alcohol , you need to bike home . 
  it 's also practical because you can sleep on it in the ditch and protect it from being stolen . 
  i know of a family who lives here , but that 's basically it, 
  well , i usually play `` the resistance '' with my friends , in school and such . 
  `` bang ! '', 
  is also fairly popular these days . 
  also , i 've recently played cards against humanity in hungarian , someone made a homemade version with hungarian politics references and such . 
  it was awesome, 
  same here . 
  literally what . 
  it 's just the thing you mix with alcohol . 
  who tf is obsessed, 
  oh , i 've had arguments with hungarians about the same issue in hungary . 
  for some reason some people think that acknowledging them as a different nationality is racist ( ? 
  ) , and that it 's apparently better to acknowledge them as hungarians , because then it 's more inclusive ( ??? ) ... 
  retarded arguments , and if anything calling them hungarians is more offensive to them usually . 
  but some people just ca n't get enough of the newest western european liberal themes, 
   than serbs . 
  oh boy , prepare for the flamewar about whether gypsy citizens of serbia are serbs or not ... 
  gypsies often refuse to send their kids to school , that 's why they 're poor and have to resort to crime , even . 
  they had just about the same opportunities as a romanian in romania , or a hungarian in hungary, 
  yes . 
  nothing like what you describe tho , usually very poor people with large families . 
  for some reason they refuse to send their kids to good schools, 
  there are only very minor things that i would agree with in each party 's agenda . 
  none of them even mention any issues i care about genuinely, 
  same here, 
  the agglomeration or the run down industrial towns like \u00d3zd , kazincbarcika , tatab\u00e1nya , duna\u00fajv\u00e1ros etc, 
  you ca n't deny being a true eastern european with such rich vocabulary, 
  yes , that is when they made ordnung in the spelling system, 
  i know that * kuka * ( trash can ) comes from the abbreviation of keller und knappich augsburg , which was the brand of garbage truck they used during the austro-hungarian empire . 
  you should also have the * ordnung * in your spelling : it 's * muss * , not ** mu\u00df *, 
  elementary ( 6-14yr ) has about 40-60 students per grade , highschool ( 14-18/19 yr ) has 150-ish, 
  i figured that too , but i got ta make sure you know :p, 
  i meant the romanian minority there, 
  the question was why . 
  i obviously understand this concept , i do n't understand the reason, 
   so nobody sees them as romanian in any way . 
  except that they are recognized as romanian by hungary , for example ... they have their own minority council and stuff, 
  before ww1 we were one of the world 's biggest economies and a world power , with a booming industry and fast urbanization inderbellum , we were pretty much fucked with only italy even willing to trade with us , not to mention all the resources went to the neighboring countries thanks france, 
  it was * the * golden time for hungary , economically speaking . 
  being part of one of the biggest markets in the word at the time does wonders to the economy , especially budapest grew at an insane rate . 
  also , industry became a thing , etc, 
  yeah , i do n't think normal people care about that , anywhere . 
  i do n't think anything unreasonable is illegal to * own * . 
  besides like , drugs , but in practice you can probably get away with anything , just do n't be a retard about it . 
  what , why ? 
  this is incredibly stupid, 
  if they willingly live here then i highly doubt that they are really `` intellectuals '', 
  yeah , usually ( far - ) right wing retards . 
  the normal population usually does n't care , intellectuals even look down on those people, 
  that must be entertaining, 
  what about the rest of the banat or crisana ? 
  now at least we have a well functioning system for minority rights and that stuff that said though , knowing politicians they would fuck it up immediately with some retarded slogan like `` integration '' ... 
   hungarians were taught how everyone liked it that 's just pure bullshit . 
  it 's true that we were n't taught about certain things like cernova ( where 2 hungarian and 5 slovak officers shot and killed slovak nationalist protesters ) and lex apponyi ( basically the same as the current language policy of slovakia ) . 
  but the troubles with the minorities were definitely mentioned and multiple entire classes were dedicated to it, 
  fine , anything important though ? 
  like ? 
  obviously i just would n't move, 
  did anything really change tho, 
  i have this same problem, 
  it has way too many fanboys who constantly praise it everywhere , like it 's a godsend or something, 
  you do n't use your throat for either of those ... 
  my throat hurts just from the thought, 
   non-mainstream, 
  this, 
  yeah, 
  stds are extremely rare here . 
  i do n't see any need to, 
  i do keep words and expressions , but not numbers . 
  and talk to native speakers , or at least watch someone speak it on youtube or something . 
  that is an extremely important part of learning a language, 
  how ... it 's either gross or wants to kill me . 
  or something completely uniteresting like trees or rocks, 
  ok well i can agree with that, 
  i do n't think either of those were ever part of the respective countries you 're trying to hand them `` back '' to ... 
  i do n't have any strong opinion on large groups of people in general . 
  the governments there are mostly unforgivably shitty , but i see that some people there are trying to do something about it , which i support . 
  as for ideology , i despise islam . 
  it 's a really oppressive religion , even more so than christianity . 
  i do n't really see any other major ideologies taking ground there though . 
  democracy seems to still be somewhat unpopular, 
  well to be fair a similar sized union with this many nationalities would n't survive in western europe either . 
  let 's make some colonies too actually . 
  what do you say we colonize crimea or corsica or northern ireland ? 
  genius . 
  and what would be beautiful then ?
