  quote wikipedia :  `` innovators '' sat on the left , `` moderates '' gathered in the centre , while the `` conscientious defenders of the constitution '' found themselves sitting on the right this has always been like this . 
  later :  beginning in the early twentieth century the terms left and right came to be associated with specific political ideologies and were used to describe citizens ' political beliefs , gradually replacing the terms `` reds '' and `` the reaction '' . 
  left was earlier just `` reds '' ( socialists ) while the right was `` reaction '' , like conservatism but more extreme, 
  that 's kind of obvious . 
  the left is the ones who want progress , the right is the ones who do n't or even want to roll back progress . 
  it 's kinda harder to decide what direction progress should take , than to decide that progress * should n't * happen . 
  holy shit how can you be this naive, 
  you get extra for having three or more, 
  i would n't call that irresponsible . 
  they are having kids for a very good reason : money . 
  you are making money . 
  that 's not irresponsible, 
  they wo n't , i 'm calling it, 
  who the hell cares , jesus christ, 
  pretty much everyone knows that the warsaw pact was n't nearly voluntary ... right ? 
  please do n't tell me you think it was there because we liked the soviets or something, 
  i do n't think it has much to do with it . 
  kisjen\u0151 kind of implies it 's a small village : `` kis '' means ` small '' ( and jen\u0151 means that the jen\u0151 tribe settled it ) . 
  if it was a market town then it would most likely have - v\u00e1s\u00e1r ( market ) in its name ( like say roman - rom\u00e1nv\u00e1s\u00e1r , ia\u015fi - j\u00e1szv\u00e1s\u00e1r , t\u00e2rgu jiu - zsilv\u00e1s\u00e1rhely etc. ), 
  how , why ? 
  what ? 
  if you live in the capital , sure, 
  i personally would rather not see the czechoslovak kids shows with full frontal male nudity , but suit yourself i guess . 
   the best place in the world i literally saw a study last week that described my country as less democratic than fucking namibia . 
   nightmares weird way to spell wet dreams, 
  savage, 
  i clicked the link being very interested like oh damn so what do westerners think of us ? 
  and then i was like , `` oh , so * that * east '' ... 
  i believe chi\u015fin\u0103u also comes from hungarian ( kisjen\u0151 , which is also an alternative name of it in hungarian ) . 
  compare chi\u015fineu-cri\u015f which is also kisjen\u0151 in hungarian, 
  that actually sounds reasonable . 
  mods cmon, 
  in west germany as well ? 
  poor souls never had [ this ] ( http://kep.cdn.indexvas.hu/1/0/880/8805/88056/8805653_cf9b5783c714b39ab952de15cfe98e6c_wm.jpg ) . 
  the north is basically the new britain , i do n't think we should appease them , because that will encourage more countries to do so, 
   shitty car but that lasts a lifetime . 
  you 're thinking of russian/soviet stuff, 
  we usually reference users like this : / u/ohll , / u/istencsaszar . 
  what 's nice about this is that they get a message from reddit if someone does this with their username , so you can call anyone into any thread if you want to . 
  also , seeing you 're new , if you 're on pc you should definitely download res ( reddit expansion suite ? 
  ) , which makes the reddit experience much better . 
  ooor , we could just adopt american english ( or make our own standard language based off that one ) and call that neutral . 
  it would be , afterall, 
   redditor for 9 days this is adorable . 
  have fun on the site , 
  yeah , basically . 
  i was kinda referencing the old phrase from the 56 revolution , something like `` son , do n't believe everything you hear in school '' . 
  it was in a film about the revolution and kinda stuck with me as a general rule forever, 
  what, 
  paranoia probably, 
  i agree with you in principle but often you cant trust the education system to help your kid find their own opinions ... 
  i live in a post communist country too . 
  capitalism 's only virtue is that its slightly less shitty than the particular communism that was going on . 
  nothing more . 
  and that is only because there are the non-free elements to the market like minimum wage and workers rights, 
  hungary 's imre nagy is a national hero and i would rathet have it stay that way, 
  not true . 
  hungary in 1985-89 was hardly an oppressive shithole . 
  who is talking about the free market ? 
  it would be even worse . 
  there 's a reason socialism got popular , you know that right ? 
  and that was the free market and the easy exploitation that comes with it . 
  i heard the first one before , not the second though . 
  but non-globalist ideologies are not populist . 
  hell , even nationalism was n't populist at first . 
  back then nationalist politicians had like , programs and plans on what to do . 
  nowadays nationalist politicians are the most typical `` if i get elected will do fuck all and not change anything '' , which is populism . 
  you ca n't just label whatever you want populism , as much as i agree with you otherwise , that is not true, 
  you ca n't really compare that . 
  they do the most trade with the uk because they 're in the union with them . 
  if they did n't , they would n't and it would n't make a difference that big . 
  nowhere near the eu still . 
  up there among world superpowers is what i mean . 
  you have the us , china because economy but after comes the eu . 
  this is a great point . 
  back in the day , nobody believed anything the government said . 
  now some people do , which is really bad , because they lie just as much and just as obnoxiously that said though i would n't say that the particular form of communism before 1989 was better at all . 
  there 's nothing not dangerous about nationalism . 
  it 's an ideology that shaped the world , shaped in the sense that it legitimized genocide , sending millions to fight pointless wars , it promoted racism , xenophobia , deportations , it allowed to forcibly make millions starve , it allowed to enslave people , it allowed to force people into reservations . 
  it - to this day - promotes the idea that nations should be apartheid-style separated from each other , which severely hinders social and technological progress , not to mention that it makes for an unstable world with the larger states being constantly at each others ' throats . 
  and all that for basically nothing in return . 
  yes , and why would n't you take history out of it in the end ? 
  it 's the present that matters . 
  britain may have been the top world power at some point , but today it certainly is n't quite up there , it 's behind germany and not to mention the rest of the eu . 
  sure , if you use such a weak definition of populism then everything can be considered populism . 
  but moving catalonia from being under madrid to being directly under the eu actually has very measurable benefits to the locals . 
  populism is mostly when politicians appeal to people in such a way that is n't actually beneficial for the people themselves . 
  like putin or trump , who create a vision which sounds great when you flavor it with the right ideological background , but they have fuck all to actually offer to the people in reality . 
  all they do ( if they can even be bothered to ) is to show off something that is considered good in their ideological system like trumps wall or putin 's crimea annexation . 
   the national can write an article talking about how important unions are and not wanting to break them up after so much shared history whilst vehemently supporting scottish independence gb as a union is way smaller than the eu . 
  if you need to choose which one to preserve , the eu is way more worthy of that . 
  that is not against the uk btw , i do n't mind it , or even it leaving the eu , it 's just a rational choice here . 
  french people are connected to a nationality , like it or not . 
  france has all but denied even the very existence of other nationalities in france , but france is hardly a trustworthy source on its own demographics : they do n't collect those data , nor do they allow anyone else to gather those data . 
  yeah , however in the broader sense it also has the global implication that everything is neatly separable into nationstates of `` one nation , one culture , one language , one state ( etc ) '' . 
  and the belief that the best thing for the world is for it to stay that way, 
   catalonian seperatism is only acceptable within the far right ideology or in the sense that they want more autonomy and be an eu member by themselves and not under madrid, 
   capitalism is great day to day i 'm more convinced that western europe brainwashes people as much as the commies used to, 
  could say , yeah . 
   awesome,
