  muh nation has to be unified , even to the detriment of others . 
  muh nation did everything right , it 's always those evil others '' you 're a textbook chauvinist . 
  as i said before , in hungary you 'd most likely be first in the line to shitmouth romania and join jobbik , with this mentality . 
   transylvania is rightful romanian territory omfg are people this ultranationalistic , * unironically * ? 
  bet if you were hungarian you 'd be a jobbik member trying to blow shit up yourself . 
   the downvote buttons are n't for when you disagree with someone . 
  no , it 's for when people push their shitty nationalist agenda like yourself, 
   celebrating 2nd viena award as your national day would n't make sense and it would be just fascist dick waving . 
  no , it would be the same as romanias national day , celebrating a day when the nation was truly unified , when finally all hungarians were again inside hungary . 
  nothing fascist about it , it did n't even happen during the fascist era . 
   when romania as we know it was `` born '' . 
  even though it existed for 60 years at that point , but `` we ca n't be a real good nation until we invade some place ai n't that right guys ? '', 
  dude wtf . 
  if hungary celebrated the 2nd vienna award each year , would you have romania 's diplomats participate or not ? 
  let 's be fucking honest , an aggressive invasion of the country is not something anyone should be forced to celebrate, 
   you cant declare independance and be a country . 
  does that mean that serbia is in fact part of turkey ? 
  kaposv\u00e1r to croatia would suck , i would resent not being in schengen . 
  to austria though , i 'd love it, 
  yeah yeah but when you are with others then it 's the driver 's safety at stake . 
  so they wo n't risk that shit, 
  jobbik pages on facebook regularly share antisemitic content , stormfront-style genocide support stuff . 
  their leader now did move to a more populist thing , but the core denounced him for this . 
  they * are * a neonazi party, 
  that guy who was a member of jobbik ( essentially a neonazi party ) and then he found he was a jew . 
  yeah it is . 
  since hungary is landlocked we consider that lake our sea , 
  lake balaton has some awesome beaches , especially on the southern side . 
  cs : go , hoi4 , ck2 , rocket league, 
  it is most likely the greatest game of all time . 
   nobody mentioned romania i was gon na mention romania , because transylvania ... although i suspect hungarians are the least welcome tourists there, 
  idk , hungary 's usually good at making otherwise horror-system `` sort-of-bearable '' , like k\u00e1d\u00e1rism and the ausgleich/kiegyez \u00e9s . 
  this was the only time when it did n't work out ideally . 
  sz\u00e1lasi was a hitler , but let 's not gloss over the fact that he only came to power in late 1944 . 
  in other parts of europe that whole thing started way earlier . 
  humanism , secularism and democracy, 
  too bad it 's become a jobbik fetish now . 
  damn nationalists always ruin everything, 
  i would get literature the fuck out of the curriculum , and especially the maternity exams . 
  it is 100 % useless shit . 
  cut back on the amount of sports classes and make them unisex where they are n't already - or at least make them somewhat optional . 
   yes , we have a school only 2 pupils attend . 
  in hungary we a school with 9 kids . 
  it gets a free pass though , because it 's the only school for the rusyn minority ( they 're not exactly keen on getting their kids into that school it looks like ), 
   non-millionaires  house is more than a million does not compute, 
   hitchhike together well from what i heard , people are way less likely to pick you up when you 're not alone, 
  well i think the primary meaning is the ethnic one . 
  it 's largely useless . 
  autonomous cars achieve the same thing as human drivers , so nothing is gained from it . 
  that 's what estonian means, 
  probably in hungary 's rural areas . 
  government 's been pushing it so hard that it 's ridiculous . 
  almost makes me vomit at this point, 
  we also do n't mr or mrs , however we have lots of other titles , also 4 levels of politeness in language . 
  nope , never heard of him before, 
  this question is most likely bait/a troll , but whatever , europe has its exact definition , look it up please, 
  yeah sure i like that . 
  they should be able to join if they want to, 
   this suggests that we had a choice in the matter . 
  no it does n't  if the people of moldova and romania want it , the two could unite the people are tools , it 's not how that works . 
  international politics thankfully does n't really have to consider what people want, 
  the combination of all the three sounds in there . 
  i have no problems pronouncing ` girl ' or ` whirl ' . 
  but ` world ' is harder . 
  i can only do something like `` wor-uh-ld '', 
  i only find the - rld ending hard , so * world * , * hurled * , * curled * , etc. 
  the others are n't difficult at all, 
  no it should n't , because it was not an illegal annexation . 
  romania traded it for north transylvania . 
  as such , no . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  what ? 
  i never saw you give an opinion on this particular issue, 
   you should know that by now well idk , should i have ? 
  i mean it 's not that far-fetched an idea for an international/supranational state like a european federation to include colonies , of course only when the people there are also treated the same way the rest is and get the same rights etc. 
  if you took it through the 4 ( ? ), 
  years of high school then you can get it back pretty quick especially in a native environment, 
   we have now , we should reclaim that again . 
  would certainly be better for the world . 
  you mean like neocolonialism ? 
  well , at the time when the us adopted those values , they were very progressive , but as time marched on they basically did n't change whatsoever so now those are the conservative or even reactionary values compared to europe . 
  but unfortunately they managed to get most of the world in their sphere of influence , soo yeeah . 
  you can sneakily omit the ` th ' and no one will notice , just make the 's ' longer : siksss . 
  this is something i hear a lot from actual english speakers as well , and [ wiktionary lists it as the primary pronunciation as well ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/sixths ), 
  great britain and especially england is where america has the most cultural influence . 
  maybe sweden as well , but gb is by far the worst in this regard, 
  `` yeah he was a thing '', 
  colonialism, 
   mom mum * ya feckin colonial, 
  same in hungarian - maced\u00f3nia or maked\u00f3nia, 
  yup . 
  though `` maced\u00f3nia volt jugoszl\u00e1v k\u00f6zt\u00e1rsas\u00e1g '' also exists , because we have to adapt international controversies now ... great . 
  yeah ... i mean really who cares about epiphany . 
  it 's literally called the day of the ** water cross ** ( v\u00edzkereszt ) ... lamest name ever as well, 
  us states never had their own diplomatic relations , or armies , or border controls between them , or monarchies for individual ones . 
  it 's not comparable, 
   occitan is my favourite romance language ( along with italian ) !, 
  same :d i also speak italian and can understand a lot of occitan because of that . 
  shame that there 's so few speakers left, 
  it 's when you traditionally disassemble your christmas tree,
