  that would actually make german incredibly convenient, 
  but dude , nobody said a thing about what the people thought about her . 
  he is downvoted because he argued that the people did reject her for it , in an answer to a comment that said that klaus iohannis did n't reject her because she was muslim ( and rightfully so ), 
  i said you could understand french with spanish * and * english . 
  not just one of the two , obviously, 
  and education . 
  education , and mostly the lack thereof is the reason these guys join groups like that, 
  ca n't honestly say i 'm surprised, 
  personally i do n't see any problems with this . 
  italian ambassador is being overly sensitive about something they have nothing to do with, 
  well that was an actual gradual assimilation , not magic . 
  to some extent yes especially in cities people were counted as hungarians even if they were n't but that does n't change the fact that there was actual assimilation at play, 
  we live in the age where this type of dissent is going down . 
  no more terrorism in corsica , in northern ireland , in vasconia . 
  logically terrorism from those sources would decline as well . 
  especially if poverty rates would go down there as well . 
  how is that related to what i just said ? 
  you said that those areas uniting * today * would lead to war and shit , i said no it would n't because we 're civilized people , unlike the people who run these empires at the time . 
  i thought we were in the civilized era . 
   there was no food tbh that probably was a ussr-only thing . 
  there was plenty of food in hungary for example, 
  faux-amis exist between english and italian as well , and i imagine between spanish and english too , so it 's a concept people are familiar with if they know two languages ... 
  i argued that french * was * ( somewhat ) useless to learn , because having learned english and spanish you can understand most of it anyway, 
  ok , i might have exaggerated a bit there . 
  i am 100 % sure that i , knowing english and italian can understand most french texts . 
  so i concluded that someone who speaks spanish well should also be able to do that, 
  english still completely annihilates french in utility . 
  not to mention that an educated person can understand french if they speak spanish and english , which are both spoken by more people, 
  oh , cool :d tbh i never thought slavic languages sounded like hungarian though tbh . 
  mainly because hungarian has no initial consonant clusters at all , while slavic languages are chock full of them, 
   he did you just assume 2016 's gender ? 
  big mistake, 
  ok , so now that people can actually imagine , could you do it with ipa ? 
  because this is impossible to imagine, 
  no not look like the type of person who gets political awards , that 's why . 
  idk about where you are but here you can refuse an award . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_yugoslavia#demographics according to the census , there 's no bunyevci , suggesting that they were simply counted as croats, 
  not really , it was because in yugoslavia bunyevci was not an option to pick on censuses . 
  which is what my original comment referred to, 
  in hungary we call this being a `` biod\u00edszlet '' , which means something like `` live decorations '', 
  no , the state did n't report them as anything , they were given a paper in which they could choose between a fuckload of options for nationality , including bunyevci and croatian . 
  the ones seen here as bunyevci are the ones who chose that and not croatian . 
   does not become a separate ethnic group just by moving to another place like americans , right ? 
  who totally did n't become a different ethnic group either , did they ? 
  why would they report themselves as bunyevci and not croatians then ? 
  both options were present . 
  the serbs who live there now arrived as refugees from the ottoman territories . 
  settled there because the ottomans devastated the previous population of mainly hungarians, 
  oh boy , never heard that one before, 
  i love how all bunyevci just magically turned into croatians, 
  the other dialects didnt descend from tuscan, 
  are you slovak ? 
  i never really heard slovak spoken so i cant tell, 
  `` kacsa '' means duck in hungarian , snake is `` k\u00edgy\u00f3 '' . 
  the melody is probably because hungarian has absolutely no word stress, 
  either engineering or economics . 
  i already checked polimi for english courses , but they only have architecture in english for some reason ... which im not interested in . 
   the slammer that sounds scary asfuck, 
  so basically , facebook with only the posts shared by the shitty friends, 
  do you know a good university there with courses in english though ? 
  fuck me if i am equated with the government 's policies i did n't even get to vote for . 
  the country is a piece of land , the state is the state and the people are the people . 
  three completely different things, 
   germans are morally superior to countries like hungary or the uk wow must be a great feeling to be superior than an inanimate object, 
  the same ones are used in the balkans and hungary too, 
  stay safe pls, 
  do you live in libya ? 
  he did n't have the means to do it , but sure as hell he would have, 
  thanks, 
  no , that would be `` sulla casa '' if i 'm right , italian redditors pls confirm, 
  the eu either looks after the citizens or looks out for the countries . 
  cant do both . 
  still better than the habsburgs at the time , soooo, 
  that is fair , however i do n't think the best way to do this is to post meaningless pictures here and work from there . 
  why not ask questions in self posts , those are great for example , i love those threads . 
  just make it harder to maintain refugee status and to keep the benefits . 
  anyone who commits a crime is not a refugee , they 're criminals . 
  they should not be eligible for refugee benefits ever again in the eu , once they commited a crime in the eu, 
   imposing its law , currency and ideas on sovereign states . 
  * having its law , currency and ideas adopted voluntarily by sovereign states  for a poor parisian immigrant living in a modern day banlieue it probably does n't feel too far away from a persecuted minority in the times of nazi germany so ? 
  france is pretty ultra-nationalistic , it has always been  the state currently has more info on you than ever before the eu did n't do that because it ca n't do shit . 
  mostly the uk and france did this , themselves as well  it is more militarized than wartime only france , only because of its own decision, 
  that 's the reason prostitution exists, 
  no ofcourse they are n't . 
  both nationalism and extreme religion is the same thing : taking identity into politics . 
  the extent to which may differ but really they are the same . 
  the thing is , with that many russians , the eu can claim that it 's the one protecting the russian minorities , while putin is the one oppressing . 
   yeah sure you have some crazies . . that 's exactly the same way it works with the males . 
   we can at least be sure there 's no pressure from outside forcing them to be the way the are no we ca n't lol . 
  there 's already shittons of muslims in europe , mosques etc. 
  you would only achieve that the new migrants are female only , which is completely useless  plus their children will be half european you could achieve the same effect by getting only the males . 
  or even better effect by only letting in children , who would have to be taken to state care , thereby making them culturally completely european . 
  this whole `` females only '' thing makes no sense except to make young males feel better either because `` m ` lady and fedora '' or `` at least they do n't rape as much '' . 
  not coincidentally by the way , this same thing is the quran approved way to handle non-muslims in sharia law . 
  ( only let foreigner women come , no foreign men ) , because of the male dominated societal model . 
  who cares, 
  * finnish * es *, 
  the borders are decorations , they are nonexistent in an ideal europe, 
  the ottoman empire oppressed everyone , including turks . 
  seriously , can we stop equating states with nationalities ?
