  yes , definitely . 
  its perfectly capitalist . 
  dont forget that communism had many different faces too . 
  communism in , say , romania or north korea was incredibly bad , but in say hungary or czechoslovakia it was ok, 
  im sorry but thats stupid . 
  sure enough , everyone was poor , but atleast no one was rich . 
  it was settled that everyone had the same amount of wealth , albeit small . 
  it wasnt as bad as you make it out to be . 
  the amount of poverty we had wouldve been even worse under capitalism . 
  i would argue that socialism is a great destroyer of poverty . 
  in communism , there were exactly 0 homeless people and 0 unemployed . 
  0 people were unable to afford food , 0 people didnt have access to healthcare . 
  no one was rich , ofcourse , but no one starved either , unlike today . 
  im not advocating to reestablish what was going on there , but alienating the idea this hard is just lying to ourselves, 
  yeah , unfortunately . 
  in hungary they made a facebook group `` one million people for the wales-iceland finals '' . . 
  did n't you mean `` meulc cu '' ? 
  iirc in french ` eau ' is ` o ' and ` eu ' is ' \u00f6 ' . . 
  would also be great if it had subtitles in all eu languages, 
  you casuals do n't know about iso standards , do you : remindme !, 
  2016-7-10 `` iceland won the ec '', 
  not sure who is downvoting you , you are right, 
  we did n't learn about the eu in detail in school , because apparently it was more important to learn about the 1848 revolutions in detail , or basically everything before that in way too much detail . 
  thank you education system, 
  yeah it 's a bit of a weird thing about digraphs like sz , gy , zs , cs etc. , because they look like they would be very hard to pronounce . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would n't look as scary if it looked like this : \u0160omo\u010forsag, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmlxbktchn0&amp;ab_channel=petozsolt1991 ) , at 1:42 ... and yeah i know it probably looks difficult because it works differently from indo-european language . 
  i think it is n't extraordinarily difficult though . 
  my flair is just the local name of my region , ` somogy ' + ` orsz\u00e1g ' ( country ) ... 
  it 's easy . 
  sure , you might need to spend some time learning the [ grammar ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ync99/the_word_for_war_in_different_european_languages/cyf5vez?context=3 ) , but it 's pretty tame . 
  :p just drink a bit of p\u00e1linka and start on duolingo , it 's available now for hungarian, 
  it 's just the name of the region i live in ... 
  you just didnt try hard enough :p, 
  holy fuck this is amazing . 
  thank you based eu . 
  / r/celticunion, 
  no , actually , unemployment goes down with so many people emigrating, 
  britain is not one big voter , millions of brits voted to stay, 
  i too remember villages being razed after referendums . 
  yup . 
  would love to see that in the near future, 
  yes . 
  the eu would support the poorer parts anyway , its how the eu works and tbh , dismantling the big powerful states in the eu would lead to a more powerful ep , which i would love to see, 
  to the eu , these countries arent foreign , they are member states, 
  pretty sure it wouldnt make much of a difference . 
  after a while everything would settle and you would get a more stable system than ever . 
  i dont think image matters in this case . 
  im fairly sure that within the eu people should be able to organize themselves into countries freely . 
  no , on election day you might get a bsd candidate , but atleast that guy is half aware of whats going on , unlike the general public . 
  and if its the politician made that mistake that took the country downhill , you can jail that politician and go on with your life , but you cant do that with a referendum , at which point the people have the worst power ever : unlimited power with zero responsibility towards anyone . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  i dont see any reason why it should be the way it is, 
  thats incredibly unfair to those who voted to not commit suicide . 
  what a great thing , where the others can fuck you over just for living in the same general area . 
  goddamn , its sad to see that scotland is forbidden to stay in the eu according to the democratic vote , because spain is being a massive dick about catalonia . 
  fuck spain , seriously, 
  this is exactly what i mean . 
  they can practice at home , maybe even come together with friends and pray , but i dont think there should be community buildings for just this purpose . . those buildings could have much better uses anyway , like housing refugees , housing the homeless , etc. . 
  make eurozone great again, 
  well a forint is 4x10 ^ 29 peng\u0151 , so, 
  you make it out like its something worth protecting, 
  lei is cheating , its actually 45000 lei , isnt it ? 
  i dont think that is a disadvantage for anyone . 
  still feels like that, 
  wow , your currencies dont suck , that must be a great feeling . 
  its usually 300 forints for a euro, 
  what disadvantages ? 
  every day im getting more and more convinced that organized religion should just be banned altogether . 
  those churches and mosques could be used for much better purposes anyway . 
  this is not latin my friend . 
  wait until it becomes the official language of the eu and after that you can go crazy with the declension, 
  * austria hungary please . 
  habsburgs liked us more than austria anyway, 
  only the `` winners '' were there anyways, 
  holy crap did you really accuse caroberto , an italian who didnt speak hungarian of commiting magyarization ? 
  holy crap . 
  stop projecting your nationalistic wordview to the middle ages , nationalism didnt exist and nobles didnt care about anyones nationality , how amazing those days were . 
  and this law only forced ppl to convert to catholicism . 
  romanians were ofc mainly orthodox , but that didnt stop romanians from owning land , many converted to catholicism and many romanians are catholics to this day . 
  one of hungarys greatest heroes , john hunyadi was a romanian from wallachia , he held the title `` voivode of transylvania '' . 
  talk about prejudice against romanians ... about the assimilation thing . 
  assimilation also happens naturally . 
  when people dont form a big enough community they will start to assimilate . 
  this happens to hungarians too , in various countries , like romania , slovakia , ukraine , serbia , austria , slovenia ... its not only about oppression, 
  i support having more ppl who have power in the eu , but not this fucking guy, 
  i think the eu needs to asap make a law that states seceding from any member states will also be automatically members too . 
  its the right thing to do , also fuck spain . 
  the madrid government is a bunch of cunts, 
  can confirm, 
  because most of the direct democracy is based on a incredibly local level , in cantons . 
  within such a small place , you can easily grasp all issues , but that 's not so easy on a country or eu level . 
  no , more like , elected , educated , accountable people . 
  the general people are neither of these , as such they should n't be tasked with making choices for me . 
  you can still see the usename - sky ** pl ** is pretty much a dead giveaway , no ? 
   democracy is about having the people be hurt or rewarded by the choices that they themselves make . 
  that is fucked up . 
  i 'd emigrate if that was a system where i lived, 
  you should totally get res if you do n't have it tho . 
  it offers much more than just the tagging,
