   so racist because we do n't care about shitty foreigner opinions and wo n't waste time trying to explain them that we 're not, 
  again , you can easily call for violence and not be punished unless you do it in really really public speech . 
  the same is true for holocaust denial, 
   your right to think your right to think is n't the same as freedom of speech . 
  nobodys gon na arrest you even if you say that out in public when it 's banned . 
  the point is to ban such opinions from really influential places such as actual political speeches and television, 
   restricting speech is wrong - historical fact morality is anything but facts, 
  according to oxford , music is :  vocal or instrumental sounds ( or both ) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form , harmony , and expression of emotion . 
  so , yeah it could be, 
   mandatory it 's mandatory here too . 
  that does n't make people go to the event . 
  it does so in sweden ? 
   '' \u0413\u0440\u043e\u0437\u043d\u044b\u0439 '' means `` formidable '' weird , the hungarian version ( rettegett iv\u00e1n ) means ivan the feared, 
   entertainment oh yes , that thing where literally no one is present unless they really need to be, 
   this is not even music top lel, 
  um , am i not calm ? 
  that is why the eu needs to federalize the moment the uk leaves . 
  we 're not planning to , dont worry, 
  and if they do n't then they 're just being sexist ? 
  if they do vote for girls , cool . 
  if they do n't , cool . 
  why is it necessary to have some arbitrary amount of girls in parliament ? 
   government 's job is to make it as fair as possible . 
  whos in parliament is n't even unfair . 
  hell , your suggestion would just make it less fair , openly putting girls in parliament when they are n't being voted for, 
   it means the government is n't doing enough to push girls into political jobs . 
  and the governments job is to get women in the parliament because why ? 
  should we also have quotas for representation of , say , blonde people if the people elect brunettes ? 
  let 's pursue democracy and not idiotic quotas, 
  top kek, 
  got ta be [ tejf\u00f6l ] ( https://www.google.hu/search?q=d%c3%b6d%c3%b6lle&amp;rlz=1c1gigm_enhu562hu562&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewifozgw7nlpahukfxokhycdcouq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=794#tbm=isch&amp;q=tejf%c3%b6l ), 
  topkek, 
  this looks so gorgeous , thank you so much  also that website name , nationalsecurity.ru ... 
  thanks, 
   the only way that would ever change is making sure that any kind of ` stronger ' eu is obliged to guard regional/cultural integrity of its peoples . 
  this is why the eu needs to adopt national personal autonomy . 
  basically to setup cultural institutions based on ethnicity/nationality only and make people loyal to those instead of the lines on the map, 
  do you happen to have one with all the little units ' names as well ? 
   try and force a nation state out of one of the multicultural areas on the planet and then complain about it being too homogenous . 
  you just described every nationalism in europe . 
  you 're better off blaming all the idiots in the french revolution who popularized this shitty idea in the first, 
  my version is better cause you know , it does n't involve human rights violations, 
  tbh as long as it involves nation states it 's still horrible , but it 's better than the current europe, 
  swedes in finland and estonia could be reunited with the rest of swedes, 
  think we should just try and see . 
  you know , for science , 
  i get what youre saying but think about this . 
  the difference we are talking about here is close to nothing . 
  its like if the street you live in got renamed . 
  sure , you may have liked the old one , but in the end its not a big deal . 
  hoi only every had the war aspect . 
  victoria is way more than that . 
  that said though if you only want the accurate battle sim then hoi is way way better than vic, 
  after you 've played with the pop system you just ca n't go back . 
  eu4 will feel like a fun arcade game afterwards . 
  especially after playing with a good mod like hpm or pdm . 
   capitals and basic stuff about all of europe we had to memorize all the capitals of the world . 
  tbh though i still recall most of them, 
  almost as confusing as latvia , lithuania and fuckin * lettgallia *, 
  good girl :p, 
  chukchi is also siberian clan . 
  though i knew that before eu4 too, 
  victoria 2 is way better, 
  also for many other nationalities such the flemish , the catalans , the romanians , bulgarians , swedes if the balkans eventually joins the eu then all those nations too . 
   i did n't expect hungary to be in favor of this in hungary there 's also the factor that a federal europe would mean that most of the nation is finally under the same flag again ( except the people in serbia and ukraine ), 
  it 's a reference https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/sep/08/aleppo-gary-johnson-syria-war-question, 
  can we have a high quality download if we ask nicely ? 
  great arguments , truly eye-opening, 
   some people are honest and admit they ~ ~ have no fucking idea ~ ~ literally could n't care less ftfy . 
  as i have said many times , most people could n't care less what the country they live in is called , as long as their life is effectively the same, 
  it 's not that impressive to know what peoples ' names mean ... 
  hungarians looove calling people by ethnic names that they are n't . 
  just off the top of my head i know people named russian , vlach , gypsy , slovak , turkish , german , polish , croatian , bulgarian , two different variations of serbian , sz\u00e9kely , czech and bosniak . 
  all ethnic hungarians of course . 
   '' not feeling as true citizens in their own country '' oh no worries , the hungarians feel like full citizens when it comes to welfare , benefits etc. 
  this is a very common phenomenon . 
  it 's because it 's much easier to hate a group of people who you barely ever interact with . 
  you could probably make up similar statistics about hungarians and their opinions of romanians . 
  as someone not from budapest , can confirm . 
  i 'd personally prefer an eu-wide system of autonomous municipalities , similar to switzerlands cantons, 
  you 're joking about that , but for example hungary would be more than happy to become a part of austria again . 
  just think about all that sweet investment and infrastructure, 
   the hungarian minority in the region that is n't that prominent looking at the whole thing though, 
  see ? 
  transylvania * loves * hungary . 
  rightful hungarian clay, 
  that is one dumb ass system . 
  i want to vote for the european parties , not these little shits in hungary, 
  i thought in the ep elections you vote for the european parties ? 
  there are also people who think that the thousands of teachers in turkey were fired because they simply were n't skilled enough , nothing to do with erdogan does it ? 
   feels kinda weird to be older than a country tbh . 
  afaik it used to be the biggest joke to tell ppl that you 're older than slovakia in hungary, 
  theres no evidence , but it 's blindingly obvious . 
  there 's also no evidence that putin had to do something with boris nemtsovs death , but lets not lie to ourselves, 
  by that point there should be an all out federalist party to vote for . 
  hopefully one that 's semi-popular too, 
  yeah i guess it 's part of it . 
  the moment the uk leaves the eu you win anyway . 
  you will have literally a whole continent just to help fuck over britain . 
  it 's literally napoleons wet dream .
