  pushing pieces of paper around is still a legitimately and you go forward via your own labor . 
  i despise capitalists who get rich from others ' labor much more, 
  i think china would do it too if there were any separatists movements wanting to join . 
  there would n't be any actual battles . 
  the us would n't be able to cope with the pr nightmare of having to fight on their own soil against peaceful secessionists, 
   ukraine never gave them one . 
  and neither will russia ( at least not a fair one ) . 
  so why is russia good ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  south africa functions perfectly with lesotho inside it for example . 
  it would cause a bit of a hassle , but i do n't think it would affect much . 
  even less so if you made a free movement thing like ireland and the uk back in the day, 
  \\ ^ the true meaning of the panslavic colors, 
  weird because i like fish in general , but do n't like the hal\u00e1szl\u00e9 they make out of it . 
  much better as r\u00e1ntott hal imho . 
  ( pls dont lynch me ), 
  probably the orange too . 
  in my experience , people wanting the exotic language usually go for finnish instead : / i guess i can understand because finnish is more regular and less confusing probably, 
  no , we eat fish over here, 
  very true . 
  my favorite example of that is ` reich ' , like in frankreich, 
  i keep hearing this . 
  where is this the actual christmas custom ? 
  exactly . 
  pointing this out instead of an argument is an ad hominem, 
  yeah . 
  i think the difference is that the uk does have a functioning overarching government over the constituent countries . 
  if the eu had the same , things would be very different, 
  the uk is n't a unitary state , what are you talking about ? 
  a unitary state is a country with no autonomy anywhere , like france or hungary or poland or slovakia or romania . 
  even germany is n't a unitary state . 
  maybe france was a bit of an overkill but i definitely stand by my opinion on germany, 
  this is n't uk bashing . 
  it 's a pretty obvious fact that the eu ( 500 million people ) has a larger potential than the uk ( 60 million people ), 
  nobody wants to learn hungarian, 
  inb4 sultan bridge, 
  this is like , the most well known stereotype of dutch people ... 
  tall and wears orange, 
  can confirm, 
  thats what corruption does to countries, 
  in a world without kinky japanese porn :p, 
  wait are you serious ? 
  germany in itself has a larger potential than the uk , france as well , so no fucking shit : the eu has more potential than the uk . 
  you realize that olive oil is not nearly as important as oil right ? 
  no , it 's a smaller union , so it has less potential, 
  scotland has oil, 
  almost twice as many for stay than leave, 
  the uk is a minimal union , its potential is nowhere near that of the eu, 
  that 's the united arab emirates i think, 
  you mean slovakia will [ revise trianon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_vienna_award ) , as is tradition, 
  if it was about protection of their family they would 've moved to switzerland like a logical person . 
  its hardly protecting your family if you die on the battlefield fighting for hitler/stalin , the right wing idea is to replace hitler/stalin for muh motherland and suddenly the troops will actually feel good about marching to their deaths, 
  and they 're all mine ? 
  thank you internet person , youre very kind, 
  nagorno karabakh isnt actually in europe . 
  you rarely see armenia in this sub anyway, 
  kosovo didnt join albania so theres no double standard . 
  i would love to see an independent crimea but thats clearly not whats happening, 
  did i just see a pro russia troll get his proofs ? 
  its a glorious day isnt it, 
  well that implies that you are too, 
  my women ? 
  where are all those ? 
  i never found any, 
   once you have free movement of persons , goods , capital and services , you essentially have all elements that form a coherent society . 
  well plus obviously laws and something that has executive powers like a government, 
  the only time it backfires if they go to war , which is literally impossible at this point , so i 'm all for it, 
  we will take back syria and egypt, 
  to individual states - no ( please do n't let orb\u00e1n do whatever he wants in here ) . 
  to individual people - yes, 
  make europe great again, 
  well that is true for literally any country that has existed or will exist . 
  i do n't want to refer to these as such . 
  i 'm saying that almost all deaths of both world wars are the fault of right wing ideas like `` fighting for the mother/fatherland '' , `` national victory '' etc. 
  the soviet policy is obviously a leftist thing , i 'm not denying that ( not sure what would even imply that i think that ), 
  yeah fair point, 
  well i meant right as in jingoists . 
  for ww2 it was started by germany , so that all counts for the right , though the ussr would 've started something sooner or later anyway , i still think it 's germany 's fault, 
  i do n't think so . 
  in my school ( i 'm in highschool ) they gave us all a badge , they said only to wear when we represent our school somewhere . 
  i did n't wear it a single time , and neither did most of the others . 
  i personally do n't think it should be a thing . 
  some people might enjoy it , but the majority will hate it with a passion . 
  eh , not sure . 
  for example you count both world wars for the right, 
  yeah . 
  though i think the main point is , we realize how disgusting it is if anybody ` from above ' wants us to do something their way . 
  we want the rules to make sense . 
  and limiting the freedom of students does not, 
  and that matters because ? 
  this is what americans actually believe, 
  tbh it should be illegal to have dress codes . 
  tbh if school uniforms were still a thing most students would just not wear them . 
  fuck the system . 
  this is not 1968 , nothing would happen to the student or their parents , so who cares, 
  jesus fucking christ , why ? 
  now this is actually fucking legendary, 
  of course , who else but a pole ? 
  now you know how we feel when you draw europe, 
  actually he ca n't veto things , i looked it up .
