   munich was about taking the industrial and defenseable regions from czech part , the wien one was about upsetting slovaks even more and weakening czechoslovakia even more . 
  well you know , also all the parts that never should 've been part of czechoslovakia were ceded to someone more appropriate . 
  czechoslovakia was mainly the product of french imperialism in the need to cede as much land as possible to their allies , without regard to anything else . 
  fluent : hungarian , english can hold a conversation in : german , italian i can also understand most other romance languages ( besides romanian ) , but i ca n't speak them , i always reply in italian or english, 
   when you joined hitler which was like , 3 years after the revision ( at least the 1938 one ) . 
  everything was solved by april 1941 . 
  hungary joined ww2 in june 1941 . .  to give some power and federalise it well ( czecho - ) slovakia never was willing to give autonomy either , so ... ? 
  stalin annulled the revisions to trianon , along with churchill, 
   ~ ~ karma ~ ~ stalin is a bitch  ftfy :p, 
  and austria comes second, 
  stop caring so much . 
  countries are not something of importance, 
  1920 never forget, 
  yeah , they did translate it to many languages . 
  the original is still the best tho < 3, 
  oh yes i know that one . 
  its amazing, 
  :o i did n't know that, 
  if there 's a place that is n't based on patriarchal tradition , it 's post-communist eastern europe, 
  make sure never to mention the latter part to non-slavic eastern europeans though , it is incredibly offensive, 
  well in my town mcdonalds is the only fast food place so tough luck here , but you can order some glorious pizza which is worth its price, 
  mcdonalds is fucking overpriced man . 
  literally the only thing that 's worth the price is the default cheeseburger for roughly 1 $, 
  we have those technically separated ( hungarian language and literature ) , but in 99 % of cases it 's with the same teacher so it might as well be the same, 
  they 're part of history , literature and biology respectively, 
  oh lol here we do n't have society or philosophy classes . 
  i personally just think that in literature class you could discuss all that , and then literature class would n't be a useless waste of time . 
  i think nationalism starts when someone starts to think that their feelings about their country/region/nation / whatever should be politically represented  good free public education ( rational critical thinking ) you raise a good point here , but many times public education does n't even encourage critical thinking . 
  sure , you have math and a bunch of others that help out with critical thinking about science , but you never have critical thinking about society or other practical issues . 
  the most stupid thing is what they make you read in school . 
  instead of the one millionth shitty romantic novel they could definitely fit in something from plato , from nietzsche , from marx , whatever . 
  something that resembles critical thoughts instead of art . 
  do n't get me wrong , art has its place , but not in school, 
   european countries have very different expectations and visions of the european project you mean people have different opinions , right ? 
  countries as inanimate objects can hardly have opinions, 
  jobbik supporters, 
  rip orange cars . 
  you would expect more orange from the netherlands ... 
  well , if i had to sing something i 'd obviously go with the new hungarian anthem https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h49ranhn9k8&amp;ab_channel=bse86, 
  the ones nobody reads, 
  too bad it doesnt make sense for anyone else, 
  communism wiped away anything similar to that , i believe before that germans and jews were pretty well respected ( the latter only until hungary slowly descended into fascism ), 
  rallying is somewhat popular , but not wrc . 
  nobody cares about that , everybody watches the national championship or erc . 
  i may be biased because i actually know someone who actually won the national championship once though, 
  why do you need to houses for a parliament though , i always wondered . 
  i mean i can understand the reason for the british system , its a relic from the times when you needed to separate aristocrats and non aristocrats . 
  but the american thing just doesnt make sense . 
  did they seriously copy everything this hard ? 
  i dont get it, 
  the rich dont buy houses , they build them usually . 
  it means that you are allowed to live here , and in the rest of the eu, 
   men have huge mustaches . 
  yeah mustaches are not exactly trendy anymore ...  paprika well that 's true :p paprika is love , paprika is life . 
  pizza with paprika on it is to die for  motherfuckers want to oppress us what a stupid thing to say . 
  in the eu you literally fucking ca n't oppress anyone , except slovakia found a sneaky way you bastards . 
  :p today 's hungary is nothing like hungary 100 years ago , we passed pretty progressive minority laws now , by which i mean you can literally live a whole life without having to learn hungarian , and a bunch of others . 
  in other words , everything is ready for the trianon revision now ... , 
  yeah that seems about right . 
  many people just go to some random places in the wild , put up a ` bogr\u00e1cs ' and make some goulash or other traditional dish, 
  there are stereotypes of slovakia ? 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  the only one i heard of is the `` basically czechs '' thing . 
  also what are the stereotypes of hungary ? 
  asking you because neighbors, 
  german , probably . 
  french has a counterintuitive spelling/pronunciation and a bunch of weird shit in general . 
  i would definitely say that other romance languages are easier than german , but french is n't . 
  thanks  i knew it was from languagelearning but i didnt know the actual origin story, 
  where is this meme coming from btw ? 
  not all of it , some of the big hungary is out of the picture . 
  it 's best fit to show the [ areas actually populated by hungarians ] ( http://www.hunsor.se/magyar1000ev/hungarians_incent_europe.jpg ), 
  yeah but zoomed out . 
  what were you expecting ? 
  would n't these cause outrage in germany ? 
  it 's zoomed way out , to show the areas that are n't in hungary but populated by hungarians, 
  weirdly enough over here people do n't feel strongly about it , except far-right idiots, 
  yeah . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.map.hu/galeria/orig/1263_a_karpat-terseg_hegy-_es_vizrajza.jpg ) is what these look like btw . 
  well that 's a bit different though . 
  slovakia and romania have pretty major towns which are majority hungarian , but there are some in ukraine and serbia too . 
  the amount of hungarians living in the neighboring countries is roughly as much as the whole population of slovenia . 
  1 in 6 hungarians live there . 
  so it 's a necessity to include those to have anything called `` national '' to be meaningful, 
  it 's not that bad actually . 
  we just learned to ignore borders . 
  not even kidding , i saw many times that people ( especially organizers ) act as if romania , slovakia , serbia and ukraine are just counties of hungary . 
  so they would count the 19 regular counties plus romania , slovakia , serbia , ukraine . 
  and most maps of hungary in school textbooks are a bit larger so you can see the relevant parts of romania and slovakia as well . 
  slovenia is basically russia m8 everyone knows that / s, 
  bears only live in transylvania and russia . 
  but those dont look edible, 
  i agree on the rabbit bit , and from horse you can make good kolb\u00e1sz . 
  thats not true tho . 
  everyone knows they speak romanian as their second language there / s, 
  well i didnt know the hungarians do a lot of porn thing either , but apparently we do have the highest amount of pornstars per capita, 
  here the stereotype is that you all eat snails and other disgusting shit, 
  fidesz is like jobbik lite on the outside , but the main point of fidesz is stealing, 
  i love it when these types of stupid people get called out for their bullshit by the very people they claim to know so well, 
  more like the nazi cops i think .
