  yeah ... 
  we have plenty of fighe di legno in hungary too, 
  centralization in eastern europe pls . 
  to get like no correlation , lol, 
  get out, 
  i think he 's under the illusion that serbia is somehow dangerous to nato countries, 
  edgy, 
  [ this ] ( http://hu.budapestbeacon.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/nazis2.png ) is what neonazis look like . 
  note the flag, 
  niiiice, 
  good bot, 
  did n't even notice before lol, 
  jesus christ the hungary one looks like it 's been pulled out of a neonazi 's house, 
  til hungary is n't a country lol, 
  you 're saying it as if anyone during world war 2 cared about what the geneva conventions or human rights were, 
   we 're turning in circles here . 
  i agree with most of what you 're saying . 
  alright , great  the point is that the government is not forced to protect you just because you 're a citizen . 
  you 're being very idealistic here . 
  almost naive . 
   there is historical precedent for that . 
  fdr incarcerated more than a hundred thousand innocent american citizens just because they had japanese ancestry ( even if just 1/16 ) . 
  their legal citizenship did n't help one bit . 
  the social concept took control . 
  well , yeah . 
  in fact this happens in america to this day , mexicans get deported all the time , even if they 're citizens . 
  i think that this has more to do with america 's failure to be a functional society , rather than with the concept of how citizenship relates to nationality . 
  there are numerous countries where this still works this way , for example romania or estonia . 
   this is the risk that comes with defining britishness in another way than the legal way . 
  you just said that it was subjective . 
  if it 's subjective , then there 's no point in defining it in any sort of way , because people will disagree  no , having british ancestors that go back 400 years does n't make you more british than someone who has `` only '' 300 years of british ancestry . 
  that 's absurd . 
  i do n't agree with that sentiment either . 
  it 's more of an identity and belonging to a community sort of thing , and it 's closely related to upbringing . 
  the point is that it 's not connected to citizenship . 
   if people start defining citizenship just stop . 
  people do n't define citizenship , never did , never will . 
  the citizenship is an arbitrary thing , which is irrelevant to anyone 's daily life . 
  britishness is subjective as fuck . 
  the government gives citizenship to whoever the fuck they want . 
  the citizenship does nothing , but force the government to give you the same rights . 
  it does n't make someone british , nor does the lack of it necessarily make someone not british . 
  but that is a legal thing and has nothing to do with what the poster above you was talking about . 
  you are the one that brought up the government as if it has anything to do with that . 
  the only thing the government does is that it hands out citizenship , essentially a voucher that entitles you to protection by the government . 
  thinking that it has any implication besides that , especially cultural ones , is a long-standing nationalist meme , and is laughable, 
  holy shit , did you just say that if you think that citizens are different from each other you 're supporting government oppression of different people ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  them being british or non-british has nothing to do with the government , that 's what he was arguing , and your answer to that is that `` but the government '' ... fucking western nationalism , jesus christ, 
  since i 'm using reddit is fun , i dont see the url, 
   they 're just young dumb kids with romantic bullshit illusions . 
  much like any army ever . 
  there 's not really a way you can make anyone join that shit without some sort of propaganda , and romanicism is a good type of it, 
  it was removed , what did it say ? 
  so neckbeard or legbeard ? 
  no , not really , the intent is the exact same , just the author has less of an outreach . 
  also what an immature thing to criticize him about , given that he probably does n't support erdogan . 
  this blatantly fallacious `` but ur cuntrys leader bad so your opinion is invalid '' is so incredibly immature , it perplexes me how it 's still somehow viewed as ok to throw it in like an argument . 
  oh no , people in power in the present are still doing the exact same thing they 've always been doing since time immemorial ? 
  holy shit , this is a work of a real genius, 
  yeah sure , there 's a bunch of different types , like religious identity , gender identity , etc, 
  nationality is an identity . 
  i 'll think about another thing next time ca n't wait to know what that 'll be, 
  yeah i 'm actually quite ignorant about what happened during the crusade of varna . 
  i know that after that , john hunyadi led a very successful campaign into bulgaria , and his son was very intent on continuing that and possibly acquiring it even, 
   unfortunately i could n't \u2702 those lovely of yours . 
  honey ... how could you even have such a horrible thought ?!? 
   you wan na peel that for ya ? 
  not particularly , even though i 'm a european federalist . 
  i do n't think european even is a nationality, 
   go to sleep my love ... i already have . . now what did you want to surprise me with for a good morning ? 
  i 'm really curious as to how i could drown in my bathtub , seeing as i can barely straighten my legs in it you 're gon na have to try something else , my dear, 
  that would just make me even less sleepy, 
  there , thanks, 
  idk i 'm still not sleepy though, 
  you have a really evil grin . . 
  i am concerned for your dress ... make sure not to ruin it, 
   oh ... just trying to cut a rebel thread on my dress sounds fun  go to sleep dear c'mon now ... the night is still young, 
  no one knows what the fuck you mean by 110 . 
  please kill me, 
  what are you doing around those scissors ? 
  be careful , you might cut yourself !, 
  see ? 
  we 're very lovable indeed, 
   i honestly hope there will be a chance to remedy that  how ? 
  will you pillage their graves or what ? 
  most nazi leaders were killed after the war anyway . 
   ask anyone `` how many europeans died in ww2 ? '', 
  and you 'll hear `` i do n't know '' . 
  idk i was taught that 1 million hungarians died in ww2 and random stats like that 1 million people died just in the battle of stalingrad . 
   he did it for ~ ~ prestige ~ ~ the lols ... like all men !, 
  ftfy . 
  you women just do n't get it, 
  tradition is not really an excuse for allowing people to get euthanized when they need it . 
  they would suffer for weeks or months instead , that is quite simply cruel, 
   way too less to where the `` doom '' came from . 
  that 's not true though , he reinforced the southern castles by quite a bit . 
  afaik the reason he tried to become holy roman emperor in the first place was to use the germans to take back constantinople, 
  we almost moved to germany anyway . 
  you should be blaming the guys that poisoned matthias corvinus , really .
