  really ? 
  the 1848 revolutions were already about that . 
   they would be forced to relinquish a good portion of their agenda though do n't think so . 
  they would just brand the european nationalists as traitors , start a quick smear campaign and that would be enough to delegitimize it if it catches on . 
   you are underestimating the might of societal subversion through ideology you are too . 
  the point is , the traditional nationalists have the entire establishment behind them , so if you want to get popular , you 'd need to bring something new to the table . 
  kinda sad tbh : /, 
  using the same logic :  religion is a ideology . 
  theocracy is an ideology . 
  all people inside a country must be of the same religion, 
   by this you hijack nationalism from the right you wo n't hijack it from them . 
  they will continue to be nationalistic as well , and you will end up with an even worse situation than what you started with . 
  you should rather appease the nationalists , give them something that will still represent their nation , but make sure that nations stay nations , as in , cultural groups , and not political issues or entities like they are now . 
   purely a political ideology , not a racial or ethnical one it already is and it clearly is n't working . 
  i would go as far as to say that ethnic nationalism actually works better than the civic one , based on what i heard from hungarians from slovakia and romania ... being a minority is clearly better in the more ethnic nationalist romania than the more civic nationalist-y slovakia . 
  civic nationalism to me looks like it 's just saying big words without proposing anything , with no results other than angering the people who are n't parts of the nation . 
  and if you start off civic nationalism where lots upon lots of people are n't part of the `` european nation '' and never will be , then it 's a million times worse, 
  would 've said that but in my experience they mostly identify as swiss . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible that way , but i sure as hell wo n't help promote the identity politics that the nationalist shit will create, 
  you are still a full member until article 50 is invoked though ... 
  well yeah if you 're a billionaire you might even be able to afford one as well, 
   it will inevitably happen yes it will , and that is exactly why you * should n't * base a country around it . 
  what 's the point of promoting it in such a forced way , when we all know that it would happen regardless ? 
  plus , why anger the people who do n't want themselves a new identity overnight , completely unnecessarily ? 
  that 's good to hear  have fun here , 
  while sure , most likely my parents and grandparents were lying about it , surely some western european who barely knows what communism is would know better than them . 
  aw , shame on them . 
  the best you can do is ignore them unfortunately : /, 
  now you just went on to spout completely untrue shit . 
  no , people did not starve during communism . 
  there were cases where they did , but most of the time they did n't, 
   let luxembourg take in a million syrians from turkey and we 'll see how far their `` tolerance '' really goes . 
  so what you 're saying is , if you have lots of people who do n't like democracy , that will make democracy disappear ? 
  what a surprise there ? 
  too bad that still does n't prove your statement whatsoever , this has nothing to do with multiple nations being present , this has to do with the ideology, 
  nor would it ever manage to function that way, 
  that would be glorious , yes . 
  the eu has the potential to be extremely strobg economically , which is something we should strive for, 
  the situation is very similar with orb\u00e1n here , with the exception that he doesnt specifically hate latin american people ... 
  well yeah , but i wouldve expected someone whose native language is spanish would make the easy choice of going to spain ... hungary isnt exactly a popular destination for immigrants , though there certainly are quite a few . 
  not just that . 
  there are countless examples of borders changing and the cultural situation not changing in history . 
  yeah , i was just being tongue-in-cheek, 
  he 's a western european , naturally he has no idea but pretends to know it well, 
   for a european national identity to form ( in addition to the national identities , not at the expense of them ) is inevitable with continued integration , though . 
  no , i fundamentally disagree with that . 
  that 's the prime mistake of nationalism , assuming that . 
  it 's not necessary . 
  eh , communism could 've done the same . 
  eradicating hunger is not a big challenge for either economic system . 
  it 's mainly a matter of personal interests in either case . 
  the `` important guys '' will always decide who gets to eat , whether they 're head of a state or a company does n't make much of a difference . 
  yeah , spanish and english are related languages , while hungarian is entirely a different language family ... and yeah , as you know , it uses an entirely different logic and structure compared to indo-european languages . 
  this is a difficulty for native hungarian speakers as well though , to learn these languages the other way around . 
  yeah , that 's my problem . 
  that is what i think will cause trouble , and i do n't agree with it . 
  i understood it perfectly , it literally says `` european civic nationalism '' there in the manifesto . 
  that is something i would not like to see , as there are enough nationalisms in europe already, 
  / do n't worry , this level is perfectly good . 
  if you can talk like this in real life then anyone will be able to understand you , which is very much enough  especially if you also speak english as well . 
  do n't worry too much about the suffixation , as long as you can make yourself understood , it 's fine . 
  and if you mess something up , then they 'll just correct you, 
   afaik hungarians speak german more often than english not really , no . 
  might have been true a few decades ago , definitely not true now . 
  yeah but you know , patriarchy is evil, 
  seriously . 
  how did they get these statistics ? 
  what about the language ? 
  so the only options are multi-ethnic * absolute monarchy * or democratic * nationstate * ? 
  jesus christ , that 's one depressing reality to live in, 
  brutal, 
  i will never understand the people who think that with the borders moving , the cultures change . 
  they do n't , that 's not how it works, 
   venezuelan living in hungary . 
  damn , how 'd you end up here ? 
  damn , / r/acteuropa ... 
  i was following it closely until i read the manifesto . 
  had to nope out at that point though . 
  it still strives for a mainly nationalistic europe which is just calling for trouble . 
  that 's not telling them to unite . 
  that 's telling them to support `` the spirit of the nation '' , which is obviously referring to himself . 
  note the subtle difference between `` support each other '' vs `` support me '' . 
  they would say that belgium is n't a functioning democracy with multiple nationalities ? 
  or that luxemburg ca n't function because of the multiple nationalities going on ? 
  or that spain is n't democratic because of the abundance of nationalities ? 
  western europe really scares me tbh . 
  it 's so detached from reality it 's frightening . 
  worst thing is , those guys are in charge of the world right now . 
  the only counterweights to them are russia and china , which are also really not the type of governments you 'd like to be governed by . 
   a few imperialist countries um , ca n't really name a non-imperialist country before switzerland came about . 
  european federalism ? 
  capitalism being * slightly better * than the * totalitarian * planned economy does n't exactly make it good . 
   cohesive nation-states haha , nice joke there . 
   belgium  luxemburg  uk  spain fuck off with this stupid nationalist nonsense, 
   wannabe totalitarians so like nigel farage and the eu ? 
  or trump and the mexicans ? 
   eu is united . 
  that 's bullshit, 
  a totalitarian state would never ask its population to unite , unless they 're complete morons . 
  divide et impera is like the first thing they need to keep in mind .
