  do n't have these countries exist . 
  nations should just be cultural associations , not defined with lines on the ground . 
   everything going on in the usa is also happening in europe . 
  yeah , the very point of doing is to prevent it from happening, 
  yeah fair enough , but by the time of muhammad christianity was very much centralized to rome and constantinople rather than the middle east . 
   it was mohammed 's main target and its believers were his first enemies . 
  yeah i know , but what if he embraced one of the already present monotheisms instead of making his own ? 
   there were more jews than christians in mecca when mohammed started that 's actually pretty crazy to think about . 
  there was a time when the arabian peninsula was culturally/religion-wise influenced the most by the western world of the time . 
  just think what if muhammand did n't found that religion . 
  what if the whole region became christianized instead of making their own branch of abrahamic religion ? 
  yes , it was [ my ] ( m\u00fc ), 
   how can a referendum be illegitimate ? 
  it was n't a referendum , please . 
  no voting happened , just the three randomly organized groups of people decided what their people want , by themselves . 
  nobody voted on those representatives , or asked their opinion . 
  the crimean referendum was more legitimately a referendum than that thing . 
  in crimea people could at least go to voting stations . 
   what can it be said about you , if your biggest enemy is a country like romania ? 
  that romania was hostile to this country since it was born ? 
  ( as in , romania was born ), 
  yeah . 
  it kinda sucks , but we have to get over it ( both ways ) . 
  you cant change the past , but you can change the present and the future . 
  yeah especially the late k\u00e1d\u00e1r era was very different from romania in the same period . 
  hungary had and abortion ban and a tax on childlessness between 1950 and 1956 . 
  after 1956 hungary changed a lot , including the abortion policy, 
  not really though, 
   i did n't say a bad word about you  `` you 're delusional '' ...  third , i mentioned ww2 because you try to portray hungarians as a nation of angels through history and it 's simply not true . 
  obviously , that is n't true . 
  we have our share of idiot nationalists and other things . 
  but please acknowledge that the exact same thing can be said about any nation ever i do n't try to portray hungarians as angels whatsoever . 
  but i do n't agree with the sentiment that hungary 's goal was to make the minorities second class citizens or persecute them for their nationality hitler-style or anything similar . 
  yes , there were efforts to forcefully assimilate them , and they were dumb . 
  yes , there were people who supported these efforts . 
  but there were also people who did n't think this was necessary , and wanted to let them have all their rights . 
  the reason all this shit happened is not that so many people were aggressively against the minorities ' rights , it 's because the ones that tried to help did n't do everything they could . 
  laws protecting minorities were passed , the first in the world ( 1849 ) , and one of the most liberal ones of the time , but the people who made them did n't bother to make sure that they were enforced . 
  which , well , is kind of a big fuckup . 
   your english is bad sorry for the typos, 
  yeah , it seems like to only have worked in france . 
  everywhere else the minorities revolted at some point . 
   how does that make it okay ? 
  it was made in the middle ages , under a german king . 
  it was made by the sz\u00e9kely and saxon aristocracy , in order to oppress hungarians and romanians . 
  `` how is that okay ? 
  '' , obviously it 's not okay , which is why it was revoked the very moment hungarians gained the ability to revoke it . 
  the notion that it has anything to do with hungarians wanting to oppress romanians for fun is laughable . 
  the unio also was history by 1892 or 1919 , so this is a stupid argument  before that , the hungarians were rather comfortable with holding the whole of transylvania for themselves . 
  yeah , and it was n't the right thing to do , without the proper equality and local autonomy . 
  but . 
  how did romania react to that exactly , lets see shall we ? 
  they did nothing to ensure equality . 
  they just substituted the ruling class , thats it . 
  now it was the 50 % of the population that ruled , not the 30 % . 
  much better , totally . 
   your emperor we did n't have an emperor . 
  we had a king , who was only crowned king because he was the emperor . 
  but he had no say in internal affairs . 
  that was not his job . 
  his job concerning hungary was these three things : finances , defense , external affairs . 
  which also brings me to :  it 's not like austria-hungary started the first world war in the first place . 
  yes , and it 's not like hungary 's prime minister explicitly told franz joseph not to . 
  he did . 
  but franz had the final say , not him . 
  but all that is n't exactly relevant . 
  hungary gained independence in 1918 , so what romania declared war on was n't the dual monarchy , but rather a newly independent democracy , that did n't have any chance to show its policy on minorities yet, 
  sounds good , we forced our guy to retreat to the ussr where he lived a shitty life in a shitty apartment till his death . 
  you could start an argument on which was worse for said person, 
  [ yes you did ] ( http://www.volkstellingen.nl/en/index.html ) . 
  yeah same thing happened everywhere in the eastern block, 
  [ this was a while ago ] ( http://ocdn.eu/pulscms-transforms/1/vrkktkqturbxy84ngi1zwu2mtu3odbjzte4otawyjewymi0yjbmzmm1zi5qcgvnkpudadfnbkdna4stbc0dfm0bva ) , but there were 150k people and still did n't achieve shit . 
  still , seems like it would be more convenient to measure nationality that way . 
  well good to hear  hope you can achieve what you want, 
   for example they did not have the right ro receive justice in romanian yes they did . 
  [ here ] ( https://1000ev.hu/index.php?a=3&amp;param=5366 ) is the actual 1868 law on nationalities . 
  \u00a7 in court everyone who has the right to talk , may talk in hungarian , or their native language , if it is n't hungarian who knows how much this was violated though . 
  but according to law they did have that right, 
  that was a thing the hungarian fought against as well and it was revoked by the very hungarian government you 're trying to claim persecuted romanians ...  you are angry that territories where the majority of the population was hungarian were ceded to romania i am angry because the annexation of these territories was dismissed as the `` fair thing to do '' . 
  and that any incentive to peacefully revise this obviously unfair treaty was treated instantly as anti-romanianism and fascism . 
   if that is the case do you feel that it was fair for romanians to be under hungarian occupation for hundreds of years ? 
  i could ask the same the other way round : if you think that is the case , why do you think starting a whole war was the right course of action ? 
  starting wars is something imperialists usually do . 
  yes , up until the 1848 , most hungarians also did n't have any rights , there was serfdom and all . 
  in 1848 they were given the same rights as hungarians , as they were considered hungarians themselves ( we followed the french method of `` denying that minorities exist '' ) . 
  in 1849 the first document about minority rights was passed in hungary , giving them the right to language use in administration and education . 
  or course , when the russians defeated hungary , everything went back to how it used to be : transylvanias three nations and all . 
  afterwards , in 1867 with the ausgleich , hungary once again became a thing , and again , every citizen was to be treated equally , and they were most of the time . 
  until lex apponyi ( 1900s ) , the other nationalities could use their language in education as well . 
  but yeah , romanians were totally `` prosecuted '' by the evil hungarians , just because they were romanians . 
  still , 50k is not enough for anything . 
  and assuming romania is as centralized as hungary , nothing outside bucharest will matter . 
  waita second , why is this measured in opinion polls ? 
  you guys do n't have censuses ? 
  yes , k\u00e9k means blue in hungarian, 
  25k is hardly massive . 
  you need more people to initiate change, 
  in what way were romanians `` persecuted '' in transylvania ? 
  you even know what that means ? 
   stealing children and relocating entire communities now , i know that there was a lot of shit between hungarians and the other nations of hungary but that definitely did n't happen about lex apponyi , well slovakia has the exact same thing today .
