  hungary never in the modern era had a strong military and it never fucking will no matter the funding . 
  the only coutries in europe capable of having even a slight bit of actual military power are the uk , france , germany , italy , perhaps poland or spain but the latter two not really . 
  so why would we waste into a militarly that wo n't ever be strong or relevant . 
  it 's literally throwing money out the window . 
   nonexistant threats is that you ca n't prepare when they suddenly exist oh yeah ? 
  and if we spend more then we will just magically be able to repel nuclear powers or what ? 
  any trained army would take hungary no matter the military spending . 
  the only threat our military is facing is the migrant crisis , and guess what ? 
  the current military spending is just about enough to defend against that . 
  exactly . 
  and that 's also a reason why we should start doing this joint military thing asap . 
  why would there be political will . 
  would you want to just walk up to the people saying `` hey guys , we 're gon na strip education and healthcare of money to spend it on the military which protects us from nonexistant threats because the us said so '' . 
  is the us the motherfuckin soviet union or what ? 
  they 're not in schengen but they still have open borders for some reason, 
  you mean lose a battle , have the russians win you the war ? 
  is monaco or san marino in the eu ? 
  not to mention vatican city, 
  i say battle of p\u00e1kozd get rekt traitor :p ( / s in case its not obvious ), 
  in english i think you have a king or queen and you have a so called royal consort who is irrelevant who is also called queen or king, 
  we should just put more effort into automation . 
  you can hardly get cheaper than something produced entirely by robot labor, 
  and this is surprising ? 
  why ? 
  companies violating human rights to increase profits ? 
  who would 've thought amirite ? 
  because they 're greedy motherfuckers that 's why . 
   unethically produced items should be banned from import . 
  and where do you draw the line ? 
  when does exploitation start becoming unethical , and where is it okay ? 
  is that like vladivostok and the outer manchuria part , or in actual siberia proper ? 
  pretty sure luxemburg 's up there too, 
  yeah i can understand why :p, 
  actually , bosnia is rightful magyar clay , as is croatia . 
  did n't you know ? 
  people are n't free unless the country they live in is named after them . 
  and also are n't free if people of different nationalities can be in the government ? 
   they simply want bosnia without serbs . 
  i would say they want bosnia without serbian nationalism . 
  everything is better without nationalism, 
  `` adok neked dialektust a fejedre '' i think i understand why slavs do n't usually talk to us now, 
  hungary did it before ww2 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovak%e2%80%93hungarian_war, 
  you just described literally every single politician in world history, 
  what ban are you talking about ? 
  she was fired for not abiding the dress code at her workplace . 
  dressing preferences are a race now ? 
  i know that feel bro, 
  my teachers most definitely would with the last one, 
  thats true . 
   but i agree that for people less knowledgeable about spain it might not have been clear enough . 
  especially because you mentioned living under the soviet system , it sounded like you actually lived under , which would mean that you do n't live close to spain at all, 
   there are hammer and sickles visible all over spain . 
  that 's great !, 
  should have specified that that 's what you 're talking about , because you ca n't honestly expect people to know that . 
  to me it was clear that you were talking about that particular hammer and sickle , because you know , you replied that comment, 
  yes it did - you said the spanish public should n't support the ussr , while he corrected you that it was in fact catalans who wrote that and put the flag there . 
  those who call themselves catalan are catalan , those who do n't are n't, 
  i never said all the people of catalonia identified as catalan . 
  i said that catalans ( aka . 
  those who identified as catalan ) should n't be called spanish if they do n't want to be . 
   if you are from barcelona or lleida you are catalan but that is n't true either . 
  there are plenty of people who are n't catalan even in those places . 
  i tried to look at census data but apparently there is n't a census for that ? 
  weird . 
  anyway there probably are people who are n't catalan there . 
  i mean i definitely know two personally who are n't and were born in catalonia :p  i ca n't suddenly decide that i 'm milanese but not italian or from hamburg but not german alone of course you ca n't but if there are like a million people who also think the same and identify the same then at some point you can . 
  staying at your german example - many bavarians do think that being bavarian does n't make you german . 
   i would n't call them random labels regardless , it 's a label they do n't want . 
   spanish is more of a nationality than a ethnicity . 
  nationality is a confusing term in english . 
  it almost means the same thing as ` citizenship ' , and usually they use the term ` ethnic group ' for the identity-related thing . 
   scottish people do n't necessarily identify as british it might not be their primary nationality , but they do n't reject the label the same way and irish person would for example ( usually ) . 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're trying to say with this :  what 's the spanish nationality ? 
  different people have different national identities . 
  this is an issue for everyone for themselves . 
  what is your nationality ? 
  what you answer is your nationality . 
  if you ask a catalan , they will say catalan and spanish . 
  that 's all . 
  if you ask someone from extremadura they may say extremaduran , they may say spanish , it depends on the person . 
  they may even say both . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , it 's not for the state to decide what their or anyone else 's national identity should be . 
  if they do n't want to be spanish then they are n't . 
  i already replied to someone else that in english nationality implies citizenship or whatever so the only way you can describe a different identity is by using the word ethnicity . 
  `` ethnic group '' is what english calls what every other language calls nationality , aka . 
  national identity, 
  because regions are n't free . 
  the whole country is free , sure , but their regions ( the governments of their regions if they exist ) are being subjugated . 
  that 's simply how it is . 
   all are subjugated the people are n't . 
  the local governments are, 
  well i 'd be more careful putting random labels on them . 
  it depends on them if they 're spanish . 
  british is different because scottish people usually accept that label . 
  but for example back when gb owned ireland they would force that label onto irish people too who did n't accept it . 
  by your logic , people in dublin back then were also ` british ' , which to me is clear that they were n't . 
   are you seriously saying that catalans are ethnically different from the rest of spain ? 
  replace ethnicity with nationality then . 
  i used ethnicity because in english nationality just means citizenship and so its a completely useless term ( enlgish is a fucked up language in this regard )  have you even been to spain ? 
  yeah , like a week ago  do you even know spanish history ?
