  i would laugh my ass off if orb\u00e1n got one too , but it 's not gon na happen . 
  nobody cares enough to suffer through a trial or to make orb\u00e1n more popular by making him a martyr . 
   look at the history of the countries that are doing okay , corruption-wise . 
  yeah ? 
  what did they do , tyrannicide ? 
  not opposed to that tbh seeing through google results though , it seems like the answer is that  we in denmark have a very high degree of trust in other people and in the system which is just laughable and ca n't wait to see the next orb\u00e1n arising there , kek . 
  `` trust the system '' is equivalent to the communist bullshit about trusting the system , you will never ever get people doing that , unless you brainwash them thoroughly `` trust us we wo n't be corrupt '' ... seriously , got a good laugh out of that . 
  the closest you can get is `` accept '' a system , trusting anything is just pure insanity, 
  lego duce is the best tbh . 
  got ta love b\u00f6d\u0151cs, 
  look i guarantee you that when i get that voting ballot there wo n't be a single respectable person on it . 
  i guarantee you . 
  i can care all i want , but that wo n't make anyone good appear . 
  the preferred local term is `` bonsai caesar '', 
  no we do n't kek, 
   the decent people of hungary of budapest * i 'm not traveling fucking hundreds of kilometers for a protest . 
  love how your arguments is `` you do n't care '' , as a reply to a comment saying `` i do care '' ... 
  this might come as a surprise to you , but not everyone who he fucks over supports him, 
  fuck you too, 
  you did choose the least touching story possible . 
  there are millions of poor people in russia , and i 'm supposed to feel bad for some rich ass guy who putin stole from ? 
  how about he steals from his entire goddamn country via corruption , literally everyone . 
  yeah , how dare these people not allow non-quality content , the fucking assholes . 
  how dare they want to enjoy good content instead of absolute garbage . 
  everyone should be allowed to post anything to any sub without repercussions, 
  `` famous '', 
  it 's usually russians though . 
  this is basically the reason i do n't watch movies anymore , at least not any from america , you can tell what a character is gon na be like because of their nationality, 
  wasnt it macaunese ? 
  well spending an unhealthy amount of time on reddit makes it easy to learn the slang ... 
  aw stahp it, 
  ew jesus christ what is this , 1880 ? 
  but it worked so well the last million times , right ... 
  totally no wars ever emerged because of assimilation efforts , amirite, 
  and you think the next asshole pretending not to be corrupt will actually not be corrupt as well ? 
  haha , you 're gullible as hell . 
  i do care but also realize how absolutely futile that caring is . 
   kid excuse me ? 
  i ai n't no kid :3 i 'll take the compliment though, 
  that 's not an argument , that 's a fact, 
  orb\u00e1n was doing it before it was cool, 
  so , hes a normal politician . 
  that 's like the only thing all politicians share . 
  they 're corrupt scumbags without an exception, 
  nationalism is still the lesser evil , if you have to choose between nationalism and state religion, 
  those underage stats are great . 
   toroczkai after googling him , yeah sounds accurate . 
  this might come as a surprise , but north korea is n't the only type of dictatorship . 
  for example in hungary there was this dictatorship until 1989 , to which orb\u00e1n has been compared millions of times already , and i would say they are very right in that . 
  damn , messed up the names , meant to write \u0160e\u0161elj for jobbik, 
  kek , the more you say something will never is the more likely it will happen, 
  does n't really matter . 
  i 'd say the same for hungary for example, 
  could say the exact same about the british empire . 
  it really was needing that coup de grace already, 
  not really , the 19th and 20th are way more interesting to argue about ... and why would we argue about that , everyone knows slovaks have nothing to do with the moravians :p / s, 
  so basically vu\u010di\u0107 = jobbik , obradovi\u0107 = fidesz and the third guy is the only sane candidate . 
  sad that the same bullshit is there across the border as well : /, 
  finally , a place where all the people posting random pictures will hopefully go . 
  though they do n't seem to realize that / r/europics exists either , so i do n't have my hopes up too much, 
  no it 's probably some edgy assholes trying to be funny and make it into an `` eussr '' flag, 
  `` do a favor to not forget the accusative '' obscaena grammatica . 
  si esset una lingua logicalis , ista sententia significet `` in order to forget the accusative '', 
  democracies are not immune to crazy stuff or change . 
  both of those inherently happen because people are humans, 
  nothing is impossible . 
  crazy shit happens all the time, 
  and nato, 
  thats a recurring theme though in international relations , unfortunately, 
  germany doesnt have nukes, 
  most of them , probably, 
  it 's amusing how he thinks that italy deserves to suffer because there were some fascists , but the same against serbia is unacceptable and cruel, 
  you realize that mussolini did n't come to power through elections , right ? 
   there is absolutely no mention of avars or anyone else but slavs in the entire pannonian basin after 810ish . 
   according to pohl , an avar presence in pannonia is certain in 871 , but thereafter the name is no longer used by chroniclers . 
  pohl wrote , `` it simply proved impossible to keep up an avar identity after avar institutions and the high claims of their tradition had failed '' . 
  [ 31 ] although , ** regino wrote about them at the year of 889 ** . 
  [ 29 ] [ 32 ] the growing number of archaeological evidence in transdanubia also presumes an avar population in the carpathian basin in the very late 9th century . 
  [ 29 ] wikipedia, 
   slavs source ? 
   there is absolutely trace of them again , source . . the moravian empire never reached to pannonia , it was a duchy in the frankish empire, 
  the same can be said about any group of people everywhere . 
  no one is `` original '' in any way , with respect to their ancestors , unless there was an excessive amount of incest . 
  so who lived there , germans ? 
  slavs ? 
  kinda find it hard to believe that the otherwise non-nomadic slavs would have moved into the area and also get out without a trace ... 
  if i had to guess the avars probably joined the hungarians, 
  yeah, 
  jeez dude , ever heard of a joke, 
  before the hungarians , avars lived here , who were also nomads and probably fairly similar to hungarians genetics-wise, 
  or slavs are genetically hungarian to a large extent . 
  whichever you prefer, 
  free markets have massive monopolies or quasi-monopolies which make it even harder to start a business . . 
  the government actually intervenes to prevent monopolies from happening , anti-cartel laws for example if the situation is that way , then it 's the fault of the people doing the interventionism , not the act of interventionism itself . 
  that 's what you get when 95 % of your country votes for parties that are basically just the tools of the corporate elite . 
  ( do i even need to remind you that just last year they went so far to cut the middleman and actually elect a millionaire ? ), 
  no amount of free trade will change that . 
  well , good luck, 
   seems functional to me . 
  so , basically you do support interfering with free trade,
