   `` factions within the military '' mentioned by pm means . 
  it means that he 's trying to claim that the military is a disunited mess , which is clearly not true . 
  he 's using centuries old retarded propaganda tools . 
   pro-erdogan protesters climbing on top of tanks in some places , but they have n't taken them . 
  crews are just locked inside and not reacting . 
  hopefully they do n't have molotov cocktails , because if they do then this is gon na get bloody, 
  just a pro tip for any turks in here : do n't go to the streets . 
  just do n't . 
  it is n't gon na make a difference no matter which side you support . 
  just be safe, 
   erdogan is seeking asylum in germany top kek, 
  they were a bit late , do n't judge them, 
  but it certainly is good to have . 
  oh man it ca n't be that bad . 
  there 's a good to fair chance that they will get a better president than erdogan . 
  also you are literally witnessing history with your own eyes . 
  even then the hungarian ancestral homeland is half a continent away from mongolia, 
  yeah okay , but still . 
  most people are incredibly mixed genetically etc etc. 
  that 's literally what i 'm saying, 
  ^ thank you for demonstrating my point . 
  hint : mongolia is just the easternmost edge of the steppe . 
  you do n't call ukraine mongol either , do you ? 
  they have oil it will be just fine, 
  that is a way overused joke, 
  i guess erdogan being somewhere else helps, 
  thanks for linking this, 
  jersey and guernsey ? 
  the fact that people pray is literally the problem here . 
  stop praying you fucking retards and do something productive, 
  you 're welcome . 
  you know what they say , better a living coward than a dead hero, 
   britain voted to leave  eu pushes them to leave asap according to the democratic vote  british politicians hesitating to leave i 'm not sure which one is the one not caring, 
  i would n't do that if i were them either . 
  you 're just crying about `` misinformation '' without pointing out a single one . 
  correct the misinformation if you see one, 
  lol no it 's not . 
  was scotlands union with england also globalism ? 
  what about the formation of germany ? 
  of italy ? 
  of switzerland ? 
  is india also a globalist state then ? 
  hell no it isnt . 
  or the merger of the us and texas , that is globalism ? 
  no its not, 
  afghanistan and iraq would have a thing or two to say about us imperialism . 
  well they count the ` k\u00f6zmunka ' as well so it basically is rigged, 
  hungary is better than than the eu average ? 
  nah that ca n't be . 
  yeah it 's just rigged probably, 
   russia has not once engangered world pece kek are you serious ? 
  never have a russia invaded crimea , oh wait . 
  never have a russia violate other countries ' airspace , oh wait . 
  never have russia threatened the baltic states , oh wait . 
  just stop okay ? 
  russia is just as much an imperialistic state as the us, 
   russians ( and other peoples of our federation ) and people from eastern europe too, 
  furthering europe 's interest is not at all globalism , pretty much the opposite . 
  if you actually looked at the map , you could see that it was made by yanko tsvetkov , a bulgarian, 
  no they did n't go to another country , they lived there since a millennium . 
  the land they lived on became part of romania . 
   i give eu maximum 10 years before it collapses . 
  10 years  if sharing national land is n't that bad you should make a petition to your parliament to share some of your land with croatia and romania  we already do . 
  some 1.2 million hungarians live in romania , another half a million in slovakia and they 're fine, 
  well first off hungarians are not slavs , but yeah people look the exact same here and elsewhere, 
  pretty much all of europe is allies at this point with the eu and nato , so that 's pretty unlikely to happen . 
  and btw , your land becoming part of other countries is n't even that bad . 
  there 's also vukov\u00e1r / valk\u00f3v\u00e1r , varasd , pozsega and cs\u00e1ktornya ... :p, 
   hungary - porn where does this come from ? 
  i 've never seen particularly good hungarian porn . 
  the good ones always come from czechia , they some pretty good shit, 
   the astro-hungarian empire that united buda and pest that area was referred to as pest-buda since half a century at the time , it was proposed i think by sz\u00e9chenyi to unite the two cities , and his word was basically taken as gospel at the time . 
  i think no matter what , the cities would 've been united anyway i 'm not saying we should stop learning history . 
  i 'm saying that we pay too much attention to it in places we should . 
  it just looks like they have a leadership in every country , like the orthodox, 
  what about tengerfeh\u00e9rv\u00e1r then ? 
  or ver\u0151ce ? 
  there 's plenty of authentically hungarian names in croatia , fiume just is n't one of them . 
  stop making it out like it 's a rare thing . 
  in hungarian you can use the words for ` gypsy ' , ` jew ' , ` romanian ' or ` slovak ' all as curse words and insults, 
  yes , i would be annoyed too . 
  but not letting them into the un just because of that - i think that 's just as much a dick move as stealing history . 
  let 's face it , there are more important problems in the world than that . 
  well hungarian textbooks are on about the holocaust extensively , and about the \u00dajvid\u00e9k / novi sad massacres too . 
  interestingly , the retaliation massacres by serbs are n't mentioned at all, 
  but that just is n't the same, 
  there 's a church called greek catholic . 
  they 're pretty common in the heretical world of eastern hungary too, 
  and do n't forget fiume is rightful magyar clay, 
   sorry that was us what, 
  well that 's true for hungary too actually, 
  no it 's not that , it 's just that these are obscure facts and no one learns about it in school . 
  why would anyone have to know it ? 
  yeah i knew the macedonia one myself , and the pedo one ( do n't judge me ok i just like languages ) . 
  there are names like that in hungarian too such as csilla means star ( csillag = star ) and a bunch of others i 'm too lazy to look up . 
  but anyway my point was that some people like learning the etymology and some do n't , we should n't judge anyone by that, 
  sure , sure , but for example when it comes to politics today , it really does n't matter what happened in history . 
  to modern austria it 's pretty irrelevant that it used to have an empire together with hungary a hundred years ago ( i mean i 'm a 100 % sure that to hungary it is irrelevant ) . 
  there are parts of history that are relevant still , such as the communism period in hungary , but things change pretty fast . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a good 50 years from now , it will be irrelevant too .
