  yeah i do  look extremely similar i did n't claim they do n't, 
  yeah . 
  regions are not free entities , you realize that ? 
  the closest to that might be swiss cantons , but even that is questionable . 
  in catalonia also does n't mean they 're catalans . 
  are we seriously assuming ethnicity from location now ? 
  if they 're spanish , they 're spanish , if they 're catalan they 're catalan . 
  they are not spanish because they do n't want to be . 
  you would also hate being called an ethnicity you are n't , would you ? 
  it is in spain at the moment , that 's true . 
  being spanish is a completely different thing . 
  and they are most definitely not spanish . 
   how is catalonia not free in that it ca n't do what it wants and has to obey the madrid government ? 
  wow , people downvoting you for pointing that catalan is n't spanish . 
  how low can reddit go ? 
   the clothes you are wearing ... they represent political movement we do n't tolerate around here well if it was a tshirt with a swastika for example then this would 've been perfectly accepted as the reason . 
  in that case she 's showing the wrong part of her skin, 
  it 's also clear that slavs do n't have that glorious facial hair either, 
  that fuckin mustache tho , makes me smile every time, 
  so those came naturally as god 's gifts while those that do n't are dirty human work ? 
   bih is an artificial country which country is n't artificial ? 
   you 're my god and emperor  oh jeez , dont make me blush . 
  sure , if you want you can do this banter all you want ( but stop with the cringy polandballspeak version tho ), 
  i do n't care if you stop or not - it 's your karma not mine, 
  it 's not annoying , but its very out of place here, 
  i would n't say superclean though . 
  probably not too bad but not superclean, 
  i can see how this can be annoying to some though, 
  well in that case slovakia is even more balkan . 
  over there it 's the most common name, 
  or the danube, 
  hungary is n't the balkans, 
  dont worry its just the kdnp . 
  everyone fucking hates them for not letting shops open on sundays, 
   205 lesothos you mean 0,2 kilolesothos, 
  uh , yeah, 
   ~ ~ brussels ~ ~ < insert any country here  elite are a cancer ftfy, 
  it makes me feel good to see sane people on this part of reddit, 
  rekt, 
   do we have numbers on that ? 
  well if you feel like adding it up then we will . . 
  having long hair and wearing a skirt does n't mean that it 's a girl you mysogynistic shitlord ( / s ), 
  that 's the most random thing to link , seriously wtf, 
  any war ? 
  1939 , slovak-hungarian little war . 
  but in that one there were no battles . 
  russia is a pretty nice example , but russia still can have pride in its military and you know , the fact that it 's the largest country on the planet . 
  hungary did n't win a single battle since 1919 and it 's a pretty small country . 
  so are prisoners not humans then ? 
  because they can be denied human rights ? 
  that 's not even true lol . 
  prisoners do n't have those rights in any country . 
  yeah well that was incredibly stupid, 
  bruh, 
  ok that sounds good, 
  hungary is stronk secular country, 
   sz\u00e9nt what do you want with that [ coal ] ( https://translate.google.hu/?hl=hu#hu/en/sz%c3%a9n ) ? 
  it 's a country just not independent or even autonomous . 
  like lappland/s \u00e1pmi, 
  sometimes i wish other countries went through something similar too just so people could also realize how meaningless things like national pride , borders of countries and national unity are . 
  you realize that szepes/spisz is just one county of the many that are currently in slovakia, 
  king kong, 
  the european union 's goal is very much european integration from what i know, 
  so countries can effectively have diplomatic relations with other ? 
  leave : go back to how it used to be remain : continue on the way to the established goal ( european integration ) leave is literally the definition of reactionary, 
   16 grammatical inflections is that supposed to be a lot or something ? 
  kurdistan is never gon na stretch to the bosphorus/dardanelles . 
  that 's the only strategic location in turkey, 
  yeah , the technical term is tenseness . 
  the food vowel is more tense , the good vowel is more lax . 
  and since the russian vowel in putin is tense as well , most people use the tense one in english too, 
  yes , but english doesnt have the soft t sound so english speakers dont pronounce it the same way russians do, 
  um , for practical purposes , yes . 
  if in your pronunciation the vowels of seat and sit also only differ in length , then yes . 
  but in reality , no . 
  yup . 
  typical words with the good vowel : good , foot , hook , pull , bull , wood . 
  with the food vowel : food , goose , boot , too , cool, 
  hate to ruin your joke but ` put in ' and ` putin ' are pronounced differently . 
  the first one has the same vowel as ` good ' and the second has the same as ` food ' . 
  additionally , in the first one , depending on the dialect may be a flap instead of a stop . 
  interesting . 
  in hungarian you can do both an adjective and a noun for both language and ethnicity , but hungarian has a very vague difference between adjective and noun ( pretty much the only difference is that nouns do n't modify other nouns ) . 
  so you can be * orosz * as both an adjective or a noun , and your language is * orosz * as either an adjective or noun . 
  this probably sounds incredibly confusing but context always makes it clear what 's going on . 
  ok fair enough , but do n't underestimate people 's ability to misunderstand . 
  putting dagestani in the title would 've prevented this, 
   outputins putin himself i really want the word ` to putin ' to make it to the dictionaries now, 
   nationalities are nouns in russian . 
  oh , til , thanks , 
  how could xenophobia be a good thing ? 
  you realize what xenophobia is , right ? 
  it 's when you hate someone for their ethnicity only . 
  for example if you hate someone who is otherwise a nice person and very likable just because he is ukrainian . 
  this is not what we were talking about . 
  we were talking about sporting events such as the olympics or the soccer world cup . 
  you could rarely have an avar referee ( or athlete for that matter ) for example , because 1 . he would be seen as russian and 2 . he would have a hard time getting in that position among all the ethnic russians anyway and 3 . 
  dagestan does n't have its own separate team . 
  dagestan is also part of many other things , for example europe . 
  why not just call him european for good measure then ?
