  in * my * / r/europe ? 
  someone give this man a gold, 
  that just made the sarcasm even more obvious, 
   do n't have enough fuel to reach shores pretty sure they had enough fuel to move back to libya, 
   charities i do n't think the coast guards are run by charities, 
  i like this better than normal polandball comics because it represents the country as masses of people rather than a single person, 
  shit . 
  glossed over that one because i just clicked on the like from another article that was linked to here . 
  damn you bbc website, 
  how is this offtopic ? 
  well it becoming popular would be new ( and awesome ), 
   daytime talk shows they 're the source of the best memes around here . 
  there definitely is a degree in fixing cars here . 
  neither has ever been part of the roman empire . . 
  regardless , this was n't one , was it ? 
  you 'd still need an education to do those jobs , nobody 's gon na employ you if you do n't have those papers, 
  fuck not . 
  a pogrom is literally massacres sponsored by the state . 
  armed massacres . 
   ease of finding jobs oh lol . 
  most gypsies here do n't even finish high school so that 's not exactly an option, 
   so the only way to solve this problem is with war . 
  or they could 've realized that ethnic states were n't a good idea in the first place , but at that point everyone was so invested in the ethnic state idea so much that they did n't even consider that . 
  it had a great effect . 
  under it it was illegal to be unemployed so gypsies were usually put to work in factories like everyone else . 
  somehow they still managed to not integrate, 
   because zakarpatska oblast ' belong to ~ ~ slovakia ~ ~ hungary ftfy there bud ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  no it is n't there are gypsies who prefer that over roma . 
  there 's no humane solution . 
  the only time something sort of worked was the soviet system where gypsies were forced hard to integrate . 
  you have literally zero idea what pogroms are, 
   that made it necessary to move them that the locals tried to kill them ? 
   but it does n't mean it 's in their nature at all look , there 's been 50 years of a totalitarian stalinist dictatorship that tried to make them not do this . 
  they still do it, 
   roma : an ethnic group that people are born into . 
  not really . 
  it 's a bit different than that . 
  most romas follow their traditional pseudo-nomadic lifestyle . 
  some do n't . 
  usually when people say shit about gypsies they really mean those that follow those traditions , which are very far removed from anything resembling european . 
  pogroms = / = moving a few families to a different location, 
  that 's bad to hear . 
  i think the one of most important parts of being hungarian is speaking hungarian , so no , i do n't think they are . 
  though i do n't think there 's many of those . 
  i know , i 'm not saying there are many or that there are n't any who identify as romanian as well , i 'm saying that being born in romania does n't make you romanian . 
  there are many people in romania who are n't romanian : hungarians , gypsies , ukrainians , turks , bulgarians . 
  i think it 's not good if we automatically assume that everyone born in romania is automatically romanian, 
   you 're either under 15 or over 30 and have never been in a medium where debates happen and no punches are thrown . 
  none of those are true , also nice ad hominems  they 're what their id tells them weird , cause my id only has ` citizenship : hungarian ' on it . 
  so what am i now that my nanny state did n't tell what i should identify as ? 
  do n't be silly , if the state tells you something do you really believe it this blindly ? 
   the land aspect is something that must be mentioned in this kind of conversation no it should n't because it does n't matter . 
   this is a tactic that works in your kindergarten again , great ad hominems there, 
   to you , americans do n't exist . 
  wow good to know . 
  thank you for telling me what i think  all non-native citizens of the americas are french , spanish , irish and so on ? 
  no they 're what they identify as , so most are americans  as for the land aspect . 
  there was no `` land aspect '' . 
  i never mentioned land . 
  how can you even be this insecure about this . 
  you have good points . 
  i think it depends on what you call yourself . 
  i didnt say they werent romanian citizens , i said they werent romanians . 
  lets not buy into this civic nationalism bullshit alright ? 
  if i wanted to specify that i mean the citizenship , id use the word citizenship also i didnt downvote you . 
  im a catholic , i was baptized . 
  i also shittalk about the hungarian state , that doesnt mean im not hungarian . 
  its true that its because my dad insisted , but who cares ? 
  im also catholic yet talk shit about catholicism all the time and dont believe in god . 
  i wouldnt have been surprised if you were, 
   these sorts of celebrations from both sides revive certain old ... animosities . 
  well it 's the romanian army that 's taunting about it so much and rubbing it in with celebrating . 
   i simply have something against people who feel more of an allegiance towards the hungarian state they may or may not , but why does it matter ? 
  it 's not like they 're gon na start an uprising or something like that . 
  they will still pay taxes and act like normal citizens of romania if they feel more allegiance that way . 
  though i do n't think that 's even true . 
  i mean how many hungarians in romania celebrated 20 august with fireworks ? 
  probably not too many, 
  that is a valid concern , but that is n't all hungarians that do that . 
  do n't see your average hungarian walking in the streets of cluj taking money from vona , do you ? 
  so all you want from them is to not speak their language and not vote for parties you do n't like , gotcha . 
   i have nothing against most hungarians in romania . 
  if so , why do you claim that they 're not hungarians , or that if they feel hungarian they should leave their homes ? 
  it 's you know , just the type of state you said you 'd prefer personally - one with no `` foreigners '' amirite ? 
   we do n't need foreigners inhabiting our lands . 
  oh well , time to change your tag to fascist from nationalist then, 
  he did n't claim that . 
  the other dude said that anyone who does n't feel romanian should leave romania , and he asked why romanians did n't leave earlier then, 
   they 're not hungarians . 
  holy shit you are cancer, 
  just out of curiosity , are you a muslim yourself ? 
   ` we should n't reject muslim refugees because they 're muslim ' is self-evident in all of western europe . 
  but in eastern europe , this is n't a concept which lends itself easily to the native population . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  we took in many refugees from the bosnian war . 
  your just pushing your agenda that muh primitive easterners must be totally all racist . 
  no but how is this relevant ? 
  the olympics is n't a matter of state , this is n't the ussr . 
  which is good why ? 
  what ?
