  the russian federation is a state . 
  russia is the official english name of the russian federation however russia is decidedly not a nation , russia * ns * are . 
  which is not even equivalent to the citizens of russia the state . 
  nice job at embarrassing yourself though, 
  thank you . 
  romania seems to be suffering from centralization as much hungary is, 
  those regions are totally not gerrymandered to make sure that no region has a significant population of hungarians ... 
  i mean jesus christ look how many of the regions are across the carpathians , i doubt you can even cross it in certain places, 
  you could put it in the title that it 's the fucking uk , not here . 
  i was getting worried for a second . 
  jeez , it might take two seconds of valuable fapping time to bypass that also , why does anyone care about this ? 
  jesus christ , how religious can they be ? 
  you can still join the party and have a nice life in a one-party authoritarian state . 
  just lose your spine , it 's not hard , and you 'll have a better life in the end, 
   autonomy based on ethnicity is not a good thing . 
  then what would he propose instead ? 
  centralization is cancer for the non-bucharest romanians too ... autonomy to the already existing counties sounds like a good idea, 
   if russia is not russians , what is it exactly ? 
  dirt , rocks and trees ? 
  russia is a state consisting mostly of a bunch of corrupt pieces of shit that probably deserve to be put in jail or worse . 
   i being `` this '' `` people like you '' is not just you , but russian nationalists/putin supporters in general  it 's complete bs to think there are n't significant numbers of people that hate russians . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  however hating russia 's / putin 's actions is not equivalent to hating russians as a people , or even hating the russians who live in ukraine . 
  sz\u00e9kelyland is in eastern transylvania , not central . 
  ( the easternmost parts of historical hungary ) you 're thinking of central romania . 
  also , you do n't have to use `` magyar '' , you can just say hungarian . 
  it makes no sense to use that one in english but you are right , not all hungarians in romania are sz\u00e9kelys, 
  you forgot to switch accounts ... 
  or you know , getting fucking rid of needing it already . 
  yeah , because ukrainians used to be called `` little russians '' ... `` malorossiya '' looks like it is the equivalent of `` ukraine '', 
  russia = / = russians . 
  if anything it 's people like you bring this up constantly . 
  if someone fantasizes about russia not being a thing , that 's not against russians , that 's against russia the state . 
  no point in nuking them . 
  there is already a war there , so another war would not change things so dramatically, 
  idk about croatia but nobody buys big macs here , only if there 's a coupon sale . 
  most people i know rarely ever go to mcdonalds cause it 's expensive, 
  what you 'd get is a bunch of le pen/farage type nationalists in the west then, 
  food discussion inherently leads to being hungry , which i do n't want to be, 
   that is also the reason no one even knows about its existence hey now , my family is from zakarpattia  though i agree that its flag is retarded now . 
  usually making region flags for regions that do n't have a historical one does n't work out well ... having a flag for subdivisions works in a western european mindset , where nation = country and everyone is happy with everything the nation happens to decide on . 
  i agree that it 's clean and is not much of a hassle , but real people do not work like that , especially not in these parts of eastern europe ... 
  i welcome the fact that there will be a flag for somogy hopefully . 
  ( though i would just go flairless if the text is n't changeable ) however some of these changes are just downright retarded . 
  we will get the situation like in / r/askeurope that catalans will use the andorra flair , first off . 
  there was really no need to get rid of any of the minor nation flags like the roma or rusyn or sami ones either , this is just nationalism at its finest . 
  also you just love to offend corsicans apparently, 
  this . 
  tipping is just a socially acceptable type of horrible scam . 
  thankfully it 's easily avoidable though . 
  there 's martinique , guadeloupe , saint pierre and miquelon , netherlands antilles , french saint martin , cayman islands just off the top of my head, 
  a way easier solution would simply be to help the countries to guard the border by sending officers there , but of course that would be too logical of a solution, 
  yeah , it 's completely unnecessary to guard borders within the eu, 
  do n't ask for upvotes , it 's against reddit rules, 
  well the title of the post doesnt, 
  such a stupid question ... obviously depends on whether i 'm alone or not, 
  well because during the day you will encounter all the drunk hobos ... by night those will be passed out in a ditch so there 's nothing to worry about, 
  yup, 
  what ? 
  you think the soviets just came around in hungary and a communist regime was setup without anyone ever realizing that war crimes happened here ? 
  wtf . . there 's even a nobel prize winning book about one , an oscar-winning film about the same one and another very famous book about a different one , all produced in hungary, 
  can you like , look at the map ? 
  canada and south africa , there, 
  by 1944 hungary was militarily occupied by germany ... 
  i 'm not 18 so that 's probably impossible but even if it were i do n't have any friends i would want to start a party with , and i do n't want to become a politician if possible . 
  ... which uses both, 
  there 's not an opposition party i would want to join , they all look like fucking cancer, 
  there was an investigation according to the wiki and they were found innocent because they later found hidden weapons in the village which according to the military commander they heard said weapons being used and thought it was an ambush ... which i guess is a semi-valid reason , i would 've found them guilty but whatever ... there were no atrocities afterwards until romania reannexed the territories afaik ( 5 years ) , so ethnic cleansing is just a stupid claim, 
  you 're basically blaming the population that the lazy pieces of shit that is the opposition ca n't even get a fucking campaign going , not to mention presenting a program , or working together . . 
  yeah everyone knows, 
   b\u00fadapeszt  zeged  vizgard just ew , please no  hortobowl i 'm done, 
  central asian ? 
  western siberia is central asia now , give me a break, 
   the videos are n't that bad that 's where you 're wrong kiddo, 
  it would help to make it not budapeszt and zeged ... those would 've been completely avoidable and it does n't take more than 10 seconds to look them up both, 
  yeah but they had the time to research the video . 
  yet they ca n't even get the capital 's name right . . 
  i do n't think `` budapest '' is much of a tongue twister , and it 's especially stupid that they brag that the guest guy has been to hungary . 
  which means they experienced so well that they even forgot how to pronounce it right, 
  yeah . 
  it was n't only north transylvania where it happened , too . 
  in history books the most often mentioned crime that rogue military groups committed was the one in and around \u00dajvid\u00e9k , today novi sad , serbia . 
  there the perpetrators even had to flee to germany so that they would n't get punished . 
  he said that the land was ` gifted to hungarian extremists ' , implying that the hungarian state was extremist at the time ( horthy was closest to churchill ideology-wise ) , or that the local hungarian population was ( which was basically half the area , btw , obviously each country 's census * somehow * showed that nationality to be the majority ), 
  those were independent actions by the local military shitheads , and were immediately stopped by the higher command arriving there . 
  but of course , it was ethnic cleansing if you say so, 
  english , where both are possible alternatives, 
  depends on dialect and language, 
  i do but wtf can i even do, 
  yeah it 's not that hard . . unless you mean billion as in a million million , in which case it 's really hard, 
  no , it comes from * anya * ( mother ) + * - tok * ( your , plural , implied accusative ), 
  i believe he said that he meant the entire political elite when he said `` we lied day and night '' , which i guess makes sense at least . 
  not that it would salvage his reputation though . 
  it means like `` you guys ' whore mother ( s ) '' , but it 's also in the accusative because it 's the shortened form of `` bassz\u00e1tok meg a kurva any\u00e1tok '' ( go fuck your whore mother/s ), 
  no it 's not ... that would be `` odabasztam a viktornak '' . . `` felbaszni '' means to make someone angry, 
  well lots of people only vote for them because there is n't a viable alternative ... that said though yeah the zealous fidesz fans are definitely more than 1 %, 
  ca n't not upvote that, 
  this is just madness . 
  i sympathize with the catalan independence movement wholeheartedly , but this is not the way to go ... this would just end up hurting catalans by cutting them off from the eu . 
  that said though , i do n't see any better way of doing so , so maybe it 's not that bad of an idea afterall ... i do think the status quo has to be broken there,
