  except the dugovics one , because he never existed . 
  they made up his story in the 17th century so that someone could claim nobility to the habsburgs and they could get some land with fake papers or sth, 
  / r/operationstreisand, 
  * western europe, 
  allah is laughing at him so hard probably , he did n't even kill any infidels, 
  ( totally not gone genocidal ), 
  and probably in burgenland too, 
  not doing it at all would be one, 
  i did n't say you did , i 'm just saying that they are sexist, 
   femininity , stands for a preference for cooperation , modesty , caring for the weak and quality of life . 
  wow nothing sexist here, 
  these data are meaningless . 
  you literally ca n't know which side of the spectrum is which . 
  you just state what they 're measuring then give a bunch of numbers . 
  what do the numbers mean ? 
  how on earth do you feel like your home area is * england * ?? 
  thats a huge fucking place , i bet you didnt even see all of it . 
  i did n't see the whole of hungary either , so my home area is my hometown and nothing else . 
  haha , rekt, 
  look at it this way : it was the nationalism of the british that made it necessary . 
  they just spread their disease, 
   they wo n't be turning out any articles to read . 
  someone else will turn out some then . 
  if they wont publish their shit without their precious profits , maybe it was n't worth publishing that much in the first place , was it ? 
  honestly , who cares if they make a profit or not . 
  its not the people 's job to care about that . 
  we just want to read the article they put on the internet . 
  it would also be great if they were from being posted on / r/europe, 
  i would agree with you , but this is a crucial thing , people have to be informed about , say , politics , and it should n't be allowed to not show them this information because they 're using an ad blocker . 
  for a tabloid , ok , who cares , block users all you want , but a political newspaper should never be allowed to do this, 
  does it also work for telegraph.co.uk ? 
  i 'd shut down that consulate, 
   katrina and the waves that sounds like a reference to hurricane katrina, 
  no , you see , it has canada in it too , so its a world cup ( / s ), 
   and the rest of the world nah , china 's gon na be fine . 
  inb4 new ultra-superpower, 
  convincing people is literally the course of democracy, 
  there was a similar situation with most cities in transylvania and slovakia , just replace jews with germans and turks with hungarians, 
  you are a member of nato , russia is not retarded, 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  yeah , western european countries traditionally purged them in the past , that 's why they came to eastern europe instead , where they were tolerated, 
  switzerland existed way before nationstates were an idea in anyones head, 
  yeah , there is a church on the main square , but other than that , there are no real touristy places . 
  although yes , the downtown area in general looks very nice . 
  and yeah theres an aquapark , and near the city theres also a lake , which is a common spot for cycling around and in the summer , for bathing . 
  about the religious situation : well most people are agnostics here too , it was promoted during communism , but most people didnt technically leave their faith . 
  although in the poorer rural areas there are still people who believe in god , mainly older folk, 
  im from kaposv\u00e1r , roughly halfway between the balaton and p\u00e9cs . 
  catholicism is the most prevalent religion , but calvinist protestantism becomes more and more common as you go eastwards ( aka . 
  you go farther from vienna and the counterreformation ) and by debrecen its the majority religion . 
  yeah , but budapest is huge in contrast . 
  it has like 2million people , while the next biggest , debrecen has like 200k . 
  so yeah . . that doesnt mean that they dont have nice places though , for example debrecen is also known as ` the calvinist rome ' , and it has an amazing reformed church . 
  its also on the way to romania from budapest , 
  budapest is the obvious , there is a whole lot to see there , you can spend days there , the other major towns have way less interesting things to see . 
  of these , debrecen , szeged or p\u00e9cs are the best . 
  if you like nature , go to the aggtelek national park . 
  if you like beach stuff , go to the balaton lake , i recommend the southern side because it 's better for swimming and the scenery is better ( the northern side has the iconic badacsony hill , which is best seen from the other side ), 
   neither was budapest it was actually , on november 17 , 1873 . . this is the date it came to be from the three older cities : buda , pest and \u00d3buda :p, 
   cheer for the same football team depends . 
  for your national team you cheer with your countrymen , for your city 's club you may cheer with people not of your nationality , but from the same city . 
  then again , i do n't think the national team would have to be abolished , they could work , but on the basis of national identity instead of citizenship ( so for example a danish person from german schleswig would still play in the danish team etc. ), 
   i do n't foresee this dying out in my generation rome was n't built in a day either :p, 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong to identify as hungarian ( or danish , or anything else for that matter ) , what i 'm saying is that nationality should not be an important thing in how a state works , just like religion is n't for example . 
  secondly , i do n't understand why it 's such an important thing for all people in a country to speak one and only one language . 
  a state could just perfectly function with its population speaking multiple languages , see switzerland or india . 
  i honestly ca n't think of a convincing reason why i * should * live in the same state as a hungarian from the other side of the country , and why i * should n't * with for example a croatian who lives closer to me . 
  there 's no point in such an ( in my opinion ) arbitrary separation . 
  we all have mostly the same values ( in the eu ) , so we could form a state just as well-functioning ( hell , coming from hungary , a way better functioning ) as the current nationstates, 
  they 're also kind of the reason why i hate it , the amount of ignorance our nationalists have towards anything outside their bubble is just incredible, 
  yeah , but the positives you are describing do n't really come from the nation state ideal . 
  same things happened in switzerland too ... 
  i hate the nationstate i was born in too , why does my nationality matter ? 
   nation states did a lot of good i fail to see that . 
  you yourself only listed the possibility of total war , so let me rephrase the question : what good did nationstates ever do the non-ruling class ? 
  they were just used by the leaders to gain easy support for anything , just like religion in the middle ages . 
  `` for the good of the nation '' is the very same thing as `` for the glory of god '' , just rephrased . 
  hungary should be `` huxit '', 
  exactly . 
  nationalism is the past now . 
  people should not hold onto their pathetic nationstates so eerily . 
  they have never done a single good thing , and they wo n't in the future either . 
  exactly . 
  if anyone 's responsible directly for all those dead people in the mediterranean , that 's themselves ( except the children who were forced to do that , which i think should be a crime ), 
  it 's also a slippery slope if you allow them to preach hate . 
  in this situation , there 's no real good solution, 
   it 's a fine line to walk . 
  i suspect you 'd be a bit more upset if they were doing the same with the far-right content . 
  i would n't , hungary is already doing this , the worst hate-preaching hungarian sites are now hosted from outside the country for this reason, 
  well it didnt say that , it said it was a synonym which doesnt necessarily imply that its the same per se, 
  jesus christ , is the english language this deep in the nationstate delusion ? 
  i cant even, 
  minister of housing of sweden or the minister of housing in sweden, 
  people ruining their life with their choices ? 
  where 's the news in that ? 
  citizenship = / = nationality, 
  except you 're not, 
  yeah that works , because everyone knows that a rapist would never enter a compartment if it was women only amirite ? 
  such a clickbait, 
   you 're a papist anyway i read `` you 're a rapist '' at first . _ .
