  exactly, 
  in other words , they forced their own opinions and beliefs onto the whole population , while they are the ones who will suffer the least from their own decisions . 
   51 % of britain voted for a brexit but thats not true . 
  voter turnout was way too low for that, 
  [ gone authoritarian ], 
  hypocrisy like 1 . 
  acknowledging czechoslovakia as a ` winner ' of the war . 
  it literally didnt exist . 
  acknowledging hungary as a loser of the war - it also didnt exist . 
  romania who lost the war and peaced out in 1916 - somehow they were winners too . 
  etc etc. 
  austria wasnt responsible for trianon , that was france . 
  under austria hungary , hungary prospered economically , a lot of things western people already considered a standard only arrived in hungary at that time , like railways and schools and industry etc, 
  austria put an end to our golden era . 
  great job . 
  also western elites being the hypocritical pieces of shit they are as usual . 
  not much to commemorate there, 
  is n't that a retired subreddit after the ec ? 
  this is different . 
  probably the failure of the coup will lead to erdogan gaining absolute powers to the point where there 's no more democracy . 
  yep . 
  if they get guns then i think it will be incredibly inaccurate to call them civilians anymore, 
  fines, 
  here it was like 15c the whole day . 
  tfw i enjoy it better than usual summer days, 
  if i was english i 'd probably just say ` fuck it ' and pronounce the ` sch ' as ` sk ' . 
  with prevrat there 's no such convenient way to make it more pronounceable for an english speaker, 
  even then , the greek alphabet is way way older and basically unchanged since . 
  arguably chinese writing also is , but that changed a lot over time, 
  are you serious ? 
  there were three ` oldest writing systems ' we know of , two of which are still in use ( or its descendants ) : cuneiform , the egyptian alphabet and the chinese writing . 
  also the literal second line of the wiki article about the armenian alphabet also reveals that  it was developed around 405 ce stop guessing around , please, 
  well anything can be west of the urals if you look hard enough , so that is not the definition . 
  the definition is that the urals is part of europe 's traditional border , along with the ural river , the caspian sea , the caucasus mountains and the black sea , bosphorus , aegean , mediterranean etc. 
   british tabloids . 
  might as well just pull reports out of your ass , it will still be more accurate, 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  i also think it 's a cool design and style , but it 's too closely associated with stalinism at this point . 
  flags should n't , coats of arms look fucking awesome with texts, 
  either pre-vruht or pruh-vrat , i do n't think these sound that bad, 
   if you were to remove all non-saxxon words from english , very little would be left . 
  there 's a conlang called anglish which uses only germanic words in english , it 's pretty interesting to look at, 
  * pootch would be the regular spelling of this, 
  tfw you are literally stalin, 
   scotland would be the worst economy in europe if on its own i kekd . 
  you obviously never heard of moldova or kosovo, 
  well in hungary the word for ` trashcan ' or ` trash ' is derived from kuk so i dont think anyone ever took it seriously either . 
  which is relevant why ? 
  tbh in 1956 people had the common sense to not engage people who had guns, 
  yes . 
  the hungarian revolution did exactly this . 
  the communists were elected to power in 1949 with a democratic vote ( which was the end to the 2nd hungarian republic ) . 
  and then in 1956 protesters on the streets and a faction of the military gained control of the radio and there were fights and shit went down . 
  so was that also treason from the military ? 
  um , when it 's a revolution like 1956 in hungary ? 
  or 1989 for that matter , i mean the govt was still sort-of democratically elected ... 
  they are traitors to edogan , to them erdogan is the traitor . 
  there is no objectively ` good ' side here . 
   i 'd prefer every self-proclaimed , not democratically elected body who would hold all power in the state over my police . 
  i usually prefer living a good life the way i want , i do n't care where the government gets its legitimacy from . 
  be it democratically elected or self proclaimed ( or whatever else ) , i always support the government i like better personally, 
  which is bullshit they pretty much went to battle against the military at the orders of erdogan , which makes them everything but civilians . 
  they acted as the personal army of erdogan , they should shoulder the responsibility just as much as the soldiers . 
  yeah , no . 
  there are no `` traitors '' or `` legitimate people '' if you look at it objectively . 
  there are two sides , and one side attacked the other expecting them to not defend themselves . 
  like attacking a tiger barehanded and expecting it to play along, 
  so you think the random nobodies who were going around shouting allahu akbar and attacking the fucking military were in the right to attack the military and expecting the military to not shoot them ? 
  what world do you live in ? 
  but more smelly than the war of the roses, 
   lynching soldiers who have surrendered is completely barbaric also probably against the geneva conventions . 
  i 'd love to see the guys who did this tried because they are war criminals, 
   befriended just no, 
   attacking defenseless civilians ** that were attacking them ** ftfy, 
  well hungary is a complicated one because iv . 
  k\u00e1roly resigned by himself according to the eckertsau declaration , which made hungary into a democratic state , but then the monarchy was re-established in 1921 and there was no official king . 
  k\u00e1roly did continue to claim that throne though , but the regent was mikl\u00f3s horthy who was more than glad to keep his position indefinitely . 
  possibly the habsburgs would 've gotten back if ww2 did n't happen , but it did and the monarchy was abolished in late 1944 . 
  so idk fam . 
  i for one welcome our old/new habsburg overlords, 
  is kuk time again, 
  i would cheer for such a coup if it happened in hungary, 
  well if you do it in 1915 then it doesnt end well , but if you can manage it earlier like 1515 then nobodys gon na bat an eye, 
  its actually pretty windy here too . 
  not sure why but i for one enjoy the lack of 40 \u00b0 + temperatures ( even 30 is too much ), 
  there are no jobs you silly, 
  but there is a huge propaganda war too . 
  how many reports that the coup is `` over '' and `` defeated '' already , while it clearly is n't the case ? 
  the military still has a lot but the propaganda already makes it look like erdogan won, 
  is 2016 eric cartman ? 
  and the meme of the day is ... 
  you got to be aware of how the media works if you need to control it, 
  because then you can pretty easily claim that he is n't in power anymore, 
  hungary is not within the bounds of any crazy irredentist france , so the worst that could happen is that they move back to france and join fn , which is none of our business, 
  sure thing !, 
  it 's actually not his own military . 
  the military is a separate thing and its purpose is to defend secularism at all costs , which seems to be why they 're doing this in the first place, 
  and i 'm just here laughing as eastern europe is becoming the safest place on the planet, 
  pick one of the turkish minors like karaman or dulkadir and defeat the ottomans, 
  eu4 it is then,
