   ps : french are weird . 
  this is the point . 
  and i think wayy too many people simply accept french nationalism 's principles ( which are pretty extreme tbh ) without thinking . 
   different nationalities = different ethnicities . 
  there is not much of a difference . 
  no , of course there is n't . 
  but you should be consistent with the terminology if you do n't want to make a distinction . 
  but * somehow * , in western europe , if one is the same nation that the country says they say it 's their nationality , if they are n't , then it 's just their * ethnicity * . 
  it 's a distinction that 's stupid to make imho , and it 's mainly to de-legitimize the nationhood of nations that do n't line up with the countries . 
  it 's a weird practice that - to me - that mainly western europeans do . 
  ( and this is also because of french nationalism , from what i can tell ), 
  do n't think that would lure away greece . 
  it 's where what used to be / r/european hangs out now, 
  oh right , well that actually makes sense though . 
  hold my quran , i 'm goin ' in !, 
  also pretty random . 
  any idea why they decided to do this ? 
   russian is not foreign there might be minority schools where it 's a foreign language, 
  hungarian was spoken by all the hungarians . 
  latin was the state language . 
  latin was good because it was neutral , so the nationalities did n't care about it that much . 
  but then nationalism came around , and in 1844 the state language was changed to hungarian so that state offices , which were mainly held by hungarians in the first place - started using hungarian instead of latin . 
  that 's basically it . 
  that upset the nationalities of course , because now it was clear that hungarians were favored by the state openly . 
  which is not good , i might add , though i also might add that slovakia has the same thing today , and so does almost every country . 
  i think the main thing that lead to all this was nationalism , which is what we should blame for this whole thing . 
  oh , so you are just a weird nationalist . 
  alright i guess, 
  the keyword is ethnic . 
  you just call them same nation , different ` ethnicity ' , whatever that is supposed to mean . 
  in hungary we call them different nationalities . 
  so yeah , you 're basically also advocating that what we have now should never be changed , nobody ever should want change , should they ? 
  because that 's what you 're saying now . 
  so one should never try and change the system , they should always escape the system and find a life elsewhere , that 's what you 're saying ? 
  no revolution was ever right either , was it ? 
  they should 've just moved, 
  yeah i got that , i just do n't understand why he needs to call it an empire . 
  because probably he also knows full well that it 's basically defined by the fact that it 's not an empire . 
   and why not ? 
  is everyone living in france of french ethnicity ? 
  everyone in uk of british ? 
  in germany , german ? 
  no they are n't , but they do n't acknowledge that the different people are different . 
  i think france has in its constitution that every citizen of france is french and their native language is french or something like that , which is pretty dumb tbh . 
  yeah , but the fact that he calls them colonists is incredibly wrong . 
  sz\u00e9kelys did not come from the main block of hungarians to transylvania , they came with the rest of the guys into transylvania first , and starting from there was the rest of hungary colonized ( or settled , whichever you prefer ), 
  yeah , the ones i met usually bitch about autonomy and/or language use rights . 
  obviously no one sane thinks anywhere that it 's gon na ever be rethought , not here in hungary either . 
  jobbik asshats exist on either side of the borders though . 
  i meant , they had to mention it when talking to western europeans . 
  ( since the dude i was replying to is one ) because let 's be honest , when does a western european comprehend that it 's possible to be from slovakia but not be a slovak . 
   and most hungarians never met in their life , nor spoke to , hungarians minorities living in slovakia , romania or serbia . 
  i have though , to all three of these, 
  the award ceremony of a school competition . 
  they usually invite hungarians from everywhere to those, 
  hungary enacted the first minority protection laws in the world in 1849 , which were also in the post-1867 laws . 
  they sometimes were n't entirely enforced , which is what we call magyarization . 
  contrary to popular belief , in hungary you had the right to study in your own native language , but not all teachers actually let them do it , so they had to study in hungarian mostly because of the teachers ' own choices ( taking into account that at the time intellectuals were incredibly nationalistic , it 's not hard to imagine why people got the idea that you could n't do it in the native language ), 
  no , actually , hungary did have its own units . 
  do your research goddammit . 
  in the monarchy there were 3 types of troops : monarchy troops from both the empire and hungary , imperial troops for austria and guess what ? 
  hungarian troops from and for hungary https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-hungarian_army#royal_hungarian_landwehr even croatia-slavonia had their own troops btw . 
  actually , often they are just called extra counties of hungary . 
  i 've been to ceremonies , where as county of origin they would just put romania or slovakia or ukraine instead and called it a day . 
  i said a thing about `` hungarians who live outside of hungary '' , which he referred to as `` us '' . 
  i mean that 's pretty obvious, 
  again , what 's your point for trying to make millions of people leave their homes ? 
  maybe come up with an actual solution ( which would be to end nationstates once and for all ) , instead of trying to force your own way of thinking onto them . 
  hungarians there are just fine , and unless they are jobbik supporters ( = nationalists ) , they could n't care less . 
  so why do you want to force a shitload of people out of their homes just so that * your * vision of how things should work gets enforced ? 
  satu mare and oradea were pretty obviously only taken for strategic purposes , but yeah . 
  the romanian border still was the most fair one . 
   the hungarian colonists from the middle ages `` colonists '' , which in romania apparently means `` people who did n't actually go further west with the rest of the guys so they can protect the rest of the guys from attacks on the east '' ... weird, 
   hungarian empire the what ? 
  you mean the kingdom of hungary . 
  that literally fought a war to make sure it is n't part of any bullshit ass empire , you just casually call it an empire ... alright then, 
  i think the greatest lesson from the trianon treaty is to realize that national unity is a worthless buzzword . 
  states do n't need to align with nations , one can live just as well without a nanny state to protect their fragile identity . 
  basically , trianon and its consequences basically should invalidate nationalism altogether . 
  i do n't even know what the hell you 're trying to say here . 
  you are saying that 2 million hungarians who are just fine should move , just so they do n't have to remember a historical fact ? 
  man , you really must hate history . 
  i literally could n't care less . 
  do n't boycott stuff because the place it 's from is disputed , you are just hurting the local economy , thereby making life worse for everyone living there, 
   why do you assume they identify as hungarian ? 
  because i know a bunch of them personally , met them and talked with them about this very topic extensively . 
  oh yeah , the great place known as carpathian ruthenia . 
  in the last 100 years , it had 6 owners . 
  must have been great to live there, 
  lol jobbik is invading reddit ? 
  the irony is , they would 've probably appreciated a united hungary if they could assure themselves that we take stance against austria and germany, 
  hussar definitely comes from hungarian husz\u00e1r , the origin of the hungarian word is disputed . 
  it is also said to come from the hungarian word h\u00fasz ( 20 ) , referring to the fact that every 20 peasant house had to bring in one hussar soldier into the army under matthias i, 
  i guess you have to explain to foreigners why you are n't slovak though if you are from slovakia , do n't you ? 
  my family was moved by stalin , they did n't have any other reason to move . 
  also what if tomorrow someone told you that your home is now a different country so get the fuck out ? 
  `` the palace every good hungarian is supposed to pee on '' , according to my old geography teacher, 
   there is almost none magyar language used before that year . 
  troll harder . 
  [ first * only-hungarian * written source is from 1195 ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/funeral_sermon_and_prayer ) kek .
