  the chinese and the japanese are on our side on this one , so it 's hardly `` everyone '' who is n't , 
  * roughly `` esshen raad edge maazha sor/sar '' ... 
  for that they need to protect the places they have the hegemony over, 
  dude , you wo n't believe this , there 's this whole thing called `` diplomatic immunity '', 
  why , what else is it ? 
  yes we do . 
  the important part at the end is also reasonable : if people are n't paying attention yet when you start saying the date , they can still easily catch the important part . 
  in hungarian we say `` 2017 janu\u00e1r 1 '' , so that might be it, 
  which is why i said `` that 's just my two cents and you use what you want '' you can use the mayan calendar for all i care but i will never in my life be convinced that dd-mm-yy is logical in any way, 
   which is not sequential and therefore not logical they use a sensible mm-dd most of the time , which is better and more familiar than dd-mm . 
  the year matters way less , and often written out anyway . 
  2017-02-03 or 02-03-2017 , meh , basically the same , easy to get used to . 
  02-03 meaning march 2 , that 's a complete mindfuck to me . 
  the `` more sequential '' argument sounds stupid to me : it 's more consistent in being nonstandard , it 's the ultimate reversal of the established . 
  therefore worse and harder to get used to than just a minor change like the american one . 
   a little story the story gets longer and more specific depending on the level of anger, 
  i would risk saying it 's likely the other way round :p, 
  yup . 
  there 's a reason why it 's the international standard as well, 
  good luck . '', 
  oh , right . 
  those savages . 
  not exactly , no , not at all . 
  counterintuitive as hell . 
  the american one is actually easier because at least the month and day are in an intuitive order , the other one is entirely in reverse . 
  but that 's just my 2 cents , i do n't really care that much . 
  you use what you want , i just prefer not having to use it myself, 
  no , it 's just the tone corporations deserve, 
  because that 's how dates are written ... also who the fuck * does n't * start with the year ? 
  why not ? 
  easy to tell apart month from the day , unlike other in systems ( cough ) . 
  hungarians also use 2017 . 
  20 . pretty often, 
  yup , sounds realistic . 
  will always love this style, 
  well the guy is pretty old , younger people tend to say `` may 100kg of shit fall on you '' usually, 
  what , how ? 
  shitloads of civilians have to give up their homes because of the shit they either didnt even know about , and/or couldnt influence ? 
  that is a horrible line of thought . 
  had trump started a genocide today , would american civilians also have to leave because they deserved it ? 
  dont think youre a bit extreme here ? 
  if i had to guess : soviet panel blocks everywhere, 
  no , it wouldnt . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg has a russian equivalent , and it 's not kaliningrad, 
  oh , right , i see , thanks , 
  that actually makes sense !, 
  thanks , 
  sounds fair, 
  true , still massively cringy . 
  a single flag is ought to be enough for any government building . 
  everything past that is a waste of money, 
   the point of the flag is to show they care about the country 's future , the fact that they are at a protest already tells everyone that ... that 's like the very point of protests  it is against the government 's policies . 
  ... which makes it doubly weird to use the very flag government also uses . 
   i ca n't believe you are not aware of this ... yeah , sure . 
  but here there are plenty people looking down upon them big time . 
  like myself . 
  which is something i never really seen in other parts of the world . 
  it feels like in many places , people gain instant sympathy from everyone with flags . 
  here , i think many ( even most ) people would just go `` lol k '' or `` y tho '' , seeing people with flags . 
  and it 's massively counterproductive . 
  everyone knows what nationality you are or which country you stand for when you just protest around in the streets of budapest , so if you want to get across a message then write that on a sign . 
  fucking pick up a history book , jesus christ . 
  not only was the kingdom well and alive after 1526 , it did n't even lose buda until 1541 , and the remaining ( still alive ) part still had a hungarian king by nationality until 1570 , on paper . 
  and no , you illiterate ass , hungary was never part of the `` habsburg empire '' , first off because that was never a thing , it was some more-or less united duchies that were gradually merged into one state , but hungary was never part of that ( austrian empire btw ) . 
  there was always a hungarian parliament controlling hungary , the habsburgs only had direct control for short periods like undeer joseph 2 or during the occupation after 1849 . 
  and once again , hungary was not part of the austrian empire from 1867 either , the dual monarchy was a separate , sort of like a mini-eu between the monarchies , the empire and the kingdom ( of hungary ) --  hence k.u.k. 
  the kingdom was a separate title . 
  there were multiple habsburg rulers who werent the king but were emperors , like joseph 2 ( who intentionally did n't want to be king because he could ignore the hungarian parliament and not have to obey hungarian law ) ... and franz joseph between 1849-1867 , because the dude occupied the entire country with his army , and nobody was keen on giving him the crown the kingdom of hungary was legally the same from the beginning in 1000 to 1944 . 
  in my experience in hungary most people just bring a flag so they can write their home city/town 's name on it and show that there are protesters from all parts of the country . 
  the second part was tongue-in-cheek , i would say that romania is culturally closest to hungary , but flag-waving like this will continue to make me cringe , no matter which nation does it . . 
  i 'm pretty disappointed now , i was hoping they would n't do stuff like this , after all the `` thank you eu '' type of stuff this is really going downhill . . 
  hungary is hardly ` the west ' , and my very point is that romanians seem to overuse that flag like westerners or something . 
  it 's like when catholics carry their cross everywhere , cringy, 
  the other migrated from central italy on foot , you decide which one is cooler, 
  flag waving , is that a normal thing at protests there ? 
  the culture seems amazingly distant . 
   does he not know that one has wiped off the map 500 years ago ? 
  what, 
  nationstates gon na nationstate, 
  or , just not have marriage at all . 
  actually in the us there is no official language . 
  by law there is nothing in the us that forces the use of english , it * just so happens * that english is language everone uses everywhere . 
  and it isnt the case everywhere in the us either , puerto rico for example uses spanish i believe ... 
  i dont really have the time to answer in detail , but i was pleasantly surprised by this comment . 
  you seemed way more reasonable here than in your previous comments . 
  i personally prefer this `` laissez faire '' attitude towards nationality , language and stuff like that . 
  does it really matter if some people in slovakia are hungarians , speak hungarian and dont speak slovak ? 
  they will still pay their taxes and contribute to the country anyway . 
  they wo n't automatically become separatist and hate slovakia if they arent slovak . 
  things arent this black and white, 
  oh boy , i never knew what that phrase was a reference to  . <, 
  i really dont know how you can be this nationalistic and still put `` in varietate concordia '' in your flair . 
  your ideology is literally the worst enemy of diversity and unity . 
  i get that in romania this sort of nationalism is normalized . 
  theres a simple reason for that , romania never lost . 
  never was romania forced to look into its own past and make value judgements about its own past . 
  romanians were never forced to think `` wow maybe our nationalism is cancerous '' , because they never lost a major war and had to suffer the consequences . 
  this way , ultra nationalism like what you have demonstrated here many times was normalized . 
  a similar example is ukip or trump . 
  they simply dont think theres anything wrong with their ideology , because the people they hurt didnt have the sheer force to shut them up and put them in their place .
