  and second , your examples are nothing like the thing we 're talking about . 
  some pity swimming competition , which is basically worthless in every sense , versus peoples ' livelyhood and in the worst cases , survival ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the `` gy\u0151zz\u00f6n a jobbik '' principle works fine when there 's nothing serious at stake : money is not like that and should n't be treated like that, 
  well jobbik is now running a more populist campaign but this is basically what their average supporter looks like ( or at least looked like until this populist shit came around ), 
  because rich people already have better opportunities than poor people , without the extra taxation . 
  a flat income tax just takes out the equalizing factor . 
  there 's this thing called the golden dawn , who i 've been told are more extreme than jobbik is in hungary , so most likely yes, 
  we should n't though . 
  username relevant, 
  yes , the maltese love service handing out food to the poor and homeless is clearly evil, 
  when did you do your \u00e9retts\u00e9gi / whatever you guys do in romania ? 
  wait , two years ? 
  i though you graduated in like 2012-ish , no ? 
   must be a 17yolds boys thingy i did n't see while in high . 
   could be , though things probably changed quite a bit since you 've been in high school ... ( not to make you feel old or anything ), 
  girls have different priorities i guess, 
  well , okay ... i never thought my situation was rare, 
   all of them ?!?!, 
  ( 0 . o ) well ( naturally ) most of them are within sexual interest , but not romantic interest . 
  and i do n't feel like grinding through months of that crap again  well , i guess you wo n't like a girl who look like a wrestler and behave like a chav either . 
   well no , but those types of girls are often cunts anyways, 
  ee meaning what ? 
  you should probably edit this comment once you get to 6th grade and learn how percentages work, 
  yeah, 
  finland . 
  we could easily maintain the image of antisocial , grumpy weirdos , plus the weather is less crappy, 
  i do n't think there were more than 3 , and strangely enough i did get a notification for slopeclimber 's post , later . 
  so i assume it depends on the spelling , since this one starts with a small i , and his one with a capital i, 
  the entire paragraph of under the ottoman rule has no sources . 
  i also remember reading something in a hungarian source , but yeah  hungarians moved en mass out during turkish invasions in the banat there was also a bit of a genocide against hungarians in the 1600s because transylvania tried something funny to get out of vassalage and did n't manage to succeed, 
  look ma , i 'm famous ... but for some reason i did n't get notified of the username mention . 
  weird, 
  yeah , at the time , there was no majority . 
  like , it 's completely impossible . 
  way too many nations there for there to be a majority . 
  `` multiculturalism only came when the austrias conquered '' is simply a lie . 
  besides the obvious presence of hungarians , the area had croats , romanians , slovaks , rusyns , gypsies , bulgarians , and most likely turks too . 
  i would accept if you said that germans ( who also became quite numerous , too ) were not there yet , but that would still not be true , most likely , given that timis\u0327oara was a german-majority town, 
  no , not really . 
  the banat and vojvodina was hungarian majority for a long time , the serbs became the majority there when serbia was part of turkey and came as refugees . 
  it was never part of any serbian state either until 1920, 
  hungarian , english , italian ( using italian basically any romance language ) , and german . 
  i also know the grammar of esperanto but honestly i do n't find it worth studying any more than that , and i am trying to learn japanese in my free time, 
   a1 : can interact in a simple way provided the other person talks slowly and clearly and is prepared to help . 
  now excuse me , but that is pretty much possible using only your hands , gestures and talking in your own language hoping the addressee understands . 
  you are not even an eu citizen , stop telling us what to do with our internal affairs . 
  in public . 
  do n't play the game in public and you 'll be fine . 
   in my ignorant westerner ears , slavic language is slavic . 
  nah , it 's that way actually . 
  i am also brown-haired and have blue eyes . 
  but it 's really fucking stupid to base your identity around those is n't it ? 
  i * could * call myself one of those , but there 's no point . 
  skin color is the exact same thing , it 's just hugely overromanticized in america . 
  plus , it makes no fucking sense in my context . 
  where i live , the main two people groups are hungarians and gypsies . 
  and while it is * generally * true that hungarians are more white and gypsies are somewhat brown , but you can easily find white gypsies and hungarians with fairly dark skin ( both locals and descendants of immigrants ) . 
  so `` white '' as identifier means nothing culturally in the end . 
  agreed, 
  here the gypsy-sounding ones are `` ors\u00f3s '' `` bogd\u00e1n '' and `` kal\u00e1nyos '', 
  nagy ( big , great ) 2 . 
  kov\u00e1cs ( smith ) 3 . 
  varga ( shoemaker ) 7 . 
  kiss ( small ) 8 . 
  n\u00e9meth ( german ) 10 . 
  balog ( left-handed ) 12 . 
  papp ( priest ) most names are nationality names , professions , or referring to physical characteristics , occasionally they 're given names, 
  i 'm really bothered that europeans now use `` white '' and other `` racial '' terms that are normally exclusive to america , unironically . 
  i mean , i get that you are influenced by america a lot but seriously . 
  try to implement the positive and the meaningful parts of their culture, 
  i do n't think we do, 
  maybe i 'm not in the right social circles , but most people i know are fairly sexually repressed . 
  thanks christianity . 
  was she from budapest or something ? 
   goulash true  csardas nowadays we usually do mulat\u00f3s , not cs\u00e1rd\u00e1s . 
   gypsies depends on the region , but there 's not many gypsies all around  horny women definitely not true . 
  unless you mean prostitutes , who are paid to pretend to be horny , so idk if that counts, 
  i do n't know . 
  you can swear [ quite delicately ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oz0npco.jpg ) in hungarian , there 's just too much to choose from, 
   i have heard italians are also using horse dick for swear/insult too . 
  :d i 'm pretty sure they do n't . 
  i know quite a few italians and they were are amazed that we use that so often . 
  budapest has the house of terror , but the inner city is mostly austro-hungarian architecture . 
  you 'd have to venture farther for soviet architecture afaik, 
  hey , we also use * l\u00f3fasz * = horse dick, 
  i do n't know any stereotypes about hungary, 
  hungary , austria , slovakia , italy , germany , france , spain , uk . . that 's 7 . 
  also went through slovenia like 3 times , but that does n't matter, 
  i basically only follow english-speaking youtube channels ... are there even good non-english ones ? 
   the host is super knowledgeable having seen the hungary one , lolno he is n't, 
  i overwhelmingly prefer american accents , mainly west coast . 
  since the accent i speak myself as well, 
   from what i can see only the academics/intellectuals call themselves roma . 
  oh lol , i 've heard a gypsy phd student refer to himself as a cig\u00e1ny . 
  idk about where you live , but most gypsies actually use the term gypsy to refer to themselves, 
  some type of anal perhaps ? 
  no idea, 
  i was expecting [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zviymtmpbxe&amp;ab_channel=newvavegermany80 ), 
  idk , but it 's definitely among the more common ones,
