   pig - gui\u021b does that sound like `` gwits '' or `` gujts '' ? 
  almost all are the same in hungarian . 
  interesting :p the ones that are n't are : frog - brekeke chicken is usually kotkod\u00e1cs but thats almost the same, 
   billions are not starving oh i 'm sorry , only [ 750 million ] ( http://www.stopthehunger.com/ ) take note that most of these actually live in countries where there 's a food surplus , which means that the only reason they 're starving is the economic system responsible for distributing said food . 
  i 'll let you guess which one that is  they were starving to death under marxist policies kek , you realize i live in an ex-communist country right ? 
  i know very well what they were doing under the `` marxist policies '' and none of them was starving to death , sorry to burst that bubble, 
   compare hungary with slovakia slovakia is like 10 % hungarians , so there 's not much point to that comparison, 
  government = / = culture , hell i would argue that they are opposites . 
  millions , hell , billions starving right now , all the homeless and unemployed , the people working in shitty sweatshops would most definitely agree with me . 
  these were , btw , all stuff that did n't exist in communism or were absolutely marginal . 
   every form of communism say goodbye to your pensions , healthcare and education then , and welcome your brand new bourgeois overlords, 
  so essentially , they turned marx into a holy figure and his book into a holy book . 
  it was more a religion than an ideology , really, 
  no , no it does n't . 
   this is what right-wingers actually believe, 
  dae can also mean does anyone else think , it 's a pretty common contraction on reddit, 
  dae intellectuals can only talk the way i do, 
  how do i point it out when the comment was removed , genius ? 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2014-04-07/is-hungary-the-eu-s-only-dictatorship http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/06/hello-dictator-hungary-orban-viktor-119125 http://www.newstatesman.com/austerity-and-its-discontents/2013/04/hungary-no-longer-democracy, 
  that 's not what i replied to . 
  the comment i replied to said with zero evidence that now there are no choices in universities . 
  thats all it said, 
  never said closing it was a good thing , it was n't ... nice strawman, 
  the worst is that western europeans will genuinely believe that shit, 
  as someone who is choosing university in hungary right now , you 're full of shit , asshole , there 's loads of universities, 
  literally no one said a word about the left , except you, 
   did you guys not have protests before then ? 
  yeah but the govt was n't scared enough i guess ? 
  except , you know , stalin made the warsaw pact , so even he was internationalist when it fit his goals ... 
  there 's nothing new about globalism , trotsky was a globalist for example ... nowadays it 's getting traction again because the internet changed everything . 
   nobody is truly `` sovereign '' now . 
  do n't think anyone was ever sovereign , except like isolated tribes in the middle of the amazon , which is basically what nationalists want to make us into . 
  kinda hard to be socialist without being internationalist though, 
  bullshitting, 
  there 's europe day, 
  more out of interest rather than reach tbh . . 
  i had a few bad experiences with girls , they 're mostly this cute-sey romantic-y types that i really do n't like, 
  and all it costs is a social life, 
  yeah , which include catalans, 
  the eu did n't choose meps either, 
  because a shitty joke is n't as bad as genuinely believing this, 
  this is the right answer, 
  already did, 
  shitty meme . 
  yeah , because that 's what christianity does , you know that right ? 
  helping those in need is a christian value, 
  slovakia is the most corrupt one in the group fam, 
  germany is ruled by christian conservatives , equivalent to kdnp . 
  always thought it was bme, 
  is that supposed to be a joke, 
  well they should n't have let these types of countries like spain in in the first place , but now that they did , they should n't encourage them at least, 
  what do mps have to do with this ? 
  its not like the eu chose the spanish mps or the catalan mps, 
  damn , shame for the eu thing , it 's insanely stupid how they do n't allow this : / would love to see and independent catalonia in the eu, 
  what 's the referendum about exactly ? 
  would a successful referendum mean that catalonia leaves spain as well as the eu unilaterally ? 
  really ? 
  no , that 's exactly what this is : being a disgusting nationalistic fanatic . 
  literally hitler appreciated cultural differences more . 
  would be pretty accurate, 
  why do you even have nationality as a legal term, 
  fair enough , i was thinking about nationalism in general when i said 200, 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame minorities for feudal wars ... 
  in the end most people were just peasants wanting to live their lives , they did n't ask their landlords to start fighting each other all the time , did they ? 
   forced integration integration is n't quite the same as assimilation , what was going on in france was forced assimilation . 
  the historical minorities were perfectly * integrated * into the society , as in , they did n't go on to cause trouble all the time or be dangerously against the core of society like for example radical islamists do . . 
  they could be lived with is what i mean . 
  but there was a forced assimilation wherein they purposely imposed parisian french culture on everyone . 
   but as far as the state is concerned , you 're french if you 're a citizen , period . 
  yeah we have state recognized nationalities , 13 of them to be exact , and those are only the recognized ones . 
   and that 's also my opinion by which i assume you mean that the state should treat everyone equally , with which i agree naturally, 
  i hijacked your comment to say another fun fact and to correct op 's map . . 
  not sure if sarcasm, 
  sounds like it 's not great, 
  yeah it 's kinda freaky to me , i would feel incredibly uncomfortable with that . 
  i think the main thing is that it looks to me that in france the concept of the nation , the identity is derived from the state , while in the east we see the state as something that we created , and we do n't assign as much value to citizenship , much more to the national identity . 
  which i personally think is more fair , i mean especially in such a diverse place as eastern europe . 
  himnusz means anthem though , for any practical purpose . 
  unless you 're a pedantic literature teacher , no one uses `` himnusz '' to mean `` hymn '', 
  citizenship is n't nationality . 
   you 're seeing a problem that does n't exist . 
  if it did n't exist , the balkans would be a peaceful world of rainbows . 
  but it is n't , because unlike western europeans they realize that citizenship is n't nationality , and if the state tells you that you are n't what you are is a crappy thing . 
  that 's kind of a different case though , white americans basically treat them as if they were a different nationality , they have a long history of segregation and everything . 
  yeah but fascism is n't 2 thousand years old, 
  profit driven schools , holy crap . 
  what is this , america ? 
  romans were way less hostile to non-romans . 
  whether that 's because they were more civilized or they would 've oppressed them more if they could 've is debatable , but they were by no means as shitty as the fascists, 
   where 's the part where we deny you your nationhood ? 
  where i 'm french when i have the citizenship . 
  i ca n't belong to a different nation when i 'm born there or acquire citizenship otherwise . 
  compare that to hungary , where you have people born here and have citizenship , who would beat you up for suggesting they 're hungarians . 
  or those guys called slovaks who broke off the country when they were treated as if they were hungarians and still hate hungary for it . 
  ( rightfully , may i add . 
  adopting these french ideals was probably the single worst thing to ever happen to this country ), 
   what are we denying them by that ? 
  their nationhood ? 
   by considering them french ? 
  well , because minorities are the people who are n't french , in any country the minorities are the people who are n't of that nationality ...  feel strongly against france i do n't but i do have strong opinion about this insane minority policy and ideology , which got my country invaded and partitioned , as an addition to the second world war and displacing my family .
