   hungary also attacked romania in 1919 well the two countries were at war  the right of the majority was followed no it was n't . 
  romania took cities which did n't even have romanian names ffs ( satu mare ) ... you have an incredibly lax definition of following the ethnic principle  this disscusion is anyway futile today i 'm not some jobbik douche with the revision plans and shit , i 'm just trying to remind you that it was n't a good event for anyone . 
  well there still might be some wandering children who find their way into a school, 
  oh boy , he soon gets to hungary ... eeeeh, 
  the grey one is the longest an all but one of them . 
  but then again apparently those people do n't exist at all, 
   owned a lada niva that was gifted to him by russian politician vladimir zhirinovsky . 
  fuck i mean i would love to be gifted a lada niva by vladimir , that 's quite the accomplishment, 
  yes , obviously . 
  but this is the time i have to mention that austria-hungary stopped existing in late 1918 . 
  not to mention that at the time wars were considered a great way to solve problems . 
  such enlightened times . 
  today everyone denounced russia because wars are fucking stupid . 
  at the time just nationalism and the fake feeling of national glory was considered not just okay , but rather as prestigious , as something to be proud of . 
  and as such a war like that was welcomed . 
  you should make a youtube tutorial with the title `` how to look like an idiot trying to avoid having to debate '' . 
  seriously , you are asking people to ignore facts and just go with whatever you 've been told to believe . 
  so yes , i am comparing two wars , wherein the aggressor held a referendum , and claimed it was totally legit . 
  except you know , in one of them , it was n't actually a referendum , just a few select people voting without any sort of supervision or international presence . 
   \\ + others were a majority oh wait , so the others now count like that ? 
  hungarians + others made up 100 % of the old hungary , can we get everything back nao  who were assimilated through magyarization by that logic : today most of transylvania is just a bunch of hungarians , and assimilated hungarians from the ceausescu era . 
  logically , we deserve the land , because the ancestors of the locals were hungarians ... yeah again , amazing reasoning . 
  damn foreigners ca n't understand even our language , how do they even live like that ? 
  especially weird is the part that `` everyone in slovakia has to learn slovak '' . 
  the exact law in reverse ( lex apponyi ) was the very reason they wanted independence in the first . 
  the fucking hypocrisy . 
  and to tell , the same thing in hungary is n't in place anymore either . 
  our slovak minority can go to school without having to learn hungarian , the same is n't true the other way . 
   they did n't technically lose , there was a romanian majority under foreign leaders . 
  yeah , much like ukraine did n't lose crimea , it was just the evil ukrainians who were so damn * foreign * that it was just rightful that they were annexed . 
  ai n't that right ? 
   the romanian majority ... of 52 % or something like that ? 
  so basically , it was as clear as brexit is today . 
  yuge majority , just yuge, 
   they love victor orban [ totally ] ( http://kozvelemenykutatok.hu/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/jelenlegi_trend.jpeg ), 
  horv\u00e1t ( h ) is also the most common name over here i believe, 
  low energy google maps, 
  porridges of europe ? 
  probably not much . 
  a subreddit can exist without the area it 's about being an independent state . 
  or even existing . 
  yeah obviously , but still its weird to think about, 
  well i hope that bullshit doesnt spread from the anglo countries , but right now it looks like it wont, 
  even worse when they compare it to the ussr . 
  especially on places like reddit , where there are people who actually did live in both . 
  idk what these people even expect . 
  i get that theyre most likely from some rich western european family and have fuck all of an idea of what life under communism was like , but are they also not educated on it ? 
  you know that the `` right wing '' is just a fancy word for people that want to halt societal progress , right ? 
  how does it make anything better for anyone ? 
  because someone at some point said so in western europe , so now we are . 
  i always wonder what education is like in one of those countries at the very bottom . 
  does the teacher just waltz in and start off with `` okay so lets start learning kids , first thing we 're gon na learn today is that we 're literally the absolute shittest place on earth to live . 
  any questions ? 
  well , this whole thing was something that was long due . . it 's complete bullshit that affected everyone , including him, 
   anyone fighting the versailles treaty fascists has my sympathy . 
  keep up , adolf \\ - somebody at some point , probably, 
  not sure if sarcasm or actually serious, 
   commissioner tibor navracsics holy shit a fidesz member doing good stuff . 
  i havent seen such an event since i dont even know when, 
  well we are not citizens of the world . 
  there is no world citizenship at all , you could consider the universal declaration of human rights that , but it is n't . 
  like a shitton of them , yes, 
  hungary has always been shit when it was n't under some sort of protective block . 
  i think hungarians realize that there will never be a `` strong and independent '' hungary in the sense that russia or france or the uk or the us can be strong and independent . 
  as such from there you just have to choose the least shitty larger block , which is clearly the eu . 
  i think hungarians would welcome it , it would help the position of hungarians there . 
  or are we not hating this year ? 
  topkek, 
  i loled at creuse, 
  for the lazy : he 's a mod of / r/moldova, 
   -4 points reddit ca n't into jokes, 
  weirdos , in hungary you can at most have 3 given names, 
  still pretty late, 
   your country was not divided across artificial borders , leaving a part of your people in a separate state which turned hostile to them mine was . 
  yet i will tell you that war is a stupid stupid way to try and solve this . 
  why are they even allowed to have that many names, 
  interesting . 
  you claim you 're swiss and then you are also strongly opinionated in international political issues . 
  do n't acknowledge all of them , just certain ones . 
  or not acknowledge them all as equals of each other . 
   smaller countries like the netherlands is n't the netherlands like 16 million people ? 
  impossible to be close to a population that large . 
   propaganda propaganda is when the state does it , you know that right ? 
  i do n't really think the government is putting pro-independence shit everywhere . 
  spain , like all other countries in europe , is a nationstate first and not a democracy . 
  the principal value to it is the nation , not democracy . 
   in english `` sharp s '' , is a consonant that evolved as a ligature of `` long s and z '' ( \u017fz ) and `` long s over round s '' ( \u017fs ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%9f literally the second row, 
  the german one is a mix , it 's both '' \u017fs '' and '' \u017fz '' at the same time, 
   ez nagyon szep cica brings different picture in mind . 
  ( can i pet your kitten ? ), 
  btw in hungarian slang , boob is `` cick\u00f3 '' or `` cici '' so it 's not that far off actually, 
   regular power-hungry & blank-gazed psychopath . 
  few factories in the 2 major cities does n't count as industrialized, 
  after all , it 's basically the only non-indo-european language in the area , so the structure can be very confusing . 
   i loled when i heard that cice means kitty cica means kitten , yeah . 
  why is it funny though ? 
  probably, 
  i do n't think most people care . 
  as long as they fought for hungary they can be national heroes .
