  there are no tech groups in eu4 anymore, 
  like seriously . 
  anyone can do it . 
  ah okay thanks  i 'm still not as good at italian as i should be : /, 
  still not seeing how that 's relevant ? 
  what did lenin do to the baltic states ? 
  no they did n't, 
  that sounds depressing to say the least . 
  what ? 
  this cunt or corbyn . 
  omfg i 'm gon na need some popcorn over here, 
  yes they are , lol . 
  nah i kinda meant to say that just because one is an atheist does n't mean they 're free of retarded beliefs . 
  what do you mean where did i get this from ? 
  as i was saying , insane beliefs are not exclusive to religions , an example is anti-vaxxers . 
  exactly my point . 
  why would the person who made this put `` lose your freedom '' on it ? 
  obviously they did n't have any freedom to start with, 
  omfg that 's one stupid picture ... seriously , how does anyone come to the conclusion that anyone was free under the czarist system ? 
  that makes it an even worse example then, 
  the us does n't have an official language , that 's a terrible example, 
  you could fap to her , you just are n't trying hard enough, 
   may is n't fappable even when she 's nude . 
  you 're just not trying hard enough, 
  using ads should also constitute harassment, 
  goddamn that country = person metaphor is so retarded, 
   hungary no result thank god, 
   911 you mean 112 ? 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram ? 
  it happens when your connection is shit and you smash the `` save '' button over and over, 
  i can already foresee this being in the literature textbooks of the next century, 
  please do n't delete the duplicates ... this is hilarious, 
  idk man , they 're probably gilfs at best, 
  there are 6 speakers of livonian left according to wikipedia, 
  livonians still exist today, 
  this is local news . 
  at this point , anyway , it 's a regular occurrence and it 's local to western europe . 
  got ta agree there with you . 
  romania is definitely not very big on the xenophobic side . 
  theres people like basescu and lots of cunts in the general populace , but i would say it 's way less xenophobic than western europe for example, 
  there you 'd be afraid of stds, 
  hamas, 
  they do n't , but they have the right to do so . 
  the name `` prussians '' is not copyrighted at all , hell it 's been reused once already, 
   you are biased because you 're a beacon of neutrality on the issue ? 
  what the actual fuck do you think of yourself, 
   montenegro has reportedly barred 149 russians and ukrainians this is western media , so i would assume they 're just retards and that they call russians living in ukraine `` ukrainians '', 
   but is there any country that objects the above countries ' names ? 
  who cares ? 
  it 's nobody 's business but their . 
  this is the case with every place ever . 
  you have no right to tell them what to do . 
   so , they are probably the most legitimate hairs of the respective ancient ethnicity . 
  yeah , not in the slightest . 
  legitimacy would imply that there 's some kind of law or convention as to how you can name a country . 
  but there is n't imagine if somebody suggested that greece should be renamed to southern balkans because some parts of historical greece is actually in italy now and that it 's offensive to them . 
  the situation is the exact same, 
  this cunt is gon na lose her elections . 
  i 'm calling it, 
   these people are not linked to the ancient macedonia by any means . 
  and then what ? 
  belgium is n't linked to the ancient belgae either for example , or switzerland to the helvetii , or spain/hispania to its ancient history , and the list goes on and on . 
  they really do n't, 
   a lot of hungarians say that , unfortunately . 
  no they do n't , lol, 
   needs to happen for us to accept them . 
  then dont accept them ? 
   can someone please explain to me why did they even start using the macedonia name ? 
  cause the country in its entirety is in the historical territory of macedonia, 
  he was truly a master of counting things, 
  i mean the hungarian one . 
  are you even kidding, 
  something something how would this be possible with the forcelimits in eu4, 
  or you know , plato , socrates, 
  yeah i remember that . 
  good good, 
  then you could try not being completely stupid , to start off your reddit career, 
  the part until `` gia\u0300 l'ora suono\u0300 '' would make a great european anthem , too . 
  yeah . 
  that 's den haag, 
  this is generally ignored for most empires , not just this particular one . 
  blaming people for oppression because they are the same nationality as the oppressors is really stupid , unsurprisingly many genocides and ethnic cleansing happened because of this, 
   the ~ ~ turks ~ ~ ottoman dynasty conquered a group of people , subjugated and oppressed them for centuries , ftfy . 
  the ottoman dynasty oppressed turks too, 
  they would 've also taken cilicia , in order for it to be controlled by france, 
   france and the british empire were so weakened and worn down that they were not willing and could not enforce the treaty . 
  implying that 's a bad thing ? 
  imperialists getting weaker is an absolutely positive thing , perhaps the only good thing to arise from that war , besides the weimar republic . 
  which is constantinople in english . 
  in english we use the english names for cities . 
  it 's `` milan '' , not `` milano '' , `` venice '' , not `` venezia '' , it 's `` the hague '' , not `` den haag '' etc etc. 
  konstantiniyye = constantinople is one of these english names, 
  yeah but the ones ending in - o or - u definitely do n't come from the plural . 
  should be called front familiaire, 
   sees flair so , uh , how 's russia ? 
  that 's a ny . 
  btw i know , but i do n't care . 
  they write it that way , they reap what they sow, 
  now sorry but not all of the green ones come from `` poma '' , in fact most look like they come from `` pomum '', 
  and the spanish word is just a regular pussy,
