  where do i cast my vote ? 
  i guess that answers / u/grijzepilion 's question on why it is n't being shut down by the lobby . 
  you just made a comment with literally no content in it , what did you expect ? 
  i do n't think it matters as long as it 's easy to understand, 
  yeah , obviously, 
  west european regressives are n't even left tbh . 
  n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g was nothing like that anyway, 
   it 's not a right wing view . 
  it 's a fascist one . 
  fascism is a right wing view though . 
  sure , it also could have been aliens . 
  literally only fidesz had a good reason to do that, 
  the post 1990 one was n't that though . 
  the communist party distributed a different paper afterwards, 
  the fucking symbolism though . 
  fidesz manages to shut down a paper literally named `` liberty '' . 
   supposed to be allies  hungary and serbia holy shit wtf is this idiocy, 
   the rijksmuseum cost 375 million euros to renovate , going over budget multiple times , would you call that a waste of space and money ? 
  yes . 
  would 've been much better if that money went to help the poor . 
  build houses for homeless ppl first then afterwards you can make these other things for fun, 
  these are not even comparable to dante , da vinci , michelangelo etc etc, 
  italy is also a new thing and can be disbanded , just sayin . 
  italys best pieces of culture also come from a time when it wasnt unified . 
  the government of catalonia can easily ignore that decision from madrid , pretend it didnt happen and still have the local law in place . 
  or formally change the law and still order the police to shut down any attempt to organize bullfights . 
  and no , madrid wont take any sort of aggressive stance if this happens , you 're out of your mind with this whole `` war '' thing . 
  or you think that madrid would tell the army to go and shoot up an otherwise loyal part of the country just because ? 
  so ignoring laws here and there is literally anarchism ? 
  what the hell ? 
  you realize that most progress in history was initiated by people breaking laws , even those that never sought anything even close to anarchy . 
  laws are nothing more than a list of what the state approves of and what it does n't . 
  if you hold as a holy book what the state prescribes people to do , then i have simply no words . 
  it 's incredibly important to make sure that it 's the people who tell the state what to do , not the other way round . 
  if a state makes some stupid decision , the people should either ignore it or in an extreme case force the state to bend to their will . 
  i believe that in this particular , the less extreme variant is just about reasonable . 
  all is an overestimate , but most do , yes, 
  and what is the law ? 
  some infallible holy writing that shall never be violated or what ? 
  no , it 's just orders from the state, 
   it seems like a proxy war of the american pro-choice vs. pro-life debate . 
  if i was catalonias government i 'd immediately declare that the spanish constitutional court can suck a big one and ignore that decision, 
  sleeping in the terminal is cheaper, 
  by this logic every other government would also be totalitarian . 
  what determines how totalitarian a government is how much they have to fear being mob lynched, 
  `` un '' is the most horrible , nationalism-inspired name, 
   under a single flag ? 
  if there 's something a government over the whole world * would n't * need is a forced symbol over everybody . 
  yeah . 
  statues belong to the statue graveyard . 
  tbh the only fun part in / r/europe anymore is the nationalist flame wars, 
  shiit , this is n't gon na end well, 
  tfw you ca n't join the finno-ugric banter train, 
  even if you deliberately ignored that there were major campaigns who encouraged people to not vote , that would still not be true . 
  if you do n't vote , you did n't vote . 
  non-voters should be counted always every time . 
  i would even support having empty seats in parliament to represent non-voters, 
   claims about big majority of hungarians  posts percentage among just those who voted, 
  ah , the beauty of civic nationalism, 
  same thing tbh, 
  tell that to the million casualties of ww2 and the 1,3 million hungarians still living outside the borders , and the people who were deported afterwards , etc etc, 
  i do n't feel bad for anyone who had that minuscule part of their property destroyed . 
  i feel the same amount of bad as i feel for people who bump into someone and drop their ice cream - sure , its bad , but seriously who cares, 
  unfortunately , yup, 
  who cares , they 're a billionaire company . 
  interestingly , in hungary we use both of those two ( zsemle/zs \u00f6mle and vekni ), 
  romania lost ww1 , what are you on about ? 
  the romanian-hungarian war was a different thing, 
  nobody can say ww1 was a clear win for them, 
  i subscribed , even though it doesnt exist, 
  geci, 
  it 's the worst when fascists glorify fascists from other countries . 
  i mean i can understand the logic when it comes to fascists of the same nation , but from others ? 
  why are glorifying people who would genocide your nation if they were given the ability ? 
  what the hell, 
  i 'm an european federalist socialist , just sayin , so that exists ( not that it matters , he is just a troll afterall ), 
  being a religious nationalist . 
   it wo n't be in the eu for long . 
  you ca n't know that because as it 's been said - it is n't leaving . 
  there is no evidence that it is leaving so it should act as such, 
  i 'm looking forward to it , but until then the uk is n't in any sort of eu leaving , so it should n't try anything funny about being special with that excuse, 
  how could they possibly have known this would happen, 
  afterall macedonians call themselves that too ... 
  wait , so we ca n't use english differently than others do ? 
  only part of europe is in the anglosphere , and even they are trying to get out of the european community . 
  so i do n't think that is relevant in any way here . 
  do yourself a favor and stop caring, 
  eu \u2764 europe, 
   you 're aware the uk is leaving the eu ? 
  it 's not . 
  until they start with the article 50 thing , it might as well be the same as if nothing happened, 
  because when you have the same market as other places but not freedom of movement it 's called imperialism . 
  you allow the profits but not the people who work to make the profits, 
   actually at the last elections his party got ~ 45 % of votes so not quite a majority ... not to mention that participation rates were 61 % i think , or something like that . 
  in reality some 28 % of the voting population voted for him, 
  they 're honorary europeans, 
  well you cant plan that far ahead . 
  a lot can happen in eight years . 
  think about germany eight years before 1936 ... we 'll be through 2 whole election cycles at that point, 
  yeah i can , and im not too happy about it,
