  and i think that referencing things that happened literally millennia ago in modern contexts is pure craziness, 
  well everyone can tell that magyarorsz\u00e1g is ` magyar ' ( hungarian ) + ` orsz\u00e1g ' ( country ) , but when it comes to the etymology of either of those , most people would probably not know, 
   extremely important ** in the context of the balkan wars ** exactly . 
  people used arguments like that in the balkan wars . 
  now i 'm not saying anything too crazy because shit was fucked up anyway , but too much focus on history definitely helped make things worse . 
  i think the world would be a way better place if people could detach themselves from history and focus on the present more . 
  we do n't live in history , we are making it . 
   it 's also a straw man to say only right wingers and `` populist '' uses history to further their goals i never said that , i said that it helps populists and right wingers , especially the latter . 
  do you really think that what the exact historical borders of macedonia are relevant to today 's society ? 
  or whether macedonians were considered greek or not ? 
  or a bunch of other things that they did , i mean seriously . 
  we learn a bunch of shit about history in school that are completely irrelevant to anyone . 
  and these historical facts are used way too heavily in modern europe as ` legitimate ' arguments , hell , this overexaggeration of the importance of history even spawned hate groups such as you know basically every far right group ever . 
  i 'm not saying history does n't shape the world , it does . 
  but people are using it in so stupid ways , and many people fall for it . 
  overexaggerating the importance of history this much is an awesome tactic for populists and right wingers . 
  recent world events are relevant . 
  what led up to the recent events are too . 
  hell , maybe the ones the led up to those . 
  but at some point the relevance stops completely . 
  and that is roughly somewhere around 1900 for today . 
  anything before that , we could as well stop teaching it to kids , stop commemorating anything about that , because it simply is n't relevant , unless you want to jerk off as a history nerd ( which is fine , i 'm not saying you should n't do it if you like history , but i do n't think politics today should be about that ) . 
  nato countries would n't get embargoed too much i 'm pretty sure . 
  selling it to the electorate is meh , doable, 
  in america there are many people named after countries like `` malaysia '' or `` china '' these are real names like holy shit, 
  no , we should stop caring about history , it does n't matter to anyone 's daily lives . 
  what i see here is a bunch of cunts bullying a country because something happened a million years ago and that 's fucked up . 
  and there 's still a bunch of idiots defending them . 
  `` yes , show them , it totally was that way so it is always gon na be like that '' ... just no . 
  stop living in the past . 
  lol who cares ? 
  do you think for example an average hungarian knows the etymology of `` hungary '' or `` magyarorsz\u00e1g '' for that matter ? 
  or that an italian of italy ? 
  and a bunch of others ... not everyone is linguists, 
   claiming that slavs did that and that , not hellenic ( greeks ) . 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  it was a million years ago, 
  that 's a pretty retarded comparison , and yes in many countries you can change your name to anything so you can be portugal . 
  that 's the right thing to do . 
  it 's not that bad , but it 's just a few kilometers to austria i mean why would you live here when you can just move there ? 
  no common origins . 
  the turkic-origin words in hungarian come from 2 origins , either from chuvash , who had contact with hungarians ages ago ( this is one of those ) , or directly from turkish during the ottoman times . 
  just no . 
  just because a majority of the voters thought he was the least bad candidate does n't mean he represents even most of the country . 
  he received 21m votes , from a country of 79m . 
  and again , the only person responsible here is the leader . 
  this is why he is in office, 
  fair point . 
  i still think it 's misleading and an ancient relic from more uncivilized times . 
  eh , i guess it was erdogan and the soldiers working as a team , but it 's always the leadership that 's responsible . 
  hopefully , yes, 
  i do n't know , and i do n't care . 
  but what i know is that countries , literally objects , do n't commit human rights violations , people do . 
  and the person doing it here is erdogan, 
  it was n't turkey , it was erdogan, 
  that 's pretty nice , 
  totally . 
  we 're saying we would pull out in hungary because it would be cruel to have a child be born here, 
  i do n't know her , though i 'm probably too young to . 
  not sure if the older generation knows about her . 
   yo\u011furmak , `` to knead '' fun fact : this is related to the hungarian word gy\u00far ` to knead ', 
  who does n't ? 
  literally who ? 
  until syria or turkey joins ( / s ), 
  lol who cares, 
  do you think we do n't want to ? 
  kuk times were the literal golden age, 
  yes it has , but we should n't allow anyone to bring in more . 
  anyone entering the eu should renounce their religion . 
  yeah , to be a hungarian you need to know hungarian . 
  it 's like , required . 
  but for to live in hungary you do n't need to be hungarian , so this is hugely misleading, 
  is n't that a us only thing ? 
  maybe it 's because i do n't live in a large city but i barely seen a single person care about any of those, 
  not really . 
  identity is an important part of a human , taking it away solves nothing . 
  what we should stop is wanting to have countries for each identity . 
  at this point it 's proven that it does n't work . 
  no , i think it 's reasonable . 
  eastern europeans i think have a bit better worldview to the whole communist thing . 
  because people interact with different types of people , as such they will be less prone to racism , xenophobia et al, 
   not ~ ~ backward traditions , mistreatment of those who are different ( while preaching to be victims themselves ) , or strict and intollerant versions of a ~ ~ religion . 
  ftfy, 
  there are very few religious people in eastern europe because you know , they used to arrest and harass religious people, 
  thank you for the wise advice , superior westerner . 
  should we suck your dick afterwards too ? 
  it would be great if you could separate that to practicing vs. non-practicing muslims , i mean there 's a world of a difference between the two , or maybe like pro-secular vs. pro-islamic . . 
  faith in humanity restored, 
  that 's the official name , yeah . 
  france is known to put the label `` french '' onto people who do n't want to, 
  \\ ^ ^ you know this is one of those times when a foreigner tries to speak your language , totally fails at that but just the fact that he tried makes it incredibly cute and makes me happy . 
  idk if you experienced it before but it 's a wonderful feeling, 
  im gon na have to live without those sweet internet points . 
  what a sad life, 
  same . 
  i always tell people to just use a spelling they like , the academic rules for writing are only for official documents and shit anyway , in most cases it really doesnt matter how you spell things, 
  you beat me to it by a minute , was about to post the same link, 
  i know, 
  some people in hungary do it too , although the public cares way less , for example its a pretty often discussed thing that `` m\u00e9dia cant be a singular noun because its plural in latin '' like wtf man , why not ? 
  idk belgium works pretty well too , i dont think it would be as painful as there .
