  it 's not like they are planning to stay there for too long anyway, 
   tunisia has a democratically elected secular government not secular . 
  i think tunisia is still islamic officially . 
  but you 're right about the democratic government, 
  the state ? 
  you could still own family businesses , which is a means of trade, 
  what i said was literally that the system before 1989 was like capitalism without competition . 
  which is worse because monopolies are bad . 
  nice argument there . 
  you could , like , present something to contribute to the conversation in here, 
  capitalism is that someone owns your labor and only gives you a part of the value you produce . 
  this was still true under the communist system . 
  the workers still did n't get the value of their labor , it was still forcibly taken by the state . 
  the state just gave them a wage , much like capitalists do under capitalism . 
  so how was the state under the communist system different from a capitalist in today 's system ? 
  but there was private property . 
  you could buy stuff and own it . 
  and in capitalism today there are areas where monopolies exist, 
  im pretty sure i know better if i was sarcastic or not than you do, 
  yup . 
  what happened in here was the exact same as capitalism , except the state had a monopoly on literally everything , and competition was banned, 
  this is important . 
  i need those linguistics papers, 
  it makes no difference whether you talk about the russian orthodox church and * all followers of orthodoxy * ? 
  that 's simply not true, 
  draw lines the way you like and hope it works out in the end ? 
  that 's already happening , and it 's clearly not working, 
   orthodoxy he said russian orthodox church , not orthodoxy in general, 
  so the phrase `` british people '' does n't include all british people ? 
  have to agree with you there, 
  48 % of ` british people ' includes those who ca n't vote . 
  turnout calculations do n't, 
   in hungary are there university sponsored sports teams ? 
  nope, 
   at least we have college football . 
  which makes universities get footballers just for their football skill , generally to the detriment of the whole college community . 
  colleges ( and unis ) are for smart people , i do n't think it 's a good idea to mix them with sportsmen . 
  in western europe people really think they 're the same thing though , it 's just plain stupid imho, 
  it 's different in europe though . 
  in hungary both our major revolutions ( 1848 , 1956 ) were mostly university students with added population support, 
  definitely the mediterrenean , probably italy or spain, 
   owning cars is a necessity for many people . 
  not really, 
  universities , unlike other public places are home to sane political discussion . 
  usually they know better what to do than uneducated people . 
  lol that insult though . 
  not even trying to think of anything that matters, 
   48 % of british people what ? 
  that would be roughly as much as the amount of people who voted at all, 
   its a very important strategic position on for black sea . 
  what 's your point ? 
   also they can build a bridge that was a bridge bridges are n't the same as a land connection , not by a long shot, 
  because there 's a land connection from ukraine and none from russia ? 
  it 's easier to administrate that thing from kiev than from moscow, 
   i dont really know why kru\u0161\u010dev even gave the land to ukraine ... 
  it was way way more efficient that way . 
  i do n't think that takes a genius to understand why, 
   does n't make the people who lost property whole again kek, 
  that does n't really matter , it 's worse that the area was cleansed ethnically, 
  well if they nuke it i doubt they 'd be having breakfast there, 
  actually , he needs a passport to leave schengen, 
  this is n't bureaucracy , this is just idiocy . 
  and idiocy is even less cheap and even less easy, 
  if you look through my profile you would n't see many hungarian comments either . 
  on reddit everyone usually uses english, 
  serbian and croatian have that too, 
  it would be way easier to just give them less holiday , cheaper too . 
  was n't the euro originally planned in such a way that it would screw over germany ? 
  his flair says german federalist, 
  only the red ones though . 
  there 's green bell pepper too, 
  haha in hungary people usually do this with slovakian plates, 
   paprika is the red spice made from dried peppers . 
  damn english people misusing hungarian words ... 
  in hungarian a paprika is the vegetable ( usually yellow or orange colored ) , the spicy version is a * cs\u00edp\u0151s paprika * ( spicy paprika ) and the red spice dough thing is * pirospaprika * ( red pepper ), 
  yeah , as i said , it 's paprika :p, 
  in hungarian that is definitely a paprika . 
  where is this btw ? 
  sounds a lot like america to me, 
  and how do they enforce that, 
  why would you do this to those poor paprikas, 
   who just spent their entire summer researching materials , attending conferences , learning best practices from professional organizations , and unit planning for four levels of class , i think you 're doing it wrong . 
  you are n't supposed to work in your free time ... 
  why would it, 
  tfw the line is too wide to tell if i 'm balkan or not, 
   or the one where you show up to class as the teacher and you have no plan ? 
  \\  implying that teachers do n't just ask what we learned last time and/or tell us to read the next chapter, 
   drink sljivovica that 's fuckin heretical m8 . 
  i did n't say their opinion mattered . 
  i said they * exist * . 
  this is something you ca n't deny . 
  the correct results are the ones including the fact that 30-something percent did n't vote . 
  maybe in western europe . 
  in eastern europe i think everyone has one because its been produced extensively, 
   like wearing shoes indoors . 
  so true . 
  also doing laundry in a shop . . 
   multiplayer it 's called book clubs . 
  it 's actually even more boring than the singleplayer, 
  a mac user ?
