  this is the way it should be interpreted in my opinion . 
  so i think a good solution to the current problem would be if instead of ` republic of macedonia ' , fyrom would be called ` macedonian rebublic ' . 
  following the teaching of him does n't mean that i must blindly follow him into anything . 
  i respect his opinion and accept him as a spiritual leader , but his power is spiritual , not literal, 
  i do n't think it 's relevant how they used to call themselves . 
  slovenians used to call themselves vends for example . 
  irrelevant for today 's perspective, 
  exactly . 
  i 'm one of this type of people too . 
  explain, 
  this is true , but they call themselves macedonians . 
  this comes from the name of the region . 
  if you look at it that way : they want to name the country after themselves , not the region , then they do have the right to do so in my opinion . 
  now i know there 's a lot of shit-talking from macedonians who claim all of the region macedonia and that is ofc completely ridiculous , but i think the it 's not the name that is bad , it 's the rhetoric of macedonia ( the country ) which claims to be the succesor of something that it isnt . 
  how is that an analogy though ? 
  the slavic macedonians have lived there for hundreds of years . 
   macedonia simply can not be accepted why ? 
  a nation which calls itself ` macedonians ' lives there ... 
  is n't that enough justification ? 
  actually , yes , though i dont think that 's a reason to not let them call themselves what they are, 
  probably not many . 
  it 's not like catholic means `` following the orders of the pope no matter what '' . 
  the pope is a spiritual and moral leader, 
  well there 's a lot of catholics in hungary , as far as i know 54 % of the population declares themselves catholic, 
   ~ ~ romanian . ~ ~ hungarian the eternal pessimist . 
  nothing is ever good enough . 
  always finds something to cry or complain about . 
  you 're welcome, 
   switzerland is n't in europe you mean the eu . . 
  no that 's neva i think, 
   the countryside of hungary is quite boring , though i 'm probably biased on this because i am from there , but the zselic for example is quite nice . 
  compared to hungary , that is :p, 
  yeah obviously , despite we never called ourselves anything even remotely similar , and despite that scholars never actually gave a shit about knowing which nomad nation is which, 
   huns well i guess hungarians are free to stay . 
  thank you for your kindness , / u/catenamundi, 
  yeah it 's usually that , at least that 's what it 's supposed to be . 
  a chant for the national football team , but it 's associated with jobbik too because a lot of football fans are far right . 
  a lot of stuff especially old hungarian things are associated with jobbik because they overuse them ridiculously, 
  romania is hardly the balkans though . 
  we got worse people within our borders . 
  you 'll probably see them watching the hungary-romania match this night chanting ` ria ria hung\u00e1ria ' and racist/xenophobic bullshit, 
  it 's not really because of it , they would call us something else but currently calling someone a nazi ( or fascist , maybe communist ) is the most efficient way of excommunicating them, 
  why ? 
   who said hungary is not safe ? 
  the ` refugees ' who say only germany is safe for them, 
  this is pretty sad and reminds me how much i hate nation states . 
  afaik timor leste was fucked by indonesia, 
  i 'm surprised did n't start a `` european islam '' denomination yet which would try to spread european values among the muslims, 
  on the positive side , it could be worse . 
  should be a universal motto of eastern europe . 
  `` could be worse '', 
  everyone knows you 're just the missing part of the eastern european ah empire :3 / s, 
  i wonder how * that * makes austrians feel like, 
  no , there 's europe , which includes only a very small part of georgia but it is culturally and historically tied to europe , so sometimes ( usually ? ), 
  it 's grouped with europe not asia , like turkey ( because anatolia is also very closely related to europe ), 
  i 'm surprised nobody in hungary tried to create anti-us sentiment by pointing out 1956, 
  if this was cmv , i 'd give you a delta . 
  well good luck with that . 
  i 'm fine with zed , writing - ise / - yse instead of - ize / - yze is much more annoying . 
  ofc i 'm hoping for us help too , i 'm just seeing the us not helping an entirely possible scenario, 
  i think they still are afraid from them . 
  i 'm not saying they would n't join , but i would n't be surprised if they did n't . 
   imagine shit-storm back home i think the average american would be ok if their president said `` we 're not helping the euros for a third time '' . 
  i 'm surprised someone did n't try to make propaganda out of that the us did n't do shit in 1956, 
  worst thing is , they actually did remove the ` u ' - s from a few words , like `` errour  error '' , but in some words they just kept it cuz why not, 
  jobbik fanboys are like this all the time, 
  well to be honest if russia goes to war i would not be surprised if the us did n't help against them, 
  ikr , orb\u00e1n is doing something well . 
  i would n't have expected this, 
  and this is why you play with friends, 
  because you are sentenced to live in eastern europe for the rest of your life, 
  jobbik was gon na win the next one anyway , it 's really damn sad, 
  i think he meant either ` conscience ' or ` consensus ', 
   people giving less of a shit about the pope not really , i think most people do care about the pope i agree with you for the most part , the real religious change in europe was the enlightenment , not too much happened on the religious side since then ( except maybe the soviet state atheism ), 
  `` now '' ? 
  trianon , as expected, 
  we complain a lot here in hungary too . 
   it 's the ~ ~ british ~ ~ universal way !, 
  ftfy, 
  it 's like not reading a book because its cover is poorly made . 
  maybe they thought the effort should go to the comment itself rather than its looks, 
  i knew this joke with gypsies instead of polan and eesti, 
   vagina nationum 10/10, 
  northwest middle east . 
  north balkans . . 
  no we 're eastern europe . 
  get over it . 
  could be worse, 
  yeah thats ridiculous . 
  but i still have doubts . 
  do they * officially * claim all that ? 
  it claims all of macedonia ? 
  here 's another example : taiwan ( officially the republic of china ) ca n't call itself republic of china , or even taiwan because of the prc 's claims on the island , it 's referred to as `` chinese taipei '' by everyone thanks to that . 
  youre not rude . 
  also i do n't know . 
  it would probably be ridiculed in the international community for it . 
  is n't that what happens with washington dc and washington state in the us already ? 
  or with nyc and ny state ? 
  or with [ bihar county ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bihar_county ) in hungary/romania and [ bihar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bihar ) in india ? 
  but it would n't have any right to deny the use of that name .
