  to think they were n't atheists , is madness, 
  a better question would be the town of auschwitz in poland, 
  whatever makes you feel good at night . 
  in realityland napoleon was bullied for not being french . 
  and he thought of himself as corsican , and hated his father for submitting to france and being loyal to it . 
  except the whole communist movement , which was pretty damn big, 
  no it 's not , it 's like if you started talking about hitler every time someone mentions poland, 
  owned by france -  some state holds sovereignty over it is french -  the inhabitants are part of a group of people, 
  corsica was a place owned by france . 
  that 's not the same as french, 
  just no, 
  city of 2 million, 
  exactly what i was thinking of , reading that comment, 
   jesus-loving , capitalism-worshipping these two are literally opposites, 
   leftist/socialist/communist topkek, 
  and this is what people mean when they say that europe is full of history, 
  this is what western europeans actually believe, 
   when is a nondemocratic government better ? 
  during war, 
   implying you could find all of those on a map without cheating . 
  i can, 
  pretty much all media is just clickbait at this point . 
  oh you sweet summer child, 
  when did chechnya become slavic ? 
  lol, 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  yes you can do that , but that 's not related to what i 'm saying , since even if you do n't state your nationality , you would still be called by the state 's one by westerners , so you have even less of a chance to be recognized as what you are, 
  sure . 
  i can make one too , it does n't take much skill, 
  `` ethnic x '' is such bullshit . 
  it 's really demeaning towards minorities if you think about it . 
  they simply define them using which ex-empire conquered them back in the day . 
  languages are not standards most of the time . 
  fucking idiots would apparently choose measles over autism , nice fucking job there, 
  it 's europa in latin and in almost every other european language too, 
  it 's not , but it sucks either way, 
  great , now you started a massive offtopic discussion about american politics . 
  did n't even know the eurovision was now ... was it really 1 year since the last one ? 
  oh , that 's actually better . 
  way better , really . 
  there 's still the problem of gerrymandering though . 
  since if the member states decide about their own subdivisions . . 
  not necessarily . 
  european nationalism exists but you can support the eu without being one ( thankfully ) , since the eu is also an internationalist organization, 
  thanks for reminding us why the member states should n't exist  giving more power to smaller and more proportional federal states would be more democratic . 
  are you arguing for a us-style electoral college bullshit ? 
  what the hell, 
  no , if the eu is not a nationstate , then no, 
  the whole nuclear explosion thing is kinda obstructing the view, 
  i do n't really see why you had to mention that, 
  [ you mean this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzlusue9pnc&amp;ab_channel=u%c3%a8b ), 
  same with polish, 
  got ta khm as well, 
  why would barcelona care about gibraltar, 
  ew , seriously , he 's blessing that cunt of all people ? 
  it all makes sense now, 
  and would they magically fly over the gibraltar strait or would they take a small detour and use the bosphorus bridge ? 
   if only we had kept western sahara ... and how would you transport the electricity to the mainland ? 
  the comic does n't imply either that it 's not okay for him to marry over his age , or that it 's ok for women to do it that way ... 
  i think you 're seeing things that are n't there . 
  really hard to recognize the faces, 
   also : sexist cartoon . 
  i do n't see it, 
  i knew you were gon na be here . 
  i just knew, 
  yup , that border rescued lots of polish people during the german occupation, 
   5 letter words with one vowel like * queue *, 
   spisz and orawa , which is the area in question szepes county had less than 3 % poles , while \u00c1rva had 20 % in the `` other '' section , but that was n't exclusively poles either in 1910 , however for 1900 there are no poles according to the data . 
  meanwhile this map shows that \u00c1rva was polish majority ( what the fuck ) , and szepes had 30 % + poles , again what the fuck . 
  next up , orawa or \u00c1rva was never a part of poland , period . 
  certain towns in szepes were load out to poland , however they were never technically part of poland . 
  apparently he 's gon na back off with that one, 
  he can bite my shiny metal ass, 
  not even ultras are this ultra . 
  this would be like a hungarian redditor claiming that vienna is majority hungarian or something, 
  idk , i would expected that at least they do n't claim to be 20 % of the population in places where according to the census , 0 poles lived ( even the ultra biased hungarian census showed 89 % slovaks ), 
  `` cives , floreat europa '', 
  since that would cause the least inconvenience , yeah, 
  in the end who gives a shit , but at the time this was a very typical thing to do , and poland itself did it , sooo ... 
  though after all it does n't matter a bit where the borders are , since wherever they are , the people will rationalize it as `` that 's just how it is '' and will move on, 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  in these times it was extremely common to manipulate national censuses like that, 
  that last map what the fuck . . how on earth would lipt\u00f3 county in hungary have 20-30 % poles ??? 
  you are blind as fuck, 
  no , he 's called tesli mikl\u00f3s, 
  yeah no , polesie had 15 % poles for example . 
   occupation of parts of poland to be fair , those areas were inhabited by almost exclusively belarusians and ukrainians , whom the russians considered russians, 
   cincs\u0327or for the hungarian redditors who struggle to pronounce this : it 's called * kissink * in hungarian . 
  are you kwebbelkop ? 
   americans in general do n't trust their own government and despise the idea to give them money trough taxes as something that is mostly not necessary . 
  this is something i can get behind , but then again the government still is the least bad option as to who you can give your money to - at least they are elected, 
  even the swiss, 
  well there was the native american culture . 
  classic americans though , they viewed and still view them as inferior, 
  yeah , that 's a wonderful idea, 
  t_d is a safe space for ultras , they ban everyone who dares to even slightly disagree with their opinions, 
  well education is n't really just a service since it creates the workforce that works in the other sectors, 
   not much english . 
  so like in france, 
  elective monarchies are a thing , you know,
