  that 's actually pretty fucking cool . 
  i would have loved something like that when i was little, 
  nationalism had about two centuries so far , the most notable events from these centuries were genocide , war , brainwashing , oppression , discrimination , and in general political elites manipulating people with it ( the others are just the symptoms of the last part ) . 
  the only previous thing that had similarly insane effects on society was religion . 
  nobody today thinks religion should play a part in politics ( unless you 're isis ) . 
  well so should n't nationalism, 
  i do n't think you know what * war * is ? 
  a war is between two * enemies * . 
  people of different nations are n't enemies , unless some retarded ideology says so and they start to believe that, 
  nationalists/anti-globalists never miss a chance to bash on everything that is even vaguely internationalist . 
  yet they * somehow * do n't mind if it 's * their * ideology goes international/global . 
  which apparently is a good thing ? 
  even though anything else going global is literally hitler edit : words, 
  the real problem is that people will never actually listen to long , smart arguments . 
  they are way easier to convince with shitty half-sentences that appeal to emotion rather than logic . 
  and this seriously hinders politics ( because good politicians will always be beaten by loud politicians ) , and will do so basically until we make some huge reform to the way things work . 
  the government is, 
   that 's a genuinely good nation with genuinely good people with a moral above yours . 
  because the actions of a government totally tell a picture of the people . 
   genocide on an industrial level is really a small issue after all . 
  actually , it 's really not an issue on an international level . 
  the international level is just people fighting for more power , they probably could n't care less about common people dying ( case in point : stalin ) . 
  it was mainly important for propaganda reasons , for both sides actually . 
  for the nazis they assured the population that the ` jew problem ' is being taken care of , for the allies it was good to fuel the perception that the germans are literally the greatest evil in the world ( in here the generalization is the most important part , so that actions against germany can be seen as actions against the evil people , and the public liked that ), 
  heh , tell me about it, 
   it is missing a few historical regions yeah it is missing prussia :p, 
  in english `` me '' can also be nominative , often when it 's after a verb , like in the phrase `` this is me irl '', 
  probably a ship, 
  maybe you did , you just did n't know, 
  not surprising , seeing as you 're czech, 
   animu is a misspelling too . 
  [ animu is not a misspelling ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=animu ) , `` animu & mango '' is a pretty common joking expression for `` anime & manga '', 
  i think this attitude is fairly common in the entire east, 
  and the british isles too, 
  eh , it 's probably still edible with enough paprika, 
  wait , what ? 
  so jesus is allowed to do polygamy like that , wtf, 
   hungarian is like this too ~ ~ :( ~ ~  ftfy, 
  not really, 
  same with hungarian and the word ` birtokol ' . 
  most of the time the word order is `` van egy x-em '' , so `` there is an x-my '', 
  i do n't have a vr set , and i 'm not planning to , i 'm personally fine with just the 2d desktop experience, 
  i never had the patience to download and install that thing , is it worth it ? 
  even though it 's not a vr game afaik, 
  there is no `` shift '' . 
  the meaning of any word is what people understand it as . 
  for europe , that perfectly matches the definition i presented , therefore it is the meaning of the word europe . 
  period . 
  nothing is inherently more valid than anything else , but the one i mentioned is the one that everyone is being taught and pretty much everyone knows as europe . 
  if you do n't like it , you can define it in a different way , or you can insist that there are other definitions , but no one cares enough to go with your version . 
  this is not about value , nothing has any sort of inherent value whatsoever . 
  this is about communicating with your fellow humans, 
  all the others are outdated af, 
  nah , i 'm sure you can get a tsundere to do it too eventually, 
  well duh , obviously . 
  i mean how do you convince her to clean the house , like on the pic, 
  it is , but you ca n't avoid it with a vr, 
  no , i mean how does he convince the waifu to clean the house , like she does on the pic, 
  how do you get your waifu to clean ? 
  did n't sweden also arrest some guy for loli stuff ? 
  this is the pinnacle of the gaming industry, 
  i do n't think 2d vr would be that enjoyable tho, 
  that part of norway that is n't europe though . . poor guys, 
  that is why a part of norway is not in europe , i assume, 
  there is no way in hell that bots speak non-english languages, 
  ohhh i did n't even realize you meant to write occupation . . autocorrect pls, 
  yeah . 
  especially from budapest , since that would never be annexed into romania . 
  i can completely understand why that happened , romania was poor as hell and needed the wealth that was there . 
  meanwhile our strategy was to not fight back whatsoever , hoping that the entente will stop bullying us . 
  i mean literally , after the revolution , the leader guy said `` i dont want to see a single soldier anymore '' , which is not a smart move when the country is being invaded by 3 countries at the same time, 
  obviously, 
   the ovulation of budapest in 1919 just call it what it was , a sacking . 
  what is an ovulation even , for a city, 
  the people in it mostly are n't though, 
  this . 
  but the continent europe still is defined the way it is defined , so no matter how europen izmir is in culture , they 're not in europe, 
  there 's a write tool in paint, 
  would be nice , but he clearly did n't, 
  yes there is lol , do you not learn this in elementary school ? 
  black sea - caucasus - caspian - ural river - ural mountains - northern ocean . 
  ok fair enough, 
  what about her eyebrows ? 
  they were pretty normal , last time i checked, 
  maybe it was a dialect ? 
  why is sasha grey a meme though, 
  proto-finno-ugric is definitely in europe, 
  the finno-ugric homeland is also in europe, 
  definitely not . 
  maybe the populations , but that would be harder to pull off, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's enough to know the characteristics of grandparents or maybe one or two generations above that , which i do, 
  jesus christ , dna testing ? 
  what is this , america ? 
   i prefer `` colour '' to `` color '' as it makes sense in phonetic terms , is that a scottish accent thing ? 
  i pronounce the end of * error * and * color * the same , so i prefer writing them the same way , too  i just do n't use it as a reason to lecture others as if they were talking to a simpleton . 
  yeah , arguing about such trivialities is prety stupid . 
  the point of language is to make people understand each other , obviously you can easily understand any spelling variant , especially when the variation is this minor, 
  i did n't mean to suggest so , i replied to his statement that it 's `` noah webster 's spelling bullshit '' . 
  except you know , the us spelling is the less stupid one , easily . 
  brits also reformed their spelling in that regard , using `` error '' instead of `` errour '' , `` terror '' instead if `` terrour '' etc. . . it 's just that the us spelling actually made the reform consistent and not only apply to a handful or randomly-picked words,
