  the eu is totally the same as an ethnic supremacist , jingoistic totalitarian dictatorship ruled by a psychopath amirite guise ? 
  the borders are just decorations , there is no kosovo and no serbia , just glorious yurop, 
  no , he was 3 days late for that day, 
  \\* masturbates in multiple languages \\*, 
  also a war criminal and not coincidentally a good friend of stalin . 
  it 's seriously fucked up that russia * still * did n't get rid of that name, 
  women do that too . 
  many stories about muslim women demanding special treatment . 
  i still remember the one where they refused to shake hands ( in switzerland i think ) . 
  plus , i believe most places have it in the constitution to not allow discrimination based on sex . 
  sounds like the similar bullshit about soviets being the angel-like liberators . 
  except you know , that was taught when the country was a totalitarian dictatorship, 
  you dropped this : / s, 
  national identites who historically killed each other a lot , what does that remind me of ? 
  oh right , the uk, 
  thats east prussia though , much more than just the city, 
  yes you do . 
  if theyre loyal to the eu , which they will be because money . 
  it would invalidate the muh minority argument, 
  the entire eastern thrace is hardly a `` city state '', 
   romania , croatia , serbia these were the countries that were expansionist at the expense of hungary . 
  you know , the guys who later conquered most of the country . 
  hungary never was expansionist towards any of these . 
  the occupation and annexation of bosnia was a. , done by the monarchy , not hungary ( not the same at all ) and b. , against the ottoman empire, 
  you are like the brexiters , jesus christ ... `` i want all the benefits but none of the responsibilities '', 
  incidentally , both the slovak and romanian conquests have about the same percentage of slovaks/romanians than the whole hungary has hungarians . 
  ( 57,9 % and 54 % respectively , compared to the 54 % hungarians in hungary proper ), 
  hungary had no expansionist policies , wtf are you even on, 
  americans are an anglo people regardless , so why distinguish them from the english , right ? 
  so , what is the whole `` with/without v sound '' thing, 
   of tatar-turkish origin so ... tatar or turkish then ? 
  probably just some troll/idiot thinking that russia is still the soviet union, 
  totally unrelated question : how do i move there, 
  are we not allowed to laugh at the shittiness of a country because it 's populated by people of a different skin color ? 
  interesting . 
  in hungarian [ this ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?hl=hu-ro&amp;tbm=isch&amp;q=keny%c3%a9r&amp;oq=&amp;gs_l=#hl=hu-ro&amp;tbm=isch&amp;q=kifli ) is a `` kifli '' , probably the same word, 
  zs\u00f6mle, 
  yeah . 
  and its not like both sides didnt consider themselves americans , did they ? 
  still a huge distance . 
  yeah alright , my point is , it being the official thing means close to nothing in terms of actual use, 
  the land was given to hungarians by the pope if you want to go that far , and that was recognized for a millenium by the whole christian world . 
  if that doesnt make it hungarian , i dont know what does . 
  yeah , but even if they did n't even consider themselves germans , germany would n't collapse and go to shit . 
  that is my point . 
  that for a state to function , you do n't need to care about peoples ' identities . 
  if they do n't go full separatism and try to tear it apart actively , that 's when you have a problem . 
  the point would be to discourage people from making their own national identity a political issue, 
  that 's a pro-hungary one . 
  i think the non-hungarian sides can do well jokes too , but the `` hurr durr muh hungarian empire 100 % oppression and 0 % hungarians vs. righteous < whatever  ian nationstate with < 0 % hungarians and even less oppression , happy end '' is just stupid af . 
  especially when they 're doing it unironically, 
  the problem with that was that it was in the middle of nowhere , not near the industrial core of russia ( which was st. petersburg and moscow , lets be honest ), 
  well , yeah , at that time there was national pride . 
  but at the time it was also the sound decision . 
   only a few really retarded far righter hungarians call them romanians in any sense . 
  no , not even they . 
  because at the time , irredentism was taken to the extreme levels , * and * they were supported by france as well , so they basically the took everything where they could find something remotely slovak . 
  yeah i mean , there are parts of slovakia that never were part of the kingdom of hungary , up in the tatras near poland , but the rest was, 
  croats had their autonomy btw , so that 's a non-issue . 
  the slovaks did deserve minority rights however , you are right . 
  but having the right to self-determination and national autonomy is n't the same as having land just for themselves ( especially in a manner like czechoslovakia did , taking a city of 40 % german , 40 % hungarian 20 % , making it a capital , rename and claim it was theirs all along . 
  like wtf ), 
   right to self-determination is a thing . 
  oh come off it . 
  hungarians were perfectly fine with not having self determination for the half century before this . 
  why do other nations have to be so extremistic about it ? 
  croatia was actually legally released as well i think , with the proclamation of the triune monarchy . 
  at that point though they were in full `` muh yugoslavia '' mode though , so it 's not like it mattered, 
  yay !, 
   the kingdom of hungary ... with 48 % hungarians the kingdom of hungary is n't that , what you 're looking at is the lands of the holy crown . 
  croatia-slavonia is a different kingdom, 
  the jews are the one that started the communism thing while the french hands were working, 
  * goes full jobbik, 
  what about you take us back into the glorious empire and help us catch up economically  just like the good old days, 
  hungary industrialized well in the days of the dual monarchy ( using up all the monarchys resources haha ) , so i would argue that it couldve become a regional power easily . 
  with a france-style oppression the minorities could 've been eliminated ( as it was tried anyway with moderate success ) . 
   central europe had basically no oil galicia was chock full of oil, 
   b\u00e1lv\u00e1nyos you are not thinking that other hungarians ** are n't ** laughing their asses off at them as well , are you ? 
  i mean seriously , what loser goes to cultural events unironically , what are they 80 yrs old or something ? 
  this `` empire '' thing is just the shittest bait of all time . 
  hungary fought a war and forced the habsburg to compromise so it 's never part of an empire , and they pull this shit . 
  i mean come on guys , there 's good ways you can make trianon jokes , this is n't one . 
  you are just making yourself look an idiot, 
  oh , so that 's what it is . 
  i usually just called them `` az a csokis p\u00e9ks\u00fcti tudod '' ( that bakery product with chocolate in it , you know ), 
  sorry but it being official does n't make anything happen . 
  it 's like british people using metric units, 
  people do plenty of shit that makes no sense , the great thing would be if these things would n't be considered legitimate reasons for having different states . 
  exactly, 
  what ? 
  if i were romanian-american , i still would n't question hungary being a state , just because i were n't hungarian , much like i would n't question the eu being a state just because i 'm hungarian ? 
  i do n't want to lose my identity , i 'm hungarian , but that is absolutely disconnected from which state 's borders i was born within, 
  unfortunately no . 
  hope it becomes one asap tho, 
  where does individual identity come in here ? 
  is n't the whole point to recognize the eu as the sovereign state and not the member states ( which i do/would love to do personally ) , but why do you want me to change my identity ? 
  that 's a very generic sign tbh . 
  very common to see, 
  thing is though that not many places have stereotypes anymore . 
  i could either make it one for what i assume would be stereotypes from back when it was a thing , or i could just expand the modern stereotypes one to include the rest .
