   cosmopolitanism civic nationalism . 
  the ugly incest child of nationalism and fake tolerance, 
   active campaigns against nationalist movements in europe wishing so hard this was true  by promoting national identity seriously did you ever in your life who this would benefit ? 
  it would benefit politicians , nobody else  their ancestors fought and died for my ancestors sure as fuck did n't . 
  my ancestors were peasants and artisans , who worked instead of fighting and no matter what you say , contributed more to society than those who fought, 
  move to somewhere you like better, 
   national interests . 
  there is n't such a thing . 
  there 's millions of personal interests and one state interest . 
   `` national tragedy . '' fucking politician , trying to pull political gain even from this shit . 
  yes it is, 
   northern shores of lake balaton . 
  * southern shores, 
  but kiev is still almost universally used from what i 've seen . 
   old russian names to describe formerly soviet cities , etc. 
  suggests that you would like those cities to be returned to their former owners . 
  that 's why people use kiev ( russian ) instead of kyiv ( ukrainian ) for example ? 
  or [ kharkov ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/dec/02/internationaleducationnews.ukraine ) ( russian ) and [ kharkiv ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2015/apr/20/kharkiv-derzhprom-building-europe-first-skyscraper-history-cities-50-buildings ) ( ukrainian ) both ? 
  admit it , it really does n't matter , nobody will think you 're for either side because you will have to use one of the names . 
  and you have to pick one every time, 
  but these arent irredentist names , just the native names of cities . 
  nobody calls you irredentist when you use the native english name of for example the hague . 
  its just how everyone used it for centuries and this is what comes to mind first , and not gravenhagen . 
  and this happens for people who arent native speakers of english , without any irredentist connotation , when they use the name they do know instead of the foreign language name they dont know . 
  for example most hungarians have absolutely no idea what towns in transylvania are called in romanian , so for the sake of simplicity they might use the hungarian ones they would in hungarian . 
  you would probably also do this yourself as well in another language . 
  government insistance does not determine whats correct and whats not . 
  of course it makes it favorable in diplomacy and officially but that does not extend to common usage and definitely not to what is correct and what isnt . 
  heres another example : im pretty sure many people insist that its netherlands and not holland , that doesnt stop anyone from calling it that . . 
  i can immediately give you a counterexample : you call k\u00f6ln cologne , even though it was basically only that during napoleons reign . 
  no , because those are not used . 
  in hungary we use k\u00f6nigsberg and kaliningrad interchangeably, 
  i 'm only interested in contemporary usage . 
  do they use k\u00f6nigsberg or kaliningrad usually ? 
  what about english speakers , do they use k\u00f6nigserg or kaliningrad ? 
  no , it 's like calling germany germany instead of deutchland , of which the english equivalent would be dutchland . 
  etymology does n't make anything incorrect or correct , usage does . 
  and do people use k\u00f6nigsberg for that town ? 
  yes they do , therefore it 's correct . 
  even he had some good ideas like animal abuse laws for example, 
  i 'm not sure if they used that , but k\u00f6nigsberg is a well and alive name . 
  people use it interchangeably to this day , this is why it is correct . 
  good point, 
  it is , but it has like zero traffic, 
  why would it be incorrect ? 
  because in official russian documents they use it differently ? 
  this is / r/badlinguistics material, 
  sure , but i mean a more serious one, 
  it would be actually a life sentence in eastern europe as well . 
  exactly . 
  most cities have more than one name ( those that do n't are lame as hell ) , and i think it 's important to keep all of them alive as tradition . 
  this type of tradition does n't hurt anybody and it 's literally the multiculturalism everyone in western europe is whining about all the time . 
  i think this is the multiculturalism we should be aiming for : reviving the diversity of europe 's native people , not importing it, 
  actually , i do ( where hungarian names are n't available ) because polish names are impossible to pronounce, 
  we should totally make a sub, 
   bombings , riots , even maybe guerrilla attacks will occur . 
  not really . 
  from what i imagine people already hate the state and will do so forever . 
  whether that state is called `` republic of hungary '' or `` european union '' does n't matter . 
  but sane people wo n't do attacks against either , the biggest thing that might happen is big ass protests, 
   it is not really right to call kaliningrad by its old name of koenigsberg . 
  are you a kgb agent or something ? 
  you call it however you want , i use both interchangeably, 
  shit with a ton of sugar is gon na be cheaper , so the poor ass people wont really have a choice on that . 
  overnationalized is a better word there . 
  and what better example of overnationalization do you have than the country where `` nation '' is a synonym of `` country '', 
  i do agree with that, 
  why would i ? 
  some idiot wrote an article according to which my `` national flower '' is the tulip . 
  that is clearly not true , and i 'm pretty sure most of the others are also not, 
  agreed . 
  some people really do n't have anything better to do then associate literally anything ever with some nation . 
  and the worst thing is , this shit is upvoted, 
  because we do n't , just a few random people made things up for no reason . 
  what 's gon na happen is that companies are gon na sell america-style overly sugary shit . 
  especially on sugar we should have very strict regulations , because sugar isnt a joke, 
  you realize that the ira didnt kill for christianity . 
  unlike daesh which kills for the sake of religion . 
  to get the best spots ? 
  argentina, 
  and i was here thinking for a whole minute about which galicia this is ... \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
   the youth is i stopped reading there . 
  only 60 + years old fucks say something like this . 
  well til . 
  i always heard she was a jew , though her religion being catholic does n't make her not a jew according to nazis, 
  and you know , hitlers wife was jewish, 
  he almost always talks from an eu perspective . 
  migrants from the eu are not migrants , they just move around freely within the eu as intended, 
  he almost always talks from an eu perspective . 
  migrants from the eu are not migrants , they just move around freely within the eu as intended, 
  he almost always talks from an eu perspective . 
  migrants from the eu are not migrants , they just move around freely within the eu as intended, 
  orb\u00e1n is a poison and not needed, 
  how do we know that ? 
  i never heard of any political movement there to join russia . 
  i heard of a crimean independence movement , but nothing about joining russia, 
  well i personally think that tatarstan should have as much autonomy as possible . 
  i do n't think it makes too much sense for it to secede - it would still be largely controlled by russia anyway , so they could aim for just more autonomy instead ( from what i know the russian republics are only in name autonomous , though i admit i never really researched on that very thoroughly ), 
  no , i 'm saying that tatarstan seceding would n't be a tragedy and that it would n't leave russia as a dysfunctional state . 
   a nuclear power invading another nuclear power yeah that seems like a great idea,
