  the referendum was about as transparent as crimeas one, 
  the ah monarchy had no affiliation with the hungarian republic from which you took all that clay , so thats an irrelevant point, 
  everyone speaks english , i mean we can kinda start assuming that, 
  you do exactly the same . 
  you just send companies instead of working people . 
  it 's a million times more disgusting , especially considering that you make locals work for minimum wage ( minimum wage here means that you can barely eat and pay bills ) - and you get the money back home . 
  stop playing victim , you clearly are n't . 
   that can lose a war and gain clay is bulgaria . 
  what about romania in ww1 ? 
  okay lets not start discussing that, 
  we made a market of some 80 million available for your stupid companies to take for free , no wonder your economy is so ` prosperous ' . 
  just fuck off . 
  `` multinationals '' , more like `` hoard poor peoples money to western europe '' . 
  i guess the drafts still had to know some german or hungarian though , at least the basic stuff, 
  hungary was at a time trying to be neutral like austria and switzerland , unfortunately russia put an end to that , but the spirit seems to live on, 
  slovakia switched sides and got their second largest city from stalin as a present , and so did romania with its 3rd largest ( today ) . . bruh, 
  there were hungarian parts of the army too, 
  there were only german-speaking and hungarian-speaking divisions and battalions though , if i remember correctly, 
  i 'm so glad to see a reasonable voice among all the rabid nationalists, 
  who cares ? 
  nobody lives from that generation anymore , and nobody lives from that russian generation either . 
  so why do you care ? 
  edit : i meant nobody relevant lives anymore, 
  eh , you could switch sides and not be considered fascist by stalin , like slovakia, 
  i do n't think a respectful burial involves taking out the heart and burning it before burial, 
  bury them and give them the respect they deserve ? 
  can you please come here and take orb\u00e1ns gang too ? 
  same here from hungary, 
  bruh, 
   ( they became tired of prohibiting it every single year and made a prohibition for a 100 years in 2012 ) . 
  this is so stereotypically russia, 
   `` their hearts should be burnt or buried in the ground as unsuitable for the continuation of life '' surely it 's the gays who are the fascists amirite ? 
  yeah , asking others to mind their own business is imposing views , like , really ? 
  is this really necessary ? 
  let them celebrate in peace for one day . . 
  i thought it was a teacher thing ... weird, 
   it wo n't work and will result in civil war . 
  oh wow , good thing we can make homogenous states that never have civil wars - oh wait, 
   i hope the woman gets her justice . 
  i would n't bet on it, 
  lol are you serious ? 
  the eu is literally better than hungary 's government , nobody 's retarded enough to even consider that hungary should leave . 
  we would become a dictatorship in a second , then i 'd have to leave illegally instead of legally . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd rather have the hungarian government abolished than leave the eu . 
  i also do n't think that many jobs in the uk are destroyed by hungarian companies ... why do only your problems matter ? 
  and germany as well . 
  this is why they need to unite in order to be relevant again, 
  well nor do hungarian companies annihilate jobs in the uk either . 
  probably if that was the case , you would emigrate too ... 
  yeah but you see , the uk is important and germany isnt , according to these guys, 
  well this is a pretentiously self-centered way of saying this . 
  we also cant control how many people come in from the uk , nor can we control the amount of disgusting shit like tesco comes out . 
  you never hear us complain about that , never hear us complain about those frankly disgusting profits you reap off us . 
  it goes hand in hand with political awareness though, 
  no its because older people live in the past . 
  probably less than native brits , actually, 
  not really . 
  people are fine with this over here , but they do need jobs , and they get jobs elsewhere in the eu, 
   stephen 's greater legend narrates that he was baptized by the saintly bishop adalbert of prague , [ 15 ] who stayed in g\u00e9za 's court several times between 983 and 994 . 
  [ 16 ] [ 17 ] however , saint adalbert 's nearly contemporaneous legend , written by bruno of querfurt , does not mention this event . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] accordingly , the date of stephen 's baptism is unknown : gy\u00f6rffy argues that he was baptized soon after birth , [ 15 ] while krist\u00f3 proposes that he only received baptism just before his father 's death in 997 . 
  [ 11 ] translation :  his father g\u00e9za and his family including his brother mih\u00e1ly , was baptized , as they wished to be baptized , by bishop bruno , sent to hungary by otto i in 972 . 
  g\u00e9za got the name ` istv\u00e1n ' when baptized . 
  it is debated whether his son vajk was born yet at this point . 
  this theory has two main weak points : 1 . certain sources say vajk was born in 975 , and that if he converted to christianity this early , he would n't have been known as vajk in the west for this long . 
   according to the diary of the bishop of prague , adalbert , he educated istv\u00e1n / vajk in a christian way , and he was the one to baptize him sometime between 994 and 996 . 
  [ . . ] what makes adalbert an unlikely candidate is that he was the bishop of prague since 983 , and lived there too , then between 989 and 994 in rome . 
  in 994 he went back to prague and after a short period in hungary , he went back to rome in 995 . 
  as such it is n't possible to know who baptized him , but neither bruno nor adalbert seem likely . 
  according to the k\u00e9pes kr\u00f3nika , some guy deodatus from italy was the godfather of istv\u00e1n / vajk , who the king called `` tata '' . 
  ( according to the legend this is the origin of the name of the town tata ) so basically : fuck knows who did it and there 's no real reason to credit adalbert for doing it . 
  it was g\u00e9za who initiated the whole `` convert to christianity '' thing anyway , so it 's not like the guy who personally baptized him did some sort of huge accomplishment . 
  according to the hungarian wiki he was baptised by some bishop named bruno from sankt gallen, 
  hungary is sort of connected to austria ( the further east you go , the less but still ), 
   ( and hungary too actually ) nah , looked it up and never heard of him , sorry, 
  it is time to manifest destiny . 
  go west guys, 
  the circlejerk still seems to be more viable than the west at this moment, 
  lol yes it did , along with germany btw . 
  but what if every stopped giving a fuck about it ? 
  it does n't matter, 
  i would rather have pollution than be assaulted at night in the dark , thank you, 
  yeah , i think most people do n't want to declare themselves atheist because theres no reason . 
  tbh i can only agree with this stance, 
  at the same time british companies like tesco need the eastern european market and that makes people unemployed . 
  neither side really wins or loses if we sum up everything, 
  muh national sovereignty, 
  weird because it never happened to me before , unless there were problems with the internet ... 
  wait , with your first paragraph you 're trying to say that you need nationalism because living under a different nation 's nationalism sucks ? 
  because that 's pretty much everything nationalism stands for : to oppress every other nation . 
   in a pan-national state neither of those were pan-national states . 
  those were fascist states , which is basically putting nationalism on the next level . 
  this is the only face of nationalism i see . 
  i have never once seen nationalism that was positive , that was progressive or liberal in thinking , never one that respected people without unnecessarily labeling them  speaking or thinking in your native language used to be or still is a political act in some areas in some areas , respecting women is a political statement ( thinking of saudi arabia here ) . 
  it should not be and never would unless ... unless you have prejudices with those who do that . 
  and who have prejudices against peaceful people who speak their language - nationalists do . 
   there is no such thing as an apolitical human being . 
  yes there is . 
  i know many .
