   in a land where they were a majority this might come as a surprise , but at the time there was no such thing as nationality . 
  there could n't be a national majority because there was no nationality . 
  you could still be considered hungarian if you spoke a different language as your native language btw . 
   however , we can learn from the past . 
  no we ca n't . 
  the past of humanity is just genocide and slavery . 
  we should stop caring about it , because it 's fucking irrelevant . 
  relevant history started in 1989  they showed no signs of doing so whatsoever in history what about 2016 ? 
  what about 1993 , when the current minority laws were enacted ? 
  your entire comment shows that you have absolutely no understanding of history or what hungary is like today , yet you shit on hungary for both , and you know , you are perfectly right about the first part . 
  the world * was * an unlivable place for fucking everyone at the time , and especially for minorities in hungary . 
  but let me ask you : how do you genuinely think that hungary is like that in 2016 ? 
  i 'm baffled by the ignorance, 
  if so why not, 
   ( like that unio-trium-nationum bullshit ) . 
  ... which is better than ceausescu and antonescu in what way ? 
  fuck off , history is history , nobody cares , and nobody should care on either side . 
   would hungary give that many rights if they had a large minority inside ? 
  yes , it was the very goal of the current minority laws to create a system that we already should 've done a century ago  romanians ever were in hungary that 's fucking bullshit , please look at the current treatment of romanians , in 2016 , before making such ridiculous claims . 
  you seem incredibly hungarophobic on this issue  stop electing nationalists and being so irredentist please !, 
  i 'm doing neither of these , nor do the majority of people . 
  i lived here all my life , please believe me , only jobbik supporters actually care, 
  catalan has like 4 million speakers , it 's definitely not beyond any line of obscurity , neither is basque with 600k . 
  i 'm not saying that what you said is not true . 
  and if there were large enough minorities in hungary they would have too ( according to modern hungarian law i 'm pretty sure you would be able to live a whole life without knowing a word of hungarian ) and yes , the rise of jobbik is incredibly sad, 
  spanish does n't , italian does have the easy pronunciation, 
  this rule is already bullshit . 
  catalan and basque should already be official languages of the eu for example, 
  tbh i 'd love that . 
  confoederatio europeana, 
  yup , grandma has a fuckton of these, 
  because nationalism, 
  personally i would go with nuts 3 ( division into 1324 regions ) but it would need to be heavily modified . 
  for example larger cities would still need to be a single entity , some sort of `` free city '' , and it would probably make sense in some cases to ignore current borders for the ease of administration . 
  well , if you insist . 
  [ csipke ] ( https://www.google.hu/search?q=csipke&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=755&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi51mokxsjnahvhmhokhxeaaxiq_auibigb ) is this lacy thing , csipkeszeg refers to the different patterns of it and the way they 're made ( i think , honestly i am not sure ) . 
  the cringy part is that this is supposed to represent hungarian culture , because that is uniquely hungarian ? 
  because they used to do that in the 19th century ? 
  not sure , but apparently that represents hungarian culture well enough to name an organization after it . 
  wtf far right, 
  absolutely , wholeheartedly agree . 
  i want my government of somogy , or just kaposv\u00e1r region and brussels above that , not this bullshit budapest . 
  literally the only thing budapest does is suck away all the resources from here . 
  and when you did have one , you butchered the others . 
  do n't you see how this is a stupid concept as a whole ? 
   csipkeszeg foundation that 's the most retarded thing i 've seen . 
  if you do n't understand what it means , i envy you, 
  also one of the most symbolic one for hungarians , and also ethnically hungarian majority until ceausescu came around . 
  ( just saying ), 
  that 's easy to pronounce, 
  carpathia is the area enclosed by the carpathians , roughly the area of historical hungary, 
  i meant that usually native english speakers genuinely think that you can just translate things with google and get decent results . 
  in many cases you ca n't even make out what they meant to translate . 
  i suppose the situation is better with more common languages like french or spanish or german, 
  i 'd laugh if warsaw became the financial capital just to mock the polish-hating brits . 
  inb4 new financial capital is bialystok, 
  and this is why we need to get rid of the national governments, 
   carpathian countries idiot journalist tho . 
  the only carpathian countries are hungary slovakia , part of romania and a minimal part of ukraine, 
   but what about slovakia just look closely :  czech and ** hungarian ** partners there they are :p, 
  what did you expect , they are british afterall, 
  i thought they ignored voter turnouts , i mean they did say that a majority voted for brexit, 
  because nationalism, 
  it 's dat boi !, 
  in that case the regions that voted leave leave and the remainers remain . 
  have fun on your own , rural england and wales, 
  and mainly the old , mind you . 
  the old people fuck young peoples lives again . 
  history seems to repeat itself over and over and over, 
  why is there his nationality instead of his name in the title wtf, 
  still , i personally never saw a single one . 
  can you enlighten me with an example ? 
  no , they just left . 
  nobody misses them and theyre free to crash their economy, 
  you literally didnt say a single one, 
  i fuck it up every time, 
  its the symbol of the european council too, 
  because you want it, 
  orb\u00e1n isnt because hes a power hungry prick . 
  i think hungarians as a whole wouldnt really mind, 
  i do it like that because thats how hungarian ly is pronounced, 
  i usually go with jubjana, 
  no youre not . 
  islam is, 
  they already founded that place , it 's called isis, 
   we were just waiting for a good opportunity to attack again , which we did , just before the end of the war in other words , you backstabbed those who did n't want to hurt you anymore at all . 
  your prime minister signed a treaty then said it was invalid in the first place . 
  ( by the way this is what happened to both vienna awards as well . ), 
  must be nice being on the winning side of history and as such having written history  it also helped you a little since we ousted bela kun fair point , but kun b\u00e9la was n't even there when the war started , so it 's a stupid argument to legitimize the war . 
  according to the hungarian wiki it 's central american , according to the english one it 's `` middle american '' , but not `` central american '' , so i 'm just gon na continue calling it central american because it 's absolutely counterintuitive to me . 
  the first time i saw a world map , i saw the two countries in north america , and that 's gon na stay as such to me, 
  no they would n't have voted for hungary as a whole , but there is a * very clear * reason why there were n't sopron-style referendums in certain cities , particularly oradea and satu mare . 
  satu mare did n't even have a name in romanian for god 's sake . 
  there were huge areas that never would 've joined romania voluntarily  that 's 65 % of the population right there . 
  wonder what percentage that was for northern transylvania ...  do you have any example of a transparent referendum around ww1 ? 
  i think the sopron one was pretty transparent , atleast compared to the romanian one , definitely, 
  im not trying to say that all that stupid shit didnt happen to the non-hungarians or anything . 
  what im trying to say is that it was a sort of dick move to declare war on hungary because the truce with the monarchy doesnt apply , then make a punitive peace treaty , punishing the republic/communist thing for the actions of the monarchy . 
  it was just not legit and really just a power trip from france anyway this ofcourse was the mentality at the time , that `` a nation acts as a single unified entity , so actions of the ruling class only need the punishment of the whole nation '' . 
  i thank god that this mentality is mostly gone now,
