  nope , my fault . 
  somehow i saw another ` not ' there for some reason . 
  apologies, 
  same, 
   if they dont care , why do they give it a different name ? 
  they do n't give sexuality any names , i do n't know how we got there , i corrected the part about sexuality , not sure how this came here again but whatever . 
  they really do n't care about your sexuality . 
  marriage is not about that , as you said it 's an old religious relic that 's mainly symbolic and people care for some reason . 
  nothing , obviously . 
  you said  what is symbolic and what is not is subjective that is the exact opposite of what i said . 
  mistype maybe ? 
  gay marriage is a sign that the government legally allows you to marry ( aka . 
  claim benefits and other shit ) regardless of the spouse 's gender . 
  there 's not much about sexuality in there . 
  the government already does n't give a crap about your sexuality unless it involves kids under 14 or dead bodies, 
  sure , i glossed over that part, 
  you can make it the same legally just call it by different names for the two cases , which basically negates everything you just said . 
  no , it 's absolutely subjective , which is what you just demonstrated . 
  for you it is , to me it 's not . 
  how would you open the door to any discrimination with that ? 
  then brussels can write rules to punish the local authorities for doing this, 
  no it 's not . 
  you realize marriage itself is n't symbolic , right ? 
  it 's just a cheap and easy way to get state benefits , nothing more . 
  now that they can also claim those on the same grounds , that 's basically the acceptance part done, 
  then it 's not . 
  the point is , the name does n't matter . 
  but there was no stealing . 
  exploiting rules is n't breaking the rules . 
  if brussels did n't intend that use , they can change them . 
  why are the people who are abiding by the rules somehow bad because of this ? 
  you could travel to yugo , so for us that meant eastern block . 
  i 'm pretty sure you ask most people they will say the yugos were in the eastern block . 
  although after a while you could go to the west as well soo, 
  exactly . 
  yugoslavia was the eastern block . 
  it is . 
  the name means nothing, 
  people who might have benefited from the correct usage can also benefit from fraudulent usage themselves . 
  there 's nothing blocking them from benefiting . 
  this is exactly the thinking that makes the state adapt and make it not stupid . 
  unless you want a retarded state , you should try to exploit it . 
  also because if you do n't , someone else will and then you will be in an even worse situation, 
   except for the people that abuse the system . 
  you 're acting like that 's just a single example . 
  if someone can abuse it , then loads upon loads of people will also abuse it the same way , so in the end no one loses anything . 
  so brussels does n't even check what they send the money for ? 
  i do n't exactly believe that . 
  they send officials to check if the project was done for example , so they definitely do something to check what is going on with their money, 
  it 's a tragedy only for the bureaucracy . 
  yeah , it 's mostly the mentality from communism remaining . 
  needless to say , eastern authorities are less likely to fall for that type of stuff , as they 're more used to it . 
  why should you not abuse a system when you can ? 
  an apartment in the city is cheaper than a massive fucking house in the suburbs . 
  ( because there are no small houses or apartment blocks in the suburbs ) and you wo n't even need a car . 
  holy shit we should do something about suburbanization, 
  well the eu flair was a dead giveaway, 
  that is probably back-formation from the word for police . . 
  no , look at the very definition . 
  `` politia '' means `` state , government '' . 
  which is n't accurate unless you live in a police state . 
  we already had two world wars because of nationalists and they 're back at it . 
  what is the appropriate amount of people killed to make them fucking stop already ? 
  what medieval are you talking about ? 
  border changing is typical late 1800s-early 1900s, 
  * rend\u0151rs\u00e9g * = * rend * ( order ) + * \u0151r * ( protecting ) + * - s\u00e9g * ( ~ group ) whereas you guys just use some completely random latin word that 's unrelated to anything the police actually does . 
  in some cases you can also use * sima *, 
  well communism there really only were two classes : the ruling party and the common people . 
  capitalism has lots of classes , ranging from the homeless to the billionaire , in addition to the political elite . 
  this is btw exactly what orb\u00e1n also did , but he did n't even import them , just left them where they already were in romania, 
  unfortunately , it looks like the guy wo n't give up that easy , and i 'm afraid it will not be exactly ` clean ', 
   it 's actually the fastest growing religion in the world [ there 's a relevant xkcd somewhere here ] ( https://xkcd.com/1102/ ), 
  damn , and i thought hungary was backwards . 
  thanks communism, 
  so what you 're saying is , that religions are sacred and you can insult anything but those things, 
  i personally think that if it 's your property then you should be able to do whatever you want with . 
  i would * especially * extend this to those asshat corporations that literally disallow you to do certain things to their products ( ca n't think of an example but i know they exist ), 
  great advice ( probably ) , but i do n't really think it 's on-topic, 
  just never gotten out of the retard phase then, 
  i would n't say that . 
  there are communists and socialists here too . 
  they 're just not the crazy western idiots , like the ones over at / r/socialism . 
  we have a realistic view of what communism fucking is like , and we are able to think and act accordingly . 
  we also do n't jerk ourselves off to the good state of social reforms , unlike the scandinavians , those fucking savages . 
  this . 
  i can see why those can be difficult . 
  but anyway , good luck and have fun , 
  does he pronounce it with a ty or a cs ? 
  yeah but we also pronounce the croatian ones like that . 
  which ones do you mean for example ? 
  ( also , holy shit someones actually learning hungarian that is so cool ), 
  if you try to learn hungarian you 're already in for a wild ride , regardless of the spelling :p, 
  yeah , i really dislike the way that looks as well . 
  but its not that hard usually . 
  most if the time when theres a vowel before it its ` ly ' , otherwise ` j' , theres only a few exceptions like ` lyuk ' or ` papag\u00e1j ' or ` toj\u00e1s ' . 
  we could just make that a rule and perhaps keep a few commonly used exceptions and be fine . 
  finally , jesus . 
  i was afraid that bp might actually get it . 
  https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/45k036/what_is_something_that_everyone_does_but_everyone/czyf7vx/ the actual thing is a few comments down the line, 
  no , i mean that there are very few words where o / \u00f3 makes a difference anyway .
