  they could alienate the entire population of the other great powers , in the public eye they turned them from `` my neighbor '' to `` someone loyal to xy other nation who i should distrust and i have nothing in common with '' . 
  this is the attitude that crept into eastern europe , but without the great powers who would have the capacity or will to brainwash them into thinking same way . 
  here , it developed more naturally , along the ethnic and cultural divides that would n't follow the arbitrary lines that separated one king 's turf from another 's . 
  but the thing is , the clich\u00e9 of homogeneous nation states did arrive anyway , since this was `` in the package '' with the other liberal ideas of the french revolution like equality and democracy and that type of stuff . 
  and so the nation state also became associated with the new free society everyone was - rightfully - demanding from the different monarchies of eastern europe . 
  the rest is history, 
  i can see how that could be weird , but the same amount of weirdness is present the other way round . 
  ( except that slavic is obviously an indo-european group of languages , so there are some similarities to the others , but that is n't as noticeable as the load of random words ), 
  nationalism is primarily an old phenomenon . 
  it originates in a time where people , due to the language and distance barrier , never interacted with people of other nations ( or rarely ) . 
  the rural/urban divide is simply that urban areas are more progressed socially and economically in general and therefore less likely to adopt the ideas that were designed to make sense in that environment 150 years ago, 
  while it 's surprising to see that clerical entities have a right to vote , it 's not especially surprising considering that it 's the uk afterall, 
  i suppose you 've never seen the [ average jobbik voter ] ( http://sudvariszittyak.uw.hu/image/nem%20zoli.jpg ) in action yet ? 
   ma\u0161ina  prezervat\u00edv  kombajn [ mfw reading slavic languages ] ( https://yt3.ggpht.com/-8jyllbnlxzu/aaaaaaaaaai/aaaaaaaaaaa/a_3ur7rng7s/s900-c-k-no-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg ), 
  oh right , well i had to look this one up for the slota connection , never heard that statement of his before . 
  i 'd love to see him talk with jobbik , i would bring a looooot of popcorn . . 
  lol geez . 
  and you call eastern europe nationalistic, 
  actually i did n't , i just tried to play along at this point ... 
  there was a random tank on the main street last month - guess they came early ? 
  hm , well 49035 km2 would do :p it 's not like we could take all that land without him anyway , sooo ... 
  sorry , we 're completely out of free slots for bullshit politicians , all the positions are taken right now, 
  our land was n't enough , now you 're stealing our far-right bullshit talk as well ? 
  it all started like a millenium ago, 
  i 'm trying to comprehend this : are people really that retarded to make massive value judgement about millions of people because some article told them something about like 10 of them ? 
  and this happens en masse too ? 
  not just one-two people falling for this ? 
  the eastern block was the second world you ass, 
  how dare people use their medium of choice to communicate, 
   slovenia  issues they have it so good they have euro and made it through the change . 
  ca n't be all that bad ... 
  those mainly come from neighboring countries , i imagine hungarian families going to the coast to bulgaria contribute to that a lot for example , but that adds nothing to the western european geography knowledge, 
  lithuania , latvia , moldova , slovenia , albania , bulgaria, 
  do n't worry , the west will send russia * strongly worded letters *, 
  no , romania is n't `` lesser known '' at all, 
  ... poland, 
  yeah i googled him before posting that, 
   because the hohenzollerns of brandenburg gained land in prussia . 
  and then they wanted to become real proper kings , but could n't inside the hre . 
  so they started to call themselves `` kings in prussia '' , which was n't part of the hre , and their whole realm became known as prussia . 
  an analogous example would be austria and the kingdom of hungary , yet no one calls historical hungary austria from what i know, 
  never heard of him before, 
  it 's never too late to correct people, 
  its s\u00e1rk\u00f6zy . 
  supposed to be pronounced with a ` sh ' sound at the start , and with a german-like ' \u00f6 ' in the middle ( `` ch '' and `` eu '' for the french people ), 
  * neogoty edition, 
  both the modern and historical cores of germany are the rheinland . 
  which coincidentally also was part of prussia state . 
  why do people say prussia for brandenburg then , but not the rheinland ? 
  this . 
  why do people think brandenburg is prussia ? 
  i did, 
   speaking the same language is an instant boost to your bond . 
  i speak more than just one language , so that is not only true for other hungarians . 
   and do n't have any of your culture . 
  i do n't see why someone else having a different culture has an effect on this . 
  people like to discover new things . 
  hell , people being of the * exact * same culture would just make them incredibly boring, 
  in hungarian we have `` pof\u00e1m leszakad '' ( my face is falling off ) which means something like `` why the f. . are you/they doing this '', 
   you 're from a city , right ? 
  guess you 'd call it a town in english . 
   you do n't feel a sense of kinship i do n't have any sense of kinship to people i 've never met and never will . 
  what nation they 're from , does n't matter . 
  i obviously have a sense of kinship with people im friends with . 
  again , what nation they 're from does n't matter, 
  this is a great example , and i actually had that happen to me . 
  yes it is great to encounter people similar to you where you do n't expect to . 
  but nationality is n't special in this regard . 
  you also rejoice if you find people with similar interests as you for example . 
  yup, 
   for the most part because nobody feels in the slightest connected to the other nations . 
  for instance us dutch might feel some kinship to the germans , but none to the greeks , spanish or even the french . 
  you 're assuming that within a nation theres some magical connection being in place . 
  but there isnt . 
  one doesnt feel more drawn to two people they never met , just because they belong to the same nation, 
  well it would be a great start if it owned prussia for example, 
  the point is not about the court trial , its about the fact that he was killed , which he , without a doubt , deserved . 
  and i think that is okay . 
  politicians can do unimaginably worse things than any individual can , so they must be held to way stricter standards and most importantly , get way worse punishments , because they need to be kept in check . . 
   i am against capital punishment but for some people death seems like too good of an alternative . 
  killing tyrants/bad leaders is not bad i think . 
  and there are examples of it from not long ago as well : ceausescu for example, 
  yeah then no . 
  politicians are saying something ? 
  the best thing in that case is to do the exact opposite, 
  except that 25000 after ww2 ... 
  well what do you expect ? 
  that they 'll force citizenship onto people or what ? 
   make it illegal to publish information obtained illegally oh damn . 
  way to make reporting about corruption illegal . . wtf, 
  they did become citizens though, 
  btfo 'd, 
  oh thank god . 
  least i dont have to argue with nationalists, 
   proletarian internationalist i do n't see what 's wrong with either of them, 
   does n't speak english this is why latin should be the official language of the eu . 
  it 's hard enough to learn that using it would deter atleast the * worst of the worst * from participating in the way it 's run, 
  relevant username, 
  . . yet, 
  castles are n't immune to getting modern windows , and a castle built for * leisure * in the 19th century does n't have arrow slits .
