  i said nationalism , as in , the ideology supporting homogeneous nationstates , wherein everyone is expected to be part of some nation , willing or not . 
  which was n't the case 500 years ago . 
  500 years ago was there was only pure politics , no one gave a shit about nations or what they want . 
  and they largely did n't want anything either, 
  this is why europe should n't be a nationstate . 
  so that `` not my nation '' is n't an argument, 
  i know , but the eu isnt a nationstate . 
  see that i wrote nationstate in there ? 
  thats for a good reason , i was talking about nationstates . 
  within a nationstate its kinda implied that you have to help because muh nation you are morally required to help the others in your nation . 
  but when you arent part of the nation you then this argument doesnt apply to you, 
  a nation existing for 500 years ? 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  nations didnt exist until nationalism came about , as such no nation could be more than about 200 years ... dont be such a nationalist . 
  nations werent a thing 300 years ago , or 500 . 
  aaand the american social concept of race has gotten into europe . 
  great , just what we needed , no problems here already , were gon na also see racial bullshit as well . 
  i mean who would want to contribute to a nationstate when its not your nation, 
  yeah . 
  usually the type of people who hate another nationality are the ones who never met any . 
   why are romania and slovakia considered `` enemies '' ? 
  the hungarian minorities in those countries who they intend on keeping ... 1,2 million hungarians in romania and like 0,5 million in slovakia . 
  it is kind of a big deal , especially among the less peaceful types of people like nationalists ) from either side ), 
  eh , i think having romania and slovakia as enemies is enough . 
  croatia is viewed as bros after that whole jelacic thing died down, 
  well that is weird , because at the same time greek isnt an immigrant language , nor polish, 
  it still misses out romani/gypsy ... 
  pretty sure hungary has more than 10 : hungarian , gypsy ( various dialects ) , german , romanian , slovak , serbian , croatian , rusyn , ukrainian , armenian , polish , greek , bulgarian and slovenian are only the ones acknowledged by the government , that 's already 14 . 
  probably erromintxela, 
  many of them speak gypsy too , you just dont hear it often, 
  i heard actual people irl refer to basque as a dialect of spanish, 
   they tried to declare the eu dead for so long already now in hungary we have a saying `` whoever is pronounced dead falsely lives the longest '' . 
  integration , yay, 
  what did you expect ? 
  journalists using normal people words instead of retarded phrases like that ? 
  oh you sweet summer child, 
  so basically , you wish he gets the 72 virgins asap ? 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  honey boo boo 's mom 2020, 
  not really . 
  the british i believe have a navy of some sort to help out there . 
  the fuck is an ina ? 
  yes , that is a no-brainer . 
  unification increases the efficiency of everything . 
  well obviously there 's gon na have to be consensus about it , eventually . 
  i think once the union has been solidified into a pretty much independently-acting state , people will be much more willing to support it . 
  the hre is a shitty role model for this . 
  the thing was constantly in a war with itself and the individual states had waaaay too much autonomy . 
  which is incidentally also the problem with the eu, 
  and ukraine , france , bosnia etc, 
  no you 're not . 
  you are a citizen , aka . 
  the state is responsible for you . 
  nothing more . 
  that does not make a person a part of a nation , being born in a country that is nationalistic for that nation . 
  this is how fucked up western nationalism is , how fucked up this whole brainwashing is , making you think this way . 
  it is not true , stop pretending . 
  you can pretend all you want , but the reality is right here in front of your eyes : those people are russians , period . 
  they hold ukrainian citizenship , sure . 
  but they are russians . 
  yeah , you could move here and become hungarian . 
  but it entirely depends on you and your kids ' personal decision . 
  that is , you can also join the minority association for all i care and not become hungarian . 
  that 's how it works in hungary , ukraine , estonia , russia and many other countries, 
  and ? 
  that makes you ukrainian ? 
  citizenship ? 
  do you seriously allow the state into your brain that much ? 
  citizenship just means that the state is responsible for you , nothing more . 
  hungary was fucking carved to pieces because it dared practice civic nationalism by the minorities who did not want to be hungarian . 
  ( and rightfully so , may i add ), 
  it 's creepy as fuck . 
  kids will probably have nightmares after this, 
  well , unless you 're a prime minister of some place, 
  wtf . 
  just why . 
  why, 
  sure , i just said that not any crimean is gon na be a tatar, 
   civic nationalism so , nationalism . 
   bosnias economy  * economy *  * in bosnia * oh boy we got a comedian here, 
  countries are inanimate objects , as such who the fuck cares about their perspectives, 
   you do n't stop being ukrainian because you 're ethnically russian pfffffff . 
  fucking western nationalism . 
  that 's not how things work , not at all . 
  crimean guys ! = crimean tatars, 
  or , just take their kids like sane people . 
  who the fuck cares if they have another , you can take those as well . 
  / r/fellowkids-worthy, 
  such as austromarxism, 
  arrowcrossers * are * neonazis, 
  i would put it at 99 % + across the board, 
  you know what * is * common ? 
  orange . 
  orange seems to be a big favorite color for shitty politicians . 
  look at trump as well, 
  i tried this with my shitty italian . 
  had to look up these words on wiktionary : `` tenter '' , `` dispo '' and `` rencard '' . 
  i guessed right the meaning of these words , however i did need to look them up : `` vu '' , `` battre '' , `` bitume '' . 
  i did n't find the word `` d\u00e9d\u00e9 '' in any online dictionary . 
  also , `` me battre le steack '' , does that mean what i think it means,
