  do n't worry about it . 
  you hang out on reddit for a few months and you 'll pick it up in no time, 
  google translate is absolute garbage, 
  it 's / r/me _ ira, 
  the flag of an eastern european country ? 
  yes i am, 
  then you should be asking how they perceive the languages they do n't speak . 
  because for a language you do speak , you ca n't overlook the actual content of what is being said , and you will be hearing that , and not the aesthetic . 
  i do n't know those tabletop games at all ... and it does n't come from the other one either , at the time i made this account i did n't even know this was an actual expression in english , i only ever heard it before in hungarian . 
  which is the reason i used this , i just found the expression funny , and i thought english speakers wo n't get it in any case , so they wo n't just think i 'm an ass with a huge ego immediately, 
  how a language sounds to you is incredibly subjective , and depends on what other languages you know , your native language , etc etc. 
  since i know nothing about op besides them speaking english , i ca n't and do n't want to make wild ass guesses . 
  i 'm just gon na roll my eyes . 
  listen to it for the love of god , it 's absurdly easy to find it spoken , which is true for any language ever . 
  op could 've just done that instead of asking native speakers , like they have any idea, 
  no , i do n't even know what that is, 
  i could n't listen to it past 1 minute , because the actual music is boring as hell , but i read through the lyrics . 
  it 's an okay song i guess , if you 're into this genre then go ahead listen to it . 
  do n't know , do n't care . 
  look up youtubers if you want to hear languages , it 's current year goddammit, 
  yes , because it 's economically more beneficial to me to be ruled by brussels than budapest . 
  foreigners are gon na rule me either way , so who cares, 
  people generally definitely do n't . 
  i do though , sexion d'assaut is great , also mai\u0302tre gims but i 'm not sure how much that counts as rap, 
  they were kinda sent to auschwitz in 1944 . 
  let 's not talk about it, 
  short story : i am hopelessly uncreative with names , even more so with username . 
  besides , i was 100 % sure that good usernames would already be taken, 
  i am disappoint that it 's not `` maymay '', 
  that is the lowest of the low hanging fruit for `` username checks out '' ... no shit sherlock , the username is gon na check out, 
  obviously , in europe, 
  because eastern europe is where there was communism . 
  whew , thank god i 'm not a balkanese, 
  it 's not, 
  drink , because it 's friday and the eu got good finally, 
  i do n't watch the news, 
  i 'm sure they 're really offended now, 
  because indo european is ugly, 
  kod\u00e1ly and nagy are not suffixed ones , those do n't end in - y , they end in the letters `` ly '' and `` ny '' respectively . 
  it 's a bit confusing , i know . 
  yup, 
  thank god the commies got rid of shitty religious laws like that here, 
   you guys have something in common with germany used to . 
  fidesz bowed down to the people and now stores are open again . 
   also most of our states have a ban on dancing on religious holidays and volkstrauertag . 
  sounds more like iran than germany to me , jesus christ, 
   `` funny '' thing to ask but what about pornhub it 's not a funny thing to ask . 
  literally everyone watches pornhub . 
  no , it 's a legit tunnel , 4 of them actually , [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auphz-5ydq4&amp;ab_channel=zolt%c3%a1n ) a video of a guy going through it, 
  [ basz\u00f3dj\u00e1l meg kdnp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n63k0vzsnk&amp;ab_channel=apazenel ) ( fuck you kdnp ) - it 's about the ( now gone ) law that businesses have to be closed on sundays , which was forced through by the kdnp ( christians ) , even though they only have some power because they suck fidesz dick, 
  pretty sure most people would say palvin barbara but honestly , she does n't look that good . 
  but besides her , i could n't even name a female celebrity . 
  we have the * - y * suffix, 
  none , i would rather consolidate the thing , since it 's kind of a mess right now . 
  well , actually , i would prefer not changing that , because it would mean that obviously related words would be spelt differently , such as * music * but * musician * , * physics * but * physician * etc. 
  in english , that would mean that a lot of homophones would be spelt the same . 
  * scent * , * cent * and * sent * come to mind . 
  the m6 highway 's construction where they made tunnels where there were no mountains whatsoever, 
  yes . 
  in the 1920s we got rid of the ` cz ' digraph , which needlessly duplicated ` c ', 
  i would 've linked that belga song where they try to swear as much as possible, 
  i 've had british people in cs ask me whether i 'm american or not , so i 'd say i have an ok pronunciation, 
  and basically every place ever . 
  i would even find myself doing with people from other cities vs from my city , not just with the country, 
  i do n't either , even though i 'm a eurofederalist . 
  identity is not a requirement for a state , in my opinion . 
  regardless of what you think , though , it is better for everyone inside the eu to get good deal from britain . 
  you should really feel the same way as if this were directly your country versus britain . 
  if romania had to negotiate with britain , you would not want britain to get the better deal either , and you should n't with the eu . 
  this is about your economic benefit , after all . 
  not my country . 
  you might be surprised to learn that it in fact , is your country . 
  i have a pair and i like them . 
  fight me if you do n't like it . 
  i wear them to the beach . 
  they 're comfortable and have great irony value . 
  and besides , non-croc beach footwear almost all suck complete ass . 
   the christians are doing a great job reconquering iberia , which will soon be called spain and * not spain * there, 
  really fucking far, 
  same . 
  sad story, 
   we could hold the carpathians knowing our neighbors , they would probably rather not let us help them in the carpathians . 
  so obviously for us the best is to ally up with the russians , really . 
  they would probably give us land , too , so why the hell not ? 
  yeah . 
  i 've been mistaken to be italian because i spoke italian in spain ( well , catalonia ), 
   in transylvania inb4 one million butthurt romanians, 
  it 's a synonym of politics, 
   not just thugs serving a ruling elite . 
  that is what police is , you get that . 
  even if they serve an imagined `` greater good '' , they will still need money , which i do n't know how you think they will get, 
  and who do you think will pay the police ? 
  will it become a mafia organization and get protection money from everyone ? 
  or would it be like the american health system , in that it only helps you if you pay them a lot ? 
  or will they become simple beggars , easily bribable goons ? 
   it just refuses hierarchies and structures based on domination . 
  but it has no way to enforce it , so in the end it would be just as social hierarchy-based, 
  1952-1968 is n't `` shortlived '', 
  the autonomous hungarian parts , yeah, 
  do n't be silly , romania had autonomous regions for a long time,
