  i want to believe that it 's not ( though i do n't have any illusions of the stance on minorities in france ), 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  yeah i just wanted to make sure that its clear that i want the current nationstates in europe to be gone, 
  by centralized i meant the dissolution of the nation states that currently make up the union and creating the canton-like system that would not interfere with the european parliament in non-local affairs, 
  the problem with austria hungary was that it had dominant cultures that oppressed the others , though if you only look at the relationship of germans and hungarians , then it looks like it worked well, 
  exactly, 
  europa , obviously :p, 
  european union is good , or perhaps simply europe or europa ? 
  including hungary : hungary , slovakia , austria , croatia , italy , germany , spain , vatican city , uk , also went through slovenia by bus during the night when going to italy , not sure if that counts, 
  the point was to get it to a place safe from terrorism ... obviously budapest would be the best choice, 
  please , let 's do this asap . 
  i personally would go as far as a fully centralized europe . 
  nationalities would be treated similarly to how religions are in current european states - aka . 
  national matters would n't be the matters of the state . 
   how this would work with language barriers and such already works in switzerland for example, 
  during an important match ( aka . 
  fradi vs \u00dajpest ) , this would be the same , but with 100 % more alcohol and violence, 
  same, 
  aaand this is why we like germany more than you both, 
  here 's some [ hungarian * mulat\u00f3s * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ovlinmdeum&amp;ab_channel=csesza ), 
  except such a language exists , its called scots and you can understand most of it , probably . 
  the reason for this is because of the closeness of the speakers of each language , the languages evolved similarly in many aspects . 
  compare the neolatin languages for example . 
  exactly . 
  though if you go up the hill in those small paths between the houses you can get a nice sight and virtually no people, 
  i heard greek-turkish is n't the best match either, 
  i do n't know that story, 
  europa herself, 
  sz\u00e9kely is more like ` knows little but still smart ' , no ? 
  not sure how well bud spencer and terrance hill are known in italy, 
  there was two nomad dudes , hunor and magor , who chased a magic deer to uncharted lands . 
  it eventually led them to an amazing place next to the sea of azov , and they settled down instead of chasing the deer further . 
  they also raped a few local women , and hunor 's descendants became the huns , and magor 's descendants the magyars ( hungarians ), 
  no refugees here , not much to have an opinion about, 
  really ? 
  i always thought i sounded immature enough to give it away, 
  i distinctly remember that i learned ww2 in 8th grade , 2 years ago, 
  dont they do ww2 in 12th grade ? 
  communism was a joke in real life too , at least that 's what i was told . 
  depends . 
  if you are there during the oktoberfest , the munich . 
  otherwise berlin, 
   purkot ( also have no idea how to spell that ... 
  i 'm going off what it sounded like xd ) p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt :p, 
  but you can shorten it to `` eks '' ( sounds like `` eksh '' ) in a casual situation, 
  switzerland . 
  speak the language , but in a way that i dont notice that youre a foreigner ( pro tip : you cant do this unless you spend years here and are obsessed with the culture ) . 
  i dont think i know of anyone who was able to do it, 
  well you can clink & drink if you all have your own bottles too :p, 
   with vodka or similar , people often have a few shot glasses that can be used . 
  look at this casual , not drinking that p\u00e1lesz directly from the bottle, 
  same , we call the thing a `` kupica '', 
   do you find the system to be efficient or overly bureaucratic ? 
  efficient . 
   is health care rationing a problem ? 
  the what ? 
   are the prescriptions you need available to you ? 
  yeah there 's pharmacies here too . 
   are they reasonably priced ? 
  anyone with a job can afford them when needed . 
   if you had to rate your respective system 1-10 , how would it rank ? 
  idk fam , never really had to compare, 
  it ran as `` az eln\u00f6k emberei '' ( the men of the president ) , i dont remember it being that popular . 
  i watched a few episodes myself , it was pretty good . 
  tbh , do you think that a truly , fully independent polish state would 've done it ? 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  maybe on a smaller scale, 
  it 's better for old people : there 's less violence , everything 's cheap and all around calm . 
  unless you live in the capital, 
  why wouldnt you ? 
  its hilarious and we wouldve discussed this anyway , so why not right there ? 
  in speech , you probably would recognize it unless youre slavic , because its very unstressed in this particular case, 
  nono thats bad because if hes slavic he may understand the word `` kurva '' . 
  i would laugh hard but tbh this kind of jobbik-tiered jingoism and chauvinism appeared in hungarian literature of the time too ... 
  there 's also `` horthy mikl\u00f3s katon\u00e1ja vagyok \u00e9n '' , which doesnt seem to be a parody to me . 
   trianon-revisionist songs oh , those are actually funny af . 
  i had many lols while listening to [ `` a r\u00e9gi m\u00e1ni\u00e1m tankkal v\u00e9gigmenni rom\u00e1ni\u00e1n '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8mfmyc0e58&amp;ab_channel=erdelymagyar1 ) ( my old dream is going through romania with a tank ), 
  so cute , when were these written ? 
  it literally mentions the son of attila , so it 's popular among ( you guessed it ) jobbik fans . 
  other people just dont care, 
   resilience is just as important as victory . 
  this is hungary , there 's no victory , only resilience . 
  yeah , the hungarian version ( amir\u0151l nem hall az nem is f\u00e1j neki ) applies to talking behind someones back , not to this, 
  yup , i did that too , with my friends i discussed how ugly a girl was , while she was listening ( she was trying to learn the language at the time with no success ofc ), 
  i actually heard stories where hungarians would go ahead and insult foreign people in hungarian without them ever knowing . 
  though i suppose most people in europe cant do that . 
  as the joke goes : there are two types of people in california : therapists and therapists who go to therapists, 
  if you 're not into saltwater much ( and who is , lets be honest ) , i can recommend lake balaton in hungary, 
  budapest is definitely not , been there many times . 
  if you 're there and want to do beach stuff i can recommend lake balaton , roughly 1.5 hours a drive , it 's a popular place for germans . 
  or visit sziget , the biggest music festival in europe, 
  norway is literally the richest country on earth, 
  \\ # 1 is definitely football ( soccer ) , not sure about the rest . 
  motorsports , water polo and handball are pretty high up i guess . 
  i read somewhere that motorsports ( specifically rallying ) was the second most popular sport in poland, 
  sorry if this sounded rude , didnt mean to, 
  my country borders 5 slavic nations , so i hope not, 
  there 's these magic things called trains , buses , cycles and feet . 
  cars are not as important with all these available, 
  hungary - goulash ( guly\u00e1s ) and paprika .
