  sure it does but , whatever . 
  i have dignity and i have values , which are not violated by the going to prison thing , while serving the government absolutely does . 
  i dont think so . 
  if you commit war crimes to your own citizens without any war , thats still a war crime , isnt it ? 
  sure , for you its that , to me its a waste of time and it violates my freedom , so no . 
  no they dont meet the requirements for joining even . 
  nor do they need to join for you guys to have access to their labor market, 
  it 's not unnecessary at all, 
  none of these countries are nearly capable of joining . 
  also why the fuck does the use of euro determine anything ? 
   173 days in prison  versus 165-347 days of military service lol i would take the prison over the service any time, 
  i admire the guard in the background who managed not to laugh his ass off . 
  seriously , that fucking nazi pose, 
  well fortunately no one does that in hungary because grammatical gender is just viewed as some extremely useless thing that other languages do a lot . 
  ( especially indo european languages obviously ), 
   alternative classifications idk , before hearing about the western one , i only heard `` male - female - other '' , which are the sexes . 
  the third one is just anyone who feels like they 're special or they have a special medical condition . 
  that is true , but in the west they often ignore this stuff . 
  they usually just lump anything habsburg-governed into `` austria '' and feel good about themselves . 
  they pay less taxes , which is the same as if they just got free money . 
  these are equivalent . 
  that has nothing to do with hardcore sapir whorf , read up on it before spouting bullshit on the internet . 
  that 's not what sapir whorf is . 
  but of course , that wo n't stop you from wildly throwing terms at me with your imagined expertise . 
  whatever . 
  where i do use it is when i say that users of languages without would classify things differently in their head . 
  the weak version , by the way , not the widely rejected strong one . 
  the sapir-whorf part is n't what i described as `` language 101 '' , read the damn comment , jesus, 
  that 's kind of the same ? 
  i care because apparently the relationships are subsidized by the state ? 
  and that includes using my taxmoney ? 
  that 's not analogous at all . 
  not having a word for something does n't mean they ca n't describe it . 
  that is like language 101 , you can describe anything in any language . 
  my point is that in a language without two distinct words here ( even though i would say most english speakers also use the two interchangeably , but that 's not the point ) , people wo n't even comprehend what the fuck you mean by this . 
  there 's a much more elegant way to understand the distinction : people have their sex , while if their gender identity is different than that put that in a different box of `` weird obscure hobbies '' . 
  which is more accurate imho , and also does n't require everyone else to change their views on basic biology . 
  yeah , i would say they did n't matter at all throughout most of history, 
  he knows know other . 
  you either support serbian irredentism , or you hate serbia and serbs and are basically like hitler, 
   the borders will matter like they have over the entire human history . 
  so , they wo n't really at all ? 
  thank fuck, 
   it 's well known that sex and gender do n't appear together in some people . 
  it can only appear different in language where there are two words like this . 
  aka , not every language, 
   marriage is not , in secular states , a religious custom anymore . 
  it is absolutely a religious custom . 
  the fact that the state now administrates it does n't make it not a religious relic . 
  much like christmas , which is a holiday in secular countries as well , is also a religious holiday . 
   `` creating a familial cell '' you can be married and not live together, 
  you do n't need an excuse to party, 
   secular people can just sign in front of an official and be done with it . 
  why is it necessary to have that as an option ? 
  should n't secular people be able to go without that particular religious custom provided by the state ? 
  this . 
  why do relationships have to be formalized by someone ? 
  switching sides would n't have been an option then , unlike with the independent romania . 
  wait , so by that logic every italian ever is supposed to be loyal to the republic of genoa ? 
  because that 's basically your reasoning, 
  pkk is n't the same as the kurds fighting in syria, 
   i bet that only census you saw is the legendary from 1910 . 
  the percentage of slovaks decreased by a number of factors , for example more slovaks emigrated then hungarians ( this is the main one ) , because most people especially in cities were bilingual and could n't care less about nationality issues etc etc. 
  magyarization did play a huge part in that , but still . 
  calling it ethnic cleansing is fucking ridiculous . 
   royal treatment yes . 
  ever fucking heard what was going on in france at the time ? 
  `` we are tasked with killing non-french cultures forever '' or the good old `` minorities do n't deserve to eat '' uk ? 
  or the well known `` minorities should n't have houses '' germany ? 
  at the time hungary was still one of the less bad places to be a minority in . 
   census 1850 yes the one made right after hungary surrendered , totally not biased one , that one . 
  can we go with the 1870 one instead ? 
  it 's at least one that was n't made during the systematic killings of hungarians after the surrender  and `` slovaks '' participated ? 
  yeah , like 5 of the 7 murderers in cernova ? 
  never heard of that one ? 
   suddenly everything was so quickly possible . 
  because he led a party ( social democrats ) that never was in power before that ? 
  that already established itself as a party that wanted to cooperate with the minorities ? 
  you know , that whole thing ? 
  austria would 've lost the war either way . 
  but then romanians would 've been viewed as the imperialists and most likely would n't have come out a million times worse than irl, 
  theres a federalist party in czechia ? 
  til, 
  idk about gypsies in romania but i know for a fact that gypsies in hungary dont call themselves hungarians at all , they call themselves gypsies . 
  and usually gypsies only . 
  calling them something they arent and dont want to be is stupid and only pushes an agenda . 
  sure , but it 's not like franz josef could n't ignore hungary 's prime minister when it came to war . 
  the prime minister . 
  who told franz to fucking do n't . 
  yeah , the empire , the joint monarchy had those , those were n't the foreign ministers of hungary , because hungary was n't allowed to have a foreign policy . 
  orb\u00e1n is a parasite ? 
  holy shit , poor parasites , they really do n't deserve to be insulted like that, 
  yup . 
  usually when the internet is bad and you click that `` save '' button like a motherfucker a million times . 
   the majority of hungarians wanted war too eh , that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  1848 initially was only about the reforms , which * were * accepted , but at some point the habsburgs decided they did n't mean to accept them , and then war kinda broke out ( that 's what i remember from history class anyway ) . 
  independence was n't even the goal until later , people were told that we are fighting for the april laws ( liberal reforms basically ) ,  at the time he was viewed as a political outcast the main reason for that was because he was a very rich aristocrat , and he was in favor of ending the nobility 's special rights for example . 
  which of course did n't exactly make him popular among the other nobles, 
  hungary was n't in control of its own finances either , finance was a `` common thing '' ( the others were the army and foreign policy ) . 
  so there was n't really much hungary could do about finances , our hands were chained too,
