  you 're already too late with that , i know like 4 black hungarians personally :p also , i 'm stealing this joke, 
  even more so if you 're not from budapest . 
  build fucking highways instead , or literally do * anything * better with that money . 
  please no, 
   literally thinking you can expect better from politicians, 
  western journalists finally got the leaflet that 's been circulating for a week now ? 
  lol also , thanks for lumping the country with orb\u00e1ns gang ... 
  i agree with you in general , because stalin 's treatment was very religious , his version of communism i 'd rather call a religion than an actual political concept inspired by marx . 
  but . 
  i do n't think it is a good idea to stop referring to him as left wing . 
  he , along with hitler makes a great of why extremism on either side is just as bad , and that is something that society as a whole should be aware of, 
  that 's not what majority means, 
   so the minorities are at the mercy of the school and not warranted by law to receive education in their maternal language ( ? ) . 
  no , it means they have the right to study only in their native language with zero hungarian involved . 
  they do n't even have to learn it as a second language , they can do all the finals in just their native language . 
  regardless the schools do teach them hungarian , but that is by their own choice , not from legal obligations ( i mean obviously a school in the middle of budapest is n't gon na go well without a word of hungarian )  but your laws do offer them since its the best around . 
  right ? 
  obviously , yes . 
  actually i looked up and there are courses in minority languages , but not a separate university, 
  if the uk backs out that just proves my point further . 
  they are not relevant . 
  if theres an invasion , such is life , but it isnt the uk that acts as a deterrent to russia , it isnt the uk that will send troops to help if they will , and it most definitely isnt the uk that will be the most useful even then . 
  it on the other hand is the uk that sends loads of companies to launder out all the profits , its the uk that constantly is in the way of progress in the eu , and it is the uk ( and others too but whatever ) that is currently blocking germany from making a decent army that could actually get the protection job at which the us and uk fail done . 
  etc etc. 
  if the uk is relevant to my life , then its negatively . 
  give them the harshest deal possible . 
  the schools are a thing here too , they also run on public money , also with help from the minority councils which every minority has in hungary . 
  it isnt even required to teach them hungarian by law , the schools can technically decide to not teach it , although they all do . 
  the only thing you mentioned that isnt present is the universities - there simply arent enough people interested to need one . 
  present some arguments for it then, 
  can we start a club or something like that, 
  actually , no , because participation rates, 
  yeah but they have a bit of national pride to cling to , we do n't . 
  so we win the depression olympics, 
   france and the uk are n't you literally implying that a france is just about enough ? 
  logistical support from france or the uk , does it even matter ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  globally india is also important ( they also have all the same thing except the un permanent council ) , so should we also give a bunch of shit free to them as well ? 
  and china ? 
  and russia ? 
  jobbik people are delusional , do n't expect anything logical from them, 
   strategically important location ( along with oversees territory ) . 
  nato , unsc veto/permanent member , nuclear weapons 5/6 gdp , powerful military , big cultural importance . 
  i live in eastern europe , fuck me if any of that matters . 
  i am protected by the us , culture comes from the us , important location does n't matter because it 's far away . 
  there 's literally zero reason why i should care about the uk . 
  to me it 's just some western european country thinking it 's somehow different ( irl it 's literally the exact same as every other ), 
  [ nuh ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/36/transylvaniaethnography_ro.png ), 
   importance the uk has it does n't . 
   a minority would be a minority by definition is the people who are n't hungarian, 
  yeah , also the cs\u00e1ng\u00f3 / ceang\u0103i and to some extent the pal\u00f3c ( in n\u00f3gr\u00e1d county ), 
   banat  the rest of transylvania um , what ? 
  banat is a part of transylvania ? 
  ethnic romanians do this too , because lets be honest which is more prestigious , romania or transylvania ? 
   beating children for not speaking hungarian actually that was n't actually done . 
  people were n't shamed for speaking their language , there were even [ bilingual textbooks like this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/mali_katekizmus_%281894%29.jpg ) but about your other point , name hungarizing was also done , there was even a thing called * k\u00f6zponti n\u00e9vmagyaros\u00edt\u00f3 t\u00e1rsas\u00e1g * , and especially village names were incredibly often hungarized  firing into crowds of people protesting for more rights mind you though , the police officers who fired were also mainly slovak too . 
  painting this as a simple hungarians oppressing slovaks issue is misleading . 
  * i 'm not denying that it happened and yes , there were absolute nationalist shitheads who wanted it * . 
  but the issue is n't this simple . 
  there were loads upon loads of loyalist slovaks who even agreed with the notion of magyarization ( again , not saying they were right or wrong to do this ) . 
  it is very common among the people of the old hungary to think nothing changed . 
  i honestly just grew tired of it at this point . 
  they conveniently ignore that hungary 's current minority laws are better than that of every other country around it, 
  of hungarians there were also sz\u00e9kelys and ` vanilla ' hungarians ( and still are actually ) . 
  probably there were also russians and rusyns , especially in the part of m\u00e1ramaros / maramures that is now in ukraine . 
  yeah i know those evil russian civilians , literally not caring about anything other than the empire, 
  again ? 
   hungarians should take orban out and shoot him \\  implying we should n't be doing that already, 
   in 1956 nobody remembers that , everybody remembers 1986-89 , when life was pretty much the exact same as today for the average person, 
  nostalgic about communism . 
  is this seriously that hard to imagine ? 
  in hungary it 's pretty common among old people to be nostalgic about communism, 
  kek . 
  it most definitely does exist, 
  but that 's not true . 
  life was best in hungary and czechoslovakia, 
  debatable . 
  it definitely had very strong influences from both ethnic nationalism ( cf. 
  deportation of all the people ) and of civic nationalism ( cf new soviet man ), 
  well in both cases the nationalism is still very pro-europe . 
  in that way it is not comparable to the french one, 
   ask my ex yeah that 's never a good idea . 
  yeah you got that one right  if you want a real challenge you could try conjugating it , 
   ethnic hungarians were almost totally absent from the region in the first half of the 18th century you are completely ignoring that my point was literally that it was because of the ottoman raids . 
  obviously at that point these raid already happened . 
  it is taught in school that the percentage of hungarians was highest around the late 1400s , and after that it declined from 75 % - ish to 55 % - ish . 
  i learned this in school . 
  obviously that is n't a credible source but none of what you 're saying disproves it . 
   here 's a map i made oh yes , the banat , it 's like bosnia but even messier ethnically :p i think the [ red map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg ) demonstrates that even better, 
  people want to have sex no matter what - it 's just that currently people do n't want children because they 're a huge hassle for barely any gain, 
  putin stood up for personal gains and power for only himself , he probably could n't care less about his country or the people, 
   i think it might actually be a hungarian accent ? 
  hungarian would be migr\u00e1n * s *, 
  he 's totalitarian , sure , but that 's where similarities to stalinism end, 
  it 's usually said that it was the ottomans who decimated the hungarian population often , especially in what today is vojvodina and banat . 
  when the lords of transylvania were being disloyal they just went around massacring people . 
  that said , of course , we have literally zero idea what was the ethnic makeup , hell it probably does n't even make sense to talk of that , as at the time ethnicity was n't that important and most people , especially peasants did n't even have a strong sense of ethnic identity . 
  also , where does that 17 % figure come from ? 
  just curious, 
  there are chileans and argentinians who live there permanently , so i do n't think that 's true,
