  just check if they usually go to church or not . 
  i mean it 's okay for like family-related stuff but not everyday, 
   nothing about hungary yup , checks out, 
  hell , i think the state should actively try to avoid having religious people as police officers . 
  no , living in the same country as people with different nationalities is * not * the same as being a slave . 
  the goal is to not have artificial barriers . 
  when the barrier separates people who would be willing to cooperate and work together as a country then why have barriers based on irrelevant stuff like language or nationality, 
  except it 's a bunch of bullshit ? 
  i know quite a few people who are immigrants here , and they 're all integrated and i never saw or heard a single person care about their skin color . 
  what a crazy coincidence . 
  are you this dumb or just trolling ? 
  it 's because they 're taking in people willing to integrate ? 
  the wikipedia article you link does n't even support your point . 
  both the habsburg 's and the hungarian nationalism belonged in the first category . 
  and again the wiki page you link has my very point under `` criticisms '' :  a nation is best [ citation needed ] viewed as a cultural entity and not a political association . 
  [ . . ] but nationalists hold the opposite as self-evident : that the boundaries of a nation and a state should , as far as possible , coincide with only one culture within its boundaries ; here 's this as well :  nationalism is inherently divisive because it highlights perceived differences between people , emphasizing an individual 's identification with their own nation . 
  the idea is also potentially oppressive because it submerges individual identity within a national whole , and gives elites or political leaders potential opportunities to manipulate or control the masses . 
   race relations literally what, 
  there are bots nowadays that just downvote every comment in certain thread . 
  probably some triggered dickhead used them here, 
  you just triggered reddit hard, 
   how is it cancer if it allowed to your people to remain being magyars ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  it is the thing that tried to destroy hungarian identity , period . 
  do you really think that forced assimilation , second-class citizenship for minorities , extreme centralization etc etc are n't nationalism ? 
  these are the most nationalistic things in the world , literally the essence of it . 
  nationalism means merging the concepts of state , nation , ethnicity , culture , language , etc. 
  into a big disgusting blob because you just think so . 
  it is almost a religion at this point does n't matter what the government form is here . 
  austria would 've had the exact same nationalism going if it was a model democracy . 
  france ), 
  literally what * is n't * wrong with nationalism ? 
   globalists there are none of those in mainstream politics , wtf, 
  nationalism is also the thing that tried to destroy your country . 
  for example in hungary nationalism developed because of the cancerous austrian nationalism . 
  as a response we developed our own version of the same exact cancer, 
   the problem is throwing all cee into one basket . 
   throws each country into a basket each wow, 
  wait really . 
  budapest is a weird ass place , man, 
  word counts arent a meaningful measure of anything . 
  maltese is a semitic language . 
  snow is a very basic word , even if its relatively rare in malta . 
  it makes sense that they would keep the word . 
  literally anything would have public support . 
  people in their natural state do not care about the name of the line their home 's between , because again , it doesnt affect them that much in this age . 
  living in a world power does matter for people though , that is right , but at this point the eu can be considered a world power here ( as these advantages come from the size of the market ), 
  no its not . 
  countries are lines in the ground , they dont matter in the slightest to your life . 
  the political elites do , and that is the thing you should be worried about . 
  the `` omg muh glorious uk is being dismantled by evil xyz '' is just gon na be a huge bandwagon for populists and even worse people to just jump on and exploit . 
  as a person it wont affect you much . 
  just chill . 
  countries break up all the time . 
  what matters is how they break up . 
  think of yugoslavia vs czechoslovakia . 
  that is something that will affect you , because a country breaking up is always soeewhat complicated and complication can lead to many things . 
  dont let it be a yugoslavia . 
  just let it go, 
  i meant the destruction of a nation . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  it happens sometimes . 
  it 's not actually a big deal though, 
   stop advocating the break up of my country them triggers though, 
  not sure if sarcasm or / r/badlinguistics, 
  probably unrelated , as maltese is a semitic language, 
  there 's also the archaic hungarian word for snow , ` lom ' ( today this means any sort of garbage lying around ), 
  fuck off indoeuropeans . 
   most words with z are from the dacian language literally the first word that would come to mind with ` z ' : zece , which comes from latin, 
  wiktionary has the same so i would be more inclined to believe this one, 
  `` mama '' in hungarian never means mother , it means grandmother, 
   azerbaijani [ \u0259 ]  romanian [ \u0103 ] please do n't write it like this , it hurts my brain . 
  [ ] is for phonetics , / / is for phonemics ( rough approximation of pronunciation basically ) and <  is for orthography, 
  thought they spoke macedonian, 
  that they were tested ? 
  you know , they checked if it 's working properly, 
  exactly . 
  it was america where this bullshit was invented so that they could do their oppression thing to a group that was n't actually different in reality, 
  but the legal definition is citizenship . 
  i have no such thing as a nationality legally , i have citizenship . 
   the `` french '' people is an invention of the state . 
  ask the bretons , the basques , the alsatians , the occitanians ... 
  yes it is . 
  this is my point : the state is based on this ( fake ) concept of a nation . 
   nationality is generally considered linked to soil or blood ( born in a place or descended from someone born in a place ) eh . 
  nationality is more of a cultural thing . 
  it kinda depends on what community you feel closest to . 
  it 's not a well-definable thing . 
   states are generally not founded on the basis of nationality oh really ? 
  is that why the french constitution begins with `` le peuple fran\u00e7ais proclame . . '' , or that the german one has `` the german people , in the exercise of their constituent power '' and i could go on and on . 
  modern countries in europe are still founded on the basis of nationality . 
   nationality is conferred by a state normally based on either blood or soil , sometimes a combination of both . 
  no that 's citizenship you 're talking about . 
  those little cards they give out to you which proclaim that they are obligated to protect and care for you as a citizen  the concept of nationality itself is intrinsically linked to the development of nation states from the 18th century onward . 
  to the propaganda coming from the nation states , yes . 
  state propaganda was chock full of muh nation at the time . 
  people started to become nationalistic , but that actually only benefited the state , not individuals, 
  yeah that 's a great reason why it has a lot to do with it - states that are founded on the basis of nationality give nationality to people of that nationality ? 
  but only one of those is nationality . 
  people are just too brainwashed with nationalism from their early lives to realize this , but nationality has literally nothing to do with citizenship,
