  yeah that exists too but this is not that . 
  people just dont like homophobes you know, 
  im fine if its just cluj then , afterall both hungarian and romanian would be official languages , therefore both names would be official . . 
  but i really dont see the point of the napoca part . 
  its a relic from the ceausescu era because ceausescu used to jerk off to dacia and idk, 
  yeah just , remove the napoca part , it 's stupid , instead make it officially bilingual like cluj-kolozsv\u00e1r . 
  makes more sense that way , i mean most romanians only say cluj anyway, 
   carpathia  that thing, 
  that 's the plan, 
  yeah , and the soldiers still choose to do it . 
  . . win stupid prizes . 
  whoops , wrong saying, 
  that has like nothing to do with it . 
  the soldiers also know the risk and take the risk . 
  they also had it coming, 
  no they are all heroes amirite, 
  there was a cultural exchange thread on / r/hungary with / r/romania and there was already a consensus that the capital would be cluj, 
  im okay with that , but make the capital cluj instead . 
  most hungarians dont even know of craiova, 
  you choose what country your town is in . 
  the greece-germany thing is n't unacceptable because there 's no common identity , it 's because germany has no oversight on what greece does . 
  a state does n't trust another one like that, 
   it is not currently involved in any active military conflict ; transnistria begs to differ though , it 's not a military conflict , sure , but a conflict nevertheless, 
  never !, 
  moldova was traded away to the ussr for northern transylvania , if you get it back we get that back !, 
  i got banned for supporting the eu . 
  because on their sidebar there 's a line , among bannable offenses : `` supporting trump / supporting the eu '' , which i did n't notice . 
  so apparently being a right winger * and * being a left winger is banned , and in the same line too, 
   germans , brits , poles , greeks , turks , everyone , as a nation , has their own way of doing things and we choose our representatives accordingly . 
  no not really , i think it was mainly because of convenience . 
  in the past , not many people spoke foreign languages and it was convenient that they were ruled over by people who spoke the same language natively . 
  but today is a globalized world and this advantage is slowly fading away , leaving a europe filled with nationstates only held together by the tradition and the monolinguals . 
  let 's be honest to ourselves . 
  this is the 21th century . 
  learning at least one foreign language is a necessity , even if you live in a country that uses your native language . 
  but today we even have the capability to stock up on skilled translators and make everything work that way . 
  in fact we had this capability since a long time now . 
  this basically makes the # 1 reason nationstates existed in the first place ( in my opinion ), 
  no lol , i think people do whatever the fuck they want and identify as whatever they want and if theres a country that tells them what they should identify as then it 's a fucked up thing . 
  no matter how you call it , how you whitewash it with adding the word `` civic '' , that does n't change that nationalism is a cancerous ideology that has no place in the modern world . 
   you think people are born into breeds that define them many people think that way and that is fine . 
  thinking that their breed needs a country for it is where i start to disagree  you treat people like dogs with pedigrees . 
  i do n't , you do , with your civic bullshit . 
  you treat people like communists used to . 
  you think that they all should work towards making a `` nation '' prosperous . 
  you know people have other shit to do . 
  civic nationalism is an invasion of individual identity , trying to make all people feel one way , to feel loyalty towards one entity . 
  it 's like religion used to be in the middle ages . 
  you want all people to sacrifice everything they had so they can join a cult that is your nation . 
   empire that is bound by nothing more than a piece of paper but all countries are only bound by pieces of paper . 
  they are called constitutions . 
  i do n't think there 's much more into that . 
  the identities are around the countries only to make it seem more legitimate to the public . 
  but in reality it is n't required . 
  of course if the country does n't treat its citizens well , they will revolt , which will make the country fail . 
  but the only thing you 'd need there is the consent of the population . 
  if the population is ok with a country ruling over their homes , then the country works . 
  it 's that simple . 
  a common identity among all of those who they rule over , is only for the benefit of the person who is in charge, 
   do n't generally believe you can become magyar unless your born magyar yeah but we also do n't require anyone who is n't to become one . 
  it was one of hungary 's biggest mistake in history to try and do that . 
   accept hungarian-romanians as a thing hungarians are not gon na call themselves that . 
  they will call themselves hungarians , because that 's what they are . 
  but they have all the rights in romania , and ** it 's a symbolic issue what the country they live in is called ** . 
  this is a crucial point that many do n't seem to understand . 
  the choice was between two governments ( two countries ) , like on a referendum . 
  because dae eastern europe is a shithole, 
  am i supposed to be happy that people can be proud of completely random things ? 
  i really do n't care , what i do see though is that this is only good so that politicians can exploit it . 
  and no , ethnic nationalism is just as cancerous . 
  in my hometown there 's minorities who do n't identify as hungarian . 
  you ca n't notice ( they speak perfect hungarian ) , but if you ask what their nationality is , they will always say croatian/german , not hungarian . 
  if hungary followed this cancerous civic nationalism , they would have a `` hungarian '' label thrown on them , which they do n't want and do n't need . 
  it makes no sense, 
  so what you 're saying is that there 's a finite set of identities that are allowed to have their own countries and there are others that are n't allowed to ? 
  idk this whole `` civic nationalism '' seems like it was only invented so that politicians who use the good old `` muh nation '' propaganda pack do n't even have to try to make up something original to gain supporters . 
  well in hungary they used the same word `` n\u00e9metorsz\u00e1g '' for the hre as well as modern germany, 
  would still be easier than beating 28 fanatical nationalist states . 
  let 's be honest to ourselves , they are doing the bulk of the job here . 
  you can just vote them out when they 're done, 
  til my identity does n't exist . 
  thank you based nationalism, 
   nothing wrong with civic '' a person has rights and responsabilities , be a good citizen and you 're one of us '' nationalism . 
  that sounds like one of those cults where they make you join the cult when they feel like it . 
  here 's a question which i like to ask all nationalists : let 's say you can choose who governs the place where you live . 
  both give you exactly the same benefits , rights and everything . 
  both governments work the same way , neither is more corrupt etc. 
  one is called poland , the other isnt . 
  which one would you choose ? 
  yeah , but it 's not about nationalities . 
  in reality it 's about political power grab . 
  `` national '' politicians will use nationalism to grab the power , that 's basically the purpose . 
  `` us vs them '' , more like `` national politicians vs their enemies or anything that does n't serve their interests '', 
  nationalism is when you think that said heritage needs a nanny state to look after . 
  why does everyone seem to think that a common identity is needed to make a functional state ? 
  that is a stupid way of thinking . 
  the only thing you need is to care for the people who live there so they do n't fuck everything up . 
  those politicians that constantly say there is a need for a common identity is those who are only looking for more unconditional power , they use the identity they develop to strengthen a central government 's power ( and thereby their own power ), 
  most likely they are , or they live in a fantasy world . 
  kind of sad because otherwise socialism is pretty decent ideology and you know , it would be great if could discuss it somewhere without these trolls , but life is tough,
