  hungarians intermixed a lot with pretty much everyone , yeah . 
  as i already mentioned . 
  hungarians basically pillaged all of europe in the 10th century , which naturally meant lots of rape as well , aka , genetic mixing, 
  \\  hungarian conquerors ravaged europe right up to andalusia \\  most of europe has some hungarian blood \\  europe shits its collective pants \\  ` de sagittis hungarorum libera nos domine ' \\  pope-man is literally begging hungarians to stop \\  `` puny horse lords '' k, 
  inb4 erdogan is overthrown when tunisia is on geography now, 
  it 's secular the way north korea is democratic, 
   lowercase roman numerals ew, 
   eastern europe is slavic fite me irl m8, 
  1956 was about reforms to communism and getting out of the russian sphere , not ditching communism altogether . 
  the guy who was the leader of it was a member of parliament , and of the communist party . 
   how 's venezuela doing ? 
  how do you enjoy having a minimum wage in your country ? 
  you realize that 's breaking the free market by the government , right ? 
  enjoy having workers rights ? 
  that 's right , that is also against the principles of the free market  negative income tax now you 're just insane . 
  literally . 
  that means you give more tax money to the rich than to the poor . 
  literally an inverse robin hood at that point, 
  close enough, 
   all across the internet leftists take a shit on anyone who disagrees with them ever been to / pol / ? 
   how the free market is bad it is bad though for pretty much everyone , except - you guessed it - the bourgeoisie who get to exploit to the workers as much as they want, 
  got lots of places we can export to , the uk is n't exactly special there . 
  pretty sure we do n't export much to the uk anyway, 
  because as i just said , the uk is the country that just betrayed an international system of cooperation , left it without contributing to it . 
  why would anyone sane want to start a new international cooperation with it without something to gain ? 
  fucking cancerous uk companies can go there and profit from it . 
  tesco , ever heard of them ? 
  sure , if you feel like bribing officials . . 
  but then you 'd have to bribe every election cycle for every country , does n't look like a good investment to me, 
  could say the same the other way : sure there were some disloyal slovaks , but most of them really just wanted to live their without disturbance, 
   the left has been a bunch of self righteous bourgeoisie  the left  bourgeoisie now i 've heard fucking everyone , jesus christ you realize that it was farage who was an extremely rich cunt , right ? 
  did n't the judges say he was n't a war criminal tho ? 
   completely the opposite `` after betraying an entire continent worth of countries , i 'm sure other countries will be keen to align themselves with us '', 
  `` we really hate the left but do n't really know why '', 
  some war criminal , who cares, 
   voting some way because ooohh someone hurt my feelings topkek, 
  referendums are dumb about any subject . 
  if you 're gon na ask stuff from the people , then why tf do you have the representative parliament ? 
  and why are you paying them money, 
   makaveli well , that 's almost macchiavelli, 
   we shared everything as good brothers do between themselves . 
  reminds me of the old joke where the teacher asks a kid to list the `` friendly countries '' ... 
  so he quickly says poland , czechoslovakia , east germany , romania and bulgaria ... 
  teacher says `` good good , but you left out the most important one : the soviet union '' ... `` but the soviet union is n't friendly , it 's a brotherly country '' ... `` why 'd you say that ? '' ... 
  `` because one * chooses * their friendships '', 
  slovak nationalism was actually the weakest in the ah empire i think . 
  cf slovaks literally participated in atrocities against slovak nationalists, 
   it 's all plains not really . 
  i 've been to the plains like once or twice in my life, 
  we also have it that way ... also you have to leace them on in the city when the weather conditions require it, 
  you guys do n't have that in romania ? 
  you only have rights because the state protects and enforces it . 
  if they are not willing to enforce it , then it 's called tyranny, 
  still better than romania tho, 
   afro-semitic afro-asiatic *  semitic is a branch of that family , which includes maltese , also arabic and hebrew and aramaic and lots of ancient languages, 
  i suggest siberia, 
  this is an extremely common scenario . 
  the answer is : no one will give a shit about what people want , much like it 's been the case since the dawn of time . 
  not really , they just started selling the eastern quality to the west now, 
  relevant username, 
  because country = / = government, 
  seeing as phoenician is n't an indo-european language , that 's not exactly relevant . 
  also , just fyi , there are exactly three original writing systems in the world : cuneiform , ancient egyptian and old chinese . 
  everything else is derived from one of those . 
  phoenician from egyptian for example, 
   has to be a tipping point eventually . 
  problem is , when they do reach a tipping point then what ? 
  it feels like its gon na get really violent, 
  it 's pretty safe to assume that romania will join as soon as it can afford , as it would help its economy . . sweden on the other hand is just being a uk, 
  you mean 1956 ? 
  also just south from here , the whole balkan thing . . 
  which is pretty much irresolvable , though the same is true with the hungarian situation . 
  also catalonia , basque country issues , south tyrol and so on . 
   because you guys dont have a shared identity . 
  do n't have any less than with some of my compatriots from some godforsaken shithole hundreds of kilometers from here . 
  also , why would i care if my place is being treated like shit from budapest or from brussels ? 
  there is no difference . 
   the artificial borders of europe have to a pretty big degree succeeded in this , no they havent lol . 
  so why would it matter in the end , if they can be overruled by a country worth of people or a continent worth of people ? 
  same thing, 
   some of us are really billionaires those motherfuckers, 
  according to my parents they usually just put 3-4 gypsy families to live in the palaces . 
  that said though hungary was pretty much the best of the communist countries, 
   then claims that you are equal with everyone well , i mean , you * were * equal with everyone, 
  we 're all just temporarily embarrassed billionaires , right guys ? 
  totes, 
  a protest is very much not a riot, 
  you 're the real mvp, 
  presentation in elementary school ? 
  i looked at the first part mainly . . that said though it still seems like there 's a correlation, 
  many of these are the autonomous national republics ' capitals , it seems, 
  no they do n't, 
  no , the state does n't get to give conditions . 
  there 's the problem . 
  the host country 's duty is to protect all its citizens , no matter their nationality . 
  belonging to a different nation = / = being hostile to said country, 
  yeah they were right wing , classical liberalism is right wing today . 
   how could the other delegitimize that standpoint if the data proves otherwise ? 
  there 's this thing called lying , politicians do it all the time . 
  nowadays they call it `` alternative facts ''  liberal nationalism by itself is something new on the table .
