  he would 've made hungary great again, 
   you only need to pump money and power in church 's arse . 
  well , also , you know , saint stephen basically converted the nation that had been pillaging europe for the last few centuries . 
  that was the least the pope man could do in return :p, 
  well , it [ used to a huge mess ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f3/napkelet_vall%c3%a1si_t%c3%a9rk%c3%a9p.jpg/1280px-napkelet_vall%c3%a1si_t%c3%a9rk%c3%a9p.jpg ) , especially transylvania but nowadays it 's largely been replaced by orthodox romanians there . 
  hungary still is mixed to this day , even the largest religious group , catholics only make up 39 % percent of the population, 
  hungarians are fairly mixed religion-wise . 
  catholics are the largest group here , but protestants ( evangelical and reformed ) are also fairly common . 
  in the east , calvinists/reformed protestants are the majority , debrecen is a huge center of calvinism , also called the calvinist rome . 
  in transylvania , add to that the unitarian and baptist ( ? ), 
  protestants , plus the romanians with the eastern orthodox church . 
  and there 's also greek catholicism in the northeast of hungary there was no settlement in the alf\u00f6ld btw , it was actually the most homogeneous hungarian area . 
  you 're thinking of transdanubia ( i live there , lots of people especially in towns have german heritage , or even are germans ) , and southern transylvania also had it , but they were largely expelled to germany by stalin, 
  that 's not how being a saint \u2122 works ... who said you had to be a good person ? 
  i know that protestants like you are an unforgivable offense to a saint \u2122 like steve, 
  she 's hungarian, 
  he does whatever he wants in his free time on private property, 
   implying it 's a good thing, 
  you obviously pity me so much that you did n't even to bother responding to my actual argument , ironic as fuck considering you just called me `` uncultured '' for doing the same . 
  you 're obviously only looking to feel superior here , especially with this condescending advice shit . 
  you do your thing man , but there 's no reason why i should take any sort of life advice from you, 
   i 'm glad you nitpicked one argument and ignored every other one , it really shows you for what you are ; since your other arguments were not worth even batting an eye to . 
  you were riding on the completely stupid `` oh but i was factually not wrong '' train , while completely ignoring the fact that it was actually the opposite argument you would want to make . . since them controlling a bunch of shitty resources that is also spread out over such a large area , that actually makes them weaker not stronger . 
   uncultured , oh sorry mr ubermensch , i will try to live up to your standards of culture , that is undoubtedly superior to mine  i pity you . 
  thank you for your pity mr ubermensch , this is totally showing me how you are so extremely superior, 
   the niger delta sits in nigeria , two countries away . 
  mali is landlocked so it 'd be impossible for them to even have a delta . 
  wtf i never mentioned any sort of delta you dumbass . 
  the niger river and its tributaries run through southern mali ... how can you be this fucking stupid, 
  oh yeah sure , that makes it totally fine to misrepresent how much land they control . 
  because controlling the uninhabitable desert and a few towns maybe is totally comparable to controlling the fertile valley of the niger river, 
   over 50 % of mali 's land was seized by extremist including timbuktu well most of that is probably uninhabitable desert , since you know , northern mali is in the sahara, 
  i 'll check those out, 
  i 'm not an anarchist so not hugely interested, 
  you meant to say yaoi, 
   too bad that most of the socialist subreddits are also like this . 
  yup . 
  there 's not even a non-stalinapologist socialist sub out there . 
  it 's madness, 
   imagine california populated by japanese , like new japan . 
  so , like america basically is populated by english people ? 
  i do n't see your point . 
  how would it be worse than what happened ? 
  japan would 've been more powerful then , sure , but also more unstable . 
   why my comments are being downvoted because you added nothing valuable to the conversation . 
  eh , no worries , but it does get old really fast , you 'll probably see too, 
  everyone knows all this . 
  and this was not much different to the christian view at the time about pagans, 
  not much different , since california was even less populated than the eastern coast, 
   100.000.000 million lives or so wat, 
  so like alexander the great , or napoleon , basically everyone to ever have an army before the geneva conventions, 
  because it 's a normal thing to translate names into your language, 
  i think you mean the famous hungarian sailor , kolumbusz krist\u00f3f, 
   raping , kidnapping , torturing 13 year old girls was never the '' norm '' . 
  dude it still is the norm today for certain people like isis . 
  chistianity at the time was n't a bit different . 
  when the water is 30 degrees then it 's not even pleasant to go into it anymore ... poor vacationers, 
  and this is so new to everyone , it 's not like that it 's been said like 3000 times already . 
  also , botswana 's currency is also called pula , hardy har har, 
  there 's probably a shitton of places called novigrad . 
  in hungary there 's an entire county named n\u00f3gr\u00e1d , which is a contraction of novigrad, 
  no , the best was when that reformed priest used a fidget spinner to explain the trinity, 
  what if you used a non-russian sim card, 
  heh , we still trust the eu [ more ] ( https://i.redd.it/7q8azf9x5ddz.png ) than the country 's government . 
  we just do n't trust anyone at all . 
  yeah , there was even a south park episode where that japanese kid drew yaoi, 
  as in , please create a throwaway facebook account to continue ? 
  verification as in i have to click the button that i 'm 18 ? 
  well i do n't think the govt would care that much honestly, 
  wanting to cut people 's dicks off for putting it in a plastic doll is a sign of way worse disorders than that . 
   traps are not gay  but futas are i really wan na hear what sort of twisted logic let you come to that conclusion, 
  that 's those specific sites ... 
  oh , let me tell you how that would go . 
  step 1 . 
  acquire adult friend step 2 . 
  ask them to share their number step 3 . 
  enjoy, 
  well your ex probably sent you those photos voluntarily, 
  no , drawing it involves no children whatsoever, 
  and how in the world can they tell if you 're an adult or not ? 
  no , but internet freedoms are basically the number one thing that needs to be protected, 
  for a thought crime ? 
  no trial ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you, 
  and who is hurt by that ? 
  yeah , it 's pretty damn stupid . 
  and it seems like scandinavia and the uk are the most affected . 
  remember that for some reason there was a blm movement in those places ? 
  like , wtf, 
  obviously this is the time i ca n't remember any of the stupid/funny ones that i heard, 
  nothing actually , he just subtly licked her ear, 
  the biggest would be ukraine, 
   what happens to the pension and health care systems when the group that is supposed to pay for them is gone and all that is left are net users ? 
  who gives a shit , you wo n't live in the country by the time that happens, 
  and if anything , that definitely does n't look like a * dolce * acqua, 
  try this :  integrate ulm, 
  i think the modern age olympics were about money only since they were born , so that 's not much of a surprise tbqh . 
  it would be a shame for such a historic place to host the shitshow of greed that is the modern olympics . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 'm saying what would be ideal , i do n't think it would actually happen,
