  to be fair , these symbols seem to mostly depict executions of combatants , which is very different from execution of civilians . . 
  few things are related to nations . 
  yes , the empire stretched up to those ares of hungary, 
  cause you know , back in the day everyone used to be religious, 
  yeah , i 'm like 80 % sure that that 's why he said ` in hungary ', 
  iceland : great britain 's canada, 
  i have a better solution , simply never look at / r/all, 
  that 's exactly why he did n't do that ? 
  which of the muslim ones were occupied by the soviet military though, 
  you asked what you would gain from being in a goddamn federation . 
  for that i answered why it would be good for you if your country was included in the federation . 
  and now you tell me why would there be trust between two countries , of which neither would exist ... . . because you know , we are talking about a scenario in which these places are in a federation, 
  a federal country , why would it have separate armier for separate regions , especially why would it have them under independent command, 
  we were talking about a european federation , not the eu, 
  to kill enemy combatants ? 
  yeah , except sweden and finland who are n't nato members . 
  if they leave the eu they can quickly expect oppressed russian minorities to suddenly appear, 
  that 's not eu written over europe, 
  i heard isis is recruiting , and there 's also eta if that 's what you prefer, 
  defense against russia ? 
  is this the competition for least accurate ww2 map or something ? 
   people are very [ . ], 
  hedonistic why is hedonism a problem ? 
  it was actually the liberals who came up with nationalism in the first place, 
  never heard of that, 
  still . 
  i 'd probably buy shit like the kama sutra or literally anything but what the government intended, 
  i 've been there , it 's amazing, 
   [ nsfw for europhiles ] also nsfl for europskeptics, 
  probably depends on your location, 
  mine was the 15th ... 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5bcvkn/nsfw_for_europhiles_europe_according_to_a/ . 
  it 's still on the first page of the sub, 
  this pairs well with the recent federalist map . 
  europa unita intesifies, 
  okay , let 's take a different example : balkans in the 90s , everyone had roughly the same morals , they all wanted a good old nationstate for themselves , see how that worked out . 
  other example : crusades . 
  other example : congress of vienna and the conservative order thing is , there are good morals and there are bad morals . 
  morals that include killing , that include oppression , that include genocide are not good morals , and if those morals get to many people , that 's horribly bad . 
  actually way before that , hungary was already removing kebab in the late 1400s . 
  dirty eurosceptic scandinavian spotted, 
  such is life in eastern europe, 
  vincent van go fuck yourselves, 
  morals being brought together isnt necessarily good , look at fascism which was brought together once by this austrian painter guy and his italian friend , and that didnt work out that well to say the least, 
  not quite , we still need serbia and ukraine for the complete revision ...  edit : actually bosnia too, 
  yeah , btw we will also eventually need serbia for that , you know , to add the remove kebab ingredient . 
  so the way i understand it , it was a thought crime then . 
  if you were a nazi just because of individual greed , youre good to go , but if you do the exact same thing but also have belief in the ideology , then youre a bad guy . . 
  not really an excuse . 
  or to krakow , literally the old capital of poland , even more symbolic than warsaw ? 
  alright , so basically the same as on the other side of the iron curtain, 
  what i 'm saying is that you were either harassed by the nazis or harassed by the french afterwards . 
  i do n't think trying your best to not get harassed by the nazis ( aka sympathizing with them ) is that bad . . 
   every non alsacian german who did n't take position during and before the war was let alone . 
  the previous dude literally just said that there were innocents who were accused ( probably punished too ), 
  i mean , who would n't be mad about losing their homes ? 
  even then . 
  what 's wrong with trying to not get killed for treason by the regime that you 're under ? 
  how is a german who during ww2 lived in elsass , germany a traitor to france, 
   anti collaboration police the what ? 
  thought only stalin had stuff like that, 
  well in the interest of literally everyone , privately owned media shouldnt exist either, 
  sounds totally french to me too, 
  < insert literally any country here  sucks anyway , nothing positive about it, 
   enemies of the state so , the average people ? 
  holy shit this is dark as shit, 
  think he meant free trade as in ` free exploitation ' , as opposed to socialism, 
   in communist europe women became equal to men much sooner and much more profound compared to the west . 
  this . 
  this is also why this did n't surprise me a bit, 
  way to get your kids kidnapped in some random place without you even knowing why he had to go there, 
  school rules being in place = / = anyone caring about the rules . 
   is n't your last post, 
  ok , fair enough , but here we were talking about a mosque that 's also right next to the school . 
  how does that immerse you oh so well ? 
  ( or into what ? 
  do you guys learn religion as a separate class in school or sth like that ? ), 
   i 'm really sorry that your education system failed you . 
  literally what ? 
  how does my education system have anything to do with this ? 
  wait so this is a whole day thing ? 
  then it 's definitely a waste of time . 
  thought this was like , one or two hours in total, 
  what if you just dont pay and your kid does n't go . 
  do you get fines for that ? 
  how does that go along with the concept of ` attending school ' . 
  so if you go out to such a trip like that , then if you spend the duration of the class in the allowed area , then did you technically attend the class ? 
  because that 's what it sounds to me . 
  it basically just means that i can go wherever i want and if i get hurt , its the teachers fault because they are responsible for me cause i 'm in school, 
  okay , so what do they do ? 
  attend a religious event ? 
  because i would n't let that be done to my child . 
  or they just go in and look around ? 
  because then it 's just pointless, 
  would n't be surprised , especially around the shittier parts . 
  though i do n't know of an actual example . 
  pretty sure there would be parents who would even support their kids getting the hell out of such trips . 
  and tbh i can see their point . 
  thing is , seeing a mosque or whatever else they 'd be learning about in person adds nothing to the studying experience , just makes it inconvenient and annoying ( not that otherwise it would n't be annoying , but at least they leave you alone ), 
   che strutture cos\u00ec vecchie siano un po storte pretty sure it 's not about their age , they 're just not being looked after properly,
