  exactly . 
  already at this point it should be possible to , with referendums , rearrange and shuffle the borders within the eu around if people so choose . 
   situation with hungarians in serbia is vastly different then with hungarians in romania for example . 
  actually , i do n't think so . 
  i know people of both communities , and their mentality about everything was roughly the same . 
  guess i did n't pay enough attention, 
  except if they decide they are not canadian, 
   they accept serbia as their homeland and identify with it they most definitely identify as hungarian , it 's just a general thing that they stopped caring what the country they live is called, 
  when you realize the concept of nationstate is fucked *, 
  it 's also not a good reason to lump many people who feel different together . 
  you should be fighting the mentality that different people should separate themselves into different countries , because that is the thing that breeds all that hate, 
  anything is a reason to kill or hate each other . 
  wow . 
  interesting , thanks , 
  but i literally just gave you the statistics that say that its not the only spoken one, 
  thats not the nationalism you should be fighting . 
  civic nationalism is way more dangerous , wherein you insist that everyone in the country is the same and indivisible, 
  luckily that can be changed, 
  probably the exact same as anywhere else, 
  districts probably then . 
  or the individual towns/villages, 
  the unio trium natiunum was only about nobles . 
  peasants were all equally oppressed , regardless of nationality . 
  and romanian nobles if they converted were included in the hungarian category , such as john hunyadi . 
  i will never understand the romanian nationalist logic wherein romanians were marginalized to shit and at the same time john hunyadi was the voivode of transylvania and totally romanian . 
  just choose one of the two . 
  and the unio was abolished by the time magyarization took off anyway . 
  and how would they have equal rights in france if they didnt have the right to education in their native language ? 
  at the time the city was mostly populated by germans and hungarians and they protested the czechoslovak army a lot , so they named the city bratislava which comes from a slavic given name in order to make it more slavic, 
  then it was tallinn . 
  the bratislava thing was called pre\u0161porok in slovak until 1920 . 
  because as we all know , what happened in eastern europe was in fact totally what marx imagined . 
  wow you sure know a lot about communists, 
  serfdom was abolished by the time ah came to be , so i wouldnt say it was feudal . 
  in the hungarian half there were also elections and they chose the prime minister, 
  i know , being a hungarian myself i obviously studied all that both in school from a bit of a nationalistic perspective and also from a more outsider one on the internet . 
  i meant that it doesnt stand for only french speakers of the republic ( on paper ) , but it stands for all the citizens , that would mean that it should also stand for all the citizens whose native language isnt french . 
  ofc the official language is french only , which is fine , because it means that its the language of administration and the government, 
  did the local estonians also call it ravala ? 
   are you trying us for stuff that 's 3 centuries old while you 're the country that oppressed the serbs into submission so violently it triggered a world war in the last century ? 
  im not a country . 
  i dont personally agree with the policies that triggered that . 
   the necessity to end patois ( which by the way are part of the french language group and were spoken by people of francian culture ) comes from the necessity of democracy , at the revolution 10 % of people spoke french ( as we know it today , more or less ) , it was still the most spoken language in the country . 
  if every citizen was to inform himself through the media in order to elect leader and participate in democracy one language had to be spoken by all of france again , understanding a different dialect does not need to necessarily mean that they need to speak that dialect natively . 
  scottish english speakers understand standard british english , even if it isnt their native dialect  sure , it came with a bit of propaganda as is everything states give to their masses , but do you really believe that the austro hungarian treatment of cultures was fundamentally better ? 
  when it served nothing more than to enforce cruel feudalism and separate the people of the country so that it might be more stable ? 
  this is a huge mistake . 
  im not saying it was better , im saying it was similar . 
  magyarisation was inspired by this french practice in the first place , and in most ways it was the exact same thing . 
  hell , look at population statistics and youll see that it also started from roughly the same starting point . 
  ofc its obvious that ww1 is why the hungarian one failed , and the french one didnt . 
  but its important to acknowledge that both were the symptoms of nationalism and both were wrong . 
   minority as like in `` irrelevant '' . 
  oh yes , the famous principle of `` libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 except if your native language isnt french . 
  in that case you are a fuckin untermensch '', 
    minority schools in france also generally start teaching french at that age [ 7 years ] from what i could gather from wikipedia  are we talking about your educational system here ? 
  also   how do you integrate in a country where you do n't understand shit ? 
   literally giving you a great example, 
  yeah i know , i was just making a joke, 
  you brought that up , we were talking about the edict of turda . 
  the union existed at that time too, 
   lol , how do you integrate in a country where you do n't understand shit ? 
  like for example hungarians in romania , of whom i happen to know quite a few and most speak close to zero romanian . 
   you want to start your integration at 12 when we start to learn our second language ? 
  wtf man . 
  i started learning second language at age 7 . 
  if you start at 12 no wonder no one speaks a second language . 
  minority schools in france also generally start teaching french at that age from what i could gather from wikipedia, 
  bratislava was n't called that until 1920 , not even in slovak . 
   when you do n't teach your kid the tool to integrate the society they will spend their life in . 
  integration does n't mean that . 
  and even if it did , it is perfectly acceptable if it is n't their first language , only second . 
   the rulling ellite of the unio trium nationum were all catholic . 
  holy hell what drugs did you take ? 
  saxons were lutherans , hungarians were calvinists and sz\u00e9kelys were catholics in general , but there were unitarians and a bunch of other crazy stuff in there . 
   fun fact , only european nation that didnt recognize and called partition of polabd illegitimate , was the ottomans . 
  that 's just because hungary did n't exist at the time :p, 
  it was invented in ancient greece bruh, 
  the ottoman empire was n't a nationstate tho, 
  transylvania was literally the first place on earth to have religious freedom , including for the orthodox, 
  yes i mean it 's just shit parenting if you want your kids to speak the same you do . 
  i 'm wondering , would you tell the same to the quebecois ? 
  `` you should not use your native language , your kids will be late on basic communication '' . 
  how dare they speak an improper language, 
   that 's not a lot and that is the priority sure , but when you 're in france it 's harder to learn english because you are n't exposed to it that much ? 
   there is no french whose native language is n't french . 
  the romans did n't enforce their language on anyone . 
  they did view others as inferior , but they did n't humiliate every single kid from an early age for not being born to parents of the right native language, 
   funny that you should mention the dutch though , since they also used french as a lingua franca . 
  im gon na need a source on that though , i find it hard to believe  because it was necessary that everyone learn french so that everyone could read french , speak french , be instructed in french . 
  exactly . 
  that 's great . 
  where does the `` people whose native language is n't french are inferior '' come to play ? 
  all of those are already achieved if french is the lingua franca , as it being the lingua franca means people speak it as their second language , much like english today  those were not full blown languages that got erased , french was already the language of choice for culture and art well that 's just a lie . 
  there was even an occitan nobel winner , [ frederic mistral ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fr%c3%a9d%c3%a9ric_mistral ) . 
  i do n't think it would be hard to find great works of art in basque or breton either . 
   let 's not pretend all those dialects were so precious as to be all invaluable and deserving protection linguistically , all dialects of all languages are equally valuable . 
  you should n't make such judgements about language . 
  if the capital of france was n't paris and it was , say , lyon , then it might that you 'd argue that what an invaluable and worthless language parisien was and how it was just better to replace it with lyonnais . 
   in short they were not standard languages , which explains why they died .
