  huh , it 's just the way humanity organizes itself into tribes , nationalism 's goal is to formalize their respective tribe into a state ... i can see why they want to do that, 
  i think they meant the elections there, 
  it has an / r/meirl feel to . 
  hungary is basically / r/mycountry _ irl, 
  yes , totally . 
  calling someone nationalist out of the blue and then downvoting them is totally a mature way of debating i 'm not a nationalist , by the way , no matter how hard you 're trying to ` prove ' that, 
   if you dont , its quite entertaining . 
  this is entertaining here too , not sure why it would n't be . 
  literally everything is thieving here . 
  legacy of communism ftw, 
  can you just stop ? 
  you 're pretending really hard that you have the intellectual high ground for some reason . 
  you come off as awfully insecure, 
  they were fine with using just the historical names for k\u00f6nigsberg , selanik , kishinev , posen , danzig etc  remove that nationalist salt from your eyes and maybe you will see clearer picture :p . not sure if i should cringe or just laugh at you, 
  interesting , i would pronounce it short in either case ... 
  transylvania was not autonomous at that time , and `` bratislava '' was not even a wild thought in nationalist minds . 
  bratislava was called pre\u0161porok in slovak until 1920 . 
  the same is true in hungary yet here they have the right to native language education and to do their state-related matters in their own language . 
  official language just means the language of bureaucracy , normal people barely need to know about it . 
  and what in the world do you mean by `` to learn their mother tongue '' , just what, 
  kerry because it alliterates . 
  he 's even called agent k and not p in the hungarian version . 
  yes , for example in harry potter it 's roxfort and not hogwarts ... and it 's a million times cooler . 
  tbf i do n't think many people pronounce the final \u00fc long . 
  the \u00f6 , definitely but not the final \u00fc, 
  3,5 percent is plenty enough . 
  those people still should have the right to do everything that people who speak french natively do , since i believe your constitution says that people should be equally treated regardless of native language , no ? 
   99,9 of the french non-foreign born population speaks french more like 86 % , according to the wiki . 
  for 14 % of the population , french is not their native language . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  i was talking about the armenian genocide . 
  stop being this triggered, 
  well probably children whose parents speak that at home ? 
  it was literally a century ago, 
  i genuinely hope that people who reason like this once get into the exact same situation the other way round . 
  i know it 's a dick thing to wish for , but jesus . 
  this reasoning is as anti-humanistic as it can get . 
  `` why should we make anything convenient for anyone who is n't me '', 
  * guillotine sounds *, 
   at least you acknowledge my age ~ ~ superiority and wisdom ~ ~ ftfy :p, 
   let the grownups talk but granny , you 're not talking to anyone else ... thanks for the lollipop though , even if it 's not actually a toy : pp, 
  hey hey hey , watch your mouth . 
  i ai n't no `` prepubescent '' boy , i 'll have you know that i 'm through puberty and soon to be an adult ... 
  i 'm a big boy now , duhh, 
  i think slovakia was like that too, 
  edgy, 
  and bulgaria and romania, 
  i personally do n't find pictures of everyday things entertaining ... i do n't judge you if you do or anything , but i 'd rather not see more of it than there already is, 
  please do n't give any ideas to the people doing the < whatever  of europe, 
  none of the regions are `` independent '' , duh, 
  yeah , i 'm saying that i agree , but obviously with limits ... allowing these associations too much power could be disastruous . . so obviously i would treat them with caution . 
  but otherwise i am very open to the idea, 
  85 % of romania or transylvania ? 
  i think transylvania would still be pretty mixed ... 
  i also find it weird that that many would be religious , too ... in hungary almost half are irreligious or nondeclared ... 
  as long as they do n't violate the central laws and such , they 're fine, 
  as long as they do n't go directly against the central government , i think it 's fine, 
  greek catholics apparently disappeared ? 
  because romania is wrong . . it is not exclusively orthodox there whatsoever . 
  transylvania was so religiously mixed historically that they even had to invent freedom of religion to deal with it . 
  the non-sz\u00e9kely hungarians there are almost all protestant ( paging / u/verylateish for example ) and the sz\u00e9kely hungarians are mostly catholic, 
  yeah but they can cooperate the way they wish, 
  well me neither , i just realize that it 's completely pointless to have nations , as in nation states , even as subdivisions . 
  the smaller units are closer to the individual and more relatable . 
  in fact the best would be to give as much power to the lowest levels such as municipalities . 
  i made a better one , i 'll post it once i get to a computer in the afternoon edit : [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/nnwan ), 
  yes it can, 
  if it does n't abolish the existing nations then it 's basically useless . 
  you 're just giving the nationalists more fuel for the populism machine, 
  this is basically `` how south is the country 's southernmost point '', 
  yugoslavia was not in the eastern block, 
  that is clearly not the case . 
  there is nothing forcing married couples to breed or adopt children . 
  and a lot of them do n't either . 
  so if that 's the strategy to have more children then it 's failing miserably . 
  if the goal was to have more kids then you would need to modify the concept of marriage so that it requires couples to breed . 
  right now it 's completely useless , it 's just basically `` hey , we 'll take the state benefits and may or may not actually do what we 're supposed to with it '' ... 
  i 'm not defining anything , jesus . 
  are you this triggered by the new laws that you have to shittalk `` the left '' like it 's a demon or something ? 
  you talk like a feminist does about the patriarchy . . 
  how do you make this into a debate about that ? 
  what the fuck . . swear to god i ca n't talk about anything without this shit being brought up . 
  i said people should not marry . 
  this concept of two people making a legal contract between them because love , should simply not be popular . 
  it 's an outdated religious custom . 
  should n't even be recognized by the state , not to mention fucking encouraged . 
  also do n't get why homosexuals really also want to do this . 
  just makes you think how insanely deeply ingrained christianity is in society . 
  nobody should care about marriage at all either , but apparently this is the 21th century, 
  yeah , i 'm willing to bet that that 's a fetus that 's older than what 's allowed to be aborted . 
  wait , she ? 
  on the thumbnail she looks like an old man, 
   turkey is strong enough to stand independently of the west that is literally the teaching of western nationalism . 
  '' < muh country  is stronk and independent '' . 
  that is not erdogan 's original idea whatsoever, 
  this is a prime example of a joke being so far from reality that it is not enjoyable anymore . 
  the `` knin - green '' part ... 
  it 's way better than the obnoxious saltwater tbqh, 
  savage, 
  the least likable state in western europe .
