  france is the most zealous at it , so it 's the least favorable to me, 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  you can be german if you want and the germans accept you , what 's problematic is when they * force * you to be what you do n't want to be . 
  if they said that you ca n't be * not * german when you have the citizenship , that 's when we go into problematic territory, 
  it 's disgusting because you deny minorities everything . 
  you degrade them to nothing with this excessive nationalism . 
  france did n't even ratify the european treaty about minority rights , so it does n't even pretend to care about them . 
  hungary is not germany or nl , it 's really useless to think about that . 
  my point was that anyone else running for office in hungary will also be a massive cunt and corrupt as fuck . 
  may 7, 
  sounds really disgusting , tbh . 
  no wonder you guys suck at minority rights that much . 
  you literally deny they exist . 
  le pen wo n't win , french people are n't like the anglos, 
   her ideas her ideas are more like two hundred, 
  i could go and get citizenship , i would n't consider myself french . 
  this really easy exploit is why i ca n't honestly take this seriously . 
   french citizens i would argue that french citizen does n't actually mean french , though i know i will be voted down to hell, 
   that 's why i do n't want populists to have real power . 
  you do n't really decide that though . 
  you can be as fiercely against populists as you want , they do n't have to make you vote for them , they only have to make 50 % + of the voters vote for them . 
  do n't know, 
  populism is the death of democracy . 
  in churchill 's words `` the best argument against democracy is 5 minutes of straight talk with the average voter '' there 's nothing wrong with that , but when you 're fucked by populism you ca n't do anything . 
  move on or join the futile resistance , neither is a particularly good option, 
  i literally go to high school right now and that 's how it is, 
   private schools there 's your problem, 
  actually , they were only segregated between 10-14 . 
  from 14 onwards they were n't really anymore , only formally . 
  since the sports classes are solely playing football/volleyball it 's not unusual for some people to go over to the opposite gender to play there, 
  not always , there are places where middle school = \u00e1ltal\u00e1nos fels\u0151 tagozat, 
  i studied history which has lots of social science in it , at least the way it was taught to me, 
  yeah we have the elementary school from 6-14 but i doubt that its what theyre referring to, 
  same way there already were tributes to turkish victims of terrorism , using the turkish flag , and no one thought that it was about support for erdogan, 
  i 'm always confused by this , which age is primary school again ? 
   i 'm happy we 're not appeasing to the russian regime . 
  so , there should be no tribute for innocent people when they were born in a hostile state , that 's what you 're saying, 
  the altright edgelords, 
  yeah . 
  in the end , literally no one gives a shit about either the treaty or the rock , politicians just need something to talk about and to smear on others again, 
  well their regime failed when france fucked them over with the whole `` give back reconquered areas to the czechs and we will in exchange stop the romanians from attacking '' bullshit . 
  i do n't think they would 've had much of a problem staying in power in peacetime , they had all the tools to do so from the soviet model, 
  i think you 're giving a bit too much importance to laws there . 
  laws are basically just whatever the guys in power want it to be . 
  it 's rather the strict set of rules about who can change what laws and decide on them is what makes a country free . 
  and yeah , laws were and are pretty extensively used to enslave people . 
  do n't feed him , he 's gon na think you 're one of them, 
   authoritarianism and rule of law authoritarianism * is * rule of law though , they just make the laws authoritarian, 
  except if they deal with other russians and norwegians who do n't happen to fall in line , which are likely more numerous than the ones the chart would be accurate for . 
  also , by stereotype i meant the whole `` mushes everything together , generalizes a lot '' , which is a stereotype for both americans and western europeans, 
  respectable media , that 's an oxymoron, 
  not anything useful anyway . 
  you could just collect data for the whole world at that point ... and you can conclude that the average human is chinese , you can do that but why tf would anyone care . 
   countries and their frontiers represent cultures , traditions , languages , they represent none of that , they are either completely arbitrary lines drawn by tyrants , or historical borders drawn by historical tyrants . 
  they represent states and states , there 's nothing behind a state other than the army and political structure that holds it together . 
  yeah right , sure . 
  you do n't interact with 99 % of your countrymen and never will . 
  same for 1919 march through the early 1980s, 
  because it tells zero information . 
  you could draw a circle randomly on the map and make data for all the people who live inside it , it would be similarly useless data, 
  to me it sounds like the ur\u00e1nv\u00e1ros in p\u00e9cs , which was named after the deposits of uranium near it, 
   one of the most repressive totalitarian regimes of the 20th century you guys had antonescu though, 
   neighborhood of uranus heh, 
  hungary 's motto used to be regnum mariae patrona hungariae, 
  yeah , groups according to something that 's useful . 
  country based grouping is a fairly useless grouping . 
  group people by sex , group them by age , group them by income , social status , etc. 
  or you know , india , one of the most diverse countries on the planet, 
  changed it to western then . 
  regardless , the same stereotype, 
   keep an eye out for protest days in the large cities . 
  i 'm not traveling hundreds of kilometers to protest . 
  if i have to travel that much i will rather go to austria and never return . 
   what do you propose in any case ? 
  you only dismiss . 
  what is the way to go ? 
  nothing , there is no solution . 
  not anything permanent anyway . 
   there 's nothing wrong with trusting the system as long as you do n't trust it unconditionally . 
  trust is a slippery slope . 
  one day you say `` oh i 'm sure they do it to help us '' , the next day you will believe the same for something shittier , something worse , and you will end up here . 
  the cycle never ends , the best you can do is reset it by electing some other douche . 
   but at the end of the day most of the money goes to the people here well what can i say , your political elite is too dumb to exploit ? 
  actually they are n't , they did produce wilders in the end, 
  except that cultures do n't link up with countries . 
  if you took those data by culture , then sure , but the data refers to countries , making it completely useless, 
  no , not really . 
  that 's like averaging out the favorite color of each person in the country then claiming that the mix will somehow give you a better insight on which color people like there, 
  westerners lumping millions of people into boxes ?? 
  who would 've thought this would happen again ? 
  they have like 30 % support , you can check any survey . 
  the problem is that almost half the population does n't support any political party at all ( which is the population part i belong to ), 
   you see politics as an external force instead of an organization that you can influence . 
  i 'm a minor , that 's exactly what politics is like to me . 
   do n't you think if enough people demanded change , someone would come and take the opportunity ? 
  yeah , these guys are called jobbik and they will be even worse than what we have atm  strike , protest , shut the country down . 
  yeah sure , they will totally notice me protesting in some town they 've never even been to or gave a fuck about in their lives . 
   hit the politicians where it really hurts : their wallet . 
  it 's actually way better if you throw it in their homes . 
  the previous guy once got a molotov cocktail in his house .
