dank memes covered that . 
  not according to reddit - according to his doctors . 
  [ not my definition ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/genocide ) but i think you know that . 
  with that link you can decide for yourself . 
  i 'm not really interested in jumping through hoops with you . 
   israel some people are arguing that they slowly are . 
  i apply it exactly as the words are described by definition , but not to the neurotic level of correcting the difference . 
  they 're the same . 
  interesting rules you 've conjured . 
  would you mind googling genocide and ethnic cleansing and telling me how very different they are and why you thought it was necessary to argue semantics on this subject ? 
  you missed the point . 
  `` oi , lads i 've found one of them rare europeans '' pokeball - go !, 
  the `` stan '' til gets passed around a lot . 
  we all know what stan means . 
  sorry i do n't trust anyone north of the equator . 
  but greekball is the newest mod ... false flag, 
  you can actually find them over in israel as well . 
  they do n't care that the `` white devil '' is parading around them . 
  yeah because they 're the only ones who bother with it . 
   leverage the highest moral ground not sure that makes the women getting sexually assaulted feel any better . 
  what happens if you ignore the un ? 
  i do n't know what that means . 
  yeah my flair is an australian flag but if you hover over it it 'll say queensland . 
  up qld . 
  huh ? 
  you can write whatever you want . 
  the norm is to write your state/province/oblast or whatever . 
  i get excited and count down the acts until the one performed in their native language . 
  yeah cheers . 
  the spoiler tag sure is fucking helpful . 
  remind me to unsubscribe during this time of year . 
  what a lovely comment chain this turned out to be . 
  would you care to continue wallowing in shit with me ? 
  i 'd love to call you a cunt at some point and scream into a pillow . 
  no offence but because everyone is playing teams and i 've picked a team you become `` they '' . 
  now i hate you because you 're not on my team . 
  i 'm a simpleton who ca n't shake 10,000 years of tribal instinct for a 5 minute chat . 
  hehe oh you must be `` they '' . 
  you 're not my team . 
  rip french fries . 
   i only trust cnn bad trolling . 
   you miss the point that alarmism is not reality tell that to the people who were waiting for the next big attack right before the bataclan . 
  seems like it has to be someones sister , brother or mother before anyone considers this a serious issue . 
  you 've got preventable murder - make steps to prevent it . 
   neo-nazi decent why are you bringing up things out of her control ? 
  `` they '' ? 
  this is a schoolyard game now ? 
  she 's not p either . 
  but the offence is taken when comparing her to q. 
  people in europe suffered greatly under q and to compare a simple nationalist politician of nazism to brainwash voters and win your little argument is disgusting . 
  she 's not p either . 
  but the offence is taken when comparing her to q. 
  people in europe suffered greatly under q and to compare a simple nationalist politician of nazism to brainwash voters and win your little argument is disgusting . 
  the first steps to genocide would help you disrespectful child . 
  you insult anyone who suffered under nazims by misusing the label . 
  oh no a nationalistic leader a dot agree with . 
  must be a nazi . 
  what is this your first election ? 
  grow up . 
  nobody is forming lines , reserving spots or creating order in my land of shitposts and casual racism . 
  they can bring their towels . 
  we 'll see who comes out on top . 
  we get a few schnitzels over here . 
  but now that i 've thought about it i reckon it 's the amount of beaches and their length . 
   propaganda is everywhere . 
  apparently so as you 've been buying into the really strong stuff to make comments like this :  one is objectively bad ironically that comment is objectively wrong . 
  black and white politics is extremely dangerous . 
  thank fuck it 's not your election . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  it 's not a practice that happens in aus . 
  i dunno why . 
  probably because we 've got long beaches . 
  that ? 
  it 's such a small part of what influenced the genocidal side regime that it 's irrelevant . 
  i mean it 's great that you know the full history of the party but that small part does n't represent what the ideology ultimately stood for . 
  but what ? 
  socialist policies = obvious warning signs of nazism ? 
  well fuck better let the states know to keep an eye on bernie . 
  nazi 's were anti-socialist so no i do n't really get the idea lol also `` nationalism '' is an important distinction from `` white nationalism '' . 
  i mean would you call a patriot a nazi ? 
   i have n't seen a single person provide an answer when asked how exactly he 's a fascist or a ** nazi ** . 
   * proceeds to answer * sure i added it ? 
  or do you reckon you need to read a little closer ? 
  alright . 
  why ? 
  panic - sure you 'd do anything to alleviate it . 
  but a bit of fear for the future ? 
  how could that be anything but motivating for change . 
  reeee nazi edit : muh / s, 
  bet those annoying irl friends seem a little more tolerable now huh . 
  wipe that shit off your nose , seppo . 
  this do or die rhetoric makes me sick . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  nazism was brought up in the original post . 
  not a very good one if you want to compare someone to nazism . 
  extremely disrespectful to those who suffered under them . 
  \\ ^ one of those people you need to ignore . 
  vote for whoever you believe will better your country . 
  he 's rolling in the coffin . 
  coffin is spinning though .
