work : os x desktop : os x nas 1 : linux ( debian ) nas 2 : freebsd seedbox : linux ( debian ) htpc : linux ( xbmcbuntu ) desktop on my ( electronics ) workbench : linux ( ubuntu ), 
  i think it 's going to be at least 70 % no . 
  there are too many uncertainties with a yes vote and that scares people . 
  they may talk big now but tomorrow in the poll booth when no one can see what they pick , they will go with no . 
  i think many people who claim to want to vote yes will vote no when push comes to shove . 
  i predict about 70 % no 30 % yes . 
  my prediction : it will be a huge victory for the ` no ' camp . 
  why ? 
  because people will chicken out . 
   you 're the one that 's saying the putin is likely doing mass exterminations without anyone noticing . 
  show me where i said that . 
  all i said is that it would n't suprise me , and it would n't . 
  putin is clearly crazy , he believes he still lives in a cold-war world and is getting paranoid . 
  i would n't put anything past him at this point . 
  how much does putin pay you ? 
  this is quite fascinating , i knew there are lots of paid shills on the internet to spread pro-russian propaganda , never imagined having a ` discussion ' with one personally . 
   are you implying that putin might be doing some ethnic cleaning himself ? 
  good 1 m8 . 
  it would n't suprise me at all . 
   parading troops through streets = / massacring millions of jews and collective punishment by execution . 
  does n't matter one bit . 
  he has shown he is willing to cross that line , by how much is hardly relevant . 
   * policy of ethnic cleansing . 
  2 points : * this graphic only compares the years leading up to ww2 , while there were ghetto 's and concentration camps at that time the real ethnic cleansing push did n't start until '41 * most of the details about ethnic cleansing did n't surface until after the war , during the war there were rumours and suspicions but the true scale of it was n't clear at all . 
  * russian soldiers have already committed war crimes against pow 's . 
  yes , and email is completely insecure , it always has been . 
   yea by doing that we literally confirm the crazy russian conspiracy theories that the west just wants to enslave and make a puppet out of russia . 
  what 's the alternative , stand by while they annex ukraine ? 
  which country will be next ? 
  this behavior by russia is something that needs to be nipped in the bud . 
  do n't forget that putin is a ussr-era ex-kgb nutjob , the crazy conspiracy theories show he still lives in a east vs. west fantasy world . 
  combined with the way he handles the media , freedom of press and personal freedom of expression it 's obvious that the guy is completely delusional . 
  you ca n't expect rational behavior from putin . 
   also when by devastating the russian economy we are sure to make the russian people love us . 
  al they need to do is get rid of putin to lift the sanctions . 
  we should announce that we 'll remove all the sanctions once we see putin 's head on a stake in front of the kremlin . 
  let 's see how long they 'll hold out . 
  it 'll be tough for a while but it will not be that dramatic . 
  the russian economy however will be absolutely devastated . 
   nice one , any russian who is not ashamed of being russian surely is a paid shill !, 
  when you assume ...  or brainwashed by the putin-controlled media that broadcasts nothing but propaganda . 
  and man do you have a warped sense of reality . 
  so if this how russia thinks about this ( i 'm assuming you 're a paid shill for the russian government ) then why not demonstrate it by giving chechnya it 's independence ? 
  i mean , they clearly do n't want to be part of russia , yet russia refuses to listen ... 
  i 'm not talking about ethically cleansing . 
  i 'm dutch , if i do n't like living in the netherlands and would prefer to live in germany i would just pack up my things and move to germany instead of expecting germany to invade the netherlands . 
  people in crimea live in ukraine , if they do n't want to live in ukraine but in russia they can just pack up their belongings and move to russia , no one is stopping them , or they can stay in ukraine and stop complaining . 
   in theory it belongs to ukraine . 
  which is the only thing that matters . 
  also , if these ukrainians want to be russian and not ukrainian , then why do n't they just go live in russia ? 
  seems like a much simpler option involving much fewer people getting killed . 
  it 's occupied by russia , but it belongs to ukraine . 
  deal with it . 
   there are sanctions imposed . 
  what else do you suppose could have been done ? 
  complete and total isolation of russia ? 
  do n't allow any trade with russia , deny russian citizens access to all other nations , close all airspace to russian planes , confiscate all russian assets on foreign soil , refuse to even talk to russia until they withdraw from crimea . 
  did n't have flair setup , fixed . 
  here is the netherlands . 
  here it 's $ 23,95 for about the same ( 25 hd and about 100 sd ) . 
   in the real world , fiber is not 100mbps but more like 25 . 
  really ? 
  cause i could swear mine is 1000mbps and i 've done  900mbit transfers . 
  damn , i pay $ 85 a month for that . 
  does include tv with hbo though . 
   you 'd better go ahead and start planning then . 
  have you seen the dutch team play ? 
  we did n't play well against spain , and we played even worse against australia . 
  we do n't have to play better than our opponent , we have to make more goals . 
  small but important difference . 
   i 'm still waiting for this bomb to go off . 
  [ really ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/10804289/head-teachers-raise-serious-concerns-over-islamic-school-take-over.html ) , i mean [ really ? 
  ] ( http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4315/germany-islamists-hamburg ) [ you 're kidding right ] ( https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2012/08/06/norway-90-of-all-violent-rapes-in-oslo-committed-by-muslims/ ) ? 
  the ones in the background were japanese taiko . 
  actually , almost all of them were taiko with the exception being the bodhr\u00e1ns . 
  check the video here : http://youtu.be/2qezvpfdibw, 
  oh look , authentic irish taiko drums . 
   but even inside `` conservative countries '' , the ones interacting with eurovision are probably not really representative of the general position toward lgbt in their countries . 
  in most countries the public gets to vote through text messages . 
  i do n't know man . 
  sure some people may have voted for conchita wurst to show how tolerant they are , but there are still a * lot * of very conservative countries in europe . 
  it was a pretty good song , i do n't think she would have won if it had been a crappy one . 
  worst thing you could probably say is that it was very carefully produced with the intention of winning the song festival , not just the character of conchita but the song itself too . 
  to win the song festival you need a song that appeals to a very large number of people who have heard it only once and stands out from the rest . 
  it certainly did that , it was very filmic , it could have been a james bond theme song . 
  and this is why you check the chip on the passport , i 'd like to see them fake that . 
   there has been a lot of talk , mostly in the us though , about the 1 % . 
  what you may not realise is that you belong to the 1 % , if you look on a global scale !, 
  europe can sure as hell afford to be a more bit generous !, 
  sure we could . 
  we 're not going to , but we could . 
  out of the country , in the case of the netherlands where i live , i 'd say we 'd just kick the over the border near hoek van holland and be done with it . 
   because we have democracy and the people choose their leaders through elections . 
  no , they do n't . 
  you fail at understanding democracy . 
  in a democracy people do n't choose their leaders , in a democracy people choose their * representatives * . 
  they do n't chose who gets to lead them , they get to chose who speaks for all of them . 
  that 's all . 
  being elected gives a government a mandate to act on behalf of all the country 's people , analogue to giving someone power of attorney . 
  when you elect a government you do n't say `` now , lead us '' , you say `` now , execute our will '' .
