  most people start work much later and get less pension . 
  40 years is about average , which means 80 % of the max pension , which is about $ 850 net for a person living alone . 
  this is about on par with the greek pensions ( except we have to work until 67 now and ca n't retire at 50 like the greek ) . 
  but , that 's not the whole picture of course , there is also the supplementary plan , which is why our pensions seem higher than the greek pensions . 
  this supplementary plan is absolutely , 100 % paid for by the individual . 
  basically , each month a certain amount ( based on age and some other factors ) is deducted from my gross salary and put into a pension plan ( most of it disappears into the pockets of the shady financial corporations that run these as ` operating costs ' or whatever , it 's not very transparent ) . 
  what is left of it after the banksters take their share is invested ( depending on the plan you can choose in what , and how much risks you want to take ) . 
  once you retire you have saved a certain amount which you can then * only * use to buy an supplementary pension with an insurance company ( which will basically mean you will get shafted by said insurance companies * again * ) . 
  it is also taxed as income when it 's paid out . 
  this supplementary pension is not optional . 
   when you become unemployed , everyone else will subsidize your unemployment . 
  not really . 
  you pay every month for this , and the length of unemployment is based on the number of years worked and thus based on the amount you paid into the scheme . 
   when you are poor and destitute , then everyone else will pay so you can afford food and shelter . 
  again , it 's not as simple as that . 
  there are strict requirements for this and the government can require you to work for your money , that is : they will offer you some demeaning work you have to do and if you refuse they will cut your social security . 
  same goes for people unable to work , the rules for that have been tightened so much that even severely handicapped people do not qualify for it . 
  even the possibility that maybe , in the future you can do work means no disability payments . 
  you also have to be completely unable to work , so if your tongue is wet and you can move one arm and you can just barely lick stamps for 1 hour a week then you are able to work and thus do not qualify for disability . 
  this saved us a lot of money we then dumped into the bottomless pit that is greece . 
   really , how many greeks do you know personally ? 
  one . 
   is n't that what all europeans want ? 
  sure , in an ideal world . 
  yet most people are realistic enough to not expect others to pay for this . 
  the greek , however , seem to have this sense of entitlement where they want to have the benefits of saving up without the actual saving up . 
   we have 23 % vat and also around same taxation . 
  except the danish actually pay their taxes . 
  are n't those supplementary plans paid for by the employees themselves ? 
  i know they are in the netherlands , a monthly fee is deducted from your salary and put into a pension plan . 
  what is preventing the greek from doing the same ? 
  so what the greek want is to not pay any taxes , not pay into a pension plan but still expect as high a pension as the germans after supplements ? 
  what you call food i call early retirement for the entire nation . 
  we 're dutch , we 'll just build a big dyke between the outer islands and pump the whole thing dry . 
   at first i though you were joking , but then i saw your other posts and i am just going to assume it 's because of the weed , for everybody 's sake . 
  you take this internet stuff waaay too serious . 
   when you live in a state , the state claims authority over you , and it claims monopoly on violence . 
  yes they do . 
  so can europe over it 's member states . 
  that 's too far by bicycle . 
   because even if you live in a disfunctional house , it 's still * your * house . 
  you 'd be damned if you 'd let someone else take it from you . 
  but that is exactly what happens if you do n't pay of your loans . 
  how often does that end in a shootout ? 
   greece would certainly respond with force . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see how this is not a beneficial deal for greece . 
  instead of being citizens of a nation that is basically bankrupt they are suddenly part of one that 's actually doing well and where the economy is actually recovering from the crisis . 
  it was n't supposed to be an investment was it ? 
  it 's not like the other european countries were having a few spare billions in their bank account and looking for an investment opportunity . 
  this is more like a family member in need asking for some financial help , which you really ca n't afford but since he 's family you give it anyway only to find out that he only needed the money so he could keep up his lifestyle of constant partying . 
   i mean really what are we talking about . 
  billions of euro 's in taxpayer money effectively stolen by the greek from every tax paying citizen in europe ? 
  we 've had budget cuts all over the place , social security is being fucked , healthcare is already fucked and the list goes on . 
  yet at the same time we have throw billions at greece so they could keep paying their people a handsome pension at 55 . 
   even though greeks would owe other nations money , seizing their land and internal assets by force is an act of war or ` aggression ' by un terms . 
  who said anything about force , that 's up to the greek . 
  it 's not like they can afford to fight back . 
  no , they can stay there , they just become citizens of whatever country ends up with that part of greece . 
  i dunno , i would n't mind having a few islands with a nice-climate added to our country . 
   it would have to be done with military , and that means war . 
  no it would n't . 
  in case you do n't know , waging war costs money , lots of it , which greece does n't have . 
  when a private person can no longer pay his/her loans the bank just seizes their assets . 
  why ca n't we do the same with greece ? 
  greece stops being a country and we just divide the land among all the countries that borrowed greece money . 
  they can then raise taxes for their part and recover the money that way . 
   the proposal to pay benefits as a loan would give them `` an additional incentive to find work rather than allow the debt to build up '' . 
  the loan would add up really fast , and you 'll be over your eyeballs in debt in no time . 
  then you might as well not get a job , because if you do you have to start paying back this enormous debt , better to stay on the dole . 
  only as an intermediate step to a world government . 
  and it should n't be a federal system , just one single country . 
   unless you 're working a 16 hour shift without any breaks exactly during the election time , everyone is covered and has an opportunity to vote . 
  and even then you can authorize someone else to vote for you . 
  i see you 're desperately trying to be politically correct . 
  so sad . 
   yeah sure whatever , it seems like you 're an expert in that field . 
  just remember that 70 years ago ( since that 's what this post was about in the first place ) judaism was a dangerous ideology robbing people and shit like that . 
  i think we all remember where this led europe . 
  oh , so 70 years ago jews were killing cartoonists and burning people to death ? 
  must have missed that part in history class . 
  boko haram , another fine group of muslims , just announced they are joining is . 
  i wonder what those two groups have in common , they 're not from the same race , culture , country or even the same continent . 
  if only we could find one thing they have in common that could explain why they both are such violent monsters ... 
   besides , calling it names like `` bronze age ethics '' and whatnot wo n't be what makes your point valid . 
  why should your opinion on `` acceptable '' beliefs be the absolute truth ? 
  why should new beliefs be considered better ? 
  just because they are new ? 
  because the right to swing your fists ends at the tip of my nose . 
  i do n't care what crazy shit you belief as long as you do n't harm anyone else . 
  islam is far from harmless , kids are n't running away to join isis because it 's their culture . 
  people do n't kill cartoonists because of their origins . 
  islam is a dangerous ideology and it should be eradicated . 
  you really believe this ? 
  you do n't think indoctrinating people with bronze age ethics and beliefs is going to affect their behavior in a negative way ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  religion turns people into assholes . 
   i do n't it has that much to do with religion . 
  of course it has . 
  on both sides , of course .
