  if the greek knew that they could pay back the debt , they 'd do it . 
  they just simply ca n't , in the actual configuration . 
  they should have thought of that when they accepted the loan . 
  it 's simply not our problem * how * greece pays us back , only that they do . 
   looks like i have to repeat myself over and over . 
  the greeks decided that they want nothing from you , simple as that . 
  great , let 's agree on that then . 
  no more money for greece , you 're on your own . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i hope you enjoy it . 
   as you dont care that the greek youth can ` t pay your money back , so does the greek youth not give a rat ` s ass whether you get your money back or not . 
  the parents have no more money to give . 
  it 's you that want something from us , not the other way around . 
  want help ? 
  great , here are the conditions . 
  do n't like the conditions ? 
  also great , saves us a lot of money and you are on your own . 
  that means that greece runs out of money and that 's the end of it . 
  you can all go back to being farmers and fishermen and live of the land . 
  you think the austerity that the eurozone proposed is bad ? 
  just wait until reality catches up with you . 
  you still have n't explained how you are going to keep spending ridiculous amounts of money you do n't have . 
  you voted ` no ' to austerity , great , so where does the money come from ? 
  it certainly is n't coming from us . 
  maybe you can ask the russians for some , but before you do that ask the ukrainians how much better russia is to deal with than europe . 
  a doctor is private sector , not public . 
   the problem is , that the new generation has already paid enough for their parents ` mistakes . 
  if you got the memo , it was the youth that defined the referendum result . 
  do you allow the greek youth to still be proud despite being fucked up ? 
  maybe if they suffer more it will make you feel better about yourself ? 
  you sound as if this is about punishment . 
  greece has borrowed money , not the youth , not the parents , not syriza or any of the previous governing parties but greece , the country . 
  and greece , the country , needs to pay back that money . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  you talk about things that are basically internal issues , they have no relevance in this matter and we simply do not care . 
  so the younger generations blame their parents , great , then make the parents come up with the money . 
  the netherlands has this , but i do n't think we 're alone in this . 
  most atm 's allow you to select the denominations . 
  usually by entering an amount and letting you select between 3 different combinations but some also have an option where you can just specify how many of each denomination you want . 
   you pay more into the system * if you earn a higher wage * . 
  the hours you worked have nothing to do with that . 
  you pay into the pension system every month , the more months you work the more you pay into the system , does n't seem too difficult . 
  the amount you pay is a percentage of your income so people with higher wages pay more , but , there is a maximum on the income used to calculate this . 
  it 's currently at about $ 33k , so anything you make above that does n't count . 
  this means that most people will be paying at or close to the maximum rate so the only thing that really affects how much you paid is the number of months worked . 
  what if we had n't ? 
  you do n't think it would have cost us a lot more if we has let those banks go under ? 
  we should not have let banks get that big , but we did , so we 're fucked if we let them fall . 
  the end result would have been the same : the greek getting away with not paying their bills and people in other european countries suffering because of it . 
  personally i am opposed to any solution that let 's the greek get away with living beyond their means using other people 's money . 
  can we now have a poll in all other euro countries ? 
  `` should we continue to throw your tax money into the bottomless pit that is greece '' yes/no . 
    they will have to introduce another currency after the referendum and as far as i know that automatically means they get kicked out of the euro . 
   today , i vote no to their scaremongering tactics . 
  see you in a week , after you realized it was n't scaremongering and greece 's economy has crashed . 
  i mean , if you still have internet access by then . 
  europe is done with greece 's bullshit , if no wins you can bet you are on your own , a.k.a. 
  the only way out would be to get in bed with russia , and you thought dealing with europe was bad ... 
  well , it 's economics , everyone is just making shit up and guessing . 
  i wonder if the greek people will still be happy with their no vote in a weeks time . 
   how would time spent in employment alone contribute anything to a pension system ? 
  really ? 
  look at your pay stub , it says something like ( translated into english ) `` premium citizens insurance '' . 
  every month you work you pay into the countries pension fund . 
  i my case i will pay a total $ 5.972 for 2015 ( which is the maximum ) . 
   you are n't getting a higher pension for that because you 've paid so much into the system , but because everyone else agreed to pay more for your sake because you worked longer . 
  and the reason they agree to pay more is because i paid more into the system , and because i paid more the system has more money to pay , which is why they can afford to pay me more the longer i work . 
  are you greek ? 
  you seem to have difficulty with the concept that the more money you put into a pension system the more you can get out . 
  the relation between years worked and height of pension is not arbitrary . 
   you do know that greece cut government expenditures by nearly one third since the start of the crisis , do you ? 
  too little too late . 
   `` in a way '' i.e. 
  `` not at all '' there is a direct 1:1 relation between number of years worked ( and thus the amount of premiums paid ) and the amount of state pension you get . 
   but i guess it 's good enough if you want some kind of reason to feel really really outraged over those lazy greeks lazying around all day doing nothing . 
  then why is their economy so fucked ? 
  hours worked says nothing , that 's just how many hours they booked , not how much actual work is being done . 
  compare to the netherlands where we have one of the lowest numbers worked per capita ( mainly because most women work part-time ) but we have one of the highest productivities per hour worked . 
  ask around at any company outside the netherlands that employs dutch people and/or works with dutch people and they will confirm that the dutch are very hard and efficient workers . 
  we do n't like wasting time . 
   what is that supposed to mean ? 
  everyone paying into the system collectively is the entire point of a public welfare system . 
  that 's what makes it work in the first place . 
  but that 's not how it works in greece . 
  they refuse to pay taxes yet they do expect a pension after ( very early ) retirement . 
  where does this money come from ? 
  loans from the rest of europe . 
  the greek have been living above their means for decades and now they are presented with the bill they refuse to pay it and expect others to pay for them . 
  we 've had budget cut after budget cut and everybody suffered from this , especially the elderly , ill and other weaker groups in our society . 
  taxes have been raised , social security has been gutted and all because ` europe wants us to have our budget in order ' . 
  there have been endless debates on this , where to cut and who is going to suffer most . 
  yet at the same time as we 're gutting our social security to save a few billion and get our budget in order , we 're giving the greek billions in loans without question just so they can keep living above their means . 
  now , after years of cuts and raised taxes , we 're finally starting to do well and there is a little surplus ( $ 5b ) that the government wanted to use to lower taxes a little . 
  at that very moment an imf report was leaked that basically said : `` yeah you guys should give the greek $ 5b for free '' . 
  like hell we do . 
   when you retire , everyone else will pay for your retirement . 
  that only works if the people who are currently working pay taxes ( and it 's basically a pyramid scheme so we need to get rid of it asap ) , which the greek refuse to do . 
  so at the moment taxpayers from other european countries are paying for the greek 's early retirements . 
  also , retirement here is based on the amount of years worked , you get 2 % of the max pension for every year worked . 
  that means you only get the full amount if you worked 50 years ( starting at 15 until 65 ) , so in a way it * is * based on how much the individual paid .
