   you ca n't have a foreign government come to you and say `` now we rule you , your home is now ours , you obey to us cause you have debts '' . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  you might think it 's the greek government that loaned the money , but it 's not , the greek * people * as a whole had a debt . 
  the people and the government are one and the same thing . 
  if the government promises they will pay back a loan that is the exact same thing as if every single greek person would have made that promise . 
   if you do that the people will fight to free themselves . 
  so i should be able to call my bank and tell them to cancel my mortgage payments , and do n't try to foreclose on me because i might get violent ? 
  great money saving tip . 
  what you 're saying is basically that an entire group of people can take someone else 's money ( possibly under false pretences ) and then just chose not pay it back without any consequences as long as the group is big enough ? 
  the greek have stolen hundreds if not thousands of euro 's from every single european citizen , and every single one of them is morally responsible for that , as if they personally took the money out of my wallet . 
   god ... you 're like the stereotypical example of a dutchman . 
  rarely i say this , but today i am thoroughly ashamed of my country . 
  human rights suddenly are something that is expendable i 'm not saying anything like that . 
  i 'm saying human rights are an illusion , a fantasy for people who do n't live in the real world . 
  the reality is that you do n't have any rights . 
  say you 're a prisoner in guantanamo bay , you are being tortured , your ` human rights ' are being violated , what the fuck are you going to do about it ? 
  can you say `` i 'm going to take my rights wether you like it or not '' , no you ca n't , there is fuck all you can do . 
  your ` rights ' are not rights , they are privileges granted you by others when it 's convenient to them . 
  what use are rights that you ca n't enforce ? 
   countries are not companies . 
  you ca n't sell a country to pay off debts . 
  why not ? 
  what is stopping us ? 
   i think you are very narrow-minded and cruel , almost like a sociopath . 
  you need to feel more . 
  money is n't god . 
  feelings are the cause of any and all suffering in the world . 
  we need to be more rational if we want to create the best possible world . 
  this includes the hard but undeniable fact that you can only spend resources once so you better spend them where they do the most benefit . 
  this means not wasting resources on lost causes . 
   well i laughed at a number of ridiculus posts in this thread , like `` merkel is a communist '' or she 's `` the definition of demagogy '' , your post on the other hand just makes me angry . 
  mass murder is not a laughing matter , i do n't see anyone laughing . 
  how is it mass murder if you clearly state the response to their actions and they still choose to go through with it ? 
  if you tell them , repeatedly , that their boat will be torpedoed if they do n't turn around they can make up their own decision based on the facts in front of them . 
  stop patronizing them , they are still people who are responsible for their own actions . 
  defending yourself is not murder , especially if you give the enemy every opportunity to retreat . 
  do you see anyone laughing ? 
  as i understand it bud lite is light-beer , that is : diet-beer . 
  which seems weird to me as it 's marketed at men , and ` light ' products are usually marketed at women as actual men do n't give a shit about how many calories something has . 
   we need money to pay our debt . 
  default on that debt and we do n't need more austerit . 
  we just ca n't do that within the eurozone . 
  that 's is way too simplistic . 
  you also need money to pay pensions , wages , etc. 
  more importantly , you need money to trade with other countries , and since greece has a trade deficit money is flowing out of the country , not in . 
  even if there was no debt without external money there would be levels of austerity much worse than any ` yes ' vote would have required . 
   we overwhelmingly voted for no more austerity , no matter what . 
  can i ask how you expected that to go ? 
  i mean , to end austerity you need money . 
  so where would that money come from ? 
  you voted for an option that never even existed . 
  oh wow , i never thought of that . 
  i 'll inform my therapist about your revolutionary cure for autism . 
  so now it 's a human right that others pay you so you can take an early retirement ? 
   it 's bloody inhumane and authoritarian . 
  did someone ever promise it was n't going to be ? 
  greece knew the terms in advance and accepted them , now they have to keep their part of the bargain . 
  it 's that simple . 
   care to be specific about which austerity measures that would have fostered growth were demanded but refused by greece ? 
  the deal was not `` you get this money and then you pick which of the conditions that come with the money you want to implement '' . 
  it is totally irrelevant at this point if the measures would have fostered growth or not . 
  we made a deal with the greek and a deal is a deal . 
  this is no longer about what is best for greece , this is about greece not holding up their end of the bargain . 
  this is about greece being disobedient and not realizing the truth of the situation : we own you . 
  then why do you bother to even respond ? 
  why even take the time to pull some chart out of your arse if you 're not trying to make an argument in a discussion . 
  what the fuck are you doing here ? 
  oh , yes , 0.6 responsiveness . 
  that 's great . 
  it 's a meaningless number without explanation what `` 0.6 responsiveness '' actually means , how is this measured ? 
  is this how much the budget was cut in euro 's ? 
  is it the amount of budget cuts in billions ? 
  is it the number of austerity measures implemented on a 0-1 scale ? 
  what the fuck does it mean ? 
  without any additional information the chart is completely meaningless . 
  really ? 
  then what exactly are we doing here ? 
  yes , of course . 
  if you want to use a graph like that in a discussion you have to properly source it . 
  not enough people are . 
  empathy should not be a factor . 
  the only thing the chart says is that , their `` overall reform responsiveness '' is 0.6 . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  i could make an equally meaningless chart saying their asshole-factor is 3.8, 
   well , of course you can . 
  i meant it in the sense that ` you ca n't if you have an ounce of empathy ' sorry , i 'm a cruel and heartless asshole . 
   pension age went from 58 ( too low ) to 67 ( arguably too high ) . 
  you mean exactly like in other european countries ? 
  what does this graph even mean ? 
  greece scores 0.6 , 0.6 what ? 
   when the only way to ` cooperate ' is obeying your way into social and economical suicide , then they should n't have taken the money , they knew this in advance . 
   no one can blame them . 
  actually i can and do . 
  i 'm probably not the only one . 
   but either you want to help greece and really help ( which means austerity measures that foster growth and not recession ) or do n't help at all . 
  i think we 've tried that already , several times , but the greek refuse to cooperate . 
  but the greek are not just asking to modify the terms so they can pay back , they asking for more loans , while not even being able to pay back the previous one and having no intention to keep their promises . 
  why should we trust them to keep their promises now ? 
  fool me once ... 
   that 's not the problem .
