you 'd be better off moving to ireland mate . 
  it 's a default for europeans . 
  legal immunity ? 
  was n't a spanish princess brought to court for tax fraud and corruption ? 
  if i 'm not getting what you 're saying , my bad . 
  why the fuck do you keep bringing race into this ? 
  it 's has nothing to do with that . 
  white , black , blue or fucking green , they 're illegal immigrants . 
  they no no right to anything in our countries . 
  you 're the one with the straw arguments . 
  as a matter of fact , you do n't even have an argument . 
  all of your comments consist of accusing racism and acting morally superior . 
  get a brain and then come back to me . 
  until you start discussing this topic i wo n't be replying to you anymore . 
  your example is so off the mark it 's worrying . 
  the people in our hospitals are * our citizens * . 
  they live and work in our countries . 
  of course they are entitled to medical care in a hospital and it 's the country 's responsibility to provide . 
  the illegal immigrants trying to sneak into the eu are not any of the countries ' responsibilities . 
  they are not citizens of the eu . 
  they will not contribute to society when they arrive . 
  since you seem to be adamant about saving each and every human life , why are n't you in africa helping the dying there ? 
  why are n't you donating all the money you can to help these people ? 
  if you 're not there , i 'm sure you 're out every night with amnesty groups . 
  stop acting so superior . 
  you 're not above anyone here . 
  you 're just wrapped up in the romantic illusion of morality . 
  not everything is black and white . 
  no one in the eu is obligated to save these people . 
  so because somebody does n't like thousands of illegal immigrants invading their country they 're racists now ? 
  get off your high horse . 
  why are they seriously protesting against monarchy in this day and age with the current situation it 's in ? 
  they have little to no power . 
  they do n't even run the country . 
  you can go months before you remember the monarchy exists . 
  it 's irrelevant and powerless . 
  why waste your time protesting it ? 
  protest something that matters . 
  protest something that affects your life . 
  whether the monarchy exists or not has zero meaning over your life . 
  that title is a bit sensationalised . 
  and i have n't even heard of this until now and i live in the capital . 
  this is a waste . 
  this country has no black history . 
  the reason why it 's a big deal in the usa is because they * have * black history . 
  black people have lived there for generations . 
  black people here in ireland are few in number and are mostly first generation immigrants . 
  it would be a waste of money to celebrate this . 
  if you must celebrate , have a black history day . 
  or a week if a day is n't enough . 
  but if you ask me there 's nothing there to celebrate . 
  and sometimes , irish people can be a bit xenophobic , so i do n't see this being well received at all . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with european union . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  whether or not russia 's intentions during the war were good or bad is irrelevant . 
  the reality of it is russia was a huge factor in ending the war . 
  the russian war machine * did * do a thousand times more than the us . 
  to deny that because of a dislike of russia is wrong and a disrespect to the millions of dead that lost their lives to make it happen . 
  without russia i doubt the allies could have taken down germany . 
  and without russia , poland would have stayed in the nazi empire and probably would n't be around today . 
  so even though they did terrible things to poland , you ca n't deny what they did during wwii . 
  this happening has nothing to do with the church . 
  ireland is not under the church 's thumb . 
  we are a very secular country . 
  people are only registered catholic but are n't in practice . 
  the reason why this happens is because of outdated laws . 
  there just has n't been a referendum yet to change them . 
  it is n't to please the vatican . 
  if a referendum where to be held , i 'd bet abortion would pass . 
  do n't try to portray ireland on the same level as saudi arabia . 
  we are * not * a theocracy and we do n't live to please the vatican . 
  the church had a strong hold over the country in the past , resulting in laws such as the abortion law , but that 's in the past . 
  do n't try and make it out to be the present . 
  this author is irritating me . 
  making out that the church holds massive sway over the country . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  i think you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  an eu fed would be a big country . 
  it would n't be governed like regular countries . 
  if it happens i see it adopting the same governing used in the us . 
  each state ( european country as they are now ) sorts their own laws and governs as such . 
  they 'd still be able to freely decide how to run the place . 
  only the larger issues would be handled in the european parliament . 
  then you clearly do n't know much about ireland . 
  that was ages ago when i heard eurosceptic opinions all the time so it influenced me . 
  i had n't fully made up my mind about where i stand . 
  russia did influence my opinion along with china . 
  i did n't mean to imply a neat and simple future . 
  i just think it would be a better future than other possible outcomes . 
  it would help with problems that hinder countries in the eu today , and i think it would make for a better place to be . 
  on the uk and it 's nukes , the uk stores it 's nukes in scotland . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  snp have said they wo n't allow the uk to continue to store the nukes in scotland if independence is achieved . 
  there is no other base in britain equipped enough to store the tridents . 
  there would be a huge cost to establish a new base for the weapons in britain , and it would take many years . 
  up to 20 years according to the scottish affairs committee . 
  the uk would have a weakened nuclear status , and that 's why it would most likely lose it 's place in the unsc . 
  i understand , but it does n't mean i have to like it . 
  they should n't be in uefa in the first place . 
  it 's not even a guaranteed referendum , is it ?
