  fifa already said that they wo n't take it away because of that . 
  besides , in 2018 i doubt people will care as much as they do now about ukraine . 
  just look at georgia . 
  not many people give a shit anymore about what happened in 2008 , others do n't even remember it . 
  i bet by 2018 this ukraine crisis will just be water under the bridge . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i listed my reasons why i do n't think the eu will let turkey join in my comment you first replied to . 
  whether they should or should not join is a different question to the one that comes first , which is , will they be allowed in ? 
  and i do n't see that question getting a ` yes ' answer . 
  i still would n't say cyprus is in asia . 
  if you need more neutral ground , i 'd say it 's a mediterranean island . 
  and israel is not in europe geographically . 
  my points of european descent was only for cyprus . 
  yes but that does n't really have anything to with any of this . 
  no , in fact you did n't even get past the first point . 
  i know that was my bad taking the figure as all muslim . 
  but according to the turkish government 99.8 % of turkey is muslim , so even though 0.2 % is not , i doubt it would change the rounding of the number of muslims from 76m . 
  i know that 's why i did n't say ` all ' . 
  also i mention the turkish cypriots later on in the comment too . 
  yes . 
  members of the commission have said it before . 
  `` turkey is not even in europe '' . 
  if you search around for it you 'll find sources of it . 
  are you for real ? 
  re-read what i wrote because you 're * definitely understanding it wrong . 
  i did n't say anything about albania . 
  cyprus is not in asia . 
  it is dominantly christian . 
  and most of the inhabitants of cyprus are of greek descent , and it was under british control . 
  it shares a similar culture to greece . 
  it 's an island settled by europeans . 
  and while there are turkish cypriots it does n't diminish the similar culture . 
  contrast that to turkey and you see the difference . 
  also cyprus is a commonwealth country . 
  perhaps that may have had an influence in it 's membership . 
  but i was n't a member of the eu who made the decision to accept them , so i do n't know why it was accepted . 
  these reasons are my own . 
  yes , that is one of the reasons why it has n't been accepted . 
  the eu is the * european * union . 
  it 's a union of european countries not an empire . 
  and expanding into africa and middle east are things the eu would never , ever want . 
  not even to mention it makes zero sense . 
  i do n't see turkey ever joining the eu for many reasons . 
  1 : many people say turkey is not even in europe , but this is debated . 
  2 : if turkey joins the eu , that means the eu will border iraq , iran , syria , and be in the middle east and the eu wants turkey as a buffer against them . 
  3 : turkey is dominantly muslim , while europe is christian . 
  some europeans have xenophobic thoughts towards muslims as an influx of them arrives . 
  what do you think will happen when 76m muslims have free roam over most of the eu ? 
  the eu ( at least i think ) does not want a muslim country . 
  it would also greatly affect integration . 
  and the differing cultures . 
  4 : turkey is scrutinised for corruption . 
  turkey has corrupt politicians and government . 
  they are quick to ban free speech which goes against what the eu stands for . 
  see when turkey banned certain social networking sites . 
  i do n't see why the uk are even in the eu . 
  the uk and the eu have differing goals and opinions in most aspects . 
  the uk is more alined with the us than the eu . 
  if they 're just going to disagree with everyone and make a big deal of it all , just leave . 
  the brits clearly have no appreciation for even being a member of the eu themselves . 
  is it hubris and nationalism that 's driving them ? 
  fear of federalism ? 
  waiting for the most convenient time to attempt to cripple sinn fein and adams . 
  i would n't agree with that . 
  just because people do something does not mean they think it is acceptable . 
  many people having affairs know what they 're doing is wrong and unacceptable . 
  why is extramartial affairs even on this survey ? 
  obviously the universal answer is that it 's unacceptable . 
  what a waste of a question . 
  nobody in the eu wants a unified military . 
  that 's a step towards an eu federation . 
  why would anyone in the eu for that matter , even want one ? 
  and lianita is right . 
  they were foolish questions . 
  how about you get your head out of your ass and stick to the us . 
  your country is in enough shit atm . 
  i never even said my own opinion on the subject . 
  hardly anything to do with others disagreeing with me . 
  look at anything to do with an eu federation , or uniting the eu as a country and you can bet the prominent people opposing it will be british . 
  if becoming one country makes my own country better i 'd welcome it . 
  but the uk would never do it and the british are the most anti-eu people in europe . 
  it has nothing to do with disagreeing with me . 
  the only people who wo n't even consider that prospect are you stubborn brits . 
  we are reacting responsibly . 
  if the eu does n't guillotine switzerland , the rest of the eu will want to create complications with treaties since the swiss we able to pick and chose what agreements they do n't want to follow and keep the benefits . 
  if the eu does n't guillotine switzerland others such as the uk ( who is already looking for a way out of the eu ) will challenge eu treaties . 
  it is necessary and totally justified . 
  i see it as a step towards a better humanity . 
  i think it 's a sad day for humanity when children are forced to suffer unimaginable pain , unable to end it . 
  belgium has set a good example that other states should follow . 
  i think all schools here should be gaeilscoils . 
  have more gaeilge stations other than tg4 , expose the language more and i 'm sure the whole country would be fluent . 
  the reason the rest of these eu citizens can speak other languages fluently is because they start learning them in the beginning of primary school , while we wait till secondary school when it 's the wrong time to start learning another language . 
  our country 's approach to teaching language is all wrong . 
  our way of teaching irish is so outdated . 
  it 's taught so bad most irish students end up hating the language . 
  as much business as a war monger needs to create a puppet state . 
  the us has no business in ukraine . 
  you 're show of arrogance and ignorance with the situation , such as having people like nuland , is evident you have no idea what you 're doing . 
  the cold war is over .
