  we came third !, 
  we 're as bad at picking governments is what i meant . 
  this right here , this is why my country deserves nothing but shit . 
  average score is 99 . 
  i feel really , really stupid at 145 . 
  drank a lot , confused kosovo and montenegro . 
  then again , it 's hard to keep track of everyone as they leave the party amirite yugoslavia ??? 
  could n't have just called it `` pirate '' and have half the country yarring with delight , no ? 
  if anyone 's unsure about ireland 's rate seeming low , google the term `` jobbridge '' . 
  it 's an unpaid internship scam that inflates employment figures . 
  oh , and all the young people moved to canada , australia , and the uk so they 're not unemployed here anymore . 
  who needs a government when you 've got really good accountancy ? 
  ( cough ), 
  as a retailer , i ca n't wait for some awkward prick to buy something with thousands of 1c coins on the last day before they disappear . 
  wait . 
  i can think of things that are less relevant than gross salary excluding benefits , expenses , and without tax info ... ... but not many . 
  nope . 
  republic . 
  there 's a smell of catholic influence here , no ? 
  i hope that thing on russia is benign . 
  looks all rotted . 
  rich/liberal/best education/happiest connection here , maybe ? 
  so i 'm guessing you guys generally do n't need much in the way of constitutional change ? 
  ours was written by a catholic bishop so as you can imagine it causes us some ... eh ... problems . 
  well obviously that 's going to happen to those country 's anthems if they 're that colour when seen from space . 
  [ fucked with the brits a bit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_armada_in_ireland ), 
  it 's not a clear cut fairytale by any means . 
  reunification speaks to the heart . 
  partition to the head . 
  democracy overrides both , however its mood changes . 
  yeah , you lot are grand . 
  just ... yknow , stop claiming our artists ok ? 
  the spanish tried to help too ... 
  `` i will , yeah '' - irish for `` i absolutely fucking wo n't '' . 
  see also : `` fucking '' - irish for every adjective . 
  absolutely . 
  we 'll send the attack kite . 
  as an irishman , i appreciate any sport that lasts long enough to get truly drunk , while requiring minimal attention be paid during said drunkening . 
  we have a simple attitude to abandon of civic responsibilty . 
  one liner . 
  ready ? 
  `` sure it 's grand if * i * do it '' . 
  it 's not just greece . 
  us irish are nearly as bad . 
  now , let 's factor out the free internship programmes in ireland . 
  then factor in immediate emigration . 
  look at ireland . 
  those `` regions '' borders are completely fucking arbitrary, 
  of course not, 
  some of us do, 
  could n't agree more . 
  throw in a sligo to cork motorway corridor and i 'm sold . 
  sure , why not . 
  second easiest accent to comprehend the english language in , after the finns . 
  yes , that 's including the english accents . 
  what those people do to their poor letter r is appalling . 
  yeah it 's hardly the first language spoken daily by 100 % of the population though . 
  that 's our leftovers . 
  quiet you this is all we 've got !, 
  we 're trying . 
  we really are . 
  i do n't know what you mean, 
  france wo n't leave . 
  not a merry hope . 
  not quite like we do . 
  oh totally , that 's how we usually build our national football team . 
  yes we do . 
  like uber , bungie and apple have already done . 
  ... fair point . 
  long as they 're bringing cash instead of guns it 's fine, 
  oh because you guys need it . 
  how 's that now ? 
  imagine having a country nearby that already speaks english . 
  one you 've moved to in the past . 
  we 'll just be over here drinking until you arrive . 
  hi , ireland here . 
  you 're still part of britain , right ? 
  last day of the football season in the uk . 
  united match abandoned due to suspicious package . 
  edit : no , abandoned due to stupidity by security firm . 
  personal attacks to the dm are fine by me . 
  it 's a rag . 
  cambridge analytica ? 
  am i eating crazy pills or was there an article about them a couple of weeks back ? 
  anyone remember that ? 
  discussion of psychometrics replacing demographics in future pr campaigns ? 
  well that 's simply untrue . 
  both lab and con had pro leave and remain mps . 
  all those retirees . 
  all that imminently absent euro healthcare . 
  all those flights home . 
  all those elderly on the nhs . 
  thanks theresa . 
  not on its own , no . 
  we 'll have em , i guess . 
  nice username btw . 
  or here 's an idea : blame it on * both * rather than arguing on which is worse . 
  lots of poor and uneducated people , lots of guns . 
  not naturally . 
  but both the us and russia are taught to value strength from a young age .
