  by merit of being paranoid about russia and the us . 
  seventy years ago yes . 
  one lunatic despot made that decision on behalf of us all . 
  meanwhile , irish neutrality . . 
  i 'll take it . 
  got a quote ? 
  also i did n't say that . 
  i said it was shite attitude . 
  show me a left wing party that wants to keep it as is . 
  by actually collecting tax , even from all those guys enda loves blowing . 
  i 'd be surprised if the uk corporate tax rates did n't plummet . 
  nothing we can do . 
  our economy is europes credit . 
  sincerely , irish people that do n't vote conservative . 
  the single biggest contributor to the failings of the euro is a common monetary policy without tax harmonisation . 
  irish here . 
  i know we need to actually collect our tiny rate . 
  i know our tiny rate should be a little higher . 
  but guess what ? 
  we 're fucked . 
  we owe the rest of you a colossal amount of money because of the worst government idea ever , and we do n't have any home industries that we can use for growth apart from foreign direct investment . 
  so let 's compromise and remember that the guy selling single cigarettes when he should be selling taxed boxes is actually fucking skint . 
  yes , except that we have a gigantic powerhouse of an english speaking economy next door that has absolutely no eu to worry about anymore . 
  hate to say it , but her delivery is better . 
  a number of things , if i may ? 
  they 've never governed and most of their ideas are rhetoric and completely impractical e.g. 
  10e tax free minimum wage etc. 
  they spout on and on about how there should never have been a bank bailout , but fail to provide practical solutions 2 . 
  their ties to the paramilitary organisations they used to represent as their day job are still present , even if uncomfortable to address by their supporters . 
  martin mcguinnes and gerry adams are known ira members , with mcg still unwilling to say when he `` left '' the ira . 
  when a group tells you everything will be perfect with no cost and no pain despite a global economic crisis * as long as you vote for them * , you 're setting yourself up to be lied to . 
  i actually wrote a much less concise rant about this over a bottle of rum one night . 
  have a look , [ if you fancy . 
  ] ( http://blumpkine.wordpress.com/2012/05/29/just-as-irish-as-you-are-gerry-fuck-you-very-much/ ), 
  yeah , previous mallets were rubber and his is plastic . 
  the problem now is that the right wing government led by enda kenny will , at best , put a halfaloaf referendum on the table and kill it with faint praise to pander to their church taskmasters . 
  all the while , gilmore and the labour party will pretend that they did n't declare themselves a pro choice party three days ago . 
  we have the same problem as britain and the us here - our choices are right wing , further right wing , right of centre , centre , or no hoper fringe parties . 
  fair point . 
  presumably this excludes mobile browsers . 
  no safari at all ? 
  ireland is one of the worlds ten richest countries ? 
  criteria please ?? 
  do go on ... 
  only if you also want to rule out russia . 
  am i allows oppose turkey for non bigoted reasons ? 
  the word kurdistan springs to mind . 
  the ones who voted for the previous governments fucking are , yeah . 
  and the ones who borrowed beyond their means in the first place . 
  was anyone forced to borrow ? 
  er ...  in wwi , serbia lost 60 % of its male population and was left to fight alone against austria-hungary , can you remember why exactly that happened ? 
  it may have been because they were the fucker in the pub full of men carrying shotguns that got drunk and started throwing spitballs . 
   in wwii , they were one of the most persecuted people i 've got an israel , a russia , and a china that would probably disagree . 
   the breakdown of yugoslavia 's economy , which led to yugoslavia 's breakdown and to the civil war , has been at least in part caused by the usa , the west and the imf and nothing to do with one ethnic group being left in charge of a tiny , powderkeggy , communist experiment ? 
  are you actually blaming the imf for the collapse of yugoslavia ? 
  holy fucking hell , have i taken crazy pills here ? 
  you can not - can not - colour serbia as the victim in 20th century history . 
   that being said it was pretty funny to see ed miliband being booed when he mentioned some cuts had to be made this is my point exactly . 
  a lot of people are unwilling to make any sacrifice or take any responsibility for what 's happened . 
  `` why should i have to pay back a loan i shouldnt have taken out in the first place ? 
  i think they 're tiredmofmstaying home and doing nothing , which many of them would be doing anyway . 
  pointless . 
  utterly pointless . 
  theses are lifeltime non-voters that are out shouting . 
  if it wasnt austerity it 'd be something else . 
  sorry , but rent-a-mob horseshit . 
  we can all be smug now . 
  wait til the fucking resurgences start in europe . 
  remember what we used to shit out at the ballot box ? 
  only to team up on the muslims . 
  no , we have n't always been perfectly happy just bitching about each other . 
  we spent roughly 1500 years in a state of constant wars . 
  that 'll be the condition for irish assent by referendum i reckon, 
  yes but this would mark am explicit alignment that goes beyond europe unless it 's the end of nato, 
   a common policy would put us finally back into the driving seat of our own foreign and security policy . 
  no , it would put our foreign and security policy in the hands of brussels , or more realistically berlin , paris , warsaw , madrid , rome and london . 
  all of whom have long-term strategic alliance ( read : nato ) with the usa . 
  we 're not talking about throwing up a diplomatic wall of non-cooperation , this will more likely see the non-aligned states in the eu like ourselves having their hands forced by others . 
  and the nato campaigns have involved most of the same countries . 
  do you really think we wo n't be `` democratically '' led out of neutrality ? 
  this logic would put our boys in afghanistan post london and madrid bombings . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing , but you realise it means the death of our neutrality , right ? 
  two farts and a `` war on ( insert concept ) '' from nato ? 
  replace `` the us '' with `` obama '' and several states would disagree just as much . 
  `` if i can shoot rabbits , then i can shoot fascists '', 
  and my axe ? 
  eh , this is awkward . 
  i know were not allowed to say `` fuck israel '' , but ... yeah , fuck israel . 
  there 's a tendency for the irish to side with the oppressed for some reason . 
  what was the financial reason to stay six years earlier then ? 
  i was talking about ireland , and we led the collapse of the empire . 
  you guys got your independence first , thanks in no small part to the french , but after us it fell to pieces . 
  funny how you guys have a blind spot to the west nowadays ( keeps scalp of empire 's first fallen domino over the fireplace ), 
  yeah , maybe you 're right , although that song `` jerusalem '' does too, 
  and yet they tried with english popular music . 
  i do n't see any reason the army of poppinses could n't have had a bilbo , a toad , a piglet or an aslan to help fight voldemort . 
  [ and why should n't they ? 
  narnia . 
  bastards !, 
  yeah , on the whole children 's literature thing , we had potter and poppins but not a hint of narnia .
