  this would surprise me , but i 'll take your word for it . 
  with safari not there ( at all ) , i 'm going to go ahead and assume that this does n't count mobile browsing , thereby rendering the entire thing pointless . 
  and before anyone waves android usage stats at me , have a look at central europe , where apparently more people are using firefox on desktops than using idevices ? 
  no chance lads . 
  no chance . 
  i thought the term superpower referred specifically to military and diplomatic clout , both of which china has in spades ? 
  quality of life ? 
  when did we join the scandis on any quality of life index ? 
  does china count ? 
  because if so , china . 
  their culture is diametrically different to western european social norms . 
  it has to be assimilation or expulsion . 
  the only way is essex , right ? 
  that kid 's about as roma as my pasty irish arse is thai . 
  russia can not into poland ? 
  it will be filled with scumbags , trash and junkies inside a fortnight . 
  remember all the complaints about littering the beaches with cans after that week of sunshine ? 
  we are in fact actually that bad my friend . 
  you win . 
  this is the best idea ever . 
  turning the shannon 's east bank into the most desirable locale in the country and making limerick rich - cheers !, 
  consider what that underground would look like after a week . 
  nobody would go near it . 
  as your western gulf stream rain jacket , boo hoo . 
  a land border . 
  do you think for a moment that if we could go on a booze tour without flying that anyone would have ever even heard of ryanair ? 
  beamish red is lovely if you can find it . 
  that 's mostly because the echr has spent so long telling turkey it ca n't do anything that it owed them a gim me . 
  edit : and that ban was because the party was in contravention of the rules . 
  golden dawn may not be . 
  there is no connection between industry and any kind of pollution . 
  none . 
  this is all leftist propaganda , reflecting off venus . 
  uk also has a shit load of irish though . 
  til , cheers, 
  is orpheus not greek ? 
  pretty sure that 's in name only, 
  that 's russia , the quasi-fascist third world non power that lost the cold war and did n't have the diplomatic clout to protect serbia , libya , or syria , is n't it ? 
  how 's their cute little marxist experiment going these days ? 
  still , i suppose there 's always their space and nuclear programs . 
  question 4 seems to be two statements at once , and ith the french massively disagreeing with `` our people are not perfect '' ... 
  we love them really , now that things are calm . 
  for anyone that needs reminding , this does not mean we 're the same thing . 
  but mostly we think they 're cool . 
  and the uk is n't a geographical entity either , fyi . 
  yeah , there 's a difference between britain and the british isles though . 
  that 's what i meant when i said geographically incorrect . 
  britain is th e island to the east , ireland to the west . 
  both together are the british isles . 
  saying britain is the north west corner is still ignoring ireland . 
  and yes , i know , pedantic , but still part of the problem . 
  i know it 's a constant gripe of mine . 
  i know it 's pedantic . 
  but the statement that britain was the northwestern corner actually disregards that ireland is there at all , and perpetuates the myth that we 're intrinsically part of britain , geographically or politically . 
  please stop doing this . 
  enough irishmen died for it . 
  it does n't happen portugal , it should n't happen canada or new zealand , the ukrainians would n't like it and neither would the koreans . 
  we are not part of our bigger neighbour just because i ` l 's easier to pretend that only the old imperial powers exist . 
  please try to acknowledge it . 
  to be fair , at that age i was learning the importance of good handwriting . 
  shit 's changed , man . 
  it was defined by independence from outside . 
  how the hell does it have very little to do with outside ? 
  anyway , almost every country had to fight a war of independence . 
  it doesnt set us apart in the slightest . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not sure you 're supporting it particularly well though . 
  not so influential on world music not so commercially successful not so varied not so technically challenging i think , my friend , you may be showing bias towards your own specific taste as opposed to something that can be empirically proven as significant . 
  i 've no beef with your taste or irish trad , but really , how do we compare against ( say ) the us , britain , austria , germany , france , italy ... 
  what about all the former soviets and satellites ? 
  a fine achievement , but not one that sets us apart from anyone else really . 
  and then not using or making any ourselves ? 
  five examples please . 
  it 's all a bit weak though , is n't it ? 
  nothing that sets us apart from the rest ? 
  yeah , but what change has it made ? 
  the church still controls education and the state still paid the settlements to the abuse victims on the churches behalf . 
  a gesture but am empty one . 
  top three all took help from outside , and the fourth was fairly lacklustre . 
  reaching the quarter final of the 1990 world cup . 
  anybody have a better suggestion ? 
  ok the writers , but aside from that ? 
  the point you made there ... 
  i missed it . 
  i ' l take your word for it . 
  yeah see there 's the difference . 
  you ca n't really equate the ultra-orthodox with the daily , routine treatment . 
  interesting that you 'd say that with a tricolour in your flair as opposed to a union jack . 
  facefuckingpalm . 
  first i 've heard of an issue with israel treatment of women . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  seriously though . 
  lose the fucker . 
  this is the country that used to cut off their rulers heads in the street ? 
  that was so anti-authoritarian they 've had six republics ? 
  and only now is it legal to call the french president a twat ? 
  let me be the first of my people to say it , whether it 's true or not . 
  the french president ... is a bit funny looking !!!, 
  hope you 're wrong man . 
  `` this is a good day to bury bad news '' we 're going to mumble mumble filter mumble mumble internet mumble mumble nanny state hey look kate middleton 's gap just hatched !!!!!,
