  if we keeping getting bored of stories that are over a fortnight then the pricks keep getting away with it . 
  they 're banking on it , in fact . 
  see my post above for the more sensationalised version . 
  do n't worry man , checked there a bit ago and it 's pissin down again . 
  be grand . 
  yes very good , whatever you say . 
  so when do we get the money ? 
  that 's what this is about right ? 
  money for us ? 
  yeah , everyone gets an imemdiate hardon for the warrior king when he starts beating the drum . 
  lets see how they vote when their cost of living creeps upwards over the space of years due to sanctions , or get tired of russian soldiers coming home in boxes . 
  czech and slovakia used to - why not reunify ? 
  since when does it take `` blood and sadness '' to legitimise a symbol ? 
  i can almost hear the fucking violins . 
  terrible piece , entirely too emotive and one-sided with virtually no information . 
  sorry lad , moving too quick with the keyboard there . 
  my generation do n't care , and we just started having kids . 
  wow . 
  i genuinely had no idea . 
  cheers for the heads up . 
  everyones hands are dirty !, 
  no question from me . 
  if you have a poke around the ireland sub you 'll see i 'm a known anti-republican . 
  no time for that shite , it 's not worth a drop of blood of me or my family or anyone else 's . 
  speaking for the vast majority , it 's over . 
  personally i think it 's good that we 're all geting on ok now , and while there 's still a bit of slagging goes on i think at this point it 's mostly harmless . 
  mostly . 
   `` if you remove the english army tomorrow and hoist the green flag over dublin castle , unless you set about the organization of the socialist republic your efforts would be in vain . 
  england would still rule you . 
  she would rule you through her capitalists , through her landlords , through her financiers , through the whole array of commercial and individualist institutions she has planted in this country and watered with the tears of our mothers and the blood of our martyrs . '', 
  had n't read that one before . 
  actual goosebumps . 
  take brussels out of the picture and this pretty much came true . 
  a fair analysis i suppose , although the method by which this stands as most effective was the martyrdom , and that certainly was n't in the original plan . 
  oglaigh na heireann is not a term used by the irish military to describe itself , afaik . 
  in fact it 's a name used by a republican splinter group . 
  edit : apparently i 'm wrong ? 
  lesson learned . 
  should 've waited til the armed and experienced irish in the trenches were home , then made a move . 
   to be fair , i think we all knew that there was serious urban combat between the irish and the british in ireland during the early and middle 20th century . 
  we were just a bit ignorant of the details . 
  no , there was n't , there was one specific instance in 1916 and then the war of independence , which was fairly small scale too . 
  aside from that you 've the dublin bombing in 1978 which we all know featured british collusion with unionist paramilitaries . 
  and if you think that massive events ( which these werent , outside the scope of our little island ) do n't get ignored in the modern era , you 're insane . 
  or would you like to give me the latest news from any country in africa ? 
  without googling , right now , tell me something that happened in africa this week ? 
  my mistake, 
  they were on , but nothing was on fire this time yesterday ... 
  with yanukovich effectively a puppet of the russian government , and with 20 odd countries fleeing russian control less than 25 years ago , i have to ask - is there some reason russian foreign policy does n't discriminate between `` friends '' and `` lunch '' ? 
  edit - friend , you should really do an ama . 
  aha , my apologies , did n't understand at first . 
  eh ... jesus , that sucks . 
  to be fair , i do n't think any chart with 16 c as the `` oh my god high '' is being a fair representation . 
  it 's cold up north , that 's about the bones of it . 
  edit : understand now , thanks for clearing up . 
  ireland - scandals all over the place with charity directors getting huge money for bonuses , golden handshakes etc. 
  all within the health services . 
  they actually tend to vote them into power . 
  look up the word `` tories '' . 
  none of them occupying forces though , really . 
  not like the english themselves everywhere they went !, 
  so your rebellion was to temporarily disrupt your own royal lineage ? 
  high five !, 
  consider the englishman s colleagues , who spent hundreds of years rebelling against england . 
  now consider the incredibly non rebellious nature of england . 
  nobody to rebel against !, 
  wan na guess where it got it 's name ? 
  same three chaps are playing at a traditional music festival in london . 
  the irish fella shouts `` should we hear a few irish rebel songs ? '', 
  to raucous cheering from all the nearby spuds . 
  he does a few tracks and leaves the stage for a pint . 
  next up is our scotch friend , grabs the mic and shouts `` how aboot scotch rebel songs , eh ? '' . 
  the crood goos waild , and a good time is had by all . 
  finally paddy englishman puts down his monocle and asks if anyone would like to hear an english rebel song . 
  the crowd are somewhat bemused but , being english , eternally polite , and invite the fellow to proceed . 
  he clears his throat and makes for the stage . 
  `` robin hood , robin hood , riding through the glen ... '', 
  the norns ? 
  as in , they have sterling and the nhs . 
  they 're really better off not being part of the leaky spud . 
  ha no thanks . 
  train wreck . 
  anyway , they 're better off as they are . 
  same story for ourselves and the lads next door . 
  making it a positive regardless of tense but still not the word yes . 
  [ original ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1q73ay/what_europe_would_look_like_if_every_separatist/ ), 
  9.65 for 20 . 
  taking tobacco causes - death it really does n't translate well . 
  bear in mind , we do n't have a word for yes . 
  we have `` ta '' , which is a prefix for a sentence denoting a positive state ( eg ta me go maith , or `` i am good/well '' ) , but not yes . 
  to ireland ? 
  how does an elected , non hereditary role count as monarchy ? 
  edit : lads , absolute rule does n't = monarchy . 
  what you 're trying to name is a democratic dictatorship . 
  no inherited roles = no monarchy . 
  edit2 - yes it appears i was wrong . 
  gratz 's comment below links to a video that clears this one up . 
  til . 
  honestly expected luxembourg to score more highly on forest . 
  yeah , i feel awful about this now .
