  yeah , i 've heard that happening not far away and frankly i 'm not too fond of the idea but i genuinely do n't know why it 's not begun here yet, 
  i live in a country with a tiny , tiny muslim population compared to most of europe and i must say , there 's pretty much never any trouble - at all - from them . 
  best to ask a frenchman or belgian . 
  what 's the big island off the south of ireland ?? 
  ok , sure . 
  let 's all agree this could work . 
  just one thing - who exactly wants to write the history syllabus ? 
  how about : the celtic league , also starring but most certainly not run directly from suvvehn engerlund, 
  the comment i was replying to up above was saying `` do n't give out about the us , they 're an important trade partner etc etc '', 
  perhaps . 
  but the idea that the us gets carte blanche because theyre important ? 
  weak as piss for a fella that dodges a question . 
  carry on . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't see indignation about spying on supposed brothers in arms as being incorrect or in any way life threatening . 
  third time now i 've asked . 
  no reply ? 
  it 's not argument ad absurdum . 
  your premise is that this is ok because a. others do it and b. it 's in our interest to compromise our ethics in the face of pragmatism . 
  i want to know where - for you personally - the line is drawn ? 
  the others that are doing it anyway do n't do it under the guise of an ally . 
  if the americans found french espionage in manhattan they murks would already be changing the name of everything back to `` freedom '' . 
   france does it too and they were also doing it when they were considered the ` heart of the eu ' and i 've heard the eu referred to repeatedly as france 's brainchild . 
  is france guiltless in all of this ? 
  are they as equally condemned in / r/europe ? 
  strangely not . 
  it 's the same old anti-usa and the-uk-isn ` t-european circlejerks . 
  france gets carte blanche . 
  the french predominantly went home without having to be expelled . 
  not completely , but predominantly . 
  also the french colonies were always given higher social status within france than the british . 
   i do n't support the monitoring ( neither am i going to lose years of my life from raised blood pressure to be frank ) , but giving the americans the bird over this is just idiotic . 
  what will it achieve ? 
  we 'll feel good about ourselves and then what ? 
  will the spying stop ? 
  oh we 'll have asserted ourselves on the international stage . 
  ok . and what ? 
  we 're a trade bloc with no avenues to trading partners ? 
  the brics see us as competition . 
  if they can trade amongst themselves to get ahead of the eu then they 'll do exactly that . 
  and now europe wants to sever ties with the us , with whom we have substantial historical and cultural capital ? 
  this is a negotiating position for the eu like any other diplomatic `` incident '' . 
   do you want to know what will happen ? 
  or should happen if eu politicians would stop popping ideology viagra for five minutes ? 
  they could jump in bed with the whole scandal using the link offered with the uk 's involvement , and i think they will . 
  put pressure on france and the uk so that all eu governments can use their systems and see what happens then . 
  let 's see the european project weather the storm of soured diplomatic relations at the very ` heart ' . 
  besides , you think the russians and the chinese are n't doing the exact same thing ? 
  this is just a part of the information age , mate . 
  i would not at all be surprised to learn that all governments are trying to develop something as sophisticated and intelligent as prism . 
  you want to fight it for the sake of it ? 
  go ahead , but all you 'll do is knock yourself out . 
  churchill would be proud of you . 
  it 's unethical , it 's invasive , it 's illegal and it 's wrong . 
  why the fuck should they not object ? 
  because we all make money off the bastards doing it ? 
  how far does that line go ? 
  human rights ? 
  where 's the line for you , personally , that the us should be allowed get away with because they 've a dollar in our mouths while their cock 's up our arse ? 
  well given your country 's involvement ( and historical taste for going where it doesnt belong ) i 'm not surprised you 'd expect the little people to shut up and take it from the empire . 
  well known for it too . 
  not us . 
  sober , we are . 
  and all of us will , welcome to the party !, 
  totally !, 
  everything 's been a win-win for the eu and the euro since it started !, 
  nothing has gone wrong . 
  at all . 
  nope . 
  welcome !, 
  ( em ... you do know how things have been going over here , right ? 
  you do ? 
  ok , that 's good . 
  just checking ), 
  noted and noted and noted !, 
  was drunk when i wrote this . 
  did n't know about basque , thanks for the correction !, 
  if i may be so bold ? 
  * irish is apparently the oldest written language in europe , if not the world . 
  * in the first half of the 20th century and end of the 19th , we were basically shitting great writers . 
  joyce and shaw would be the two to start with , but if you 're feeling a bit rambunctious have a quick dip into the playwright casey . 
  * the weather is grey and wet approximately 48 weeks a year , with 2 weeks of sun and 2 weeks of colder than usual . 
  this is because we are europe 's rain hat . 
  you 're welcome , kent !, 
  * the craic is indeed mighty , however as you get older it stops being the most important thing in the world . 
  when that happens , ireland loses its shine just a huge bit . 
  * many places purport to be cities ( including my hometown ) . 
  dublin is the only sizeable city by any other place 's standards . 
  it 's also got the highest crime rate and the most bicycles !, 
  * that scenic green business ? 
  that 'd be the west coast . 
  have a look , but do n't wait for good weather because if you do that around here , you 'll never get anything done . 
  * no , really , that 's how much a pint of beer costs . 
  yes , we still drink more of it than anyone else ( apart from our friends the czechs , i believe ? ), 
  * you 've not seen any of our tv shows or movies . 
  sadly fr ted was produced in britain . 
  * we 'd probably be just as broke if the global economy had n't imploded , but we 're doing the best we can to make the most of having an excuse for borrowing all the money from the rest of you . 
  * there are only 5 million of us . 
  no mention of jobs , control of natural resources , social responsibility , science , the arts ... you are one of us . 
   certainly consider themselves `` catholic '' ( more as an ethnic/cultural marker than anything else ) .
