pleaded, 
  or the m50 . 
  remember that ? 
  not if you avoid them the right way . 
  our income tax is actually staggeringly low . 
  expect it to drop in an attmept to buy your vote this winter too !, 
  ^ unless ^ you ^ smoke ^ or ^ drive ^ or ^ drink ^ or ^ eat ^ or ^ anything . 
  nah , your lot would have kept us in . 
  large trade partners and all that . 
  but we 'd have had no choice in sacrificing the corporation tax . 
   irish people were never charged for water . 
  irish people are now being charged for water . 
  this is n't true . 
  irish people 's water system was paid for using tax . 
  rather than increase income tax , there 's a separate charge being set up . 
  and it 's not the water , it 's the system of delivery that 's being charged for . 
  the irish water system is not fit for purpose . 
  our current government , rather than increase income tax and lose votes , have decided to set up a barely-overseen , crony-run semi-state body to charge what they want when they want for as long as they want . 
  da payple are unhappy at having to pay for anything . 
  da gubamiiint are doing necessary work in aun unbelievably incompetent and unpopular way . 
  cue dissent . 
  i 'm assuming you 're american , so when you got the pot of gold did you shoot it or eat it ? 
  edit - ca n't see nationality from mobile , but nationalist ? 
  you probably tried to kill the gold because it was n't silver enough . 
  this actually happens when you go to any european countries . 
  every time . 
  you need to google again , son . 
  bloody sunday was when the english fired into the crowd at a gaa match during the war of independence . 
  theterm 's been re-used . 
  er . . bloody sunday ? 
  they could n't even get the leaders . 
  mcdowell , o cuiv , bruton and kevinfuckingmyers . 
  that one 's unquestionable , surely . 
  exactly . 
  there 's a lot of `` what if '' going on at the moment , given that the scots are likely to break away without firing a shot . 
  did you happen to see last night 's prime time on the topic ? 
  a stunning array of incredibly dislikable figures , but interesting chatter all the same . 
  rather not . 
  absolutely correct . 
  true , and that 's free state / republic gradual freedom stuff , but absolutely nothing defined us as gaining independence in 1816, 
  i do n't believe it is , necessarily , no . 
  ireland 's rising in 1916 and war of independence actually had a remarkably low loss of life and infrastructure given the reasonably modern level of britain 's abaility to kill the shit out of things 100 years ago . 
  the effective invention of guerilla terrorism by collins is what won that war . 
  creative warfare . 
  that was n't the initial rising , either . 
  ask the earls , sarsfield , wolfe tone ... 
  1916 was a a failed rising , and if were counting those , ireland has one roughly every fifty years . 
  1921 for independence . 
  edit or 1948 , etc. 
  but not 1916 . 
  really . 
  was this not posted about a week ago ? 
  bout 11 years ago , myself and some friends from college were on a booze cruise in paris . 
  last night of proceedings , on the way back to the hotel and we get into the car with your stereotypical cranky parisian driver as per the above . 
  as we 're about to get out he mutters `` fifteen euro '' . 
  we 're doing the pocket shrapnel fumble , and he says `` you are english , yes ? '', 
  naturally we look horrified and say `` no , we 're irish ! '', 
  no lie . 
  the mirrors only have to be produced once . 
  the byproducts of nuclear are produced constantly . 
  well , there 's the state broadcaster that exists almost entirely as a rehash of bbc news online and government propaganda domestically , there 's the network of print media outlets that belongs to our version of rupert murdoch and does n't cover stories he does n't like , and there 's a relatively ok newspaper called the irish times that is n't entirely awful . 
  yeah , putin 's the bad guy . 
  sure . 
  look at merkel . 
  ca n't you tell what she 's thinking ? 
  i sure am glad no us contractor would ever supply out-of-control lunatics with huge weapons . 
  oh we know . 
  you do n't think italy 's status 3 years ago as `` too big to bail '' was a problem for the eurozone ? 
  you do n't think italy may have been responsible for that problem ? 
  oh we knew . 
   most important and well functioning not going to have a pop at an entire nation , as i think that 's a classless move ( unless we 're talking about the yanks , amirite europe ??? 
  j/k ) . 
  that said , i 'd love to hear how you see italy as the most important and well functioning state in the eu . 
  particularly given the levels of sovereign debt and corruption , do you really rate italy 's national functionality ( for want of a better term ) ahead of the uk ? 
  and there i was worrying that putin had lost his mind . 
  anyone else picturing putin as a child , putting on his mother 's dress and a wig and insisting that the family call him dmitri ? 
  there may be more than one reason to laugh . 
  sure what 's the point of having the uber-liberal classless society if you do n't fucking laugh about it ? 
  no , it would n't . 
  it would quickly turn into a clusterfuck the likes of which you ca n't even conceive . 
  wan na try and compare it for scale against europe from christ to fifty years ago ? 
  well yeah , but then again , new jersey has n't fought 5-10 wars against new york , has it ? 
  i do , and i still do n't care . 
  i see questionnaires and survey being used to manipulate the truth during peacetime . 
  i see every possible avenue of propaganda being used during wartime . 
  this has the potential to be both . 
  i mean , i 'm glad that people are holding sources up to scrutiny to the degree you 're talking about , sure . 
  i 'm just saying that everyone 's a fucking liar . 
  course not . 
  i 'm in firm tinfoil hat paranoia mode for this conflict i 'm afraid . 
  poll : 100 % of polls on this topic extremely suspect . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  ** ireland ** turns out that as more and more revelations are made about the level of police corruption , there 's a fairly good chance that a large amount of rather nasty criminals will have their cases reviewed because their conversations with lawyers while in police stations were illegally recorded . 
  as far back as the 80s . 
  we do n't have many murderers and rapists here , but luckily it looks like we 're about to have a lot more on the street . 
  oh the minister in charge ? 
  no no , his boss got the head cop to resign , so he 's safe again . 
  in other news , latest opinion polls show that despite everyone fairly loathing them and having far less than 50 % support , the current largest arty in the state ( yes , the same ones from the last story ) , will be the largest partner in any viable coalition at the next election . 
  hurrah !, 
  no , y ` see , that 's the problem right there .
