  long overdue . 
  i 'm looking at you , motorways and farmers . 
  wow . 
  i really expected us to be leeching more than that . 
  look at the replies i 've got , tell me it would have been thrown at a german . 
  cunt , potatoes , ingrates for bailouts . 
  first bit of fact i 've seen in here . 
  both below 50 % might i add . 
  clearly i 've been misunderstood . 
  i was attacked for supposedly confusing england and britain . 
  my point was that the antieu sentiments seem to be coming predominantly from english political heavyweights . 
  like i said , i might be wrong , that 's just how it looks . 
  so far i 've been called a cunt , told ireland is a slave race , and plenty besides . 
  have a read through the thread , tell me how it all looks to you . 
  you 've provided no evidence of any kind of anything you 've said . 
  care to try ? 
  i have absolutely no hatred for english people , although british people are lining up to attack what i 've been saying in this thread . 
  wonder if it 's something to do with where i 'm from ? 
  i 'm not at all ungrateful . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i 've spent my entire adult life railing against the political party that caused our complete ( and i mean complete ) systemic inability to deal with the global economic crisis when it landed . 
  this country was mismanaged for a long , long time . 
  it 's probably still being mismanaged . 
  that 's fuck all to do with british indecision about eu membership , or french attitude towards it . 
  it 's actually disappointing how easy it is to get pilloried by brits even to this day on this here site by saying anything critical of the uk while wearing a tricolour flair . 
  really thought we were past the `` imperial might doesnt need you lesser races '' shit . 
  you 're a piss-poor troll , even as trolls go . 
  how 's about 100 % of welsh first ministers ? 
  i 'll be back for the rest of it , particularly the parts where you accused me of supporting racial divides . 
  for now , have a look at welsh support for eu membership . 
   no it 's fucking not . 
  as unhappy as i am to say it , eu support polls barely any higher if any at all in wales and scotland . 
  not sure about ni but i suspect the same . 
  you said it yourself . 
  the pm is english , the head of ukip is english . 
  my understanding is that support for eu membership is higher in scotland than england , but do either of us have numbers to support this ? 
   no , it 's the british . 
  if we have a referendum then we all get a vote . 
  correct , unless of course scotland leaves . 
   that 's like saying our position is predominantly dictated by women because we have more men than women - that is , utterly retarded . 
  you talk as if you 're discussing 4 monolithic beings , you 're not , you 're talking about 62 million british people spread around 4 different countries . 
  i am talknig about 4 monolithic identites , three of which have their own governments to differing degrees . 
  the united kingdom is by no means the single , unified entity it was 100 years ago and you know it . 
   because britain is awesome . 
  pulitzer-winning stuff . 
  genuinely asking here , if you can try to remain civil for a sentence or two , what is it about being british that means so much to you ? 
  do you genuinely not see it as being `` more english '' ? 
   ok , fine , from the outside ireland seems like potatoes and indiganance , and very little more , and i have fuck all idea why northern irish republicans are in such a rush to jump from the uk into that . 
  perhaps we both lack experience in the respective countries , eh ? 
  and now you 've jumped into bitter , pointless racism . 
  well done . 
  of course , you didnt go for the obvious `` drunk '' stereotype , did you ? 
  no , a scot would n't stoop that low . 
  potatoes though , that 's fair game . 
  this sentence shows you to be a moron . 
  ni republicans are equally stupid imho , the north is better off as part of the uk . 
   no , fuck that - it 's not semantics . 
  you talk about england then you talk about britain . 
  they 're not the same fucking thing . 
  britain is three countries , uk is four countries . 
  england is just one part of that . 
  didnt say they were n't . 
  go back and read the original post . 
  so most of the bitching about europe seems to come from the english , no ? 
  thanks for the clarification , was badly needed . 
  tell me , is it the scottish , welsh or english pm that promised the referendum ? 
  the leader of ukip is from which part of the uk ? 
  your post is actually dripping with idiocy . 
  it 's messing up my keyboard . 
  fuck off before i 'm forced to laugh at you some more . 
  no union jacks there either . 
  hell , you people ca n't even hang on to scotland for much longer . 
  the british empire - england , wales , gibraltar and the falklands . 
  terrifying !, 
   hopefully go ask your bosses . 
  normally i would n't descend to this , but ... how 's about shut the fuck up or we 'll end your empire all over again ? 
  we determined our own fate when we sent you home in the 20s . 
  remember ? 
  just before everyone else also sent your soldiers home ? 
  you glorified fucking us missile base ? 
  seriously though , petty is n't cool man . 
  this is less to do with the french wanting the english to leave and more to do with the french being as sick as the rest of us hearing the english bitch about not leaving while half staying . 
  seriously , britain , shit or get off the fucking pot . 
  i 'm almost relieved there is n't one according to us . 
  let me give you the summary : england - bastards scotland - not so bad germany - landlord everywhere else - who ? 
  i believe this is old population data for the roi . 
  haha !, 
  suck it , mozambique !, 
  height limits tend to be different for genders . 
  i 'm thinking here about police forces . 
  different but fair . 
  it 's actually really not . 
  consider height requirements for armed service . 
  well that 's certainly true , and should n't be encouraged . 
  surely there are circumstances that require different treatment though , while respecting equal rights ? 
  just throwing it out there, 
  why exactly is it a bad thing that people get treated differently based on gender ? 
  the genders are different . 
  equal of course , but different . 
  hurrah !,
