  this may be the true meaning of catholic in 80 % of irish people 's eyes , which actually translates to `` not protestant anyway , right ? '', 
  drug use is treated instead of prosecuted edit : changed `` abuse '' to `` use '' , do n't know what came over me to begin with . 
  thanks bananomgd . 
  can anyone explain what `` miscellaneous '' , `` electronic equipment '' and - best of all i thought - `` technology '' are ?? 
  fucking disgraceful . 
  as you do with germany ? 
  london has more internet traffic than anywhere else in the world , so that arfument does n't really hold up . 
  opposition party calling `` coup '' . 
  slightly reckless move methinks . 
  the jedi were as much to blame ( selfcringe ), 
  you certainly do come off as a prick . 
  thanks for making assumptions that i did a `` nice easy '' ( you arrogant arsehole ) arts degree . 
  bachelor of engineering , as it happens . 
  do i live up to your standards now ? 
   highest growth rate you know that `` fastest growing '' is marketing for `` smallest '' , right ? 
  anyway , it 's nowhere fucking near where we should be . 
  we have the fucking atlantic wall !!, 
   where is this oil of which you speak ? 
  because i 've certainly never heard of any proven oil reserves in ireland . 
  off cork , as discovered last year , and somehow little o reilly managed to get his hands on the drilling rights for all of it . 
  imagine my shock . 
   what fisheries were sold ? 
  ireland gave up its exclusive fishing rights to the sea around ireland when it joined the eu , which was of much greater economic benefit than a few tonnes of cod . 
  ireland never made any attempt to use its fishery zone ( or claim rockall ) since we joined the eu . 
  another natural resource squandered . 
   wave and tidal power are still experimental technologies . 
  and given our location we should be the home of both . 
   ca n't work because they are studying full time . 
  kentucky fried royal bullshit my good man . 
  i worked 5 nights a week , 5 hours a day in manufacturing in the evenings after college and got my degree . 
  it 's possible , just less readily available nowadays . 
   2013/2014 will be the real test of ireland 's economy because are getting the first wave of graduates who predominately chose to pick up stem subjects in response to the recession as opposed to the droves of lawyers and accountants we used to get . 
  what 's your basis for this ? 
  far as i can see , having gone to college ten fucking years ago , there were plenty of stem graduates for a long , long time . 
  law and accountancy have always been low class size courses . 
  sir , i call bullshit on your replies . 
  good day . 
  just shows you how badly this place is being run . 
  natural wind power ? 
  unused . 
  fisheries ? 
  sold . 
  wave and tidal power ? 
  unused . 
  oil ? 
  sold . 
  gas ? 
  sold . 
  ca n't imagine why our rate is so much higher than everyone around us despite natural economic advances . 
  did i mention the vast food production ? 
  the absence of war , dangerous animals , regular natural disasters ? 
  yes folks , ireland has squandered it all , and now we 're coming to work in your country . 
  god ? 
  she 's got no place here , she tends to want to do shit . 
  here 's how an uprising in ireland would go , in order : 1 . 
  ( probably ) sinn fein organising protests against some `` awful '' idea like , oh , i dunno , money being spent on hospitals or something 2 . 
  shatter deciding to wave his ministerial cock in everyone 's face , telling the gardai to `` crack down '' 3 . two or three of the real and rare dickheads in the force actually hurting anyone , before realising that they aru has about 20 members and nobody has riot gear 4 . 
  a few young scobes smashing a few windows thinking it 's great craic , before getting bored and going back to facebook 5 . 
  everything settlnig back down and every geriatric in rte saying the whole thing is `` probably twitbooks fault , with their gamestations and their sexboxes and their iphones and highphones '' 6 . 
  everything carrying on as it always does and ireland continuing to barely make its way into what the rest of the nw corner of the globe called the 1960s . 
  for the most part , occupy has taught us that this is not going to happen west of ( at best ) berlin . 
  meanwhile , in the mystical land of no land borders , last place . 
  so he 's all for nationalism when it 's his nationalism , but when he takes the kind of abuse that immigrants take from his supporters he feels oppressed ? 
  i do n't give a fuck whether it 's hard right or hard left , there 's a pattern of extremists not being able to take what they dish out . 
  abortion 's back on the table . 
  it 's about to get very very heated here in the spud . 
  i 'd like to take this opportunity to ask our green army in london to keep an ear out in case of referendum . 
  we 're going to need your help . 
  really thought iraq would hold on to that record for a while . 
  i 'm really sorry about this , my snarky above reply was meant for another thread on another login . 
  we never had either . 
  6 % of this country 's workforce was always excluded for the unemployment rate due to being `` unemployable '' . 
  severely disabled , alcohol and drug dependants , anyone past 10 years out of work . 
  the numbers were cooked as fuck and do n't ever believe otherwise . 
  also , i 'm intrigued by this mythical low crime rate you 're talking about ? 
  so nostalgia for communism is inversely proportional to proximity to germany ? 
  i 'll fucking say it so . 
  muslims . 
  muslims do n't like women . 
  muslims do n't respect women . 
  muslims are misgynistic . 
  not all of them . 
  not only muslims . 
  but boom , stereotype based in fact . 
  and you know what ? 
  christians historically do n't like women either . 
  it 's got better , but it used to be just as bad if not worse . 
  not ireland . 
  we 're busy this weekend . 
  does the `` external imbalances '' page mean that , having gone back across the 0 line , the irish deficit is now a surplus ? 
  several generations deep , they do n't get called immigrants anymore . 
  especially when the cheese went off a month ago . 
  yeah , i hear you . 
  it 's just a bit short sighted to equate all that with intelligence . 
  i know plenty of great unqualified minds . 
   but it 's correct to assume that the people who speak english are on average ** more broadly educated ** than those who do n't . 
  ftfy . 
  why 3 years for the states and only one for europe ? 
  i smell selective statistics , and i 'm not willing to believe that my home country has at any point anywhere near the murder rate of the us . 
  context ?
