  arbitration is arbitration , it 's not a ` secret court ' in the way that you are thinking of it . 
  come back when philip morris wins that case . 
  as it is , they have initiated a case , which they are perfectly entitled to do , but certainly no lawyer i know thinks they will win . 
  you have to find examples of a company * winning * a ridiculous case . 
  at the moment , complaining that they can raise one is akin to saying that murder laws should be scrapped because an innocent person was charged but acquitted of murder ... 
  but there 's obviously no problem if they do n't win . 
  companies can sue nations over anything already in domestic courts . 
  all that matters is whether they win ... 
  literally right there :  the case is still in progress , but is yet another example of the dangers of including investor-state dispute settlement ( isds ) in trade agreements such as the trans-pacific partnership ( tpp ) . 
  come back when veolia win . 
  no one has yet actually presented a grossly unjust case where the state actually lost - they have only pointed to cases that are currently ongoing . 
  they 're not equally valid . 
  when something is the norm and is well established as the way that it works , and there is absolutely no evidece to the contrary , then it is delusional to claim that a fact contradicting that status quo is true without any evidence whatsoever . 
  you have n't even quoted from the bloody leaked documents to show that there is * any * basis to your claim . 
  the queen is n't as informed as a sophisticated machine of politicians and civil servants and has no democratic mandate , so nah . 
  so what you 're saying is that you 've completely made it up . 
  my informed view , as someone who works in this field , is that what you just said * never happens * . 
  you are saying that it is impossible to know anything because the text is secret , i.e. 
  you are just making shit up . 
  so we have your ` it literally could be anything because its secret so what if arbitral tribunals could overturn laws ' against my ` this never happened before and , in my view never will ' . 
  well certainly the people on here only seem to be arguing from a position of willful ignorance , making no effort to actually construct anything approaching a proper argument . 
  so , i 'd kind of rather the politicians make the law to be honest . 
  all ` trying ' ` suing ' . 
  come back when you have an example of a ludicrous case that a company actually won . 
  ... and the sovereign states , in this case , want to be bound by investment arbitration procedures and are negotiating a treaty to do just that . 
  so , as you have just explained , they are completely entitled to make that binding commitment so everything is completely fine with arbitration . 
   ttip pr team my god , you 've now crossed the line into delusional shill accusations . 
  this place is like r/conspiracy sometimes i swear ... 
  i did n't even have an opinion on ttip until i saw how much shit people are making up about isds and confidential negotiations . 
  now , i kind of just support it because i do n't want to be on the side of the lunatics who are parroting everything they 're told without actually understanding any of it . 
  how many bloody times do half the people on this sub have to explain to the other half that treaties are always negotiated confidentially , just like any important agreement , because they obviously have to be otherwise we would n't have any treaties at all !, 
  i feel like the people making this point are all 15 year olds who have read enough reddit to understand terms but do n't actually understand how things work in reality ... 
  which is why they are a bunch of morons . 
  to apply some form of the system between the u.s. and the eu ... 
  it is n't like a global regime that automatically covers every country in the world . 
  states have to bilaterally agree on the arbitration clause . 
  quite . 
  one of the big criticisms of arbitration is that it 's quite a small community with certain arbitrators who do a vast number of cases . 
  but then , that 's the same as domestic judges . 
  see , where has that come from ? 
  where does anything say that an arbitration tribunal will be able to reverse domestic laws ? 
  i 'll give you an answer - that has never , and will never , happen . 
  my point is that investment arbitration clearly is not the apocalypse that many believe it to be since it already operates and is not inherently evil or anything . 
  so those complaining about it in ttip need to actually explain why this specific arbitration clause would be detrimental , rather than scream on about secret courts and evil ` corporate judges ' . 
  we already have it , and germany has more bilateral investment treaties containing isds provisions than any other country . 
  and the world has n't ended , right ? 
  everyone already has isds !, 
  it 's incredibly common . 
  everyone who understands it wants isds . 
  it 's a common procedure that has operated for ages , and has mostly been used to protect european investors in politically unstable countries . 
  basically all it does is take the judicial decision making process out of politics completely and makes it harder to fuck over foreigners . 
  for instance , a country could invite in some , let 's say german investors who put billions into the country , then pass a law expropriating that investment and giving no compensation to the germans , essentially stealing billions from them . 
  the courts of this country ca n't do anything because it is law that they have to follow , and thep german courts ca n't do anything because they do n't have jurisdiction . 
  so , germany makes a treaty with the other country to say that if the germans ' investment is expropriated without compensation then they can set up a tribunal in a third state to decide if the germans were unfairly discriminated against . 
  importantly , there is no recourse to the tribunal unless there has been discrimination !, 
  so the country 's laws have to have specifically targeted foreigners ( or something only foreigners do in their country ) . 
  if environmental regulation forces domestic companies to close as well as foreign companies then there is no issue - that 's just non-discriminatory treatment . 
  these procedures have existed for decades . 
  the london court of international arbitration , the icc court of arbitration in paris , and the international centre for the settlement of investment disputes in dc are all venerable and well regarded institutions that have been operating for absolutely ages . 
  it 's fine to critique arbitration , but it very much exists for a reason so perhaps you ought to educate yourself at least on what it actually * is * before dismissing the whole idea in a sentence . 
  dude , it would be literally impossible to negotiate a treaty like this in public and it 's never done . 
  i suspect that you know this and are simply opposed to the idea of free trade with america , so are using this entirely unremarkable detail to hammer it with . 
  however , since the fact that secret negotiations are both a ) necessary ; and b ) completely normal forgive me for waiting to see the actual text of the thing before making a decision . 
  if the final text contains provisions that will significantly weaken consumer protection and regulation within the eu then i will be the first to sign a petition against it . 
  i suspect that it will not , but we have to wait and see what the final text actually says before getting all frothy mouthed and swivel eyed about it . 
  well , journalists should definitely read the entire texts . 
  but not * only * journalists . 
  surely you would agree that in an ideal world we would all read it all and form our own views ? 
   ttip is a trade agreement designed to increase trade revenue by allowing the sale of products that are currently banned in the eu . 
  source ? 
  here was me thinking it was about opening up investment and reducing tariffs . 
  you are talking about a part of ttip ( really the only part ) which is of great concern to me , but by making ridiculous unsourced statements like this you lose a lot of credibility . 
  paging / u/savannajeff - he is very good on this . 
  basically , investment arbitration is already quite common and is unlikely to suddenly become an evil force . 
  i work in arbitration but will withhold my judgment on ttip until it is eventually released . 
  if you are interested in the basics , then [ see wikipedia , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement ) although the ` debate ' section is heavily biased against arbitration at the moment . 
  everyone wants to give their own version of events , but the fact is that noone actually knows what it will contain . 
  the anti-ttip campaign has kind of misunderstood a lot of what is going on too . 
  for instance , people complain about ` investor-state dispute settlement ' as being a kind of evil supranational process that corporations can use to extract lots of money from governments , when the reality is that investment arbitration is already a common way of solving disputes , and is freely entered into by governments . 
  me , i think i am going to be in favour of it because , despite being quite left wing , i work in international law and commerce and think it is likely to be quite sensible . 
  it might not be either , and i will change my view on certain parts of it if i do n't think that they make sense in the final version . 
  but the fact is that it has not been negotiated yet , we do n't * really * know what it will contain , and anyone who claims to tell you otherwise is listening too much to media sensationalism . 
  you 're not hearing much pro-ttip noise yet because no one who is likely to be in favour of it ( businesses , lawyers , manufacturers ) actually know what it will contain yet and so are withholding judgment . 
  no one really seems to care about it in the city of london yet . 
  currently , a group of sensationalists are making a lot of the wikileaks stuff and the fact it is negotiated in secret , while being fundamentally dishonest about the common nature of a lot of provisions and the perfectly normal and acceptable negotiation procedure . 
  / u/savannajeff know his shit . 
  i am a lawyer who works on arbitration , and he is quite frankly the only voice of reason , usually . 
  it is just bizarre to see something that has existed for so long suddenly come under fire from people who do n't have a clue how it works or what it is , their opinions based only on what the reddit echo chamber has told them or that they have read in clueless blogs !, 
  those of us who know about the process usually ca n't be bothered to fight against this misinformation because we get called shills , dismissed as biased , or otherwise mocked . 
  savanajeff has done rather a lot to change the tone of debate both here and in bigger subs , which i quite admire him for . 
  just try to take someone at face value and appreciate that they might know more than you . 
  i 'm british but i lived in egypt for a while so i can give another perspective . 
  from my experience , the more wealthy people are generally more liberal and send their daughters to university . 
  i worked with a lot of female lawyers . 
  a couple of them were very senior too , though they were n't married . 
  women tend to drop out of professional life as they marry . 
  among the poorer people , there is much more conservatism , but that is also partly because their job market is so devastated right now due to the plunging levels of tourism , so there simply are n't enough jobs for both men and women to be able to work , and so the traditional roles prevail . 
  even with women staying at home , the roles are n't as subjugated as you might think . 
  women are seen as the head of the household , who dictates a lot of the household spending and calls a lot of the shots in private life . 
  that 's all very sensible .
