  that does n't create good future employees and it certainly has n't ` forced ' people into work - do you really think they would live like that if they had the choice of getting a job ? 
   already confirmed its around 20 % ( women n kids ) no doubt by a much more reliable source than the bloody united nations which has absolutely no financial or other interest in distorting the statistics . 
  `` guys , dae people who hate nazis are the real nazis ?! '', 
  seriously , that view is ridiculous . 
  calling a bigot a bigot is not in itself bigotry . 
  even assuming for a second that none of these parties are xenophobic or bigoted , if they were then that line of argument just says that people would be wrong to call a spade a spade . 
  hating immigration is n't a matter of ` feels against reals ' , it 's a matter of conflicting ideologies where both sides can muster legitimate reasons for their views . 
  when someone comes on here and says ` muslims are terrorists or support terrorists so we should n't allow any in ' , that is not a correct statement of fact and to respond by saying that person is being islamophobic is also a statement of fact , not a ` slur ' . 
  the stigma is n't there because even if you think left wing views are wrong and bad for the country , they still come from compassion and wanting to make everyone 's life better . 
  the right in general want to make lots of people 's lives worse , either by rejecting all refugees or by making poor people poorer through cutting social programs , to improve their own lives or the lives of people like them . 
  it 's a fundamental disconnect between wanting to do the best thing for all humans and wanting to do the best thing for middle class people from your own country . 
  it 's more that this specific sub has been overrun by / r/european types . 
  they jump on every thread and up vote each other really quickly and down vote dissent . 
  there is n't really any point in arguing any more . 
  in the real world , most people in europe would decry their views as despicable . 
  especially the right wingers on here . 
  you do n't tend to get moderate right wingers on these places because they tend to be older . 
  the younger people who use reddit are mostly either moderate left wingers or rabid far right nationalists who hate foreigners . 
  the far right ones care more about reddit ( as we saw with the whole hysteria around ellen pao earlier this year ) and are better at manipulating it because they just spend so much time on here - they are mostly losers . 
  moderate right wingers who are generally opposed to mass immigration but do n't hate foreigners rarely get attacked on reddit . 
  there just are n't many of them around , and sometimes they unfortunately get lumped in with the lunatics . 
  the ` war ' is generally fought here between the far right and the moderate left . 
  see , arguing about principle is one thing . 
  saying ` banning fascist public expression will lead to fascism ' is a nonsense . 
  you may as well say ` banning smoking will lead to everyone smoking ' . 
  it is impossible . 
  you might in principle disagree with banning any political expression , but that is a different argument . 
  banning fascism by definition can not leave us vulnerable to fascism . 
  so we agree that some speech should be limited , so the original suggestion , that all speech should be free , was completely wrong . 
  so all it comes down to is a question of degree - why is shouting fire inherently more dangerous than denying the holocaust ? 
  the effects might be more immediately tangible , but there is a proven detrimental effect to holocaust denial and fascism , and therefore just as valid a reason for de-legitimising it , despite the fact that its negative effects may take decades longer to grow . 
  basically , if the end goal is for no one to be a fascist , then we achieve that objective by banning it . 
  completely de-regulating all harmful discourse is just a matter of doing something out of principle and then hoping it works out how you want , when in fact history shows that it often does not work out that way - fascists get into power . 
  wait , are you saying she should have gone to prison ? 
  and are you saying that this granny should n't have been convicted ? 
  that 's even more hypocritical . 
   no , the real answer is to not control speech ever . 
  this is a very simplistic , almost childlike view . 
  if someone walks into a bank , walks up to the desk , and says ' i have a gun . 
  give me $ 50,000 cash right now ' , he is just speaking . 
  he has not pointed a gun in their face . 
  he has not hit them . 
  it is just speech . 
  should that be legal ? 
  if someone is speaking to a large crowd of people and says ` you should go out right now , find some muslims and kill them ' , and then the crowd does that ? 
  he has only spoken . 
  he did not do the act himself . 
  it is just speech . 
  should that be legal ? 
  if someone sees a burning building , and sees everyone escape . 
  then a man walks up to him and says ` have you seen my children ? 
  they were inside !, 
  ' , and the person tells him ` no , i saw them at the window , they are still inside ' , despite knowing this to be untrue , and the father runs back into the building and does . 
  the person has merely spoken . 
  they did nothing . 
  should that be legal ? 
  the reality is that freedom of speech is extremely well protected by the european convention on human rights . 
  holocaust denial and hate speech have been decided to be in the same category as the above things - they are dangerous , completely contrary to law , morality , and social order , and freedom of society at large is enhanced by banning them . 
  to ` not control speech ever ' is a staggeringly simplistic mindset . 
  it is so wrong and impossible that it should be utterly self evident . 
  of course , what you mean is that hate speech and holocaust denial should be legal . 
  ok , i thoroughly disagree , as do most european people , but we can at least debate that . 
  the concept of never controlling speech is just hilariously reductionist . 
  but the thing is , is there a single example ever of laws against hate speech , inciting violence , or lying about historical atrocities , that has ever really turned into oppression of free speech in general ? 
  has a ban on criticism of a government ever sprung out of laws to prevent aggressive racism ? 
  there 's distinctions in speech that have to be considered , and regularly are by the echr , which protects our freedom of expression ( including speech , art , theatre , writing , and music ) more effectively than anything else . 
  they distinguish between political speech , which is protected extremely thoroughly by the convention and so can never really be limited except in extremely egregious and dangerous cases such as nazism , artistic expression , which is quite thoroughly protected but can be limited on grounds of decency , and commercial speech ( eg advertising ) which can be quite heavily regulated . 
   with regards to aubsive speech what is abusive speech ? 
  there is still degree of arbitrarity and welcome to law . 
  everything has to be judged on a case by case basis rather than making an absolutist statement based on facts that have never happened . 
  this is not arbitrary , but rather a recognition that all sets of facts are always somewhat different . 
  courts exist to rule on specific violations of rights . 
  stopping someone from threatening violence against a racial group is not an illegitimate violation of their rights . 
  stopping someone from denying the holocaust is not an illegitimate violation of their rights . 
  these things have been thoroughly reasoned out by the echr in objective legal logic , and you should read their decisions to gain a better understanding . 
  the echr has struck down limitations on expression that go too far . 
  however , it is not useful to say ` it should be legal to deny the holocaust because otherwise it might become illegal to criticise the government ' . 
  those things are a total non-sequitur . 
  they are not related and no one is actually suggesting the second . 
  if the law says ` it is a crime to deny the holocaust ' , then that is the entire law . 
  it does not automatically create a slippery slope into enormous violations of free speech unless new laws are passed . 
  that absolutism is nonsense though . 
  in reality , the liberal democracies that have limited speech restrictions on hate speech and holocaust denial are actually very nice places to live , and the laws are n't really abused at all . 
  you can complain about ` who decides what is hate speech tho ' all you want , but the answer is that death threats against other races and religions , and holocaust denial , are obviously dangerous and vile hate speech and no one is trying to extend the laws beyond that . 
  if the law does start getting abused or really extended , then start complaining about that . 
  but if there is no factual harm then there is nothing to actually moan about . 
  yeah but your chances of being in danger were slimmer than being hit by a bus , or choking on a biscuit . 
  it 's very much the same in egypt . 
  that said . 
  fucking london bins . 
  i 'm always walking around with a tesco bag of rubbish . 
  egypt is a brilliant tourist destination . 
  the problem is that sinai is dangerous , and contains sharm el sheikh , where a lot of tourists go . 
  cairo , luxor , alexandria and aswan are all totally safe for tourists , as well as the western coast of the red sea . 
  the problem is that people do n't realise that it is a large country that is by and large very safe , so do n't go , when really not going to cairo because of sinai is like not going to london in the 80s because of the irish troubles . 
   once ttip gets here , a company like exxon could sue the dutch government using an isds case , and force us to win gas there anyway . 
  that 's nonsense , i 'm sorry . 
  there is no way that a treaty could force a government to accept something like that . 
  all that isds does is protect * existing investments * from unfair laws . 
  it ca n't force the government to accept an investment in the first place , only stop them from treating existing investments in a discriminatory fashion .
