  it 's just something that needs to be combatted , partly by removing this ludicrous idea that the police wo n't investigate sex crimes because they might seem racist . 
  if that is a genuine thing they say then it is entirely the fault of the far right for claiming that the police will be accused as racist for doing something . 
  no one on the left actually suggests that . 
  the weirdest thing is that it 's mostly the same neo-reactionary types using the refugee rape stories to paint all muslims as evil , and then going into the red pill and posting about how women make up rape allegations all the time . 
  cognitive dissonance is nothing new among those types but this is a glaring one . 
  all it does i suppose is to demonstrate that they 're pursuing a racist agenda rather than genuinely caring about the victims . 
  i am biased , in the sense that i think rhodes was a horrible character . 
  i just do n't care about this as an issue and do n't think it matters in the slightest whether the busy is removed or not , so i 'm not trying to convince people tbh . 
  yep !, 
  iloomintary right ? 
  well quite . 
  he did n't establish it himself did he ? 
  so he was n't some champion of education . 
  did he ? 
  because the scholarship was founded after his death by nathan rothschild , the executor of his estate . 
  and personally founded the nobel prize because he became horrified by the death and destruction he had brought to the world . 
  he redeemed himself . 
  the rhodes scholarship came after rhodes died an unapologetic cunt who subjected every non-white person unlucky enough to fall under his power . 
  they 're not that comparable . 
  i do n't fall into either camp on this issue - i do n't think it matters that much - but the examples being given here are n't comparable . 
  yeah it sounds like it 's going the same way as the uk - take from the young to pay the old . 
  we have had massive debts shoved into us while the pension burden only increases . 
  the u.k. has never had a public pension fund - state pensions are taken from the working people directly through tax to pay the current old people , on the basis that we get the pension too when we are old . 
  problem is that because there is no invested pot of money , we just have to keep working harder and paying more tax to sustain a growing elderly population . 
  i 'd never want to see elderly people in poverty , but even a wealthy elderly person gets huge benefits including a free bus pass , free tv licence , allowance for heating during the winter , and the state pension on top of that . 
  it needs to be metered out so that people who do n't need it do n't get it , obviously on a graded scale so that having a private pension does n't disadvantage you . 
  you can live on so much less as a student , seriously . 
  you get access to loads of discounts , accommodation is usually found quite cheaply , it does n't matter what you wear or eat , and most of your time is spent studying which is free . 
  if you 're unemployed you have to have clothes to wear to a job interview , you might have a family to feed , higher transport costs and more of them especially if you are travelling to look for work . 
  there 's a reason a student can live on say $ 7,000 / year - that difference seriously evaporates once you hit adult life . 
  it 's also amazing though how nice a lot of the old people 's homes seem to be in holland . 
  half the ones in the uk are absolute wrecks , and we have constant scandals of abuse being uncovered in one home or another . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole country of course , but i lived near a care home in holland and saw quite a few others in the various areas i visited and noticed they all looked incredibly well looked after and well staffed . 
  it 's cultural as well as financial , i think . 
  of course you have . 
   nationalisation is admittedly stupid and has proven to be foolhardy throughout history , but it 's a completely different term than nationalism . 
  you only have to compare the british train network with germany and holland to demonstrate what a stupid statement that is . 
  that 's the whole point of srs to be fair . 
  if you go on kia and say that anita sarkeesian is great and feminism is a good thing you 'll be banned just as quickly . 
  no one made the above argument though . 
  if you actually read this thread instead of using this awful event as a political tool to bash on left wing people , you 'd see that most of us are condemning of the whole thing and want to work out how to solve it . 
   i 'm not sure why `` the left '' would even have to admit or answer for anything , considering this whole crisis has been mostly managed by right wing parties and coalitions , on both national and eu level , from the very beginning to the present day . 
  this is the crucial point i think . 
  merkel is a right wing politician , as is david cameron . 
  hollands is the only major eu leader who is a socialist . 
  both would have worked . 
  letting no one in would of course have saved us the troubles but would also have created a humanitarian catastrophe and would be utterly unconscionable . 
  genuine large scale efforts to integrate the refugees into europe , as advocated by most on the left , would have worked too . 
  what we 've got , though , is a mass of people being let in reluctantly by right wing leaders because they do n't want to be responsible for the death of thousands . 
  but because they are right wing , they want really to find something to do with them that does n't involve spending any money or really helping them . 
  so we just get a shitty botched halfway house . 
  i 'm a labour supporter but i 'd definitely consider voting for goldsmith if the labour candidate was poor . 
  i have a lot of respect for his previous campaigning on green issues . 
  imagine if diane abbot had won !, 
  thankfully , we 've got a great candidate this time . 
  it also stretches too far south into the realms of the mcmansions and coastal wilderness . 
  and essex . 
  that kind of implies that men would be happy to live with their wife and parents , or with their wife 's parents , which certainly is n't the case . 
  i 'm not sure why you made it gendered . 
  i did n't say that . 
  are you against taking lots of refugees ? 
  that 's fine , but the left are in favour of takin them because we want everyone , regardless of origin , to have an opportunity at a better life and to be sheltered from persecution and death . 
  the right are against it because of concerns about ` being too full ' , security concerns , and benefits claimants for example . 
  those things are mainly financial concerns and minor security risks of the current citizens of the country over the objective safety and happiness of foreigners . 
  it is n't ' i want to fuck over brown people ' , it 's ` my security and finances are more important than syrians not being bombed or massacred by isis ' . 
  i 'm not even saying that 's wrong per se , i 'm just explaining why the right are more open to stigma than the left , who could be described as naive but have only good motives at heart . 
  as a londoner i agree . 
  it 's disgraceful that there is n't more genuine investment in the regions . 
  london needs tonnes of investment to keep it as a global powerhouse , but the balance is totally out of whack at the moment . 
  manchester , birmingham , liverpool , bristol and newcastle should all be twice as wealthy as they are . 
  this is key . 
  london already does lots of its own governance . 
  the thing is that the midlands and yorkshire rejected devolution when it was presented to them . 
  there 's no easy answer , but probably something modelled on the welsh system would be sensible . 
  we just have to be careful what we wish for because ultimately the more that we separate our politics out , the less reason there will be for london 's wealth to filter out to the rest of the country which could mean they struggle for fresh investment . 
  or they might be able to attract new business much more easily by having greater control over their own policy , who knows . 
  my experience is that dutch houses are quite small but they are very nice . 
  dutch families seem to be happy living in a more compact and communal way , at least compared to brits . 
  i did n't call anyone a nazi , just directing you towards your lack of logic . 
  people do n't get called bigots for being conservatives . 
  they get called bigots for saying bigoted things . 
  heh , alright . 
  do you actually have a response ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  ca n't think of a widespread right wing view that does n't involve putting the middle class or the country above the welfare of the poor or foreigners . 
  i think ` forcing them to work ' is the exact wrong approach and really highlights the left-right divide . 
  people on the left do n't think it 's * good * for lots of people to be unemployed and claiming benefits - we would love everyone to be in fulfilling and useful employment . 
  but that * is n't possible * - our economy is literally premised on some level of unemployment because without it the job market can not fluctuate . 
  it is then totally unjust to punish people for being unemployed . 
  what you have to do is create an environment where people are adequately incentivised to work . 
  you do n't do that by crushing people into poverty - that actually destroys jobs by ensuring that there is less money flowing in the economy and makes even more people unemployed . 
  you do it by making sure that work pays properly , that people are always better off by working , and that working conditions are regulated to ensure that no job is dangerous or unnecessarily unpleasant . 
  that is n't to say that you make unemployed life a luxury . 
  but you have to make sure people can at least survive properly , with a roof over their heads and food in their stomach . 
  as it stands , i have literally no idea how unemployed people in the uk on job seeker 's allowance make it . 
  they get something like # 30/week for all expenses . 
  i could feed myself for that , but it has to cover travel to and from the job centre , clothes for job interviews , a mobile phone so you can actually have a contact number when you do apply for a job . 
  with just those things it is suddenly unliveable . 
  and then some get ` sanctioned ' for ten weeks , say if the bus is late and they are ten minutes late to their job centre appointment . 
  and then they literally have nothing and can only eat by stealing .
