niggle farridge, 
  regardless of some people 's beliefs , a large part of their country has been illegally annexed . 
  it 's possible to feel sympathy for the people for having been invaded while also condemning the political views of a group of hem . 
  fair points . 
  i suppose it depends on how much any russian is invested in their country as a whole . 
  for what it 's worth , i try to take a balanced approach to russia , but i do think that it 's counter productive to mince words regarding ukraine , georgia etc. 
  definitely not saying that all russians are responsible for it , but i equally have n't seen anything on here demonising the russian people rather than the state . 
  funny how you 're obsessed with immigration and post to / r/european . 
  it was set up as a protest to miss here removing racist posts . 
  you 're not fooling anyone . 
  they should probably , you know , stop annexing other states ' territory if it bothers them . 
  it was literally set up by racists because their racist shit would n't fly here . 
  there 's plenty of members there who are also members of / r/greatapes and the like . 
  i do n't know who you are trying to fool . 
  they went off and founded / r/european which is a racist version of this sub . 
  they like to go around describing it as ` pro free speech ' which i suppose is true if you consider free speech to encompass being a massive racist . 
  i 'm strongly against ttip but this is the most / r/conspiratard thing i have ever seen in the wild . 
  always stalin . 
  fuck stalin . 
  i was reading the other day that lenin had gay sex legalised during his government in russia . 
  was it then criminalised again and subsequently re-legalised ? 
  that would explain why the map shows a much later date . 
  is it possible that the tories have massaged the statistics upwards and the eu has massaged them downwards ? 
  it would be quite easy to include or exclude people who have only been in the country for a short time . 
  time to play another round of troll or american !, 
  i 'm going to be battered for this , but as an english person i find the quality of german english is now a lot higher than dutch english , in general . 
  it 's probably just that germans who speak english are excellent , but that there are loads of germans with absolutely no english in areas i do n't know . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i understand your criteria , and appreciate the rest of the post - really enjoyed it . 
  in a lot of islamic countries there is virtually no reason in calling anyone mohammed , because everyone in the room will turn around . 
  you have to call people by their last name , which kind of defeats the point of it ... 
  i wish you had chosen durham cathedral instead of bath . 
  bath is nice , but durham has been voted the most beautiful building in the uk , and is a lot older , having been built by william the conqueror !, 
  really fantastic list though . 
  i might make it a goal to visit all of them ... 
  to be fair , there is an international airport in knock , so they are already punching fairly well above their weight . 
  only if they actually are unhealthy . 
  that 's what the wto is for - to investigate and adjudicate on whether a state is being fair when restricting imports . 
  you 're still allowed to have restrictions on products , so long as those restrictions are the same for all products . 
  for instance , it would be contrary to wto law to flat out ban american apples , but banning the import of apples that do not conform to internal regulations is fine , if it 's for certain criteria , safety being one ( the wto ec - asbestos case is worth looking at on this point ) . 
  it 's all about making sure an importer gets the same treatment as a national producer , and that importers all get the same treatment as one another . 
  the ttip one is crap . 
  it 's just that anyone who goes against the enormous circle jerk of misinformation surrounding that thing is accused of being a shill . 
  big corporations , the us government , and the eu commission , do n't give a fuck what people on reddit think of ttip . 
  perhaps a mixture . 
  i know that you ca n't really go to the front page of srs and demonstrate it to be the horrific monster that it 's claimed to be . 
  the actual content is rather benign , regardless of the views of a mod or two . 
  i mean , one of the high up mods of / r/circlebroke is also a mod of / r/imgoingtohellforthis , for instance , which pretty much epitomises the immature bigotry that circlebroke usually rails against . 
  does n't mean that igthft is srs-lite or that circlebroke is bigoted . 
  so you have to do better than a single post from a mod . 
  if you search by top on srs , you 'll even find that most of the top posts ever are crazy people coming in and posting huge rants about how srs is the devil . 
  these get voted all the way to the top of the sub , usually , because they 're hilarious . 
  so show me a list of bigoted awful posts currently on the front page of srs , or go to / r/srsmythos to see how twisted out of proportion it gets . 
  i do n't even post on srs or anything - check my history . 
  i just find it baffling that it has managed to attain such a high status as the evil boogeyman of reddit . 
  sorry , aside from one random screenshot of an individual , can you actually go to the front page of srs and show that the sub is awful by pulling up some examples of dreadful behaviour from the general sub ? 
  what specifically is meant to be wrong with srs ? 
  have you ever visited it ? 
  it 's literally just a collection of racist , sexist , homophobic etc posts that have been linked there . 
  admins have previously said it brigades far less than practically any other meta sub . 
  i do n't really understand the objection , and find that people who talk about how ` awful ' it is tend to have either never seen it ( the large majority ) or to have been featured on there due to their horrific opinions ( a small but more vocal minority ) . 
  like , can you link say five posts from the front page of srs that are so bad ? 
  you 're going to be barraged with stories about how it 's literally the devil , but it 's basically a sub where people post links to racist , sexist , homophobic etc posts that people make on large subs and get heavily up voted . 
  that 's literally it . 
  fucking stormfront invading this place . 
  fuck off , i 'd rather have a thousand syrians than one of you fucks in my europe . 
  the funny thing is when they get blamed for that , rather than people considering that maybe going to a stronger economy with available jobs and where people speak a much more universal language ( english ) is a completely understandable response , when the alternative is likely a horrific refugee camp in the east . 
  to be honest it 's pretty disgusting to see human beings as waste that need to be ` dumped ' somewhere . 
  you must be quite an unhappy person to go on holiday to germany and feel it is ruined by the presence of brown people . 
  implying that white europeans are the fries and brown immigrants are just spices . 
  say you 're making paella . 
  do you eat all of the ingredients separately or do you throw them all together and mix them up to make something much better than its constituent parts ? 
  we 're not in armed conflict with isis so it is extra judicial killing , regardless of other justifications . 
  drone strikes are thoroughly illegal in general , and at best operate in a legal grey area . 
  exactly , you have expressed it far more succinctly than me . 
  go and read everything / u/savanajeff has ever written . 
  what results ? 
  show me an unreasonable arbitration case that has been won by a company . 
  i work in this field , doing both arbitration and litigation in domestic courts . 
  they are different procedures . 
  domestic courts are great for most disputes , but when it is the government of a country victimising you and changing the law to fuck you over then there is no recourse that can be had in domestic courts . 
  say country a invites an investor from country b to build a new power plant . 
  this investor puts a billion dollars into building a new power plant on the basis that they will recover investment by selling the power . 
  the government of country a then changes the law to say that power plants may not be owned by foreigners , and seizes the plant for themselves , paying the investor nothing in return . 
  in that situation , the domestic courts can not do anything because they have to follow the law laid down by the government . 
  but is that fair ? 
  in that scenario , the government could have not invited the investor in the first place . 
  they could have refunded the investment . 
  or they could have simply let the investor carry on their business . 
  but they chose to basically steal a billion dollars , and it was all technically completely legal within their domestic system so the only possible recourse is to an international arbitration . 
  that 's what your ` secret courts ' are . 
  they are set up by both parties together - each side appoints one judge and then those judges between them choose a third as chairman - so they are completely neutral . 
  this is why i say you need to educate yourself at least somewhat before screaming and frothing about ` secret courts ' . 
  great , thanks . 
  both parties need to agree in their original contract or treaty that any disputes will be referred to arbitration . 
  ttip is quite a standard investment treaty that will include an arbitration clause . 
  you 're coming back to this ` secret court ' nonsense . 
  go and research icsid for an idea of how the process actually works , and read a couple of awards made . 
  for as long as the ` secret court ' shit keeps going , you are just parroting nonsense put about by scaremongers . 
  notice particularly that states usually win , and only fail when they have acted dishonestly , unfairly , or discriminatory .
