  should every document be available ? 
  should every meeting be open ? 
  that would be unprecedented . 
  i suppose i do n't understand the problem when we will be able to read it for ages before it goes to a vote . 
  what 's the problem with that for you ? 
  why ca n't you just hang on and see the final draft ? 
  what total rubbish . 
  i like sanders but he is comprehensively wrong on this issue . 
  this is also about tpp , not ttip . 
  they 're different agreements with completely different members . 
  as i said , secret negotiations are normal and necessary . 
  why does it matter when she can read and critique the entire thing for a year or more once it 's finished ? 
  did they sue the government over the lack of transparency over negotiations for : * the united nations charter * the european convention on human rights * the international criminal court statute * any of the eu 's previous trade treaties * any of germany 's [ 156 bilateral investment treaties ] ( http://investmentpolicyhub.unctad.org/iia/countrybits/78 ) ?? 
  because there is nothing different about ttip being negotiated in secret and those things being negotiated in secret . 
  the eu has actually had an [ unprecedented amount of transparency ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/index_en.htm ) for a treaty of this kind . 
  all treaties have to be negotiated in secret . 
  negotiations do n't work otherwise . 
  when it 's finished it will be published for all of us and our parliaments to debate and decide whether or not to sign it . 
  tpp is in that process now - the [ full text ] ( https://ustr.gov/trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements/trans-pacific-partnership/tpp-full-text ) has been available for months and most of the complaining about secrecy has completely evaporated since it came out . 
  i just wish we could stop with the hysteria . 
   when i made best effort several times to inform you that you do not understand the relevant terminology and need to look up the relevant term . 
  this is the thing . 
  you are failing to grasp that i fully understand your simplistic point , and am moving on to talk about why i do not consider it to be * de facto * representative democracy in the case of low turnout . 
  again you 've not managed to understand why i consider these things to be inextricably linked or deal with my actual point . 
  attempting to be patronising , when you are the one limiting your view to essentially a dictionary definition , without even considering the meaning of the words that make up that definition or the underlying principle of the system , is n't very endearing . 
  maybe i am thinking of it too much like a lawyer for you to even sympathise with my approach - i am concerned with what * is * , and how it relates to the principles underlying the system . 
  i am not concerned with a thought-terminating reference to a dictionary and stopping there . 
  i 'm not saying that you do n't * de jure * live in a representative democracy in that situation . 
  i 'm saying that you do n't * de facto * live in one . 
  i think you are too wrapped up in an obsession with technicality over the actual meaning of a representative democracy , which is that the population are broadly represented in political decision making by people they elect . 
  the problem is that if the large majority do n't vote then they are n't represented . 
  again , i 'm not sure if you understand the concept of a mandate - you seem to be shackled to a dictionary and struggling to go further to think more about the meaning behind the idea of representation . 
  mandate is key to representative democracy - representatives and ultimately government have to have a mandate from the people . 
  in a very low turnout , it is essentially impossible to suggest that a mandate has been granted . 
  mandate legitimises the actions of representatives . 
  without it , they are not representative . 
  it 's what makes them representatives . 
  i can see you probably are n't going to understand my point so i 'll wrap up . 
  we agree on what representative democracy is . 
  i 'm saying that the representatives are not legitimate when turnout is very low and that therefore representative democracy can not really be said to subsist in such a system . 
  that 's an additional view on top of the dictionary definition . 
  you can disagree , of course , but you have n't managed to actually argue why you think that representatives ( or referenda ) are fully legitimate when they are not elected by at least a majority . 
  to put it even more simply for you - representative democracy requires that decisions are taken by representatives elected by the people . 
  now , of course you can be a child and take that purely at face value . 
  but you should probably , if you are serious , question what you think each of those words means in context . 
  for me , it is ` representatives ' . 
  i believe that being a ` representative ' necessitates that you broadly represent a geographic location or a specific polity . 
  you might not have all the votes . 
  you might not even have a majority of the votes . 
  but you should have enough votes to describe yourself as a true representative of something . 
  to help you get started , the counter argument would be that if you are legally elected then you must the the true representative because if turnout is low those people who did n't vote have chosen to be represented by whoever the rest of the group selects . 
  my response would be that that 's fine , but that is n't necessarily the decision people have made - turnout may be exceptionally low because you and the other person are both corrupt . 
  and they would actively sabotage the election if they could . 
  but they ca n't within the law , and so their only option is not to vote . 
  so although you may legally have the vote , you do n't actually have the mandate or the support of those you purport to represent . 
  so you certainly might be a * de jure * - legal - representative , but you certainly are not a * de facto * representative . 
  well obviously it can . 
  if , say , in a population of 5,000 , only 100 are represented , then it is n't really representative democracy . 
  it 's certainly a debatable point , but i was clear that it is * my view * , not fact , that where there is a very small turnout the result is not legitimate . 
  the problem is that representative democracy requires a * mandate * . 
  imagine that just 1 % of people turned up to vote in an election , the rest refusing to vote because none of the parties represented their views . 
  do you think that the elected government would have a mandate to govern ? 
  that seems an intensely tenuous idea . 
  of course you would not then live in a representative democracy if that party went on to enact legislation that 99 % of people were against . 
  because the will of the people is not being represented in the slightest . 
  it does . 
  i think perhaps you do n't understand . 
  no , i 'm really not . 
  i mean , you have n't managed to reply to what i said . 
  i happen to think that where there is a low turnout - below 50 % at least - you are n't talking about representative democracy any more . 
  all i was doing was explaining why not voting on this occasion was n't a stupid thing to do . 
  surely the point is to get the majority view heard , and the implication of your post , as i pointed out , is that most people were in favour . 
  so if you think that there 's a chance of the vote being coopted by the minority , the most democratic thing to do is to de-legitimise the vote . 
  it does n't mean that . 
  think of it this way . 
  the fact that you are labelling the ` pro ' people as being in the wrong for not voting means that you think that the majority of non-voters are in favour of the agreement - if the ` no ' voters were in the majority then they would be the ones at fault mainly for not turning up . 
  so the yeses are in the majority among the non-voters . 
  that means that if there was 100 % turnout , yes would almost certainly win . 
  but the yes voters know that most yes voters do n't care as much about it as the no voters , or are happy with the government , so are less likely to turn up . 
  that means that if a lot of yes voters turn up , but not enough to win , then all they will have done is legitimise a decision that is contrary to the majority opinion . 
  so it 's safer to stay at home and not vote . 
  if the no voters care enough , and make up more than 30 % of the vote , then they will win anyway and it will count . 
  if they do n't even make up 30 % of voters then it means that most people want ` yes ' . 
  so you 've got the democratic decision . 
  it would be better for everyone to vote , but that is n't going to happen so it 's better not to legitimise a decision that most people do n't want . 
  yes , they certainly did . 
  the point is that they were originally armed and encouraged by america . 
  if you think this was an act of kindness to fend of the russians ... well , that is n't how american foreign policy works . 
  i completely do n't think that the west is the main cause of radicalism in the middle east . 
  however , there 's numerous times where the west have armed factions that have gone on to become extremists/future enemies . 
  the taliban is the best example , but isis have lots of weapons that were originally western . 
  and of course western money indirectly supports terrorism through the copious amount of it that flows to saudi arabia . 
  i also know a couple of people who were privy to discussions with the cia about smuggling large quantities of weapons into egypt to support a civil war there . 
  thankfully they were declined . 
  so essentially , the people that blame the whole situation on mossad , the cia etc are nutters . 
  israel have no reason in particular to create such a horrific environment just outside their borders . 
  but there is definitely a case to be made that the west has exacerbated the problems . 
  killing someone and stealing their pass would n't even work for a standard office building that has passed - they can deactivate a person 's pass pretty much immediately . 
  let alone a nuclear power plant . 
  it 's very sad that this guard was murdered but i do n't think it 's going to help them get nuclear material .
