  obviously , what we would do is have a meeting , and do the whole barter/negotiation thing and then come home and ask our family if they are ok with buying/selling the car for # 30,000 . 
  if not , then we have to go back and keep talking . 
  fine . 
  completely fair again , is n't it ? 
  that 's how ttip is being done . 
  however , say instead of having a meeting between us , we get together with our entire families . 
  you offer me # 10,000 and a few of my lot scream ` what , its worth at least # 60,000 do n't let him fucking near it ' . 
  i offer you # 50,000 and your lot start shouting and arguing that it 's not worth anything close to that . 
  then the fun starts . 
  i offer you the car for # 40,000 and your people are still shouting at you that i 'm an idiot , a lunatic , to walk away . 
  but my people start shouting and saying i 'm an idiot , that i 'm weak , that you 're trying to rip me off . 
  they 're never going to agree to anything of the sort . 
  they 'd rather burn the car than let you have it . 
  you raise your offer to # 20,000 and see that you start having the same problem . 
  both of our families are now furious with both you and me . 
  i start to suggest that we could compromise at # 30,000 and the group behind me storm out , saying that they 'll never agree to sell for that price and they 're now going to vote to replace you . 
  your lot start doing the same when you argue to them that # 30,000 is fine and it 's what you really expected to pay anyway . 
  this is how your public negotiations would be - obviously where you and i are us and eu negotiators and the families are a hysterical press and population - misunderstanding the issue , not letting us compromise on anything . 
  agreement would be impossible . 
  that , in terms even a child could understand , is why negotiation ca n't be done properly in secret . 
  to give you an example i would give a child : you want to buy my car . 
  i want to sell my car . 
  but we do n't agree on price . 
  you want to buy it for # 20,000 , and i think it 's worth # 40,000 . 
  now what would normally happen ? 
  you would offer me # 10,000 and i would scoff and offer it for # 50,000 . 
  we would negotiate and barter , and eventually probably arrive at # 30,000 . 
  seems completely fair , does n't it ? 
  but let 's say that each of us have a large extended family of 100 people . 
  your 100 are partly paying for the car , and mine are getting a cut of the sale . 
  obviously , what we would do is have a meeting , and do the whole barter/negotiation thing and then come home and ask our family if they are ok with buying/selling the car for # 30,000 . 
  if not , then we have to go back and keep talking . 
  fine . 
  completely fair again , is n't it ? 
  that 's how ttip is being done . 
  however , say instead of having a meeting between us , we get together with our entire families . 
  you offer me # 10,000 and a few of my lot scream ` what , its worth at least # 60,000 do n't let him fucking near it ' . 
  i offer you # 50,000 and your lot start shouting and arguing that it 's not worth anything close to that . 
  then the fun starts . 
  i offer you the car for # 40,000 and your people are still shouting at you that i 'm an idiot , a lunatic , to walk away . 
  but my people start shouting and saying i 'm an idiot , that i 'm weak , that you 're trying to rip me off . 
  they 're never going to agree to anything of the sort . 
  they 'd rather burn the car than let you have it . 
  you raise your offer to # 20,000 and see that you start having the same problem . 
  both of our families are now furious with both you and me . 
  i start to suggest that we could compromise at # 30,000 and the group behind me storm out , saying that they 'll never agree to sell for that price and they 're now going to vote to replace you . 
  your lot start doing the same when you argue to them that # 30,000 is fine and it 's what you really expected to pay anyway . 
  this is how your public negotiations would be - obviously where you and i are us and eu negotiators and the families are a hysterical press and population - misunderstanding the issue , not letting us compromise on anything . 
  agreement would be impossible . 
  that , in terms even a child could understand , is why negotiation ca n't be done properly in secret . 
   the main point of the protests is that it made citizens feel as if the government tried to sign aggreements that might have a big impact on legislature without having an actual legislative discussion about it . 
  i understand that . 
  and if ttip gets waved through with no legislative scrutiny then i will be equally furious . 
  but it wo n't . 
  it 's the drafting stage . 
  i have no interest in seeing an unfinished document and do n't understand the hysteria about wanting to do so . 
   also many people do n't want to have them sign a contract that might circumvent our judiciary by means of nebulous arbitration courts where companies might sue the whole country because they think they lose money because of changes in the law . 
  alright , this is one that goes around but it 's based 100 % on people lying to you , my friend . 
  this is my specialist area as a lawyer and the discourse about it has been lunacy . 
  i wrote a comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/3ew00o/rosia_montana_an_omen_for_ttip_romanians_decided/ctjc7sb ) that hopefully will help you with the issue - read the further discussion below as well . 
  it 's important to understand what you are angry about . 
   i do n't know how much transparency there was about the treaties you mentioned but only because we or our parent 's generation let them slip there does n't mean that we have to let them get through with everything now . 
  the entire point is that it was n't ` letting them slip through ' . 
  many of those treaties are/were the foundation of our entire modern world . 
  and certainly of the economy . 
  there has never been a trade agreement negotiated publicly , for good reason , and so unless you are saying that every trade agreement in existence is evil , you have to accept that secret negotiations are n't problematic . 
   if an american defends the right to bear arms to protect himself from his own government , no one gives a shit . 
   if a european only wants to know what his government talks about with the us government , everyone goes nuts ? 
  what the hell ? 
  this is weird , mate . 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  they 're so incredibly unrelated things . 
  no , we do n't want or need to know about every discussion had between our governments . 
  do you think mi6 should open their doors ? 
  what nonsense . 
  look , if you 're in favour of free trade then you 're in favour of these things . 
  to my knowledge there 's never been a free trade agreement negotiated publicly . 
  do you therefore think that every free trade agreement is evil and wrong ? 
  do you think that the content of ttip is irrelevant because the media have n't been able to squawk over misinterpreted negotiations for two years ? 
  thanks for your tip on the human rights convention . 
  i 'm a lawyer with a background in human rights though so i 'm fairly confident in what it contains  certainly it will be complicated . 
  that 's why there will be a long time to look at it all . 
  someone like me can get through this sort of thing in a week if we 're tasked just to do it , and distill the important sections for the lay people . 
  you can [ look at tpp ] ( https://ustr.gov/trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements/trans-pacific-partnership/tpp-full-text ) if you 're inclined to get an idea !, 
  the amendment point - sure . 
  partially . 
  countries will easily be able to say they wo n't sign it without a particular amendment . 
  it needs eu unanimity so that will be an easy thing to do if they feel strongly about it . 
  if your democratically elected government does n't like it they can and will reject it . 
  and you 'll be able to scrutinise it for ages . 
  you do realise that , right ? 
  oh man , it 's not every day i get called a shill !, 
  who do you think i 'm getting paid by to give a factually accurate opinion that i 've consistently stated on my own time for about a year ? 
  seriously , i want to know where i can collect my eu shill shekels !, 
  have you ever done a negotiation before ? 
  if you have , then you would know that it is literally impossible if a ) the other side know everything and b ) you have millions of people looking over your shoulder screaming conflicting things at you . 
  this is fairly obvious when you think about it - negotiation involves give and take , bluffing , asking for too much to eventually get what you want . 
  the problem with media scrutiny of it is that they play to the lowest common denominator and would be demanding that everyone play hardball . 
  it would be impossible to make decisions . 
  i 'd like to hear from you how you think massive international negotiations should work if they are public ?
