  they have become completely a-political figures now , with an interest only in maintaining the current constitutional order . 
  that , and the fact that they could n't be turned against the population anyway , as you argue with america . 
  we do n't see it as a monopoly on force . 
  our countries are n't as militarised as america - with your armed and armoured police and your fetishisation of the military . 
  the army are another branch of the government . 
  if you break the law , it is enforced of course , but not really by force but simply by arrest and being tried in a court of law by your peers . 
  absent a massive revolution into a fascist state , there 's nothing to worry about . 
   also , areas with freer gun laws have much lower rates of crime and poverty than those with high gun control . 
  guns play a positive role in society , despite what all the click bait news media will tell you these days . 
  this is hilarious . 
  ever heard of cause and effect ? 
  the most violent areas are going to need more gun restrictions than the least violent areas . 
  looking at it globally , the countries with the strictest gun laws are also the least violent . 
  still sounds pretty delusional , mate . 
  i think all it comes down to is that we tend to solve our problems through democracy and debate . 
  the kind of person who believes that citizens all need to have guns to protect themselves from the big evil government is fairly anti-democratic . 
  if handgun usage , for instance , is to be curtailed by the government after a democratic mandate then to violently resist it is completely against all of the republican principles on which america was founded . 
  and if , as you say , the military would n't follow through with crushing a revolution , then you would n't need it anyway . 
  look at it this way - either the military remain loyal and powerful and they crush any opposition regardless , or they do n't and the civilian population does n't need the guns anyway . 
  in many european countries , including the uk , the military is loyal to the queen rather than the government . 
  in the event of something genuinely major - like a fascist regime taking power ( not some far right lunatic 's wet dream of ` theyr turkin urr guns ' ) - all it would take is for the monarch to take the drastic measure of ordering the army against the government and they 'd be finished . 
  it 's delusional . 
  owning a big gun does absolutely shit all about ` refusing the monopoly on force ' . 
  all it does is make you and your family less safe . 
  as if some fat rednecks with shotguns have any meaning when set against the us army and quasi-military police forces . 
  but we know that israelis build settlements on palestinian land all the time . 
  and that they are protected by israel - murdering people if they dare to protest or retaliate . 
  saying this :  and the law of the military administration of westbank area c as well ) does not allow anyone other than the legal owner to `` build '' on any property . 
  is meaningless when a ) israel does noting to prevent illegal settlements and in fact actively encourages them , b ) illegally expands its borders , and c ) does not designate the legal owner of land in anything approaching an equitable manner . 
  weaselling out by saying that you do n't recognise palestine is just evasion - you know exactly what i mean , and the [ overwhelming majority of the world ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_the_state_of_palestine ) recognises the state of palestine . 
  on the subject of legality , you would be well served to educate yourself with the [ opinion of the international court of justice ] ( http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/files/131/1671.pdf ) . 
  the expansion of israel 's borders and the construction on land outside of those legal borders is absolutely , thoroughly illegal . 
  i 'm all in favour of israel existing - i think it 's a good thing . 
  the problem is that it 's a great place internally and a war crime-committing nightmare in its external relations . 
  what on earth are you talking about mate ? 
  gaza becoming singapore ? 
  this is delusional . 
  are you denying that israelis build settlements in palestinian land ? 
  and that they are protected by israel against retaliation using illegal weaponry ? 
  all israeli construction in gaza and the west bank is comprehensively illegal . 
  palestinian construction is not . 
  i mean , go and read through my entire history if you 're bothered . 
  ive got detailed discussions of criminal law , human rights , isds , and jurisprudence in there . 
  whatever makes you happy though ... 
  shit , sorry . 
  i 'll amend it now . 
  quite . 
  i 've not been making that point here but it 's one of the strongest ones for isds . 
  the parliaments and executives make the decisions . 
  but it 's just stupid to make decisions without getting input from the most affected parties . 
  it 's a good point . 
  it wo n't be a million pages , and there 'll be plenty of time to look at it . 
  i 'm not sure what the possibilities will be for amendment after its released , but i 'm sure it will be possible . 
  i think we 're broadly finding agreement . 
  i think keeping meps away is motivated by the likelihood of one of them intentionally scuppering it . 
  for every green there 's a ukip who would go in and cause as much damage as possible . 
  it would only take one to deal huge damage - that 's not very democratic . 
  i think your concern is that we wo n't have long to look at it . 
  i disagree . 
  the eu can not force national parliaments to vote on it sooner than they want to , so unless all 27 governments decide to rush it then it wo n't happen . 
  tpp has already been available for ages with no sign of a finalisation yet , which naturally has put to bed the same concerns that were had over that treaty . 
  great comment !, 
  when we 're discussing ` closed ' v ` open ' negotiations , we are n't talking really about engagement with the media as such . 
  each step of the negotiations and discussions were still done in private . 
  eg the dunbarton oaks proposals were drafted in secret and then the final draft was given to the press . 
  the jurists met in secret to discuss their plans , and then released them . 
  yes , your point stands , and it is a good one , that proposals were released in stages for comment . 
  they were then discussed privately and a new agreement or set of proposals was reached . 
  this is an effective blend . 
  my point , and perhaps i made it over zealously with regard to the unc specifically , is that negotiations happen in private , then you release a text , and then you see whether people agree with it or not . 
  yes it might be valuable to have each chapter released as it is finished - perhaps a good blend of open and secret . 
  thing is , they are releasing [ negotiation documents and public reports after each round . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/index_en.htm ) i think most people here think that all actual sessions should be open - that 's what i 'm arguing against . 
  not having public engagement and releasing finished pieces of work . 
  slows day at work ... and i type fast . 
  thanks for noticing though bro . 
   too complicated to be directly interpreted by most people without requiring a lawyer ? 
  vote no . 
  just examine that for a second . 
  really think about it . 
  would you advocate for the destruction of all banking regulation ? 
  i guarantee that you would n't understand 90 % + of it if you are n't a lawyer or banker . 
  by your criteria , the banks should be regulated . 
  how about the destruction of requiring evidence at trial ? 
  the laws on when and what evidence can be introduced are very complicated and require a lawyer to explain them . 
  should we have no laws on evidence , then ? 
  laws on complicated things have to be complicated . 
  it 's a shame that we ca n't all know how everything works , but i do n't understand how a car works and i still trust that the engineers make a good one . 
   negotiated in secret ? 
  vote no . 
  would you advocate for the destruction of every single international treaty then ? 
  this is a serious question . 
  if the method of negotiation is the only important thing , and the content is irrelevant , then you presumably would like to abolish every single trade treaty in the world ? 
   it 's simple and i profoundly do n't give a fuck about `` this is how it was done in the dark ages '' . 
  not talking about the dark ages . 
  we 're talking about the modern world . 
  every trade agreement your country has . 
  most were negotiated in the last forty years , not in 500ad . 
   today most people can be live-connected to this kind of negotiations , unlike any other time in history . 
  keep it simple and open and then i will think about voting yes .
