  they deserve no mercy beyond severe reeducation . 
  anyone caught being a nazi should be locked up and taught why their views are disgusting and wrong by ethnic minority teachers until they are cured of the mental illness that is fascism . 
  basically yes . 
  i do n't know about every country in the world but among the oecd countries for example it 's only genuinely disputed in america . 
  the tea party were arguably a third party that did what ukip achieved with the tories by swinging the republicans to the far right by bringing electoral pressure on republican candidates in primaries as well as in actual elections . 
  did n't stop nigel farage from constantly advocating the norway model during the referendum , when we all pointed out how much worse it was than the current situation the idiot brexiteers did n't care . 
  i do n't know about you but pretty much every brexiteer i spoke to whether in person or on / r/ukpolitics is/was convinced that the eu is on the brink of collapse and the entire thing is going to fall to pieces within five years . 
  i 've never seen someone say something like this who is n't either a nazi , a retard , or someone that never got into uni and ca n't really get over it . 
  by definition they are not . 
  the last time these antifa scum gained power , they killed millions of germans - clearly very dangerous . 
  the alt right is on the rise because many people in america absolutely hate , really really hate , non whites and gays , and now they have a label they can apply to themselves that allows them to be the white supremacist neo nazis they always dreamed of without actually having to wear a swastika . 
  what this kind of \u00fcber-progressive politics does is make normal people react to it by saying ` that 's really stupid , those people are idiots ' . 
  if your reaction is ` non-white races are inferior , gays should be executed , women should stay at home , and muslims should be put in concentration camps ' - i.e. 
  the `` alt right '' / breitbart etc - then you were always a sack of shit , it 's just that you use this kind of thing to justify it . 
  you may as well say postal services are a globalist policy because how do you think the ipo operates . 
   this is slightly anecdotal but i was born in socialism and raised in it until the socialists forced my family amd i to flee . 
  i will never , ever forget what actual oppression looks or feels like and im sick and tired of a group of sore losers scream and disrupt society because they are too hysterical to actually evaluate whats going on . 
  quite ironic then that you 've gone over to the opposite end of the spectrum and forsaken the liberal society that took you in to turn to hatred against those that come after you . 
  for trump supporters on reddit , ` globalist ' has become synonymous with ` jew ' . 
   it must be nice being able to win an election with a population that universally hates you , i wish i had those kinds of super powers . 
  universally was n't entirely accurate but he 's by far the least popular president ever . 
   who is he trying to `` destroy '' ? 
  arabs , mexicans , gay people , black people , jews , pretty much everyone who is n't a right wing white man . 
   on the topic of deportation - are you saying that enforcing long-standing immigration laws is a fascist behavior ? 
  basically yes , actually . 
  when people have been in a country for decades and are functioning members of society it 's literally just a matter of having an excuse to toss out non whites . 
   the court you mention ( i 'm forced to assume you 're talking about the 9th cirtcuit ) has anywhere from 60-80 % of their rulings overturned . 
  it 's every court that 's ruled against him because he 's a fascist crybaby that ca n't handle people telling him the fact that his actions are illegal . 
   remove healthcare ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  check out medicare and medicaid - do n't believe everything michael moore tries to sell you . 
  i do n't think you understand how those things work , or why literally millions of people were uninsured before the aca . 
   i fear you 've taken too much of the media bait . 
  look into things for yourself instead of repeating antifa talking points . 
  i think you may have been drinking the breitbart koolaid for retards , but there we go . 
  i do n't even know where i would go to look for antifa material . 
  unlike a triggered trumplet , i 'm an educated person who 's able to simply read factual reporting and reach a conclusion . 
  ` meeicaid and medicare lul ' is a typical breitbart talking point in comparison , which has practically nothing to do with the aca or the new retarded trumpnocare - just something idiots can throw out to feel secure in continuing to cheer for their team . 
  i 'll respond briefly since you took the time to lay out your thoughts - i do n't have time for in depth analysis . 
   - the cult of traditionalism is too strong a description that does n't really fit trump perfectly . 
  `` there can be no advancement of learning . 
  truth has been already spelled out once and for all , and we can only keep interpreting its obscure message . '', 
  i disagree - the entire premise of his campaign was ` make america great ** again ** ' - harking back to some bygone time where america was great and now it is n't . 
  many americans - most republicans - would put that either at the reagan years or the eisenhower years . 
  in both cases , this was a time when people could earn a decent salary for an average job , but also when gay rights were nonexistent , when racial discrimination was widespread , when religion was a domineering force in everyone 's lives . 
  i 'd argue that ` make america great again ' for his supporters refers to ` traditional ' ( oppressive ) cultural values along with the subordination of minorities . 
  i do n't see what else it could mean . 
  note also his obsession with the british royal family and his frankly bizarre requests to have all the ridiculous pomp - e.g. 
  the golden carriage etc - for his visit . 
   - i do n't think trump outright rejects modernism either . 
  ** he 's clearly taken to the modern social environment . 
  ** the obvious point is his support for the coal industry - but is it rejection of modernism ( green energy ) or is it about jobs ? 
  you do n't really explain the bold part . 
  i disagree of course . 
  outside of twitter , trump has no regard for progress or science , and is interested mostly in watching tv and sitting in gold plated thrones . 
  he hates nasa and the epa - the most scientific government agencies , and his view on cyber terrorism is ` my son is good with computers ' . 
   - action for action 's sake just seems very american from my foreigner view . 
  not a trump exclusive trait . 
  he 's definitely threatened at least one university - but that was because they were allowing violent protesters to assault people and destroy property with no resistance . 
  well i 'd agree that 's american to an extent yes . 
  he did encourage his supporters to attack protestors at more than one rally , and made a barely veiled suggestion that someone murder clinton if she were elected . 
  he 's threatened the courts on more than one occasion when they 've ruled against him . 
   - `` disagreement is treason '' does n't match trump either to be honest . 
  `` listen and believe '' is in fact a core belief of his most vehement detractors . 
  i 'm sorry but trump and his supporters have consistently pushed this line - that if you do n't rally behind him then you hate america , and you 're a traitor if you voted clinton . 
  this has been so common and widespread that i 'm stunned you have n't seen it . 
   - `` fear of difference '' could be argued , but again , the description is much stronger than trump 's reality . 
  i do n't think it ` could be argued ' . 
  the view ` mexicans are rapists and criminals coming here to destroy america ' was literally the sentiment around which he built his entire campaign . 
  it was his first speech . 
  it has continued with his attacks on trans people and minorities . 
   - `` appeal to a frustrated middle class '' i get the feeling is a very ... leftist ... criticism . 
  there 's nothing wrong with appealing to the middle class who in capitalist society often do find themselves in a neglected `` middle child '' scenario . 
  the upper class has all the power , the lower class has all the attention . 
  it 's a characteristic of fascism not its sole indicator . 
  there 's nothing wrong with helping the middle class . 
  it 's not about that . 
  it 's about offering to help them by attacking others - the poor and the different and foreigners - which is the basis of trump 's entire platform . 
  he does n't actually intend to help them as seen by the latest healthcare legislation which is going to devastate middle class families . 
  he just wants them to think he 's helping them by rounding up minorities . 
   - beyond the very real threat of islamic terrorism that 's been fought against for several administrations , trump does n't really play on the idea that there 's some kind of `` plot '' against america . 
  really ?!, 
  he said global warming is a chinese conspiracy to hurt america and that they were manipulating their currency to destroy america . 
  every single speech he made during the campaign was about either a chinese or an islamic plot to destroy america from outside or within . 
  this one i ca n't quite believe anyone would hold the other view - i 've heard trumpettes argue that there is a chinese conspiracy or some other lunacy , but i 've never seen it denied that trump argues that there are . 
   - trump campaigned on the desire to not get involved in international conflict unless absolutely necessary . 
  `` pacifism is trafficking with the enemy '' does n't really count in my eyes . 
  except he repeatedly has said that he plans to go to the middle east and take their oil by force . 
  his response to north korea has been military posturing . 
  he uses nato as a weapon to attack his allies politically . 
  this one fits less i agree , but he 's also increased military spending vastly since taking power . 
   - `` contempt for the weak '' does n't really either . 
  i have n't seen any examples , at least . 
  try his supporters ' use of the word ` cuck ' for a start . 
  trump himself is a vapid strongman , who refers to all of his opponents as weak , sad , losers , all that stuff . 
  his foreign policy is where it shines through - ` we 'll make mexico pay for the wall and they ca n't stop us ' , ` nato is strong america paying for defending weak countries ' all that stuff . 
  then there 's his attacks on trans and minorities who have very little political power . 
   - i do n't really see `` the cult of heroism '' being a trump thing , either . 
  americans in general give off that attitude to me . 
  agreed .
