  it 's actually not a bad argument at all and is probably correct . 
  however , it presumes that the presence of eu citizens is a `` right , obligation or legal situation of the parties created through the execution of the treaty prior to its termination . '', 
  note that this does not necessarily require the active maintenance of provisions , otherwise exiting a treaty would be essentially pointless . 
  it seems to me more likely to require the settling of outstanding obligations and rights , and the recognition of existing situations . 
  now , it could well be argued that the presence of british people is a legal situation , but what does this actually require ? 
  * do countries have to give british citizens in their territory permanent residency ? 
  do they have the new obligation to do that ? 
  they did n't have the obligation to do so under the eu treaties , they merely had to allow them in and to stay indefinitely . 
  that was n't the same as the active granting of a visa or residency status . 
  * is their presence a legal situation or is it simply an ongoing , continually renewing obligation that has now passed ? 
  i think it 's unlikely that people would be evicted , but the government of , say , spain , could happily require that the brits living there start paying for their healthcare or return to the uk to apply for residency . 
  whether they will is a different question of course . 
  the healthcare issue is probably the most salient - currently the nhs pays for our healthcare abroad in the eu and it would not do so any more . 
  very relevant given the age of most british people in spain . 
  you 've nailed it there . 
  paris and frankfurt have been eyeing the city up for a while now . 
  they 'd be aggressively making business very attractive for the financial , legal , and professional services that would need a main eu base . 
  we make up a tiny fraction of other eu countries ' trade ( in the region of 3-8 % depending on the country ) , while the eu as a whole makes up 50 % of our trade , representing 15 % of our entire gdp . 
  now how exactly are we in a strong position during those talks ? 
  as the other poster said , the argument from remain is that the eu is fine and leaving would be really bad . 
  i mean , that 's not a bad reason to stay . 
  the leave argument is that the eu is bad and leaving would be good . 
  that would be a good argument if it was backed up by anything . 
  it 's hard to make a positive argument , therefore , without it becoming negative . 
  we get a huge amount from eu membership already : freedom of movement , goods and services , unified regulations that make trade significantly easier , vastly enhanced environmental protection compared to what countries typically achieve on their own , a huge upsurge in the markets of new members that provides us with new markets to trade in ( see poland especially ) , high standards of employment and safety rights , access to the entire market for our financial services , the solidification of london as the * de facto * economic capital of europe , and , yes , the continual maintenance of peace and prosperity in europe by aligning it together with common purpose - something that has n't happened really since the roman empire . 
  those are things we have already and that i feel most brexiters take for granted . 
  the point is that we would lose them and that would be really bad . 
  it would hurt people individually and hurt the economy generally . 
  it 's not fear mongering to say that - it 's just that we are trying to protect what we have from the eu . 
  people are making these arguments , they 're just not being reported on . 
  and then you have the leave campaign , who have , variously : * repeatedly lied about the # 350m/day figure , even when corrected . 
  * kept bringing up fears of turkey joining despite the fact that there is no evidence it will even come close in our lifetimes . 
  * claimed that the eu is literally hitler . 
  * said that the eu is a conspiracy to make a shadowy federal superstate . 
  * lied repeatedly about the ` ever closer union ' clause meaning that the eu has to seek to expand itself - this is a mistake when a normal person says it , a lie when a politician says it . 
  it does n't mean that at all in context . 
  my point is n't to say ` leave are actually the bigger fearmongering liars ' , but to say that it 's not fair to criticise the in campaign more heavily . 
  at least the in campaign 's ` fear mongering ' is mostly based on facts - losing the things i wrote about above - whereas lots of leave 's is just straight up lies and paranoia . 
   well yeah , but it 's not like britain will cease contact from the outside world . 
  they have tremendous bargaining power and many of their allies do n't care if they are in or out of eu . 
  but so much less bargaining power than the eu . 
  you ca n't on the one hand say that we have lots of power and would therefore get good deals , and then on the other hand say we would get a deal from the overwhelmingly more powerful eu . 
  that , plus you seem to be against ttip which is likely to be just about the most equitable agreement we are ever going to see from america , while you extol the virtue of making our own agreements from a much weaker position . 
  the above poster is right that the economy will and has already suffered from this . 
  it wo n't be a collapse in the country but it could easily be quite a serious economic setback , including a recession . 
  there have already been big slowdowns . 
  these are not things to wave away . 
  and it 's not fear mongering to point them out . 
  if you think that rejecting enhanced cooperation with europe is worth the economic pain , then sure go ahead and vote to leave . 
  just do n't complain when we end up in a crap position afterwards . 
  how do you know that ? 
  did the new pm call you from 2018 and let you know ? 
  seriously , i know they probably will be fine staying , but you have no way of knowing that . 
  people who have been here less than a few years may well have problems . 
  churchill was n't really a good guy - in terms of racial politics he 'd be much more at home with marine lepen and geert wilders . 
  he gleefully participated in all sorts of civilian massacres as a soldier , set up concentration camps in south africa , supported apartheid , declared the supremacy of the white race in parliament to justify more colonial war , wanted to have gandhi tortured and executed , and this is n't the full extent of his awfulness at all . 
  he only believed that white people should have democracy and that others should be subjugated . 
  he was n't even a man of his time - most of his contemporaries found him bloodthirsty and remarkably racist even for the period . 
  none of this is to say the allies were as bad as the nazis , or that churchill was worse than hitler obviously , just to point out that as an individual he certainly was n't ` good ' . 
  i get your point , but it 's actually deeper than you thought . 
  churchill 's comment is somewhat similar to erdogan 's because he was just as ( if not more ) bloodthirsty , brutal , and anti-democratic . 
  that made him a great ww2 leader , but there 's a reason he was ditched as quickly as possible after the war ended !, 
  does n't the pvv always do well in opinion polls then badly in elections ? 
  they seem to get a surge of support but then the people who like them either change their mind when voting or just do n't turn up . 
  yes , burglars are practically never armed in the uk , partly because guns are almost impossible to get , partly because a resident wo n't have a gun , and partly because they almost never break into somewhere knowing there 's someone at home . 
  i admit there 's a problem in the us in that guns are so rife that you ca n't now remove them as criminals will still have them . 
  here in europe it 's perfect because no one has them and burglars will almost always just flee if they realise someone is at home . 
  to be fair , juncker does n't have a fascist as his top adviser and has n't made speeches promising to silence anyone that criticises him . 
  you only believe that because you are suggesting thatcher was * right * in every way , and that other people knew she was right and were being dishonest about it . 
  you can argue thatcher was vindicated certainly . 
  but by describing her as ` honest ' , and by extension implying that pro-euro politicians are ` dishonest ' , all you are doing is throwing out your own preconceived conclusion . 
  tories enter vast deficits to pay for tax cuts for the rich that never translate into real economic growth . 
  labour raises taxes and manages the country 's finances properly , while overseeing huge growth . 
  yet people say labour are the fiscally incompetent party . 
  i think it was mostly iraq . 
  i have a broadly positive view of blair - his view that serious economic growth is necessary in order to a broad welfare state resonates with me . 
  by the end of the mew labour government , britain was vastly better in practically every way than it had been in 1997 . 
  thatcher is different in that the country was vastly better for some people and vastly worse for others . 
  i 'm of the view that the uk got better for almost everyone under blair and brown , even if it did n't improve at the same rate for everyone . 
  there 's also the immigration thing . 
  new labour allowed a huge quantity of immigration to fuel their economic growth , and so if someone hates immigrants they 're going to hate blair too . 
  i 'm the same as the other guy . 
  from my experience - middle class = shoes off , working class and upper class = shoes on . 
  i think because middle class people tend to choose things like white carpets whereas upper and working class people seem to have either darker carpets or no carpets . 
  mind you , i 'm middle class and i do n't care either way in my flat . 
  no carpets though . 
  i can see the whole turkish backlash in rotterdam tonight leading to a bigger vote for the pvv - the actual ` not racist but ... ' people . 
  they should be careful what they wish for . 
  the thing is that these people could always say ` it was awful , but we should look more to the future and the rest of our past as well as understanding how the holocaust happened ' . 
  but they always end up saying ` it was n't that bad guys , stop moaning about hitler already ' . 
  i do n't speak german , it 's just that from your description it seems these people are the same around the world . 
  my view is that you have to be intolerant of intolerance ( and nothing else ) . 
  ultimately , the le pen/farage/wilders / trump people are the other side of the same coin as the muslims who refuse to speak local language and think being gay should be a crime . 
  both groups are ignorant and hate groups of people because of what they are . 
  both are actively against western civilisation - the liberal , enlightened , progressive , empirical societies that we have been trying to create . 
  neither side can win if we are going to continue to develop . 
  the far right presents a much more credible threat to our society though . 
  yes . 
  there 's also the legend of [ winston 's hiccup ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/winston's_hiccup ) , although that probably is n't true . 
  i did n't mention either of those things .
