  you did . 
  as i said , you might have had a particularly atrocious history education which may lead you to believe that the holocaust was some big policy of hitler 's or that it 's the only thing he did . 
  mussolini did n't have a holocaust and he 's arguably much more comparable to rapin ' donny than hitler . 
  nowhere have i said that trump is literally hitler . 
  i said that he 's comparable to hitler . 
  sorry i wrote out a lengthy post and treated you like an adult . 
  what would trump have to do or say for you to consider him a proto-fascist ? 
  i highly recommend reading umberto eco - who lived through mussolini 's italy - on fascism . 
  [ link here ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/ ) he identifies very well that fascism is not a single monolithic entity . 
  it is very simple minded to shut down all criticism of a person based on their perceived fascism merely because they do n't fulfil every possible similarity to another fascist . 
  he identifies key traits of fascism , of which usually just some are present . 
  it 's worth a full read if you are genuinely interested as to why anyone would compare trump to mussolini or hitler , rather than being a mindless trumpette , but i have simplified the main traits for you , highlighting the ones i think trump fulfils : 1 . 
  ** the first feature of ur-fascism is the cult of tradition . 
  traditionalism is of course much older than fascism . 
  traditionalism implies the rejection of modernism . 
  ** irrationalism also depends on the cult of action for action 's sake . 
  action being beautiful in itself , it must be taken before , or without , any previous reflection . 
  thinking is a form of emasculation . 
  ** no syncretistic faith can withstand analytical criticism . 
  the critical spirit makes distinctions , and to distinguish is a sign of modernism . 
  in modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a way to improve knowledge . 
  for ur-fascism , disagreement is treason . 
  ** besides , disagreement is a sign of diversity . 
  ur-fascism grows up and seeks for consensus by exploiting and exacerbating the natural fear of difference . 
  the first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against the intruders . 
  thus ur-fascism is racist by definition . 
  ** ur-fascism derives from individual or social frustration . 
  that is why one of the most typical features of the historical fascism was the appeal to a frustrated middle class , a class suffering from an economic crisis or feelings of political humiliation , and frightened by the pressure of lower social groups . 
  ** to people who feel deprived of a clear social identity , ur-fascism says that their only privilege is the most common one , to be born in the same country . 
  this is the origin of nationalism . 
  besides , the only ones who can provide an identity to the nation are its enemies . 
  thus at the root of the ur-fascist psychology there is the obsession with a plot , possibly an international one . 
  the followers must feel besieged . 
  the easiest way to solve the plot is the appeal to xenophobia . 
  but the plot must also come from the inside : jews are usually the best target because they have the advantage of being at the same time inside and outside . 
  in the us , a prominent instance of the plot obsession is to be found in pat robertson 's the new world order , but , as we have recently seen , there are many others . 
  ** the followers must feel humiliated by the ostentatious wealth and force of their enemies . 
  when i was a boy i was taught to think of englishmen as the five-meal people . 
  they ate more frequently than the poor but sober italians . 
  for ur-fascism there is no struggle for life but , rather , life is lived for struggle . 
  elitism is a typical aspect of any reactionary ideology , insofar as it is fundamentally aristocratic , and aristocratic and militaristic elitism cruelly implies contempt for the weak . 
  ur-fascism can only advocate a popular elitism . 
  every citizen belongs to the best people of the world , the members of the party are the best among the citizens , every citizen can ( or ought to ) become a member of the party . 
  in such a perspective everybody is educated to become a hero . 
  in every mythology the hero is an exceptional being , but in ur-fascist ideology , heroism is the norm . 
  ** since both permanent war and heroism are difficult games to play , the ur-fascist transfers his will to power to sexual matters . 
  this is the origin of machismo ( which implies both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits , from chastity to homosexuality ) . 
  ur-fascism is based upon a selective populism , a qualitative populism , one might say . 
  in a democracy , the citizens have individual rights , but the citizens in their entirety have a political impact only from a quantitative point of view -- one follows the decisions of the majority . 
  for ur-fascism , however , individuals as individuals have no rights , and the people is conceived as a quality , a monolithic entity expressing the common will . 
  since no large quantity of human beings can have a common will , the leader pretends to be their interpreter . 
  ur-fascism speaks newspeak . 
  newspeak was invented by orwell , in 1984 , as the official language of ingsoc , english socialism . 
  but elements of ur-fascism are common to different forms of dictatorship . 
  all the nazi or fascist schoolbooks made use of an impoverished vocabulary , and an elementary syntax , in order to limit the instruments for complex and critical reasoning . 
  the thing is that you can of course disagree but the point is that i have multiple rational reasons for considering trump to be a fascist in the making . 
  it 's not a fallacy to compare someone to hitler * with reasons for doing so * . 
  it 's a logical fallacy to say someone is hitler when you do n't have any reasons for that . 
  i think it may be that your history education was quite poor because you seem only capable of fixating on jews and the holocaust . 
  both were not the key to hitler 's , and certainly not mussolini 's success , and were not the core of their ideologies . 
  you also did n't answer my question :  what would trump have had to say or do during his run to convince you that he is a proto-fascist ? 
  i 'm not trying to label him as anything . 
  i 'm pointing out that he has a lot of similarities . 
  honestly , if hitler actually came back and redid the exact same thing in a modern world , we 'd be having the same conversation - you saying that i 'm just driving people away by pointing out his fascism , and me pointing out that he 's terrible . 
  the third reich did n't come about overnight . 
  it was n't at all obvious what hitler was doing . 
  most people in germany loved him , and thought of jews in much the same way that trump supporters think of mexicans . 
  it got gradually worse . 
  there was n't one single thing you can point to and say ` this is hitler , and everyone in germany therefore knew about it and supported concentration camps ' . 
  out of interest , what would trump have had to say or do during his run to convince you that he is a proto-fascist ? 
  it 's a serious question . 
  hitler ran on very similar platforms to trump and i ca n't think of anything defining that trump did n't somehow echo . 
  would he literally have to start gassing people ? 
  because i think we can all agree that there was more to hitler than the holocaust . 
  most germans either did n't know or had an inkling and did n't want to know . 
  i 'm not saying trump is literally hitler , i 'm saying there 's a lot of similarities . 
  and i seem to remember him saying before the election that the election was rigged and that ` second amendment people will do something ' about clinton . 
  i have no doubt that many of his supporters would have attempted to start armed insurrection if he 'd lost . 
  you seem to be demanding that someone is literally biographically identical to hitler before being compared . 
  it 's a ridiculous standard - simply a disingenuous way to shut down legitimate criticisms of trump based on the fact that he uses fascist rhetoric and techniques . 
  it does n't apply to trump because he actually does display numerous similar characteristics to hitler . 
  the fallacy only applies when you completely unjustifiably compare someone to hitler . 
  a lot of republicans compared obama to hitler , and say that gun control = naziism . 
  a lot of very left wing people compare the uk conservative party to the nazis . 
  those comparisons are ridiculous because they are n't really anything alike . 
  whereas trump has numerous similarities . 
  [ just ask american holocaust survivors ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/in-the-age-of-trump-grim-warnings-from-holocaust-survivors/2016/01/27/c65ea38c-c549-11e5-8965-0607e0e265ce_story.html%3f0p19g%3de ) . 
  maybe you 're american where there 's loads of nazis openly protesting and killing people , as opposed to germany where there are n't . 
  if the goal is to have no nazis then one approach clearly works and the other does n't . 
  free speech is like a religion in the usa . 
  it 's what 's led to the rise of the far right in trump et al because people equate it with ` i 'm free to express anything so therefore anything i express is valid ' . 
  that 's not to say freedom of expression is n't extremely valuable , it 's just that there 's literally zero value in tolerating nazis . 
  the ` but then the exceptions might expand to cover you ' argument is hysterical - the simple answer is ` so stick to nazis ' . 
  their entire philosophy is to oppress and murder people who are different from them . 
  they deserve to get destroyed . 
  even in the usa , shouting fire in a crowded theatre is n't legal . 
  expressing naziism is exactly the same principle . 
  before anyone makes a slippery slope argument - nope , just talking about nazis . 
  that 's it . 
  70 years ago we went and killed nazis and we are still proud of it , but now we have morons chanting ` free speech ' in solidarity with nazis .
