  never . 
  restraint and sense seem to be alien . 
  caring and getting a say is brilliant . 
  unrestricted spending/buying elections is total madness . 
   we really care about politics , and we really like spending about it . 
  i know , it 's fucking lunacy . 
  you should n't go around saying things like ` people are treated as corporations ' when you have no idea what you 're saying . 
  sorry if i 've upset you . 
  well if you 're not going to read legal sources then i do n't know why you think your opinion on corporate personhood has any value . 
  meads v meads is n't an opinion - it 's a court case . 
  it is literally law in canada that thoroughly debunks all of the ludicrous arguments made by freemen-on-the-land , including corporate nonsense , and is cited by english judges as persuasive authority , the reasoning of which applies exactly to all cases in england and wale . 
  it even has a contents section to make it easier for you . 
  for a starting point you can look at page 94 on the split persons argument , which is what you were talking about . 
  that 's total rubbish . 
  you should read [ meads v meads ] ( https://www.canlii.org/en/ab/abqb/doc/2012/2012abqb571/2012abqb571.pdf ) for a thorough debunking of any idea that a person is a corporation in law . 
  not what i said mate . 
  without legal personality , business ca n't function any more . 
  it worked ok in 1750 when businesses were mostly about merchants shipping cargo around in their ships , but in the day of publicly traded companies and complex business , it would be impossible to have contracts without them having legal personality and the means to enforce them . 
  i 'd love to hear a suggestion of an alternative system where businesses ca n't sign contracts . 
  interesting link , i 'll be having a closer read . 
  thanks , 
  cool . 
  i actually agree with you but fundamentally disagree that corporate personhood is the problem . 
  it should be illegal in america for anyone to spend so much money electioneering . 
  but that limitation is not possible because spending money is equated to free speech . 
  the problem therefore is n't that corporations are permitted to have constitutional rights , but that those constitutional rights are expanded to include spending vast sums of money on political ads . 
  that 's actually almost my point . 
  tpp might be roughly indicative of what the deal will cover , but it will likely be much more advantageous for the eu . 
  every international treaty is negotiated in secret otherwise they 'd never get anywhere due to the hysterical responses from both parties ' media to every suggestion . 
  politicians would be forced to play hardball and no agreement would ever be reached . 
  for god 's sake , the international criminal court , the european convention on human rights , the geneva conventions , and the un charter were all negotiated in secret . 
  are they evil shadowy treaties ? 
  this hysteria about the fact it is in secret is absolutely ridiculous . 
  look at tpp for an idea of what ttip might contain . 
  and wait for the actual text . 
  once it 's out , we can all have a big debate about the material and our national elected governments will decide whether or not to agree to it . 
  what ? 
  how on earth ? 
  the issue is with the undue influence of money in american elections . 
  it has nothing to do with corporate personhood . 
  that 's a gross misrepresentation of corporate personhood . 
  the concept has existed in some form since the late 1700s and without it , corporations would be unable to enter into contracts or appear in court - they would have to be considered as the same identity as their owners - so a public company 's court case would have to list every shareholder as the claimant or respondent , and if they lost then the shareholders would be personally liable for any debt . 
  just as an example . 
  in the us , certain rights have been granted to corporations because they are fundamentally groups of people . 
  the reasoning is that by grouping together with others you do n't lose your constitutional rights . 
  i 'm sceptical of whether this should be extended to the legal entity itself , but you ca n't lose your rights just because you are part of a corporation . 
  the free speech argument , for instance , is more complicated than it might seem . 
  should the fact that mlk led a large group mean that they could be prevented from protesting ? 
  if not , then why does the fact that citizens united is a group of people mean that they ca n't exercise their speech rights too ? 
  the issue with all of that is with saying that money is the same thing as freedom of speech . 
  the issue is n't with corporate personhood itself . 
  funny how that logic only applies to trump on reddit . 
  clinton gets goldman 's endorsement and she may as well be hitler . 
  prefacing by pointing that ` optimal ' is a nonsense term in law . 
  laws are enacted to achieve different goals . 
  i do n't agree with the right on the goals , so i do n't agree on what legislation is ` optimal ' . 
  eu legislation is not perfect by any means , but legislation on the same topics enacted by the tories would probably be worse . 
   if you think that the regulation that the eu imposes is currently optimal , then of course the uk would n't change that regulation . 
  i categorically disagree . 
  the tories have been very clear with an anti-environment , anti-worker agenda . 
  and i do n't trust them one bit on financial regulation , product standards or consumer rights . 
  ukip have been even clearer that they are a neo-thatcherite party who want companies to have the freedom to do practically anything , whether that be at-will employment or pollution . 
   however , if you think that the regulation that the eu imposes is optimal , then i have no idea why you would mind the uk complying with it when we are outside the eu . 
  i do n't mind us complying with it now - that 's my whole point . 
  if we left then either leaving is pointless because we do n't get a say in the eu law but still have to comply , or it is bad because we cut all our ties and do n't have to comply but then almost certainly lower all of the regulatory standards . 
   outside the eu our parliamentary democracy will be accountable for legislation . 
  we 're not too poor , too wee or stupid to make good laws . 
  no one is arguing that the british parliament is incapable of making legislation . 
  it makes legislation all day every day . 
  but * a lot * of legislation proposed here is ineffective and frankly bad - take the recently passed drug legislation , widely considered by all experts and lawyers to be the worst-drafted piece of legislation passed by parliament since the witch hunts . 
  there are also huge economic benefits in having unified legislative standards across the eu , which is n't to say that parliament ca n't make law . 
  no one is making the argument that we are too poor , small or stupid . 
  we are saying that there are huge benefits to being part of a unified market with unified regulatory standards in numerous areas . 
  so we should play ball and cooperate with our neighbours rather than whine about how parliament should make all the laws . 
  sure , and i do n't think that the argument that eu law should n't apply to products to be sold only in the uk is a bad one . 
  it 's just that realistically , very very few of those standards would be different unless we want to significantly lower consumer protection , food safety , environmental legislation etc etc. 
  so my view is that it 's pointless and just throws up a big barrier for no reason , * or * it is part of a right wing agenda to destroy the above things as well as employment rights and financial regulation . 
  businesses in the uk are n't really crippled by unnecessary red tape , regardless of what the right wing press might have you believe . 
  so then we lose access to the european single market . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  if you want to sell products in the eu , everything has to be compliant with eu law - obviously . 
  whether the eu would accept free movement of goods without persons is a different matter , but they certainly do n't have to . 
  and even if they do , we would still have to be compliant with most eu legislation in order to do trade . 
  yeah i live in zone 1 tower hamlets . 
  lots of racists on reddit seem to have a problem with it but it 's pretty good ... also know a friend paying 730 in north london for a room in a lovely flat . 
  yeah 700 can get you a perfectly acceptable place in a reasonable area . 
  lots of shit out there though , of course , so a lot of people do end up paying more and getting worse . 
  in london , living with your friends in shared housing is absolutely the norm for anyone under 30 , regardless of your profession . 
  and that will still cost you # 700/month . 
  it 's madness , but living with people is actually good as it combats loneliness , means there are people around to notice if there is something wrong , and is a much more efficient use of space . 
  i always take it to mean the average quality of ingredients and restaurant food that can be paid for by an average person . 
  every developed country has a few michelin star restaurants and a load of people who ca n't be bothered to cook good food at home , but are the basic ingredients in a supermarket available at high quality and low-medium cost , and are the average inexpensive restaurants of a high quality ? 
  no matter how good a cook someone is , if they get amazing ingredients in one country and terrible ingredients in another for the same price then their cooking will be better or worse by country unless price is no object . 
  the only person saying that is you . 
  i 've never seen a genuinely good discussion of rape laws on reddit so you might want to reconsider that . 
  most of it is just reactionaries wanking each other off about ` false rape accusations ' and ` dae le feminists ?! ', 
  absolutely . 
  at the same time we have to try not to become hypocritical and jumping on ` false rape allegations ' as some huge epidemic like they do . 
  i 'm sure there genuinely is an issue with crime in general around certain refugees , but it gets extremely clouded by the way these things are reported . 
  it 's not a muslim problem though , and it is n't a reason to not help people fleeing syria .
