  so , for instance , you can ban fracking outright - that is fine . 
  what would be illegal would be to ban fracking * only when done by american companies * . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  yes that 's what i said . 
  the government wins in the vast majority of cases . 
  i did n't say anything like that . 
  isds is ultimately about fairness - stopping governments from treating investors unfairly . 
  it helps everyone because your pension fund and bank are investors . 
  so the last thing we want is for the investments to be expropriated by unfair practices of foreign governments . 
  there is a good reason for isds aside from unreliable courts . 
  courts have to follow the domestic law . 
  so say a country persuades a foreign company to invest # 1bn in a new nuclear power plant . 
  then immediately passes a law saying that all nuclear power plants belong to the government with no compensation to be given . 
  that 's straight up theft , but domestic courts are unable to rule against the government of that is the domestic law . 
  an international tribunal uses international law to decide whether discrimination or unfair expropriation has taken place , so can decide independently whether the expropriation is legal . 
  in the vast majority of investment cases , the government wins . 
  isds is not shady , and is firmly rooted in the western legal system . 
  it was invented in ancient greece and is used mostly by european and american investors , run mostly by european and american lawyers , and using mostly european and american legal principles . 
  i 've already written at length about the plain packaging case - i think it 's my second most up voted comment if you want to check ( which i do n't think you do ) . 
  they are n't going to win - it 's a delaying tactic , which is n't ideal but does n't actually mean that plain packaging laws will be made illegal . 
  using these kinds of arguments against ttip is just stupid because you completely discredit yourself . 
  question regulatory standards for food products , for instance . 
  but the arbitration aspect is just a non-issue . 
  it 's a standard thing that has existed for decades in its current form , and centuries in some form . 
  you would need to be complaining about every investment agreement your country has ever signed to be making a credible argument against it . 
  making it illegal to download copyrighted material is n't an assault on democracy though . 
  like , not even close . 
  sounds like the perfect city for you then !, 
  good luck . 
  i 've spent a lot of time there . 
  is harder to fall in love with than amsterdam or utrecht , but it has much more depth to it imo . 
  once you know your way around , there 's an absolutely thriving culture , great nightlife , lots to see and do , and really central in the country so you can get out to other cities easily too . 
  it 's not for everyone , but it 's a really cool place . 
  we do n't have a written constitution - parliament can pass any law by majority at any time . 
  so parliament could change it tomorrow if they wanted to . 
  brexit has n't happened so i do n't really know what you mean . 
  the argument was n't that the vote to leave would trigger those things , the argument was that actually leaving will do it . 
  love the markthal - so much amazing food there . 
  rotterdam is such an awesome city if you know where to go !, 
  lol its totes ok that so many kippers hate gays cuz thats not homo * phobia * lol . 
  or you 're an idiot . 
  either/or i suppose . 
   the big unknown is ukip . 
  if it re-orients its economic views more towards the left , it could fulfull that role for middle england even more , but as long as an ex-city of london type as farage sits at the helm , i view that as unlikely , if not impossible . 
  do n't think for a second that farage represents the city . 
  he is generally considered an absolute joke here - a loathsome , useless man who has done more than any other individual to damage the economy of the u.k. ukip is a hard right party in the style of us republicans . 
  they do n't believe in climate change , most of their ` senior ' members are homophobic , racist or both , and they want to essentially scrap all government provision for the poor and privatise the nhs . 
  they 're not moving leftwards any time soon . 
  are you a belligerent child too ? 
  nope , it 's a vote against britain and the british people . 
  i 'm aware it 's been trendy to talk about fearmongering , but it is literally impossible that this wo n't have horrendous impacts on the majority of us . 
  hundreds of thousands of jobs will be going , everything will be more expensive , and the markets are about to tank . 
  ` sovereignty ' ai n't going to mean much when we 're poor . 
  feel free !, 
  the reason it will be bad if we leave is because we will lose access to the single market . 
  it 's an argument against doing something , of course it 's negative . 
  if i said ` do n't stab yourself , it will hurt ' , you do n't say ` why do n't you tell me about the positives of * not * stabbing myself you fearmonger ? ', 
  pensions obviously are at risk - there is every chance that the markets are going to suffer quite badly . 
  if your pension is diversified across europe and the world then you might be fine ( or not depending on the deal we get ) , but if the fund is concentrated in the uk then you could be in some real trouble . 
  again , this is n't scaremongering because you do n't like it . 
  i do n't understand how ? 
  most of the ` scaremongering ' has been raising legitimate concerns . 
  there are equal legitimate concerns that can be raised on the brexit side , but they have chosen to lie and exaggerate at every turn . 
  yes but they were wrong . 
  remain is saying that leaving would cause massive economic instability and we are unlikely to secure good trade deals . 
  that 's called ` scaremongering ' . 
  when brexit say that a billion brown people are going to move to britain and rape everyone , it 's called ` truth telling ' . 
  well it depends does n't it . 
  it 's not likely to be a landslide either way and will probably rest on who actually turns up . 
  in that context , i do n't think anything will really be a ` slap in the face ' . 
  especially if half the country do n't bother to vote . 
  well i suppose that if you 're a straight white man like me you can afford to have far right madmen running the country . 
  ted cruz is the very definition of an extremist politician . 
  if you look at his views on social issues , particularly gay people and women , the prospect of his election was even more terrifying than trump . 
  yeah i live in one of the ` no go zones ' in east london and it 's absolutely fine - muslim neighbours , mosques , all of that . 
  there 's alcohol everywhere , people are generally quiet and pleasant . 
  good schools . 
  i think it 's telling that most anti-immigration sentiment comes out of the areas with the least immigration . 
  people are scared of what they do n't know . 
  that 's not to downplay certain issues with integration , of course - there definitely are two streams of immigrant and ghettoisation helps no one . 
  it 's just not the apocalypse that a lot of people seem to think . 
  yes certainly , i understand that . 
  the facts , of course , are the eu immigration and emigration are very beneficial to britain and british people . 
  and most anti-immigration sentiment is driven by asian and arabic immigrants . 
  but let 's not mind that . 
   as for keeping the peace , i 'd say the eu , its structures and the way it is governed is the biggest threat to peace in contemporary europe . 
  it 's a catastrophe . 
  i hope you never accuse anyone of fearmongering . 
  christ . 
  an actual invasion of a sovereign nation on our border perpetrated by russia . 
  an enormous influx of refugees caused by climate change and civil war . 
  far right populists coming close to seizing power across europe . 
  and bendy bananas are the biggest threat to the continent . 
  but not necessarily . 
  some of our most powerful and successful industries are financial services , legal , and professional services . 
  paris and frankfurt have been eyeing those opportunities up for years . 
  it 's enormously in their interests to cut us out and aim to become the financial and legal centres of emea operations . 
  just as an example . 
  from the telegraph i see . 
  thanks for linking ...
