  i do n't understand , however , how more direct recalls etc would get toffs out . 
  a lot of voters want toffs in power , otherwise we would n't have a conservative government . 
  being a toff is n't enough to be recalled ( and nor should it be imo , despite being very left wing ) . 
  how do you feel about the argument that someone like gideon osborne is n't in politics for the money because he is extremely rich , whereas a working class mp would get paid considerably less than minimum wage for the number of hours they do ? 
  i understand the argument but reducing mp salaries is likely to lead to more toffs because they are already incredibly rich and do n't give a shit about the money . 
  i think people suggest that the fans should n't be bled so hard for season tickets and the like . 
  campaign funds can be spent on five star hotels and luxury restaurants so that the candidate never needs to pay for any of that . 
  it 's not as simply as you 're making out . 
  yeah i wondered about that . 
  the council of europe does unpaid internships , but is unrelated to the eu . 
  i 've never heard of anyone doing an unpaid internship in brussels . 
  not in london . 
  and turn up in an atos centre confused and with no memory of the previous two month . 
  no idea why , but i thought this was going to be a joke with line drawn through the middle of belgium . 
  defending yourself against a legitimate threat is usually legal . 
  killing someone for stealing an item , where your life is not in danger , absolutely should not be . 
  there 's a whole grey area in the middle , but basically if there is a good reason for you to fear for your life then lethal force is justified . 
  problem is that people like you fetishise the killing of petty criminals . 
  self defence is one thing . 
  killing for petty crime is another . 
  and now we do n't . 
  you have to be utterly paranoid to genuinely think that the world today is comparable to the world in 1913 or 1944 . 
  oh man , thank you so much for this . 
  it 's just about the most delusional , ridiculous american right wing rant i 've ever read . 
  gave me a right old chuckle . 
  your aunt might be a murderer , by the way . 
  self defence proportionality takes into account all of the factors you ranted about . 
  a small woman threatened by a large man absolutely has the right to use extreme force , in most european law too . 
  the thing is that an adult does n't have the right to savagely beat a small child to death for punching them . 
  proportionate force means using what is necessary to secure yourself . 
  so sometimes killing absolutely is the proportionate response . 
  often it is n't . 
  if your aunt had called the police and then waited in her bedroom with the gun pointed at the door waiting for him to enter , that would absolutely have been reasonable . 
  marching downstairs and shooting someone with no warning ... well that 's how [ this happens ] ( http://www.denverpost.com/news/ci_24794213/stepdad-who-shot-teen-girl-is-decorated-fort ) . 
  so what you 're saying is that you 're happy with the idea that a small number of radicals with guns could bring the entire country to a standstill ? 
  assuming this is ok , does it matter who they are ? 
  let 's say we have a bunch of rednecks who think clinton is evil and decide to start shooting federal agents . 
  is that legitimate ? 
  let 's say a large group of neo-nazis turn up in a majority black city and start shooting everyone in response to a new anti-discrimination law . 
  legitimate ? 
  what if a group of communists storm the capitol in an effort to take over the country . 
  legitimate ? 
  see , the problem with it is that it 's not legitimate ever . 
  we do n't live in the 1700s any more - the modern democratic system means that all voices can be heard . 
  you ca n't have people then just whipping out their guns and shooting because they do n't get their way . 
   george washington put down numerous rebellions after the revolutionary war by armed americans , who felt that the democratic process had royally screwed them . 
  even after these rebellions he maintained the importance of the right to firearms because believe it or not , they are part of the democratic process . 
  before you contrive this to mean something else , i will say that it is a means of last resort . 
  after the whiskey rebellion for instance , the federal government and the kentucky distillers came to an agreement . 
  no problems since . 
  so you 're saying that the us government has a long history of putting down armed rebellions . 
  and still think this is a feasible scenario . 
  the problem is that when force enters the equation , anyone can just decide to pick up arms . 
  above , someone ( not sure if it was you ) suggested that sanders becoming president and enacting stricter gun control would be a reason for violent rebellion . 
  how exactly does that play out ? 
  i dare say there are people who think obamacare was a justification for armed rebellion . 
  or that gay marriage is . 
  the problem is that once you say that armed rebellion against a * democratic government * can be legitimate , you basically say you no longer believe in democracy at all . 
  it 's one thing if the government goes totalitarian . 
  it 's another if an elected leader enacts policy that they were elected to bring . 
  look at the bundy ranch debacle - those idiots thought that having to pay taxes was a legitimate cause for arming up and violently resisting their legal responsibilities . 
   also , you do understand that every law you follow is enforced eventually at some point by men with guns yes ? 
  if those laws suddenly threaten your way of life and no amount of legislation can stop it . 
  you will do what exactly ? 
  the thing is that this is quite a childish mentality . 
  of course legislation is enforced - but that 's not how it gains its legitimacy . 
  it gains its legitimacy through a democratic mandate . 
  you campaign within the political system for a different policy - you do n't pick up guns and start shooting because you did n't get your way . 
   the right to own guns is a contingency plan . 
  it is written in our constitution that our nation is one of checks and balances . 
  that includes a check on our own government , not just a check on government by the government . 
  no , it means that if necessary this check on power can be done through force by the people if need be . 
  personally i read the second amendment as it was probably originally intended - a preservation of states ' rights rather than an individual right . 
  and as a method of supplementing the defence of the state . 
  i have never seen any actual evidence to suggest that it exists to promote armed uprising by a group of partisans . 
  let 's face it - no such rebellion would ever be a majority of people unless the electoral system of the usa had been changed , as if the majority were discontent they would vote for a different government . 
  the reading that suggests it is a purely individual right , existing as a check against the government , completely and utterly neglects the ` state militia ' part . 
  the whole thing is appallingly drafted to begin with , but to toss out what is clearly an integral part of the amendment seems to be disingenuous at best . 
   look at it this way , you 're completely , wrong . 
  you 've got it backwards , the reason the government does n't even think about becoming tyrannical is because it knows how well armed the population is . 
  you take guns away and suddenly that check on power is gone . 
  when you lower the cost of enacting tyranny , you only make it more probable , maybe not today or tomorrow , but someday some group will say `` ok i think we can win , no guns after all '' . 
  whereas before they would n't even think about it . 
  nice of you to get so upset about this . 
  i 'd point you to the fact that most other countries - especially in europe - are much freer and more liberal than the usa , despite there being no armed populace . 
  the idea that the us government and legislature ever makes policy based on a genuine fear of armed uprising is , again , frankly delusional . 
  they may often consider the sovereignty of the people , but not out of fear of some rednecks with rifles . 
  i mean , this position is only even possible to hold if you think that western european countries are tyrannical regimes . 
  in reality , we enjoy a much higher level of personal and political freedom , and the legislative process in most is significantly more democratic than in america , driven mainly by proportional voting systems . 
  it simply is n't a factor in reality . 
   well you see in america , the military is loyal to the american people . 
  not 1 person , not even the president . 
  what happens if the queen supports the fascist regime taking power ? 
  what then ? 
  does that not bother you in the slightest ? 
  that 1 person has so much unquestioning influence ? 
  why are you so comfortable with allowing a monopoly of force onto so few instead of one that 's distributed ? 
  a couple of things : 1 . 
  again you 've ignored my main point - that if the army remain loyal guns are pointless , and if they do n't then guns are unnecessary . 
  the likelihood of a government becoming fascist in a democratic european country is so vanishingly small that for that chance to align with the monarch being a fascist is practically zero .
