was n't navarra also conquered by the moors ? 
  your revolt in 1640 helped us secede from the iberian union in 1640 . 
  thanks . 
  i would love to see an independent catalunya and an independent galicia . 
  if you 're from asturias , you 're more spanish than the castilians ... 
  our king complained when the rebranding took place . 
   on its own hospitals and schools . 
  assad 's `` own hospitals and schools '' are alawite shia , not sunni . 
  exactly . 
  after all , the war in syria and iraq is a proxy war between saudi arabia and iran . 
  remember 1453 , traitor . 
  saudi arabia wo n't take shia refugees . 
  they already have enough trouble with their own shia in southwestern saudi arabia , which has an ethnic yemeni population . 
  he 's a cuckservative , not an actual conservative . 
  centralized public schooling was one of the missions of the catholic church . 
  may 1498 : [ vasco da gama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasco_da_gama ) 's fleet reaches india . 
   jan sobieski iii is n't it `` jan iii sobieski '' ? 
  not the kremlin . 
   yes , ethnic lithuanians and grand dukes of lithuania spoke in lithuanian language , but wrote in ruthenian . 
  very interesting !!, 
  when did that start ? 
  was there a time when lithuanians were simultaneously worshiping perkunas , speaking lithuanian and writing in ruthenian ? 
  so , ethnic lithuanians spoke a baltic language and wrote in an east slavic one ? 
  what does christianity have to do with writing ? 
  for instance , not all pagans in pre-roman hispania were illiterate . 
  only most of them . 
  lastly , did n't lithuania adopt the czech alphabet after wwi ? 
  it certainly is n't the polish one ... 
  that is not what i meant ... 
  my friends from minsk tell me that lithuania back then was very different from what we now call lithuania . 
  still made lots of great contributions to mankind . 
  if belittling your ancestors turns you on , go ahead , though ... 
  to kill and to assassinate are n't the same . 
  all assassins are killers , but not all killers are assassins . 
  they were the only ones to occupy the kremlin , though . 
  portugal was born in 1143 . 
  that was over 8 centuries ago . 
  by the time you finished the * reconquista * in 1492 , spain did n't even exist . 
  we are all * hispanic * . 
  hispanic , not spanish . 
  they were still invaders . 
  you spanish are too slow . 
  our * reconquista * ended in 1249 . 
  by the time you finished yours , we were already in the indian ocean trying to find a sea route to india . 
  the [ battle of alc\u00e1cer quibir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc%c3%a1cer_quibir ) ( 1578 ) . 
  the childless king dom sebasti\u00e3o and much of the portuguese nobility died . 
  thousands were killed and imprisoned . 
  the succession crisis that followed led to 60 years of spanish rule , the temporary dissolution of the anglo-portuguese alliance , and the loss of colonies all over the world . 
  when the `` invaders '' are the previous owners , the word `` defensive '' is a bit ludicrous . 
  we still love you ... 
  kissinger never assassinated anyone . 
  that time when the poles reached the moscow kremlin was worse . 
  napoleon and hitler never got there . 
  italy did n't materialize out of thin air in the mid 19th century ... 
  spanish history is also glorious if you do n't cherry-pick the worst moments . 
  i am sure the romans and the celts were seen as invaders at one point , too . 
  yet , when you own land due to military conquest and fight invaders , you fight a defensive war , by definition . 
  by the time the moors invaded , the peninsula had been a visigothic kingdom for over a 100 years . 
  of course the * reconquista * was defensive . 
  pelayo spins in his grave , traitor . 
  not all wines have the same alcohol level . 
  hence , the total volume of ethanol contained in consumed wine is computed , then the * per capita * figure is computed , and then the figure is multiplied by 1 / 0.13 to get the equivalent volume of 13 % wine . 
  that is not what is assumed . 
  what is assumed is that 13 % of the wine is ethanol . 
  the land boundaries of europe are the urals and the caucasus . 
  armenia and azerbaijan are in the caucasus . 
  [ many russians think that those who smile a lot are not really healthy mentally ] ( http://www.pravdareport.com/society/sex/22-03-2011/117282-russian_smile-0/ ) ( 2011 ), 
  you can feed the soil with composted pig manure , too . 
  the thing is that i eat bacon , not earthworms . 
  i think you meant norway . 
  not everywhere . 
  in most places it 's just landfilled . 
  temperature increases or decreases due to the flow of heat , though . 
  pig can be eaten . 
  do you eat compost ? 
  of course energy will be released , but ideally it will feed a few humans in the process , rather than earthworms . 
  compost heaps can get to 70 + celsius . 
  do you know pigs that hot ? 
  pigs store the chemical energy in food in the form of muscle and lard . 
  one can eat the muscle and the lard is fuel that can be burned to generate heat . 
  loss of what ? 
  composting generates heat . 
  better keep a pig alive than infinitesimally warm the atmosphere . 
  pig excrement can also be used to generate biogas . 
  food waste -  pig -  bacon + biogas, 
  yes , but those were overseas provinces . 
  of course . 
  isis ca n't even conquer the levant ... 
  13th century , actually . 
  the algarve was conquered in 1249 . 
   the people assad invited in , however , grew large enough to start an actual civil war . 
  the sunni arabs were a majority in syria long before 2003 . 
   this is the best you could come up with ? 
  if you want proper research , pay me . 
   sure , but that does not absolve them of responsibility from the choices they made to accomplish that goal . 
  they got the americans out of iraq and avoided being invaded . 
  even if 100,000 alawites have been killed , that 's only some 5 % of the alawite population . 
  if one starts playing the blame game , one can blame sykes and picot , too . 
  and why not the ottomans ? 
  and why not the mongols , for destroying the third caliphate ?
