  those are all committed by swedish biker gangs . 
  apply force . 
  there is no fence on the croatian border . 
  it 's their fault . 
  what 's wrong with a hungarian flag and why should one of the most toxic states on earth influence the eu ? 
  what did you expect ? 
  every user with anarchist flair on this sub is a leftist delusional moron . 
  you know you adopted the shitty us ideals when vitaly is a role model . 
  except that this is bullshit . 
  we have democracy in hungary . 
  the entire country is full of pretty insulting anti-orban banners , and no one is taking them down , and protests are allowed . 
  if you did the same in the us , you 'd commit `` suicide '' or rot in guantanamo bay . 
  compare this to the '' socialist , liberal '' former government : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary . '', 
  mounted police charges , tear gas , rubber bullets , and water cannons were used to force back the crowd . 
  rubber bullets were frequently aimed head-high , causing a large number of injuries ; a man lost the sight of one eye due to a rubber bullet '', 
  that 's an understatement . 
  swedish rant incoming about you being a nazi . 
  in budapest there are a lot of immigrants and the youth generally speaks english . 
  stop bullshitting . 
  yeah , the western media is a joke . 
  it 's only bad if russia does something , the us does nothing wrong . 
  99 % of your comments contain the words '' extreme right wing propaganda '' . 
  it tells a lot about who you are . 
  america is not a moral high ground , even if we sent home every single immigrant , we would be like 10 times more humanitarian than the us . 
  surveillance , torture , supporting israel without question etc. 
  do you actually think that you 're being funny and smart ? 
  translate to french pls, 
  maybe the reason is that corruption is rampant in romania and if you bribe the guards at the borders you can smuggle anything you want into romania from ukraine/moldova ? 
  if romania joined schengen , the smugglers could get into romania and transport their stuff without risk all the way to the netherlands ? 
  this might be true now , but this is the reason why our goal should be a stronger and more unified eu . 
  right now the us is sadly the leading power of the world , and they are doing a god awful job at it , and the us is a shitty country with a shitty culture and they should not be role models . 
  this american monoculture starts to be really degrading for our society . 
  the eu could do a far better job at leading the world , we have mostly superior culture and politics , we could be the role model instead of a country where the majority of the people are dumb ignorant fat corporate slaves working 25 hours a day so they can be able to pay off their student debt and medical charges , the politics are seriously fucked up ( it 's kind of a corporation-controlled fake democracy ) , and the foreign politics are upsetting ( overthrowing governments , starting stupid wars , a lot of shady secrets and lies , global surveillance , etc. 
  we just need more unification and a stronger voice . 
  and how much of that threat is just us propaganda ? 
  do you seriously think that russia would ever consider directly attacking the eu only because they kind-of attacked some russian-majority parts of ukraine ? 
  they have absolutely no reason to do it . 
  they would lose a war against us . 
  we are russia 's most important trade partner . 
  the us is constantly trying to influence our politics , they are funding pro-us parties all across europe while lobbying in the european commission ( see ttip ) and spreading propaganda . 
  and as much as / r/europe likes to circlejerk about hungary being a hopeless shithole , we have the second highest gdp growth so far in this year after ireland iirc . 
   how about we do n't have a boss ? 
  yes , this is my dream and the biggest thing i dislike about the eu is that our leaders do n't want independence and a strong and independent position in global affairs , they just want to be an us puppet , and as long as the eu sucks up to the us , i will be an eurosceptic , as much as i like the eu as an idea and i 'd like europe to be united as much as possible . 
  just in time we have some alternative besides the fucking us . 
  why do you love the us so much ? 
  why does everyone think that russia is our enemy ? 
  they are just an outside power , just like the us or china . 
  being pro-us and anti-russia/china does n't make you more loyal to the eu , it makes you more loyal to the us , which is not a positive thing . 
  as long as a country does n't turn it 's back to the eu , we should stop giving a fuck about which outside power are they friendly with . 
  when russia will attack us , they will be our enemy , but right now i feel like the us is a bigger threat than them , because russia is not going to influence much here , while the us is pushing their retarded agenda through the european commission and ttip , we will turn into an us-like shitty corporation-owned neoliberal fake democracy way before we get invaded by russia . 
  why is being in a good relationship with china mean that we are trojan ? 
  people from the eu should stop believing that we should suck the us 's dick even harder and they should be our only partner . 
  the more distanced the eu becomes from the us , the better it is , but people tend to forget that every influence the us has on us is completely negative , and we do n't need their protection either . 
  russia being a threat is just us propaganda and fearmongering , no sane person would think that russia plans on attacking the eu . 
  the us is a good trade partner and that 's it , we should oppose them and resist any kind of influence , and we should start this by dumping ttip in the thrash as it is . 
  he made a throwaway because he knows that different opinions are getting downvoted to hell here . 
  and i agree with him , i have no problems at all with being gay , i do n't care wheter gay marriage is a thing or not ( because i 'm an atheist ) , but these fucking parades are just unnecessary provocations . 
  look at the numbers before the anti-hungarian , nationalist ceausescu assimilated the hungarian population as much as he could ( if you graduated college in a hungarian majority town , you could only get a job in mainland romania while romanians who graduated in the mainland got jobs in transylvania etc. 
  i do n't know shit about bosnia and serbia , why is he wrong ? 
  that 's because we got a better kind of dictator after the ussr realized in 1956 that they should n't fuck with us . 
  who told you that i 'm not from hungary ? 
  i was born in transylvania , that does n't mean that i do n't live in hungary ( living in romania sucks hard anyways , i had no reason to stay there ) and it 's pretty obvious that no one 's gon na vote for the leftists who said multiple times that they do n't give a shit about us . 
  i do n't find the corruption any higher today , we have the second highest gdp growth in europe , and the economy collapsed when mszp was governing . 
  your comment feels like the typical hungarian bitching because we did n't turn into a superpower . 
  the left is very divided anyways , and they hate eachother too , only mszp are still significant but i do n't see them winning elections anytime soon , dk is a retarded party with a retarded leader . 
  orban was the best option we had , and things are not looking so bad as some of you are saying , it 's just the usual complaining that always happens here . 
  ( and i did n't vote for him , before you start saying that i 'm an orban fanboy ) . 
  and he might win the next election ( not sure ) but no way he 's winning the second next one . 
  jobbik will probably win , which is interesting since i do n't really know what to think about them , i really dislike some of their ideas while i really like some of them . 
  if they will win , at least we will get to see how good they are . 
  the best thing would be a completely new party , which is not pro-us or pro-russia ( they are equally bad ) , with talented and motivated , mainly young people instead of some old postcommunist oligarchs . 
  but i do n't know when is this going to happen . 
  he got elected because people have no one else to vote for . 
  at least we have the second highest gdp growth in the eu , and we are improving in some ways . 
  the retarded pseudoleftist parties stole as much as they could and hungary almost got bankrupt because of them , and the country did n't get more conservative or nationalist since orban , this shit is just populist bullshit which he spews to get votes , he might be a conservative but he 's not influencing the people at all . 
  all the leftist parties are totally disgusting and incompatible , and other than that we have fidesz and jobbik . 
  so , tell me who should we vote for ? 
  they do n't usually invade countries , they just throw off governments and set up puppet governments everywhere , but this stays under the radar . 
  this is how they want to keep serbia out of the eu !, 
  yeah , let 's suck the us 's dick more , they clearly have a positive influence on us . 
  people in europe should finally wake up and and stop being so pro-us , we are the ones who should call them out on their bullshit , yet no one moves a finger in the eu , because they are too occupied with bashing russia ( because of the us-fabricated propaganda and fearmongering told us to do so ) , even if the shit russia does has almost no influence on us . 
  the us is a fucking disgusting country , the cancer of our planet 's culture and future . 
  and the world would be a much better place if they did n't exist or they would n't be a superpower . 
  it got reported by romanians beause they hate it if there 's something ( other than bashing ) about us on the frontpage . 
  i hope so , that way there will be less us influence , less immigration and less extreme sjw views ( uhm . . sweden ) . 
  a much higher percentage of gypsies are criminals than black people , but black people are more likely to be criminals than the average too . 
  does this mean that i hate them because of their race ? 
  i do n't even hate them , but this is a fact , and if you deny it then you are a moron . 
  and i 'm not racist , i 'm just not a moron , unlike you . 
  you must be living in a dream world . 
  except that they vote for the worst option and it 's bad for them too . 
  a society where an idiot has the same impact as an intellectual is a fucked up society . 
  i hate america because of their government , foreign policy , retarded politics and because they are spreading their cancer in the world , but i know that the uk has a hard-on for ` muricans , that 's why you are the biggest supporters of mass surveillance in europe and have that retarded cameron in charge , the american model fuck yeah . 
  i have absolutely no problems with muslims , i only hate religious extremism and i say that immigration should be controlled because if half of europe will be muslim , that wo n't be a multicultural utopia like retard pc swedish people think , that will be hell . 
  and i do n't hate gypsies because of their skin color , i only hate the criminal gypsies , so like 90 percent of them , i do n't have any problems with the rest of them because i 'm not racist and i 'm not a neo-nazi . 
   would you really want to live in a society governed on the principle of rationality ? 
  that would be my dream . 
  people should learn that the rational choice always equals the right choice . 
  that 's why it 's rational : if you analize it objectively , it 's the logical , the best way . 
   why not just make a political literacy class part of the school curriculum ?
