  yeah , that would be a good start too . 
  but there are countries where the majority of people are uninformed , mainly eastern europe . 
  if half of the voters are uninformed idiots who watch biased bullshit propaganda in the tv all day , then it can cause a disaster , a good example is romania where the people elected victor ponta as prime minister and the socialist party as the governing party , when it 's well known that almost all of them are corrupt idiots and fortunately they are getting arrested one-by-one . 
  the priests in the orthodox churches were convincing the dumb religious masses in the rural areas that they have to go and vote for ponta because ponta is supporting orthodoxism , and the priests got good money for this , they all have 4 houses and luxury cars now . 
  and those people do n't know shit about politics or anything , they are just plain idiots and they are a really high percentage of the population in the country . 
  so everyone who does n't work at the government is an idiot ? 
  i have a basic political knowledge at least , and i 'm well informed and i do n't believe every lie i see in the tv . 
  that 's a good start . 
  and how exactly can they do that ? 
  you do n't have to write your opinions down in that text , you 'd just have to know the main difference between economical left and right-wing and basic shit like that which can be learned by reading wikipedia for 2 hours . 
  what i describe is a modified version of democracy which partly elemininates the biggest flaw of standard democracy ( the manipulation of naive and dumb people by politicians ) . 
  people act like democracy is so perfect and it ca n't be improved , but this is not true . 
  democracy has a lot of flaws and something could be done about them , but people fear change and they say bullshit like you . 
  no it 's not . 
  women , black people and poor people can be intelligent so they can make right choices , so they deserve the voting right . 
  an idiot will get easily manipulated , and the biggest flaw of democracy is that the people can be manipulated , and a lot of people do n't vote responsibly , that 's why corruption is rampant in most of countries , especially in the countries where the masses are not well educated . 
  if you care more about morality and ideology than the actual facts , you end up like sweden . 
  ukraine is on a different level . 
  it 's like ultimate corruption there . 
  it might be morally or ideologically wrong but it 's logical in every way and it 's better for the country . 
  which do you think is more important ? 
  yeah , that sonds true in theory , but an idiot would not vote for the party which represents them , an idiot votes for the party which tells the most lies or bribes the idiot . 
  there is no idiot party which represents idiots so idiots can vote for them . 
  and you can solve the problems with immigrans by translating the test to all languages so they can complete it in their own one . 
  and usually only people with citizenship have voting rights , who usually speak the language of the country . 
  allowing her to vote is undemocratic . 
  she would vote based on what you or the family tells her , so that 's undemocratic , or she would vote for the best looking logo or whatever . 
  this is not destroying democracy , it 's improving it . 
  if you are an illiterate or a complete idiot who knows nothing about politics , you should n't vote . 
  i 'm surpriesed that everyone opposes this idea because of '' freedom blah blah '' when it 's completely irrational . 
  according to reddit , russia , turkey , and iran are worse than isis and the us is our holy brother and protector . 
  there is so much corruption in ukraine that i do n't see them joining anytime soon . 
  if they oppose mass surveillance then i support them . 
  this is the most disgusting , undemocratic and american thing a country can do . 
  ah , those people who come home with a kinda-expensive car and think that they are superior because they were painting walls in western europe . 
  yeah , and this is pretty sad . 
  the society is so shitty that instead of voting for the option they think is the best , they vote for the one which is religious . 
  i think this is the situation in most of the european countries . 
  but in eastern europe politicians should n't be openly atheists because they would lose a lot of voters ( a significant amount of voters are 40-50 + and they are usually religious ) , but this only applies to politics . 
  sorry , i never visit places like / r/conservative or / r/liberal because i do n't really care about bullshit american economically extreme right-wing politics . 
  but if you deny that the main tone of reddit on the bigger subreddits is left-wing then you are just plain stupid . 
  but this is not the point of this post . 
  yeah , i 'm obviously a neo-nazi . 
  / s i got enough shit for my name on reddit already . 
  and you do n't have to be a nazi or racist or even right-wing to realize that there 's a problem with gypsies , but if being right-wing means that you are rational and you care more about the well-being of your country/society than political correctness , then i 'm right wing . 
  but i hate this left-rights spectrum , because i 'm not a sjw blinded by political correctness ( so i 'm not left-wing ) , but i 'm a socially progressive atheist who cares about personal freedoms and does n't believe in the economic right-wing and corporation-influenced governments , so i 'm a leftist and a non-leftist at the same time . 
   or why / r/conservative [ 1 ] is smaller than / r/liberal [ 2 ] , / r/kotakuinaction [ 3 ] is smaller than / r/gamerghazi [ 4 ] or how / r/libertarian [ 5 ] is smaller than / r/enoughlibertarianspam [ 6 ] you just proved that reddit is left-wing . 
  and it 's pretty obvious , you do n't have to be right wing to say that there 's a problem with immigration , radical feminists and idiotic sjw-s . every mildly nationalistic or racist comment gets downvoted to oblivion in popular subreddits . 
  and i do n't have any problems with normal gypsies because i 'm not a racist . 
  the idiot activists say that gypsies are jobless because they do n't get employed , and they are uneducated because they do n't get educatet , and that 's bullshit because they do n't want to work and they do n't go to school because fighting and doing drugs is more fun . 
  every gypsy who is a contributing member of our society enjoys my full respect . 
  but denying that most of them are brutal criminals and should be in jail is just pc bullshit . 
  i never said that all gypsies are bad and they should be exterminated , i said that something has to be done : improving the justice system/police forces , reforming the welfare system , and just not caring about what some western sjw-s who have never seen a gypsy think about us . 
  and this is what people hope jobbik would do , because our current and former governments never gave a fuck about this ** real ** social problem . 
  ignoring the problem wo n't make it go away . 
  i do n't like ignoring facts due to political correctness . 
  yes , it 's the same to what a western extremist would say about muslims , but this is actually true . 
  the percentage of muslims who live a normal life and integrate into society on a basic level is a lot higher than the percentage of gypsies . 
  yes , muslims are a problem in some of the western countries because they are usually more prone to be criminals or just lazy assholes , but they usually are n't ( i was in france a lot and almost all the muslims i saw were normal polite people with jobs ) , which ca n't be said about gypsies . 
  if you want to find a normal gypsy , you basically have to search a lot before you find one . 
  i 'm not a racist but diehard leftists should realize that most people do n't hate muslims/gypsies/black people etc. 
  because of their skin color , they hate them because there 's a very high percentage of criminals among them . 
  that 's why i do n't have any problem with any race , but i ca n't and wo n't accept the statement that there 's no problem with gypsies when 90 % of them are criminals and i have to avoid them on the streets if i do n't want to end up in the hospital without my money and my phone while knowing that they will never get any punishment for their crimes . 
  if you are from hungary too , you should know that gypsies are a lot more problematic than muslims or whatever and something has to be done with this . 
  some videos about the average gypsies : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tutaacdxeha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_qgg6-ohtg, 
  most of the former mszp voters voted for fidesz i think , after the mszp and the left wing in general lost all their credibility . 
  they did n't vote for the left wing because of the disappointment ( and the left is not really united , they made a coalition for the elections but they have a ton of internal issues ) , they did n't vote for the radical jobbik , so they tried out fidesz , and now that fidesz is not really showing up ( even though they are better than the former leftist government ) , the former fidesz voters might start to vote for jobbik , because jobbik is the only big hungarian party which did n't lost it 's credibility yet . 
  for people who do n't know shit about hungary ( so , 99 % of reddit ) : the '' left '' in hungary is not really left , they are a bunch of disorganized postcommunist corrupt idiots who call themselves left-wing but they use police brutality to end protests ( 2006 budapest protests https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnsib28r43g&amp;eurl= ) , and they are totally uncapable of leading a country . 
  they are the opposites of left-wing : oligarchs with strong ties to the us , supperted by the us , and mostly uninformed people vote for them who call themselves left-wing but they do n't know shit because they only watch biased propaganda in the tv . 
  and jobbik is a national radical party , that 's true , but the bullshit about them being fascists and nazis is just propaganda manufactured by the other parties because they fear that jobbik will get in power ( they are the most popular among the young people and their popularity is increasing ) . 
  i just wanted to leave this here before i see the usual reddit circlejerk about hungarians being neo-nazi idiots because they vote a far-right party instead of the dear left-wing , because i know that reddit has a hard-on for leftists : but calling the leftist coalition of hungary `` leftists '' is a disgrace to the left-wing . 
  hungarians have only three options : fidesz ( orban ) , jobbik and the '' left '' . 
  we tried the left , they failed miserably ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferenc_gyurcs\u00e1ny%27s_speech_in_balaton\u0151sz\u00f6d_in_may_2006 ) , we are trying out orban now , and people are not really satisfied , so it 's very likely that our next tryout will be jobbik . 
  reformist mentality in the uk ? 
  are we living in the same world ? 
  i like how people do n't know jackshit about hungary and they call it dictatorship , boring etc. 
  i think he meant it sarcastically . 
  i will make a comment saying `` dae russia is bad we need more us troops in europe '' and reap the karma too . 
  most people are idiots who have no clue about the world outside of retarded fake shit they saw in movies and shows . 
  dae usa so cool lots of money big parties fuck yeah usa . 
  am i the only one who does n't give a fuck about the changing ? 
  if i did n't know , i would n't even realize it . 
  it was not a joke . 
  no i wo n't stop , as long as americans come here and spew their patriotic bullshit i will keep insulting them as much as i can . 
  there 's a reason why i already downvoted 90 % of the ` murican flair people in this subreddit a lot of times . 
  i like this subreddit because every other one is us-centered and i ca n't enjoy reddit because every subreddit is basically `` for americans '' . 
  i do n't visit askreddit anymore because if there 's a question like '' if 99,99 % of the population died on earth , where would you want to live ? '', 
  and basically every comment in the thread is some american place i 've never heard of , if i go to / r/malefashionadvice then everyone tells me to go to x/y shops which are only functioning in america ) . 
  i had enough of this americanisation in our fucking world . 
  this can be said about the us too since the start of the modern era . 
  works well in the us ? 
  that 's quite the exagerration , the us has a shitty political system with shitty institutions run by lobbyists and corporations . 
  i think i will join then . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's sarcasm , that 's why i upvoted it . 
  i hope it is . 
  you do n't have shit . 
  gtfo from here and go get fat or watch fox news or something , we do n't need stupid ` murican patriotism here . 
  in eu the companies are part-government owned . 
  in the us , the government is run by corporations . 
  i 'd rather choose the first one .
