  will do . 
  and i never said that hungarians are so amazing , all the `` bullshit '' i get downvoted for is anti-us stuff . 
  and i will keep on doing this , europe needs strong anti-us voices before it 's too late . 
  and i have no problems with romanians in general , but saying that romania is more western than hungary is just total bullshit ( hungary has stronger historical/cultural/religious ties with the west , and almost every statistic says that hungary is more developed and the quality of life is higher , reddit only thinks that romania is so good because there are a lot of romanians on reddit and they are generally spewing us and anti-russian propaganda so they must be so western , i 'll never forget the romanian guy who said complete fucking bullshit and he called himself an `` american idealist '' ) , saying that romania treats their minorities right is bullshit too , and i absolutely despise the american dicksucking which is going on in this country . 
  i 'm not an extremist , romania is a disgusting shithole and everything is wrong here , my biggest dream since i was born is getting the fuck out of here . 
  anti-american sentiment yes , feeling strong not so much . 
  but the `` utopian '' europe in my eyes is completely independent , and that 's only possible through federalization and being strong . 
  i do n't want europe to become some forgotten boring puppet of the us , and the sad thing is that this is the way we are heading on . 
  the main goals of europe shold be improvement , prosperity , science , and taking the morally right side in international conflicts . 
  the goals of the eu now is pleasing us and corporate interests , and our foreign policy is basically the same as the american one , we never stand up to them even when they do dumb shit . 
  instead of standing up to them when we found out about global surveillance , eu countries requested to join the 5eyes/9eyes/whatever . 
  *** without the approval of the population . 
  *** people would be outraged if the media broadcasted this a lot : but the media is in the hands of the us too so they do n't give a fuck . 
  europe should be the bastion of prosperity and justice and not the shady retarded cousin of the us . 
  yeah , because being the bitch of the usa is totally fine . 
  if we keep being this close to them , the eu will get taken over by big corporations just like the us . 
  i do n't want that shitty country to spread their neoliberal/neoconservative cancer here , everything is wrong about the us and i have to throw up everytime i think about ttip . 
  hungary wold be on a different level today if the austrians did n't fuck us in the ass ( and the turks , i think that was a common problem between wallachia/moldova/transylvania and hungary ) , learn some history . 
  the reason we could n't develop the country was that the austrians did n't let us . 
  hungary wanted to end feudalism , but austria did n't let us , see 1848 when we almost defeated austria , and they only won because they called in the russians because they knew they were fucked otherwise . 
  ( i think you kinda had the same problems too in 1848 ) . 
  oh , and you should n't talk about slaughtering innocents when avram iancu is your national hero who did n't do anything else than slaughtering 6000 hungarian civilians only to change the ethnic composition of transylvania . 
  and orban may suck russia 's dick ( but i think it 's exagerrated ) , but you have to remember that orban does not equal hungary , and he probably wo n't be reelected in 2018 . 
  and i 'm not condescending , i live in romania ( hopefully only until late august ) , but i 've been to hungary a lot , so i know that romania is a shithole compared to hungary , especially the rural areas . 
  almost every village in romania looks like a shithole ( and i heard it 's even worse down south ) , and i 've never seen a bad looking village in hungary , even in the poorest regions . 
  the ignorance about hungary is just pathetic ... hungary is on a different level than romania or bulgaria ( if you visited all these countries you would know ) , and orban is not a russophilic dictator who is ruining our country even if reddit thinks so . 
  i 'll just remind you guys that your beloved leftists ( who are actually postcommunist corrupt idiots ) drove hungary into a huge financial crisis , and orban is by no means perfect , but what alternative would you suggest ? 
  all the leftist parties are totally incompetent idiots , there is orban ( fidesz ) and there is jobbik which is called a far-right fascist racist party by reddit . 
  so , who should we vote for ? 
  reddit think that sucking the us 's dick and letting their army in the country equals being western , and not ranting all day about russia = not western . 
  people here are stupid , you ca n't judge a country by some shitty news you read on reddit . 
  people are saying that hungary is not western because orban is `` pro-russian '' and romania/bulgaria are western because they suck the us 's dick . 
  just get on a plane or in a car and start to travel in these countries , and you will see that hungary is a lot more developed than the likes of romania or bulgaria . 
  the us should go and fuck themselves . 
  we do n't want their retarded neoliberal / neoconservative cancer here in europe . 
  nothing good comes out of being controlled by corporations . 
  the current neoliberal and neoconservative governments usually do n't like the countries which are n't controlled by the economically extreme-right corporate dicksuckers . 
  and the us should fuck itself because they spread this cancer in the world . 
  it was fucking obvious and everyone knew it because of the media , unlike the shady shit the us is doing ( surveillance , tpp etc. 
  ) , which somehow gets ignored by the mainstream media . 
  maybe because the us is controlled by the same oligarchs who own the media . 
  the western mainstream media is propaganda , just as the russian one , and who fails to see that is fucking dumb and brainwashed . 
  the corporation-controlled fake-democratic state called usa and it 's friends ( australia , new zealand , canada , uk etc. ), 
  are a much bigger threat than russia , because russia is not retarded to ever attack the eu ( even if the fearmongering in the western media says otherwise ) , but the us is fucking us in the ass where they can , and they will continue to do so . 
  this will escalate to the level where they will somehow manage to make ttip happen and they will extend it with some points which wo n't get shown in the media and we will be under the rule of the same oligarchs and the eu will transform into a mini-us just like australia , canada and co. 
  i 'd rather make a pact with russia than the us or it 's friends . 
  people fail to see that they are not better than russia , and the common consensus is that '' west = good , russia = evil '' , they are just being assholes in secret while russia is loud . 
  people only emmigrate to the us because they think it 's cool because that 's what they saw in the movies/media . 
  if you want a good political system or good life quality than you have far better options than the us . 
  they will fight for pedo rights soon, 
  the sad thing is that this is not even an exagerration , it 's literally every second post on / r/europe or / r/worldnews or whatever . 
  my problem is not with spying , it 's with spying on citizens and sharing the info with the us . 
  and afaik only the gchq is directly spying on citizens in the eu , and they share the data with the united states of cancer . 
  i 'm ok with spying , i 'm not ok with spying for the us . 
  i 'd share my personal info with china , north korea , russia and isis over the us . 
  spying on other countries is ok tho , spying on your own citizens and sharing the data with the us is not . 
  i 'm starting to think that you are a paid us propagandist . 
  the guy you 're having an argument with is sucking us 's dick under every post , do n't try to have a meaningful conversation with him . 
   our arrangements are with the 5 eyes and that 's why i 'd love to see the uk leave the eu . 
  am i the only one who 'd be happy to see the uk leave the eu ? 
  there 's so much cancer going on there , they are part of the 5eyes , uk is starting to look like the us of europe . . 
  if the us fills the baltic states , poland and romania with tanks , it 's pretty obvious that russia will move troops to it 's border too . 
  this is not news , it 's common sense , there 's no need for fearmongering . 
  you are more brainwashed than russians . 
  i never heard about something like this . 
  i guess he is mostly referring to the former soviet caucasian countries ' flags . 
  i did not say that we need dictatorship , just that democracy in it 's current form sucks . 
  is it really different tho ? 
  a dictator ignores human rights , most of democracies too . 
  imagine an absolute monarchy , a normal one not a religious one . 
  if you did n't call out the people in power and you did n't berak law , you were perfectly fine . 
  today if you break law you are usually fucked too , and all countries are working on eliminating free speech . 
  a dictator at least gets shit done , we are just living in a boring stagnation , every party is fighting the other one while they both suck because they are all career politicians , nothing changes and nothing gets done . 
  just look at the immigration problem in europe : no one wants to talk about it because they fear that they are gon na get called racists . 
  only dumb people would call this racist : so they are trying to please dumb people . 
  do we really want a dumb world ? 
  it 's fucking ridiculous , that 's not how you do politics . 
  politicians should be rational and do what 's best for their countries . 
  if they keep on doing this , europe will either become isis v2 , or every country will be controlled by far-right nationalists because they are actually willing to get things done and they are not afraid to tell the facts , so we go back to ww2 . 
  this is what ineffectiveness looks like . 
  when do you stop being biased and start to be rational ? 
  it 's highly debatable that democracy and free market are our best and most rational options . 
  they have lots of downsides , mainly democracy . 
  the only reason we still have democracy is that people fear change , democracy is just `` basic '' now , pretty much how an absolute monarchy was the only option in the medieval era , and everyone got used to it . 
  absolute monarchies have fallen , and we got something arguably better : democracy . 
  if you look at it rationally , it 's highly exploitable and ineffective . 
  it 's just an illusion of people having power , while politicians are getting rich while not giving a fuck about their country or people , and they can pass whatever shitty bill they want to , even if the whole society disagrees ( look at canada . 
  and in most countries people are generally dumb , uninformed and ignorant so they do n't vote rationally . 
  it 's just a never ending cycle : people are dumb , they elect corrupt retards , who keep the people dumb , so they can get elected again . 
  if you look at most countries , intelligent people do n't vote for an option they really like , they vote for the one they dislike the least . 
  got ta keep israel as their 51th state . 
  or is it the other way around ? 
  the important part of russia is in europe . 
  the circlejerk is stronk . 
  am i the only one who 's tired of every second comment being about russia , when it 's not even relevant to the post ? 
  stopping positive discrimination is not racism . 
  positive discrimination is a bunch of bullshit and it 's a hipocrisy which is causing even more racism instead of solving problems . 
  yeah , and everyone fails to see this . . 
  this is just fearmongering so the us can have a stronger influence over the eu . 
  russia has no reason to attack any eu/nato country and if they did they would get their ass kicked , no one wants that .
