yeah a big problem is that most people only get their information from biased mainstream media and they do n't know shit about the parties labelled '' far-right '' , so they believe bullshit . 
  there is a huge difference between parties like fn or jobbik and parties like golden dawn . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are a liar since your account is brand new and you are probably a troll or some leftist nut who wants to push his agenda by showing an example of an integrated syrian and showing how `` afraid '' he is because of the rise of the evil far-right . 
  if you 're not , then i do n't think it will affect you , the problem is that only around 5-10 % of your fellow syrians are like you and the rest have no place in our society , and we have n't found out how to differenciate them yet . 
  no one will start a crusade against syrians in europe , but the best thing we should do is close the fucking borders and check the asylum seekers more thoroughly and if they are not fit to enter then send them the fuck home . 
  centre-left parties are still usually pro-immigration and they are not adressing these problems , this can be even said about some right-wing parties . 
  i do n't see how being centre-left or `` real left '' is relevant in this discussion . 
  except that they are not treated like shit , they just do n't get their asses licked clean . 
  more than 38 million people can live in poland , it 's good enough for them , but it 's not good enough for middle-east refugees ? 
  only germany and sweden is good ? 
  most eastern europeans would suck 5 dicks to move to westen europe . 
  and if they want good lives here , they should stop committing crimes and raping women , and they should stop being agressive and disrespectful . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the usa was created by european immigrants , we share values , culture and religion . 
  europeans could easily integrate and actually enrich these countries , this ca n't be said about the muslim immigrants since they are disrespectful , their culture and religion is toxic , and it 's not compatible with ours . 
  stop making retarded connections with european refugees and these so-called refugees , because they are not even comparable , even an idiot could figure this out . 
  our fathers and grandfathers and so on worked hard , made sacrifices and died for their countries so we can live a good and prosperous life now in most of europe . 
  and we are doing the same : we work , pay taxes , contribute to our societies and some of us care about politics , so our countries can have a bright future . 
  they could be doing this in their own countries like our ancestors did when europe was n't a great place , instead they come here and feel entitled . 
  they were not capable of doing that . 
  i do n't say that we deserve it , but they deserve it even lesser , and they do n't even respect it . 
  we would disrespect our ancestors if we destroyed ( or let others destroy ) what they built . 
  no , but they should respect our values and culture instead of complaining , committing crimes and raping women because in their culture and religion raping women is ok , and they should be grateful that we take them in instead of cherrypicking which country they want to live in , and complaining about everything . 
  and if they do commit crimes or complain they should be deported immediately . 
  imagine that you live in an abusive family , you flee from your home and instead of going into the orphanage , a decent family says that you can live with them . 
  would you not care about the rules in that family/house and would you complain that your room is too small , there is no jacuzzi , you do n't always get the food that you want and you do n't get enough money , or would you be grateful for the family ? 
  they are the first one . 
  i still think that more than half of them are not refugees , they are economic migrants and we have no obligation to move a finger for them . 
  if they dislike their country then they should stay there and try to make changes . 
  hundreds of thousands of young people are able to make changes . 
  and no , they wo n't return because most of them are not refugees . 
  if their only goal was to escape war then they would 've stayed in turkey or greece or serbia or whatever , according to international law . 
  they just want welfare and benefits and we have no obligation to give them these . 
  i agree that we should help fix their homes , but we have to close our borders while doing this and only let in real refugees , after they have been registered , and once the problem is fixed they will return , unlike the economic migrants . 
  yes it is , but can you see the current leadership of the eu solving this prolem ? 
  so you only delete 4 out of 5 posts like this so you can claim that you 're not pushing any agenda ? 
  european immigrants usually easily integrate . 
  those people who are violent by nature and will leech from your benefits are mostly gypsies coming from eastern europe , who do not share our european culture and values , that 's why they ca n't integrate into our societies either , even though they are here since multuple hundreds of years . 
  an eastern european immigrant will most likely get a job , learn the language and integrate into your society , and an important thing is that they are n't muslims so they do n't see your women as lesser people who can be raped . 
  oh , and european immigrants acutally have papers so it 's possible to catch them if they commit crimes . 
  a '' refugee '' will just rape a woman then hop on a train . 
  everyone pretends to be a refugee , while most are n't . 
  i 'm not talking literally , but the media and most governments are doing everything to ignore this problem . 
  in some german cities the police has simply given up , citizens do n't feel safe in their neighbourhood , women get raped and all of this is ignored by the media . 
  if this situation will escalate , things will come to light and we might see huge far-right movements , protests , riots , paramilitary groups , and in the long term far-right parties winning elections . 
  but this might be the only solution to the problem , since i do n't see the leaders of the eu caring about this . 
  i do n't want to see europe get destroyed for the sake of corporate and banking interests hidden under the mask of some unreasonable and irrational perception of morality . 
  i 'd rather have a far-right europe than an europe where half of the population is muslim and we get persecuted by sharia law and our women get raped by savage islamists . 
  if things like this keep happening ( and they will ) , people will find out no matter how retarded our mainstream media is , and 1933 might happen again . 
  if people do n't feel safe and their governments ignore this , they will seek more radical options . 
  they are both destroying europe so yes . 
  yeah i like when they say that we should take in `` refugees '' because europe took in hungarian refugees in 1956 . 
  i 'd slap the shit out of these people . 
  read the fucking article . 
  he did n't say that we want to let migrants through , he said that we will let them through if we get more shit for the fence and defending our borders . 
  is n't your government going to change after psd loses the next parliamentary election ? 
  when did i say that they are ? 
  and economically they might be rightists , but they are very left socially . 
  if they are rightist , then jobbik is radical left ( which is somewhat true because economically they are a lot like syriza claimed to be ) . , and they get called far-right . 
  but we only accept asylum applications if they can prove that they come from a war zone and they applied for asylum in serbia and it got declined . 
  so basically no one gets asylum . 
  send them home or send them all to germany and sweden if they were so kind and invited them . 
  they want to go there anyways , even if they would be sent to eastern europe , they wo n't stay . 
  i 'd say over 95 % if they want to leave france , austria , denmark etc. 
  yep , one is right-wing propaganda and the other is liberal propaganda . 
  honestly i do n't know which one is worse , it 's pretty sad that people believe either of these . 
  he 's still less of a fucktard than ponta . 
  ( yes i know that ponta is pm and basescu was president , it 's just a comparation ) . 
  romania will get rid of the corrupt psd idiots soon enough . 
  i think the entire eastern europe would vote against it , including greece and the baltics , maybe even finland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary  on the 50th anniversary of the 1956 hungarian revolution , clashes between protesters and the police were reported . 
  mounted police charges , tear gas , rubber bullets , and water cannons were used to force back the crowd . 
  rubber bullets were frequently aimed head-high , causing a large number of injuries ; a man lost the sight of one eye due to a rubber bullet the former leftist government used the same weapons against hungarians that the army is now allowed to use against migrants . 
  i would say that fidesz is more liberal and democratic than the leftists . 
  ( former government ) . 
  but they could do whatever they wanted to because all of our so-called leftists are good friends and business partners of western and us politicians and businessmen , who control the western media . 
  did n't know about that . 
  in hungary it 's perfectly fine and you wo n't get hurt . 
  fortunately we got rid of our '' socialist , progressive , liberal , left-wing '' government ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary#monday.2c_october_23.2c_2006 ) , who are calling fidesz fascist and nazi , even though protesting is perfectly fine now . 
  and how do you know what they stand for ? 
  i guess you are just a westerner and you read some bullshit in the biased mainstream western media . 
  just look at the way the bbc reported the migrant crisis , with a huge leftist bias . 
  jobbik became a serious party , even though i do n't agree with them on a lot of issues , they have a lot of good ideas , they are winning every debate ( if some other party challenges them to a debate , but they usually do n't because they know what will happen ) , they never say or do anything racist . 
  they adress some problems which get ignored by other parties , like the roma problem . 
  in the villages where jobbik is in power , the situation got much better . 
  yes , they are anti-us , anti-israel and they criticize the eu , and for me these are very good traits . 
  fun fact : a party called jobbik '' far-right '' and jobbik sued them , and they won because they ca n't be considered far-right . 
  they are national radicals , populists to some degree . 
  peaceful migrants do n't throw rocks at the police while shouting allahu akbar . 
  western countries ? 
  i think you mean all countries . 
  we have protests too . 
  when there is a demonstration , citizens of the respective country are demonstrating , when foreigners want to force their way into your country , then it 's invasion . 
  that 's what they call it in sweden, 
  jobbik is not neo-fascist . 
  jobbik is not in the government . 
  you . 
  i 've never seen nazi or racist comments or posts here , only anti-immigration ones . 
  it would n't even possible for users to post nazi things here because the entire mod team consists of agenda pushing leftists who are randomly deleting posts and banning people for posting legitimate news , while insisting that this sub is only anti-immigration because it 's getting brigaded by nazis , not because that 's the opinion of average non-retardleftist europeans . 
  yeah because being anti-immigration equals being right-wing and a closet nazi .
