keep in mind that christianity is older than islam so we had more time to move on . 
  moreover , europe helped a lot with radicalization of muslims , we kept invading and killing them ... and lastly there is a lot of muslims that are n't stuck in time and you woulnd ' t even be able to telll that they are muslim , but you do n't hear about them in the news, 
  polan can take you and ukraine back < 3 , and while we 're at it lithuania gib back wilno !!, 
  it 's ok , eu is full of nazis anyways ... 
  eh , they are n't that bad i suppose ukrainian middle class could afford it ... 
  last time i 've been there the smaller streets were polluted with ugly ass cheap banners of second hand shops and shady restaurants , but other than that i liked the city . 
  eh , you have some fair points , but keep in mind that some us forces are already in poland so if russia would attack as than it would probably mean declaring war on us aswell . 
  on the other hand from my personal point of view this argument is pointless since the war between west and russia would n't benefit anybody and i do n't think it 's a real danger . 
  we were between two very strong totalitarian regimes at the time . 
  right now we have the support of the biggest military of all time , support of multiple other militaries . 
  and in current years germany is our ally andrussia is a wannabe empire with bad economy , manipulated citizens , mediocre military and a lot of nukes, 
  we are n't next . 
  we have the support of nato unlike ukraine so in fact we do n't really have much to worry about . 
  i 'm sure those who were murdered were the ones trying to destroy ukrainian language , culture and nation . 
  they live in a land of pornhubia , look it up you wo n't regret !, 
  well your happiness increases when all the unhappy people are dead ... 
  you will be sorry for what you wrote when you will be in hands of the future of europe !, 
  filthy nazi !, 
  even if you were right that they overhrew a president that was elected in democratic and unrigged elections how does that allow you to annex crimea ? 
  where the fuck did you lose your logic ? 
   what do you worry about ? 
  i think that it does n't make sense to conquer sweden for our country . 
  for what ? 
  for your land ? 
  we have plenty of land . 
  for your people ? 
  they speak language that are far from ours , it would take decades to integrate them . 
  for natural resources ? 
  you do n't have much . 
  no , it does n't have sense . 
  dunno you do a lot of random shit . 
  for example annexing crimea and destabilizing eastern ukraine, 
  i 'm talking about syria not their bases in europe . 
  because it 's us who are threatened by isis and not them . 
  moreover , the marshallplan allowed germany to rebuild . 
  also running a massive invasion thousands away from home is n't profitable . 
  they could 've sticked to selling weapons to britain and france yet they sacraficed their people to save europe not only from nazis but also from communism . 
  and the last thing is that i see no problem with protecting your buisnesses as long as they are legal and you are n't unwanted in the country that you are staying . 
  go on call other people nazis and than get triggered when erdogan calls netherlands nazis, 
  retarded reasoning . 
  right now us is fighting far away from home and wasting a lot of money to keep europe safe ( again actually ) . 
  meanwhile russia is annexing other 's independend counties teritories and teaming up with erdogan . 
  if your responce against an attack ( verbal but still ) to your country is feeling bad than in few generations europe wo n't be the most developed places in the world . 
  either we need to toughen either we will finally be conquered by some retarded brutes such as putin or erdogan, 
  damn poles , they ruined poland !, 
  yay yurop is so peaceful now !, 
  lalalalla there is no ukraine, 
  you 're downvoting people for having a different oppinion . 
  also if you think that having a support of few thousand people in a city that has a population of 3,5 million about something that affects 500 million people is a lot than you 're delusional . 
  well that 's a very small beginning, 
  what 's of you mean ? 
  look at the monis that our rich governmenent is giving away !, 
  polan is rich !, 
  well 2000 people is n't a lot, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsr01zp1-ey nt, 
  inb4 you get arrested by internet police, 
  more over why did he choose the least `` femine '' subject ? 
  why did n't he include biology , chemistry , psychology and maths ? 
  could you show any corelation between the amount of chess players and gender intelligence ? 
  also include the statistics of girls pushed by the parents to play chess compared to boys ? 
  hey i 'm polish and i just got mine tourist visa . 
  to be fair it was just a formality , the whole process at the embassy took me about an hour and the talk with the guy that granted me the visa took around 3 minutes , although it might be because my mother has a steady job . 
  that being said it still is a pain in the ass and you need to pay for it ~ 150 euro i belive , so droping the visas for us would be nice . 
  eyyy european retards always find a way to boost their ego !, 
  hopefully they will steal and share the recipe for those delicious ikea meatballs and sauce !!, 
  been to amsterdam last summer !, 
  beautiful city , nice people , shit weather ... 
  i still really enjoyed it tho, 
  care to explain ? 
  i do n't get how can we still have our troops and nukes in this uncivilised country ... 
  i mean look at our army and the way that our government moves through the country !, 
  those columns indicate that we are bery stronk !, 
  soon in to space my friend !, 
  mickiewicz , pi\u0142sudski , kopernik , kolumb all are polish !, 
  there is no battle . 
  he is polish !, 
  hey polan here , you can take us if you want !, 
  similarity of thinking is that we do n't stone people to death or do n't force women to wear hijabs , also we have democracy and free speach . 
  i definitely am not saying that we do n't need nato . 
  i think that our countries because of the similarity in our culture and the way we think should definitely work together . 
  but it would definitely be better if we had 2 superpowers in a union . 
  so that in case of war we would defend each other , but in times of peace the us boys would n't have to stay thousands of kilometers away from their home . 
  four eu countries would have biggger budget than us ... another reason to create united army of europe so we wo n't need us troops here anymore ... 
  poland less democratic than brazil ? 
  every each surname sounds like a italian/french meal ... 
  and now compare the taxes , 
  it 's not retarded . 
  criticising others is fucking dumb when you 're 10 times worse, 
  so mocking x country is good but mocking y country is bad ? 
  that 's an interesting logic, 
  their president was elected by 62 out of 320 million people . 
  also keep in mind that they were to chose between trump and clinton . 
  so even their president is n't the voice of majority . 
  voting for trump = / = being redneck . 
  also i do n't think you are in the best position to mock other countrie 's presidents mate , 
   poor part of germany  ugly ass landscape  hitler was swiss  they make shit chocolate and cheese . 
  one more bad word about our government and you will be sent to work camp in san escobar amigo !, 
  it would be really nice if you stopped treating bunch of rednecks as a voice of usa ... 
  my apologies pls do n't send me for this mistake to one of polish deathcamps !, 
  we totally did .
