  eurovision disagrees . 
  it 's not fucking texas here where everybody has guns and has the balls to shoot anyone they do n't agree with . 
  why do n't you guys start invading russia since you seem to get off so well on warmongering policies ? 
  you sir , are a good and reasonable man . 
  my salute to you . 
  how the hell do you expect a country as small as the netherlands , to stand up against big bear russia ?!, 
  we 're very content with our political situation , we 're just voicing our opinion a bit loudly . 
  we 're not ` murica here . 
  we ca n't do whatever the hell we want in foreign politics , because we 're simply not powerful enough . 
  you need to brush up on information , guy . 
  the fact that children are forced into religion has nothing to do with them being major dicks . 
  you are after all still generalizing . 
  the moroccans cry racism because the pvv is actually denouncing them publicly over what a few wrongdoers are doing . 
  you ca n't just reasonably look at a chart and just pick whatever suits your statement/opinion . 
  most moroccans are really nice people , but you need to remind youself they do n't have a european mentality . 
  it 's hard to get jobs because people in general do n't trust foreigners , so we feel left out . 
  our politicans complain about us on tv , so we feel left out . 
  we always feel left out here , because most people you see on the streets are really friggin ' dense . 
  so these delinquents say to themselves , what the f * ck , why should n't we do what we feel like doing ? 
  on a side note , real nice pulling the antisemitism card on me . 
  it 's always a classic . 
  muslims have been enemies of jews since our inception . 
  there have been cases of cooperation , like the al-andalus , but in general , muslims hate jews . 
  learn about the subject , go outside and meet a few moroccan people , then ask them what they think . 
  yeah , let 's go kick some rooskie ass !, 
  oh wait , they are superior in numbers , weapons and most of all , nukes . 
  use your brain , why do you think we 're just complaining about it and not taking action ? 
  ragnar\u00f6k is upon us ... 
  and you do n't understand because you are n't moroccan like me . 
  you blame the whole moroccan population for the fuckups of the few . 
  how is that even reasonably fair ? 
  this would make for a killer movie , but it needs more explosions . 
  i 'll call / r/pitchforkemporium, 
  * i got the pikes , you want to handle the testudo ? 
  these people are not poor , terrified or whatever . 
  have you seen news footage ? 
  young men , healthy , strong , nice clothes , phones , you name it . 
  these are gold-diggers . 
  they leave their country behind , take with them their education and money , start working here in europe , and shuttle their earnings back to their homeland , draining the european economy . 
  it 's been happening for years , but now the media needs to spotlight this . 
  buy german artillery and shoot their boats to shreds for them , or build an atlantikwall seriously though , ca n't you just ferry them back where they came from , or to other destinations ? 
  most of these ` moroccan jerks ' as you call them , feel excluded by society due to people like you , guessing by this comment , and turn to a life of misery for themselves and others . 
  it 's a vicious loop that can only be broken with proper encouragement . 
  if only the world worked like that . 
  if un wanted , they could 've fixed the world decades ago . 
  * `` quickly , grab the pitchforks from / r/pitchforkemporium !, 
  tyl that this article is about turkey , and by kurds , i am referring to the kurds in turkey . 
  krg is n't even internationally recognized , and as such is not a valid state . 
  you are an honor to your username . 
  do you know geography ? 
  if yes , try to find kurdistan on the map . 
  the kurds absolutely hate the turks , and have wanted their independence for decades , along with territory in iraq and syria . 
  and pretty much the not-yet-existing-kurdistan, 
  weaker turkey = happy balkan , mostly greece , cyprus and bulgaria, 
  exactly . 
  and he came back to bite the usa after . 
  who else funded the terror group back in the day to kick soviet ass , only to get their own towers destroyed by them ? 
  usa warns of potential casualties , yet bombing shit is going to spare lives ? 
  let the russians handle this . 
  usa should focus on their own country for a while now . 
  get better healthcare and stuff . 
  russia fucking over afghanistan was back in the soviet era , and then murica screwed afghanistan over even harder with bin laden and his cronies . 
  an excellent initiative . 
  then we have the rights to completely exploit them . 
  because they 're better off here and they know that . 
  i 'll probably get flamed for this , but it 's late and i 'm friggin tired . 
  why not just invest in the primary economic sector with farmers and stuff ? 
  get these guys to work on the fields or harvest other raw materials ? 
  we 'll start moaning and complaining , but at the same time we 'll suck it up and sit bitterly in a corner because we 've got no other options . 
  welcome to europe , where the streets are n't paved with gold . 
  us countries hate eachother more or less , but we get along because we actually learn from our past . 
  * we demand your local voodoo doctor !, 
  it 's called camping . 
  and you have fresh drinking water aswell it seems . 
  and nice clothing . 
  and you speak the language . 
  and you 're not alone . 
  seriously though , these people are n't right in the head . 
  it is much easier to work illegally in germany and england . 
  this is how they plan to make a living there . 
  that 's just insulting . 
  it 's one of those major events that started the crimean war waaay back in the day . 
  that will never happen with fanatic countries like israel , saudi arabia , or iran in those areas ( israel is in this list because they 're one of the biggest catalysts of the middle eastern shit . 
  their mere presence puts all the surrounding muslim countries on edge . ), 
  well said . 
  * orb\u00e1n * where do i know that name from ? 
  oh right , the guy who gave the ottomans cannons to destroy the bastion of christianity . 
  th point is , and i speak out of personal experience as i live with muslims and am one myself , that these people are extremely lazy and expect to be treated like they 're in the sheikh 's palace . 
  of course this does not apply to all of them , but a lot of them simply do n't give a sh * t and rather be farmers among office workers . 
  keep kebab out of european union now !, 
  turkey was given clear instructions , yet they mucked it all up , all due to their government 's arrogance and stubbornness . 
  exactly . 
  all they do is whine about how bad they have it , but are absolutely blind to what the border states have to endure . 
  i bet money on them throwing a tantrum to get back in if they leave . 
  trust me when i say this : greece will definitely get it 's shit together , one way or another . 
  we kicked spanish ass , portuguese ass , ruled england briefly , we were pretty damn rich , had a colonial empire , and we have legalized weed . 
  i may be dutch , but i feel really connected to the greeks so i 'll add `` the byzantine empire defending europe from the evil turks '' . 
  * patriotism intensifies * we have great culture , and a history stretching back to our declaration of independence from the spanish empire in 1568 , we settled manhattan and named it new amsterdam , we had a monopoly on the spice trade in indonesia , we were pretty much the switzerland of our time , and we even conquered england !, 
  weed , bikes and tulips, 
  yeah , fuck turkey !,
