baltic can not into nordic but can into western european . 
  still waiting for gandhi to nuke everyone . 
  and just you wait until they start releasing the dlc . 
  like singapore . 
  you mean the northern korea right ? 
  you 'd rather have a group that promotes terrorism in western countries , sex slavery , extreme laws and murders , than a guy who is n't perfect but at least kept the country from going nuts ? 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  more like usa breaks it , other fix it , you patriotic patsy . 
  it 's not like they 'll stay or anything ... 
  the most ` murican answer possible . 
  if he does kick her out , does n't the german gov. 
  have any kind of contingency plans ? 
  like moving her to a new house ? 
  if you 'd lived in a microwave for your whole life , you would n't like it either if the next day you lived in the freezer . 
  danny ghosen needs to fuck off . 
  if you 'd watched any other of his reports you 'd know that he 's the biggest asshole journalist we have in the country . 
  he even got beat up by an ambassador because he tried to infiltrate an embassy of some african nation . 
  flair represents my current country , but i 'd say 476 - 1453 greece/byzantium . 
  throw away that nonsense you came up with . 
  it makes no sense and goes against agreements of the eu and the human rights declaration . 
  you keep your friends close and your enemies even closer . 
  would you give up your cultural identity if you migrated to let 's say china ? 
  integration is a vague term you know . 
  according to most people like you , that 's all the same . 
  not to mention completely absurd . 
  you think china , mongolia and the rest of asia will accept this ? 
  if you do , you 're really , really dense . 
  could you please elaborate on your argument ? 
  provide sources for these blatant accusations against the prophet muhammad ? 
  i 've read the qur ` an , and what you say makes absolutely no sense to me . 
  everyone has their own opinion . 
  i do not respect yours , but it 's your choice to live by . 
  morocco is an ex-protectorate of france . 
  french is one of the primary languages . 
  moroccan youth think of france as `` the place to be '' . 
  eventually they will return home or integrate into french society , but ultimately i think multiculturalism is a good thing . 
  people can and should learn from each other . 
  i only wish more people would be optimistic about grtting the chance to help and be helped . 
  and how do you plan on banning a religion ? 
  people will just keep doing what they do and you ca n't stop it . 
  the best that could happen is that the persecuted become martyrs and inspire even more acts of violence . 
  you 'd be proving islamic state right . 
  i 'm starting to think the far-right mindedness of / r/europe has anything to do with it . 
  no offense , of course . 
  just sarcastic incase i get flamed in 5 minutes . 
  if it was n't for christianity , europe would 've become a barbarian pagan cesspit after the fall of rome . 
  a constitutional monarchy . 
  just like spain , the netherlands and the uk . 
  you do n't get to speak for france . 
  wait and see the results first . 
  problem is that there are about a zillion different sharia versions . 
  some are actually mild , and promote a healthy lifestyle intertwined with faith . 
  yet others , like saud demonstrates , are monstrous . 
  another problem is that you do n't know what kind of muslims you 're interviewing . 
  do you know the stereotype that all americans are dumb ? 
  that stereotype is incorrect , because only a few actual dumb people are interviewed . 
  this is the same with muslims . 
  you interview a few radical muslims then say they want to conquer europe and annihilate our values etc. 
  point is , you 're wrong . 
  how can you say that if you have n't even spoken to every muslim on the planet ? 
  this is a faulty statement sir . 
  the vast majority of muslims is content with their neighbors and other religions . 
  only the radical promote such thoughts . 
  they laid claim to constantinople and the asia minor coast of the aegean . 
  if they get the slightest chance to further those goals they will most likely take it . 
  just danskj\u00e4veln things . 
  because muslims hold jesus and every other abrahamic religion prophet in high regard . 
  see , this is why people will buy more of the dutch ones , and eventually the dutch pillows will eaen more than the french ones because selling in quantity beats quality . 
  do not forget to prepare the hutspot and dust off the wilhelmus . 
  belgians are really dumb . 
  and their roads suck compared to ours . 
  considering how long he was in the bathroom , he 'd probably need that clean sheet . 
  there is a ceasefire . 
  of course less people die . 
  above that it kind of faded from the media . 
  they could n't have won the war with britain 's machinations behind the scenes . 
  it will be interesting to hear their plan though . 
  anything could happen tomorrow that could set off a chain of events leading into an uncertain future . 
  of course . 
  where else would they go except the holy city of eastern orthodoxy , currently lent to the turks ? 
  and in a year , according to golden dawn , we 'll sing that same song backwards . 
  in greece , there is no seperation between state and church . 
  because they feel it still belongs to them , and the ecumenical patriarch of orthodox christianity is seated there and greece is n't secularized . 
  except for the pirates . 
  please no . 
  rome will be vandalized . 
  next year in constantinople , is what it means . 
  * woah there , cowboy !, 
  * you know , it 's a better idea to solve problems one at a time . 
  it 's better to just leave assad for now . 
  the political situation shows that life under assad was better than this anarchy , so i 'd recommend to just clean up the islamic state , then see what happens . 
  if only your congress could agree on that . 
  our economy is tied with russia 's . 
  if we put up your stupid sanctions , we hurt our own economy too . 
  which explains why you do n't understand politics . 
  look at russia 's statistics . 
  they outnumber the european continent in numbers , have equal quality firearms , maybe better , have more tanks and aircraft , and fucking nukes . 
  you think we , a fractured union stand a chance against that ? 
  we 're trying to stay out of conflict because unlike the usa , we learned from our past mistakes . 
  we 're done with war .
