  long live the byzantine empire !, 
  * roman empire intensifies *, 
  we are neighbors !, 
  the belgian people just do n't realize it yet ... 
  i do n't think you can fit any more settlers between cities since settlers can not settle in a radius of five tiles of another city . 
  polish hussars best hussars . 
  you can rival kebab now . 
  the archeon in the netherlands , it 's near the city of alphen aan de rhijn, 
   ` nothing is true and everything is permitted ' ftfy, 
  ally poland , build galleys . 
  not needed . 
  those things fall out of the sky themselves . 
  just need a russian guy to go to the wreckage and write xaxaxaxa on it, 
  you need n't worry , as there 's a substantial amount of oil in us territory, 
  then there 's a follow-up question : would you rather live in a country run by fear that keeps you safe , or a free society where you could get gunned down on the street ? 
  good call . 
  participation could potentially mean a paris-like attack , i fear . 
  see : china , north korea , russia , arabian states . 
  so many reddit armchair generals ... 
  they are right . 
  blood will flow . 
  but we all know whose blood it actually is . 
  [ thank you ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/the-office-thank-you-michael-scott-1z02vuppxp1pa ) for actually adding something constructive to the discussion . 
  [ i suggest you read this and reconsider what you say . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/2enj7m/lets_talk_about_islam/ ), 
  the big problem with islam , our religion , is that it lacks a central authority to tell right from wrong , sort of like the dalai lama , pope francis or patriarch bartholomew . 
  protestantism and all other branches of the church may not have central authority , but that is because they use western morals and values as their guidelines . 
  apparently fear keeps people in line . 
  we should try to take out their means of communication . 
  filter out all communication coming from the hivemind in the middle-east . 
  i find it rather amusing that when they ca n't win an argument they cry antisemitism . 
  ahahahah turk go home you are the shit user go back t our cousins in 4chan ahahaha remove remove kebab, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vbu40ddvcte ), 
  if there 's some kebab in your neighborhood , who you gon na call ? 
  do n't forget other genocides !, 
  could 've been an attempted hijacking or suicide bomber . 
  \u00d8l !, 
  dixie land , just because it 's quite cheerful . 
  your comment makes zero sense . 
  are you implying that certain people are successful because they 're part of a certain ethnic group of people ? 
  how dare you . 
  true . 
  i just meant that like the slavs , they migrated too . 
  it is n't , i believe . 
  the us does n't directly sell weapons to the rebels , but sells them to another country , which sells them to the rebels . 
  a neat little trick to avoid being called out on it since they will say they had no control over what a trading partner does with their weapons . 
  interesting . 
  thank you for sharing that information . 
  3rd-6th century , from moesia , according to wikipedia . 
  albanians migrated to modern day albania too , just like the other slavs . 
  you are not special . 
  you are no exception to your own argument . 
  edit : i 'm not saying albanians are slavs , but they migrated just like them . 
  just like the germans . 
  regardless of religion , they deported our people and killed a lot of them . 
  now that i think about it , almost every country has blood on their hands . 
  for one , throw away your `` serbia is a hivemind intent on genocide '' logic . 
  people come and people go . 
  we dutch got some shit destroyed by germany during ww2 , but it does not mean we destroy german stuff in our country ( along the borders ), 
  i certainly did not see germany rebuild anything in europe which they destroyed . 
  or the allies , for everything they bombed , or the soviets , who also destroyed some shit here and there . 
  besides all that , was n't gavrilo princip a yugoslavian nationalist ? 
  as in that he wanted a big unified yugoslavia that could fend off the ottomans/turkish and the habsburgers ? 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty harsh coming from britain . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  just because someone else breaks your stuff , does n't mean you have to break theirs . 
  you need to be better than that . 
  your history as an albanian , by your standards , is and invader of greece/byzantium . 
  i suggest you read a good book about it and come back when your grammar and your logic improves . 
  is britain a theocracy : i think people can agree to some degree on that since the head of state is also head of the church . 
  and drussia, 
  i do n't remember declaring independence from mexico . 
  so is your statement . 
  where are your arguments ? 
  with a one million troop deterrent . 
  yeah , no . 
  turkey supplies a lot of soldiers to nato , protecting us from russian aggression . 
  they will never be thrown out of the nato . 
  war has been cementing european identity since 476 a.d. 
  go to the netherlands . 
  we have better roads among other things . 
  that is not the point . 
  the point is that everyone keeps yelling how immigration is destroying european values , but that is as far from the truth as it gets . 
  nothing . 
  just not reasonable to say that slovakians voted against something when they did n't . 
  can they adapt their skin color as well then ? 
  tomorrow sealand wants one too . 
  so do north korea , mexico , central african republic , and taiwan . 
  after that we 'll just give everyone the right to veto . 
  recently i read on another sub that the usa exports weapons to saudi arabia , who then sells them to isis . 
  any truth to this statement ? 
  ally poland , build galleys . 
  says the austrian, 
  if you do n't want to damage your european identity , then do n't fuck immigrants . 
  if you like this , you should definitely check out wilsonian armenia . 
  * small town * gee , if i were to live in a town of around 5100 people of which 90 % are hungarians , would i say yes to refugees who do n't even want to stay in the country ? 
  fuck outta here with cherrypicking whatever suits your agenda . 
  put in more context next time . 
  wiki islam 's google search already says ` the most critical parts ' .
