. . eeeeewww . 
  ( damn you . 
  there 's coffee all over my monitor now . ), 
  sadly , some them were probably germans ( at least judging from some of the voices in the video ) . 
  anyway - fuck them , regardless where they are from . 
  additional thoughts after watching that : * spanish police really dont fuck around . 
  * is it really * that * hard to record with your cellphone ? 
   what i meant is that you seem oddly blind to evil done by the us government , no matter the evidence . 
  i still do not see how you come to that conclusion . 
  nor do i know * why * you chose to get involved in this discussion . 
  he did not back up his ( to my mind ) simplistic , wild-eyed claim and instead chose to dump links that referred to a different matter . 
  nor did he clarify . 
  the matter is more complicated to be put in such abolute terms as good and evil . 
  if you expect me to be angry at all the world 's ` evils ' - be they imaginary or real - you are barking up the wrong tree . 
  outrage is not my game . 
  no , i do n't agree with your contrived scenario . 
  how did you come to that conclusion anyway ? 
  you provided sources for the guantanamo bay detention camp and the patriot act . 
  both have little to do with your claim that the us  silence [ you ] for speaking out against an increasingly controlling and dangerous government . 
  i 'm not arguing that guantanamo or the patriot act are n't qustionable . 
  rather , i am saying that your link dump does n't provide the information to legitimize your claim . 
   if america doesnt like you , you get dragged into guantanamo without trial indefinitely , held in poland and tortured , and silence for speaking out against an increasingly controlling and dangerous government . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  you 're not winning this argument , [ no matter what ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_etymology ) . 
  it usually does . 
  unless you are really uneducated , or using cockney rhyming slang . 
  there is no sense in debating you i see . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  thx for the downvote btw . 
  again : the case is being considered in the us , but no charges have been brought . 
  prima facie , the us has every right to bring charges against him , or anyone else connected to wikileaks , since the whistleblowers broke the law . 
  the justice dept. 
  has the same right to bring charges as assange has the right to a fair trial . 
  as far as extradition is concerned [ this ] ( http://www.sweden.gov.se/sb/d/2710/a/15435 ) might serve as background info . 
  it is hard to say what will happen in the event that charges are brought . 
  until then , i suggest that speculation and fear mongering is not the right way to go about this business . 
  lastly : as far as i can see it , the state dept. 
  issued a warning to paypal , and they caved in . 
  no threat was issued , nor did paypal sue for an infringement of their rights . 
  let me repeat : no * material * threat was issued , therefore this action by the state dept. 
  - albeit questionable - was not illegal . 
  so where is the actual evidence that he will be dragged off to a ` black site ' ? 
  he is not an ` enemy combatant ' . 
  what would the cia want from him anyway ? 
  espionage charges are in the bailiwick ( another big word ) of the justice department . 
  so what you are alleging does not pass muster . 
  it is about as likely as reagan rising from the grave . 
  paranoia has only one other meaning besides the medical one - this being '' [ extreme , irrational distrust of others . 
  ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/paranoia#english ) '' bang on the nose , that one . . 
  where is the evidence for a persecution ? 
  i 'm going to repeat what i 've said earlier : the swedish police wants to question him on the allegation of a rape . 
  that 's it . 
  everything else - the us dragging him off because of their notorious disdain for noble whistleblowers , the danger of him being punished extralegally - is just something * he * has alleged . 
  without any evidence , i might add . 
  and you have zero evidence that this is happening , or going to happen . 
  and why is that ? 
  do you have any actual scientific evidence that the us justice system is politically influenced ? 
  that he will not get a fair trial ( or a ` proportionate ' trial , whatever that is ) ? 
  correlation is not the same as causation . 
  but , hey since we 're essentially writing science fiction , could it not also be possible that they drag him off to area 51 where he will be tortured and questioned by zombie reagan ? 
  ` political persecution ' will have no bearing in any court , neither in the us nor in sweden . 
  he is n't being shipped to stalinist russia . 
  unless of course you are buying into the usual scary conspiracies . 
  no he does not . 
  you * do * however know [ paranoia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paranoia ) is a legitimate mental illness ? 
  either you were trying to say that he has reason to be suspicious , or you agree that the man has a personality disorder . 
  how would i know that ? 
  the question still stands : why he is running from an investigation to a ( relatively ) minor offence ? 
  it is my understanding he left sweden the day ( or soon after ) he was called in for questioning . 
  the man is n't wanted for murder , nor have there been any charges brought against him in the us . 
  if this is the most serious charge , why does he keep running from the investigation ? 
  your comments are literally getting dumber by the hour . 
  and i think you 've missed the point of a federation . 
  having a cynical and unrealistic notion to european politics get you nowhere . 
  you make it sound as if there is only one telos to european unification , which shows that you are either unwilling to engage in a conversation , or are unable to grasp the underlying concepts of supranational politics . 
  if we 're looking to the united states as a model for a european superstate , the states wo n't have to be dissolved as territorial and political units . 
  they will imply cede more of their rights - thinking of defense , foreign policy , etc. 
  - to a centralized government . 
  austrian band . 
  if you look around in this thread , i 'd say that this type of behaviour is almost universally rejected . 
  i agree that this is a problem that deserves more publicity , but not at the cost of the freedom of speech . 
  people shoud have the right to expose themselves as bigoted morons . 
  is it ? 
  i think you misunderstood the point of that ad . 
  not sure where get the impression that berlin is run by old conservative people . 
  neither is true . 
  not sure , but their production is based in several european countries , so i assume yes . 
  dont be harsh . 
  any kind of chocolate is good . 
  having said that , i 'm actually a big fan of the [ purple stuff ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milka ) . 
  i see your late period \u00e4rzte and raise you [ the classics ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chwordpfnyc ) . 
  tilt-shift . 
  i hate you , j\u00f6rg daiber . 
  if you remove the free markets ( whatever you mean by that ) you remove the eu . 
  and then we 're back to square one . 
  let me put it this way : it 's like seeing your mom in a dress that is way too revealing . 
  i know where you 're going . 
  stop . 
  who is this god person anyway ? 
  i always thought it would translate as `` insel des/der menschen '',
