  4 therefore the action of paying taxes is beneficial, 
  well you know what they say : it 's a doggy dog world out there, 
  thats was in ukraine, 
  translation : `` the small difference between busting your ass every day and being a parasite called `` public official '' '', 
  take a bus to guanajuato, 
  breaking one 's mother . 
  the word mother has many many different meanings in mexican slang, 
  i likethe idea , but the editing is kind of poor, 
  tbh i found the barcelona beaches to be pretty mediocre , the rest of spain has much better beaches, 
  please say why !, 
  just listing a bunch of cities adds nothing to the discussion, 
  yeah i mean , i 'm not shitting on the guy or anything , but the editing really is lacking . 
  what 's your definition of balanced trade ? 
  related and more satisfying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orhpu9tjyto, 
  yeah , i worked as a teller too , some people are absurdly rude . 
  but then you wo n't be le-classy according to / r/soccer !, 
  not necessarily , an economic bubble is when the price of an asset rises well beyond its intrinsic value or its economic return . 
  if housing prices are extremely high it may be because people are overvaluing housing as an investment , which would make it a housing bubble , or it may be because there is high demand for housing with an inflexible supply , which would mean it 's not a bubble . 
  funny thing is that we say the same thing in quer\u00e9taro regarding druglord families . 
  puebla , mexico is safer than many metro areas of the us . 
  only next to international borders or the sea . 
  puebla is in central mexico . 
  `` safer than baltimore , los angeles , houston , chicago , atlanta , new orleans , etc , etc '' ~ visit mexico, 
  true , intrinsic value is a very fuzzy term , which is why it 's so hard to know when you have a bubble . 
  i never lived in a gated community and i was never the victim of a crime in mexico, 
  all of these are reddit approved opinions , read the thread title, 
  oh yes , reddit is so famous for being a religious website, 
  i feel like a lot of opposition to free trade and immigration stems from people 's inability to differentiate between money and wealth . 
  people believe that dollars are inherently valuable just like king midas and 18th century mercantilists thought of gold , they feel that these immigrants are sending away wealth when in reality they 're sending an i.o.u. 
  to mexico , which means that eventually mexico will buy an amount of goods equivalent to the dolllars received . 
  sure !, 
  1 mexican immigrant sends dollars to mexico, 
  2 mexican family receives dollars and exchanges them for pesos, 
  3 this depreciates the value of the dolllar in relation to the peso, 
  4 which makes us exports cheaper , thus more attractive for mexican consumers, 
  can you please stop talking with so much confidence about a topic you know nothing about ? 
  i just googled `` longest verb in english '' and found this word and then applied a similar formula to what op did in his post :, 
  `` in order to estimate the valuelessness of the word `` floccinaucinihilipilificating '' we must start by floccinaucinihilipilificating floccinaucinihilipilificating . 
  and he lives in one of the coolest cities in the world, 
  simon and garfunkel 's the sound of silence started playing in my head when i saw that, 
  i do n't think that matters , imho execution matters more than uniqueness , if she can make them better or market herself beter then she can be successful even if she does n't have a monopoly on this particular niche, 
  just a question : if kranevitter signs for atl\u00e9tico now but only plays until january does he count as part of the squad ? 
  i 'll offer an alternative perspective : i 'm from quer\u00e9taro , a city that has n't suffered any drug violence and has become some sort of a peace haven for mexicans . 
  the drug war has meant that we 've experienced a huge wave of wealthy immigrants from the rest of the country which has started a sort of renaissance in the city . 
  we have tons of bars , restaurants , cafes , etc and cultural places opening up all over the place . 
  on the downside this immigration is making the city overcrowded and caused many traffic and housing issues . 
  - insult anything we 're proud of , mexicans are pretty thin skinned, 
  - the show is good , but whenever they speak in spanish i ca n't help but feel embarrassed : the actors are absolutely dreadful and some like gus and uncle salamanca ca n't even speak spanish properly, 
  laziness is probably the worst stereotype , people that say that mexicans are lazy have never seen a mexican house worker walk for kilometres while carrying her baby while the sun is burning just to get to a back breaking unpleasant job that pays 400 dollars a month, 
  it 's probably a cultural thing , if you are n't used to spicy food then you 're pretty sensitive . 
  mexico has many different weathers , some states can get temperatures above 50c , for some others it tops at something like 35c , and some others have night temperatures above 30c, 
   that you have your wooden crosses at almost every wall, 
  yeah , it 's actually pretty common to have one above your bed , my grandma also has a little `` shrine '' with a photo of the pope and some candles in her bedroom, 
   next step was franco banning foreign team names, 
  why did sportiing de gij\u00f3n , racing de santander and athletic de bilbao keep their foreign names ? 
   however , the whole project is notorious for cost overruns and was big topic in politics a few years ago but i think in the recent years this has been sorted out . 
  i think pretty much every large construction project is like this, 
  ah i see , thanks, 
  i think he was only seen as good because he was actually older than what he claimed to be , happens a lot with african players, 
  hope you enjoy mexico !, 
  are you going to p\u00e1tzcuaro ? 
   it builds up in the oceans because the water evaporates out and leaves the salt there . 
  why does n't that happen to lakes too ? 
  i see , thank you !, 
   `` median apartment rents in the city have increased 75 % since 2000 while median ** real ** incomes have dropped by nearly 5 % during that same period . '', 
  so incomes are adjusted for inflation but housing prices are n't ? 
  this is extremely dishonest, 
  rent control limits housing supply which means that rents for not controlled appartments will be higher than they would without rent control, 
  it 's not that it was n't used , it 's just that it only represented the kingdom of castile and leon , it did n't represent spain as a whole ( the colonies belonged to spain as a whole , not particular kingdoms within spain ) , the cross of san andr\u00e9s would have made more sense . 
  move to a shorter country, 
  same thing happened to me , oh well !, 
  it 's called intro stats by richard de veaux and others, 
  and imanol harinordoquy played the heineken cup final with a broken rib and nose, 
   the reason they come is because they know they do get financial support, 
  do you genuinely belive that people are leaving their friends , familly and entire lives behind , paying a small fortune to smugglers , and risking their lives at sea and in cramped trucks just in order to get financial support from the state ? 
  i said financial support , not financial reasons . 
  i 'm sure many are going to germany for the job opportunities , does n't mean that they are doing it in order to get money from the government . 
  this is n't evidence that they 're going there in order to receive financial support from the state , germany simply has more job opportunities , moreover , only a minority is going to germany , there are plenty of refugees in turkey . 
  plenty of them are indee stopping at the first country they can , to my knowledge turkey has more refugees than germany . 
  people are going to germany due to better job opportunities . 
   i get that carnitas are normally pork , but does n't carnitas literally translate to `` little meats '' ? 
  that does n't mean it 's a correct translation, 
   by that i mean : imagine someone playing a texan character with a californian accent . 
  he could know language very well , but still butcher the accent completely . 
  it 's actually much worse : it 's like a german playing someone from texas . 
  big populations do n't necessarily translate into dominance , for example tiny new zealand absolutely dominates international rugby . 
  safe , clean , relatively developed , beautiful colonial cities , beautiful nature in the mountains , perfect weather ( sunny winters and mild summers ) , in the center of mexico so it 's well connected , good food ( barbacoa , carnitas , pambazos ), 
  cons :, 
  it 's starting to get crowded due to immigration , it 's far from the beach , it 's culturally conservative, 
   or morelia , a city whose colonial downtown only has guanajuato and san miguel de allende for competition in beauty, 
  you clearly have n't been to zacatecas, 
  not as closely as your parents, 
  real madrid is considered a friendly club for oviedo fans and there are many real mad fans in asturias so it 's not surprising, 
   i forgot about the military service component of being a rock star . 
  yeah nothing says that you 're a non-conformist rebel that makes his own rules more than following orders from a general and working for the government . 
  elite women 's soccer players routinely lose against teams composed of teenagers , frankly 70k a year is pretty sweet . 
  the teenagers that beat them make nowhere near that . 
  it really bothers me how this woman expects preferential treatment just because of her nationality , why should an unskilled citizen of the us have privileges over an unskilled citizen of any other country ? 
  what makes her in particular more worthy of a residence permit than say , an egyptian national ? 
  have you actually been to madrid ?
