  are you very touchy feely ? 
  that could definitely make them think that you 're flirting , it could also be that you 're very attractive and they interpret everything as a sign of you being interested though, 
  why do people think / b / is some sort of boogeyman that will automatically ruing your life if they post your facebook there ? 
  that idiot 's post probably got buried in the last page of / b / after 5 minutes, 
  south park joke about the loch ness monster, 
  i do n't get this conspiracies , why would they put the word jews in there ? 
  like what purpose would it serve ? 
  nooo , we should leech their bandwidth, 
  i thought it was supposed to be mocking conspiratards , you know comparing them to beavis and butthead and all that, 
  shit i had forgotten about giving the name , thanks for doing it for me, 
   i just said let the workers unionize . 
  there is an active force prevention unionization, 
  and then watch the companies move to the next cheap labor country ... 
  you know nothing about economics , if we ban sweatshops they will magically be replaced by cozy well paying jobs and everyone will hold hands and sing happy tunes, 
  yeah , theyr efunded in less than 24 hrs on a sunday , so i really ca n't complain , i did miss the deal though, 
  i think that 's in the uk , but i 'm not entirely sure, 
  example here , notice how opinions that would be upvoted in that subreddit all have very low scores :, 
  i 'm not generally in favor of minimum wage laws , but they do help when you have a monopsony in labor markets, 
  ehh i thought it was an old similar video that i watched that was in the uk, 
  i like how casual russians are about it , if it were in the states everyone would be shouting woooooohhhhh , world star baby , you got knocked out byatch !, 
  no guevo or guebo is the correct spelling, 
  edit : webo is also acceptable, 
  the singular form for tamales is tamal , when making a word plural in spanish you add an - es if the word ends in consonant, 
  not really , but we do recognize that it 's a very very dumb thing to do, 
  you 're saying that you deface public property but you think that defacing someone 's art is bad ? 
  i know you call it that way , it 's just silly to do so, 
   you do n't tag private residences or houses of worship . 
  what about public areas ? 
  public property is everyone 's property , e.g. 
  some jackass tagged the bench in front of my apartment , now a part of my street looks like shit because someone wanted to push the post-modern frontiers of art ownership, 
   ownership and permission are at the core of questions pusbed by graffiti . 
  there 's no ownership and perission to be questioned , public property is n't yours to deface . 
   ignore and concede , or reclaim, 
  or a third one : call the police and get whoever is postmodernly pushing the sub-ante-meta-pre-conjuntural borders of ownership tazed and fined, 
  of course , just because smashing my hand with a hammer hurt the first 537 times it does n't mean that it will hurt the 538th time right ? 
  agreed i like her much more in her workout videos, 
  some of those are obviously edited but soem are definitely real , thatw e have a hard time telling them apart is telling, 
  several of these are shops, 
  this is a safe space , please take your hate speech away from here , you 're literally raping every single one of us forever and retroactively . 
  i do n't know i would much rather have a very strict subreddit over stupid image macros and rage comics, 
  tedx , just like ted but with more explosions and martial arts, 
  there 's a difference between using a utilitarian logic to support that and just going wahhh the patriarchy not giving me free condoms is literally oppressing me, 
   your history, 
  excuse me ? 
  history ? 
  check your privilege you shitlord, 
  you do n't have to be born an inanimate object in order to be an inanimate object, 
  the second one is just lovely, 
  well i 'm not saying that one is necessarily a shop , but there being so many shops it could be one . 
  take this one for example : http://i.imgur.com/r9jpt.jpg, 
  that 's someone 's fetish son, 
  depends on the context , if a random woman approaches me at a club i will assume that she 's hitting on me , if a girl from class asks me about something from class i wo n't, 
  once or twice a year ? 
  i have n't cried in public since i was twelve though, 
   one of the selling points of us leftist is that we are usually always nice and never violent . 
  come to us . 
  yep , pol pot , mao and stalin never hurt a fly, 
   gee , and feminists keep telling me `` women do n't do things like that '', 
  well look at a webpage like jezebel ( or better do n't ) where you 'll see articles writing about how they would totally fuck ryan lochte , or which of the romney sons is hotter, 
   en los parques o hasta plena calle . 
  if you got drunk and got your ass penetrated by a dildo would you feel raped ? 
  not raped but i 've been sexually assaulted , two random drunk chicks dipped their hands under my boxers , at the moment i got pissed but it was n't traumatic or anything, 
   but , economics is the study of human behavior through money . 
  no it 's not, 
  / r/politics pls go, 
   i think we came to the conclusion that economics is the analysis of the behaviors of people dealing with scarce resources . 
  and that 's right , that 's like the very first sentence in any introductory microeconomics text book, 
  i feel for you , some scam artist using `` bio quantic medicine '' has scammed my family for quite soem cash , no idea what to do , and the asshole is also built like a tank, 
  well it 's just as heinous, 
  i tried googling `` spicy dildo '' but i did n't get any relevant results, 
  how could you enter that house after the police found that ? 
  or did you enter the murder scene before the police found out ? 
   i was in tears at this point . 
  now is n't that a bit melodramatic ? 
  it 's pathetic to cry as an adult because you 're lost, 
  whenever soembody whips out the biotruths you know you 're in for a treat, 
  yeah man i like drinking beer , must be due to my 1/16th irish heritage, 
  it 's nice seeing quality content like this posted, 
  what i do n't understand is why they ca n't be content with just shitting up their own subreddit , why come here ? 
  ehhh whenever i hear of people in the us complaininng about tuition rates i imagine these huge rates of more than 10k a year , but 4k a year seems very very affordable ( i 'm paying the equivalent of 3k a year here ), 
  ahh i see , seems insane , i mean , according to one of my professors ( and former president of my university ) the cost per student in spain is 8000 euros per year ( but most of the price is subsidized ) , i do n't know what the hell is making universities so expensive in the us, 
  i suppose it 's due to the pose they 're making ? 
  you know , bent over, 
  i normally do n't comment on posts having downvotes , but i find it bizarre that this comment is at -1 , it 's like someone somewhere disapproves of you having thick spoons, 
  as a mexican i can sympathize , the idiotic cinco de mayo celebration is obnoxious, 
   celtic race, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  it 's frankly better than 555555555555, 
  why would it matter ? 
  if an adult woman is sitting on your lap she probably knows what she 's doing, 
   manly thing to do, 
  i hate it when people try to argue about something by saying `` this is the manly thing to do '' or `` a real man would do x '' , who the hell made you an authority on manliness ? 
  wat , he 's sepcifically talking about women over 18 , that 's precisely the opposite of a pedo , are you retarded ? 
  how dare people be attracted to women over 18 !, 
  those evil evil pedophiles !, 
  i heard that someone once kicked a mail box there !, 
   it starts to work with reasonable error at around 50ish samples iirc but obviously more is better ), 
  i think it starts at 30 , at that amount i can approximate a binomial distribution to a normal distribution, 
  the fuck does this have to do with economics ? 
  well it 's about bloody time !,
