  same for asturias ( the other spanish community in the map ), 
  ah i see , is n't a 3 gpa equivalent to an 80 % ? 
  that 's luis vuitton , the famous mexican clothes shop . 
  a wilson !, 
  no solo tu lo consideras , es una de las teorias mas importantes del comercio : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/factor_price_equalization, 
  wat , you tip at a buffet ? 
  she was right to dump him , it looks like shit, 
  how do you find buyers for those pages ? 
  thanks brah, 
  you can make a rule saying that x % of the product has to be made in the country, 
  i think you meant the exchange rate, 
  it was , apparently she became co ceo after her husband died , now who in his right mind would marry this crazy cunt is another story, 
  oh yeah i understand , nothing wrong with that , just seemed kind of random to see this request here, 
  yes , it 's from a thread on bodybuilding.com , a guy started jokingly hitting on a girl on her facebook 's wall and a guy sent a threatening pm to the guy hitting on the girl , this was the message :, 
  u are 1 fucking cheeky cunt mate i swear i am goin 2 wreck u i swear on my mums life, 
  and i no u are scared lil bitch gettin your mates to send me messages saying dont meet up coz u r sum big bastard with muscles lol fuckin sad mate really sad jus shows what a scared lil gay boy u are and whats all this crap ur mates sendin me about sum bodybuildin website that 1 of your faverite places to look at men u lil fuckin gay boy fone me if u got da balls cheeky prick see if u can step up lil queer, 
  god hates flashmobs, 
  i do n't see how the site having an agenda can change what we see in the video . 
  can you please explain to me how the agenda behind the website is playing tricks on my mind and making it seem as though those women are spitting and spray painting those men ? 
  your comment is implying that fat people are n't healthy , fat people are the healthiest since evrybody knows that diabetes is a social construct, 
  of course , it probably says so on the testament !, 
  the funniest part is that he sees himself as some sort of criminal master mind for having gotten some karma opn reddit, 
  i 've only scrolled halfway through the page and i 've already seen that fucking joke 6 times, 
  i think you 're the one that has never seen one , that 's a pretty damn good play . 
  this is the 8th instance i see of somebody trying to make this joke, 
  yeah , but it still does n't make it funny, 
  you make a reasonable point . 
  i would like seeing those sources , i did a google search for `` ni putes ni soumises argentine '' and found nothing, 
  i 'm curious , which degrees are the ones that have unpaid internships ? 
  are unpaid internships a result of an oversupply of people in certain degrees ? 
  do engineering , computer science , etc have this problem ? 
  that website almost made my browser crash , blogs are getting more ridiculous by the day, 
  i would like to see if there 's research done about how much can we increase the minimum wage without harming the economy , after all , there has to be a point at which you ca n't raise the price floor without pricing people out of jobs right ? 
  cargo shorts , graphic tees , and fedoras of course, 
  the thing about aspartame is that if it were banned then conspiratards would say that it 's a conspiracy by the diet industry ^ tm to keep down this magic sweetener that wo n't make you fat . 
  there 's no winning with conspiratards , reality itself is a conspiracy to them . 
  where does it say that the model lost weight because of cancer ? 
  if every day i say it 's going to snow then im bound to be right one day, 
  i use it whenever i 've run out of links to click on, 
  of course i 'm right , i 'm part of the secret jewish conspiracy that controls the haarp project . 
  he seems legitimately mentally ill . 
  i think that the problem is that we do n't want this place to devolve into a place like [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) or [ / r/gaming ] ( / r/gaming ), 
   i 'm not . 
  islamic countries never really had a policy of removing christian and jewish minorities, 
  the almohads in spain were pretty intolerant http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almohad#status_of_non-muslims, 
   islamic countries never really had a policy of removing christian and jewish minorities, 
  you were making a pretty concrete statement rather than a generalization , but i see your general point . 
  you could have it in a liquid asset like government bonds, 
  how do you determine when a given stock is undervalued and when it 's simply cheap because it 's a bad investment ? 
  let us hope that he is permanently disfigured and disabled as a result . 
  what is a dla ? 
  how can somebody be so clueless ? 
  / fit / is crap , most threads are about teenage male insecurities like height , penis size , getting women , etc. 
  but they 'll be paid in buttcoins :(, 
  i think you 're in the wrong thread . 
  she 's pretty odd looking, 
  yeah but even if they 're famous there 's nothing remotely interesting about these photos , like , i would n't even look at these photos even if someone i actually knew had taken them, 
  why the fuck would anyone care about these photos ? 
  why ? 
  also , why do i come here to get irrationally angry at stupid people ? 
  was n't it the other way around ? 
  i mean , brazil is to the east of the americas while mexico , argentina , etc are to the west, 
  i remember reading that actually more portuguese were in favor of portugal joining spain than spaniards, 
  according to this video way more than 5 % are in favor of it , though i have no idea how rigorous that poll was ( although it was done by the university of salamanca which is one of the most prestigious in spain ), 
  do you have a source for all of what you 're claiming ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
   edit 5 : oh my god , i 'm laughing so hard right now . 
  i read the url of your gif knowing full well what gif it was, 
  so it 's close to `` kaiser '' ? 
  yeah maybe suck some dick here and there , not because you are attracted to men or anything but because you want to make her jealous , r-right guys ? 
  this would actually be a cool thing to vote on in this subreddit, 
  you should do some reading on economies of scale : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economies_of_scale, 
  there are certain sectors ( mainly those with high fixed costs but low marginal costs ) where it makes sense to have big companies, 
  weightlifting , playing video games and studying for january 's exams, 
  + fedoratip 1856fed, 
  i work out at a gym with several spanish cops and that 's exactly what they say aboout these types of videos , they only show people being arrested and not what did they before that . 
  thank you . 
   i trust that i do n't have to explain who feynman was . 
  ( if you do n't know , then google him . ), 
  why would it matter ? 
  are you trying to appeal to his authority ? 
  on the other hand telling everyone your goals actually helps you in that it gives you a social pressure to achieve them, 
  woosh, 
  mexican is n't a race , if you 're born in mexico you 're automatically mexican, 
  is this a reference to some book or movie ? 
  p funny anyway, 
  he 's jimmy buffet or some shit, 
  not until we get into a slapfight in the comments !, 
  this is n't true in spain . 
  he 's stalin , b respectful , he ended apartheid, 
   what i mean is that we should be questioning all authorities all the time . 
  we should definitely question authority , however , we should challenge such orthodoxy with strong evidence and logical arguments rather than with misguided contrarianism . 
  are the parents refusing vaccines and the vitamin injection doing so because they 've made a careful analysis of the opinions of reputed medical doctors ? 
  or are they doing so because jenny mcarthy said so ? 
  are you implying that people make stuff up on reddit ? 
  i tried playing dota2 once , i was playing in the easiest difficulty against bots and my team still raged on me as if they were pros, 
  oh believe me i did , after a while i got sick of it and just started griefing, 
  meh she 's making dumb videos and making money , not like she 's stealing food from the poor or soemthing, 
  this is really good op, 
  to protect you from democratically elected leaders of central american nations of course : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_guatemalan_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat,
