  oh man this is amazing, 
  rape is n't about non-consesual sex , rape requires institutional oppression , so women and black people ca n't rape, 
  i rather like skinny black girls , african features are not unattractive for me , but skinnyness is a must, 
  tbh inter cousin marriage was pretty normal historically speaking, 
  if it 's a blackman on a black woman yes , if not then sjws get an aneurysm, 
  because what passes off as curves nowadays is just being fat , i like skinny women with womanly curves , not fat women, 
  generally speaking our standards for who we are willing to have sex with are lower than those for who we are willing to have relationships with , i doubt that many guys would pass up the chance to date an extremely attractive woman ( mentally and physically ) just because she slept with them on the first date . 
  they probably did n't want a relationship in the first place, 
  never happened to me , farthest has been to the chest, 
  i would mind it a lot , i would n't like the idea of other men ogling at my gf . 
  depends on what you define as such of course !, 
  wtf , mexico ? 
  sounds pretty good actually, 
  i suppose that the criteria for this map must be a quite liberal then, 
  the url there ( http://nosrs.tk/main/resrsisters ) does n't seem to work anymore , is there any other way i can tag them ? 
  senile dementia is absolutely soul crushing , one of my grandmothers is suffering from it and her erratic and downright aggressive behaviour is putting a strain in the family , we have to surreptitiously medicate her because otherwise it would be even worse . 
  this still seems odd , why do n't individual taxi drivers charge less if they want to get more clients ? 
  go play rugby then !, 
  what about silver and copper ? 
   motecuhzoma, 
  is this a more accurate translation from the original n\u00e1huatl name than moctezuma ? 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  thanks, 
  so it is like , say arabic , in that there is n't a `` proper '' way of transliteration ? 
  is n't it libertine society ? 
  libertarian and libertine are n't the same thing, 
  you do n't necessarily have to work out , i made some minor fixes to my diet in november and lost around 8 kilos by february without much exercise, 
  i have the same opinion , there are questions when a female perspective adds to the discussion while there are others when it 's simply off topic for a woman to respond , for example :, 
  if i ask for ideas for a first date and a girl responds to the thread with a useful idea then she 's adding to the discussion , if i ask something like `` what are your turn offs ? '', 
  and a woman responds with her list of turn offs then it 's off topic and defeats the whole purpose of asking the question in the first place . 
  yeah , it 's like going to a restaurant to eat steak and getting served ribs instead , i mean , ribs are nice , but i came for steak, 
  goddamnit i also started reading the book a couple of weeks ago, 
  the article seems lacking in breadth , it feels like the same sentiment couldbe expressed in a 140 character twit . 
  not really , not because i 'm bitter or anything , but i just do n't give out many compliments to people in general, 
  how noble of them !, 
  if this were the other way around someone would come here to say that if this were the other way around these news would have been sooooo much more discussed, 
  just to add to this , as the bull dies he is given a final stab in the neck to finish him off , i do n't remember the name of the guy who does it , but he is n't the matador, 
  i live in spain , you 're full of shit . 
   did he really believe those 2 puny spears were going to stop that galloping behemoth of rippling muscle ? 
  they normally do, 
  i do n't even like their msuic but it would be amazing to go to a rammstein concert, 
  all the upvote your post get will be the number of dicks he 'll suck xd, 
  it kind of sounds like men that visit prostitutes are treated like slutty women . 
  racist term for white people that have sex with black people ( i 'm not sure if it is also used for other ethnicities ), 
  is that map corrected for the distortion that mercator projections provoke ? 
   f you threw a lit match on gasoline you should expect a fire . 
  a better analogy would be to throw literally millions of lit matches and trying to determine which match was the one that started the fire , i 'm agnostic regarding optimal taxation rates , but just correlating something as immensely complicated as gdp growth with a single variable and calling it a day is a little disingenuous . 
  i do think that there 's an element of ego in men 's choice too, 
  same for spanish, 
  popularity and status are contextual , perhaps a muscular athlete is n't high status in your social group , but what about , say , a famous historian ? 
  or a world renowned author ? 
  agreed , this sort of shitty political circlejerk posts should n't be allowed here, 
  december , some jackass cut in line at an extremely packed club and i gave him a couple of solid punches in the kidneys, 
  pudgy women wo n't really catch my eye . 
  i would n't say that i even buy the typical products ( axe bodyspray , shitty beers , etc ) that are advertised that way anyway, 
  in theory i do n't care , in practice i admit that i 'm biased and that my kneejerk reaction to hearing a woman say she 's bisexual is that she 's attention whoring, 
  what 's up with your autistic questions ? , i 've already seen you do this in many other threads, 
  personally i call it love when she assists me with murder, 
  of course not she larned all about the us consensus in her collage class, 
  it 's still pretty damn high, 
  there was a kid that was in my classes for the first year of my degree , he used to smoke weed outside of the cafeteria and skip class and i thought he was as dumb as a potato , he had an idea for opening a bar that everyone thought was retarded , he dropped out of school last year , and moved to london . 
  last i heard he 's a dishwasher making minimum wage, 
  bleh , hard to explain , you just were n't able to read between the lines , and i 've already seen you do this many times , asking stuff the same way someone with poor interpersonal skills would, 
  it 's shorthand for `` top lel '', 
  bottom lel is a whole different beast, 
  pls you 're infecting me with autism d :, 
  true , it 's `` servil '' in spanish, 
   the sunk cost of the time you guys have been together, 
  but you are n't supposed to take sunk costs into account when making decisions , only variable costs matter, 
  pls no , i 'm starting to grow a neckbeard and sooner or later i 'll get a fedora and an interest in my little pony, 
  sorry for the lack of a tag !, 
  i added it just now, 
  tbh i think you look better with long hair, 
  no , chairs that break because of your weight are a conspiracy by the patriarchy to keep fat people down, 
  we tell them it 's the only way to hide from the fema camps, 
  i 'm going to be hated for saying this but i think this comment is pretty off topic and goes aginst the spirit of the sub , but maybe i 'm just a stickler . 
  i think it 's off-topic because the point of the question is to hear about men who refused to get married and changed their mind , not to hear about everyone who refused to get married and then changed his or her mind . 
  she has a female tag, 
  well that 's prettyt much the theoretical basis of public choice theory : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_choice, 
  yeah i know that there 's no specific rule against it , it 's just kind of silly to see women responding to questions that are supposed to be for men, 
  this is generally a thick skinned subreddit so you should ' t fear hurting people 's sensibilities all that much, 
  god damnit those jews are at it again . 
  it 's satire i think . 
  his neck really hurt . 
  and the crippling inflation , capital controls and kleptocratic government !, 
   hong kong has almost 200 times the population density of the us . 
  while i 'm sure that hong kong has lots of density , it 's useless to compare a city with a very big , not very dense country like the usa, 
  that would actually be pretty neat , making money like a european and spending like an argentinian you would benefit from inflation, 
  congratulations : you got the joke . 
  i believe there 's a way of downloading into res a database of tags for people that visit srs . 
  also , i feel the same way as the previous guy , i disagree with some of your points but it 's dumb to downvote based on disagreement . 
  i think it 's one of the bottles that was thrown at him , but i 'm not entirely sure, 
  men that hate feminism have small dicks , women that are feminists are fat and ugly, 
  they changed his age to trick us . 
  i swear i once had a discussion with a srser here in which she argued that joking about genocide was ok , but joking about rape was bad . 
  i imagiine that the policy was more about giving people the silent treatment and excluding them rather than just ignoring them . 
  your mom was n't very laconic, 
  not necessarily , i can exclude you from activities while still talking to you . 
  how can you find that with google ? 
  by googling `` space racoon monkey throw '' or something ?
