  mexico 's sending the b-team to copa am\u00e9rica , the main team is going to the gold cup, 
  i 've never used uber , ca n't you reject poorly rated drivers from picking you up ? 
  she even says she 's opinionated , as if it were a positive trait, 
  `` any man who must say , `` i am the king '' is no true king . 
   look at mcgeady and mccarthy , both born in scotland but play for ireland because of grandparents nationality . 
  same for andy townsend and tony cascarino among others . 
  grealish was born in birmingham but played for ireland youth teams because of his grandfather ( s ) but could still play for the proper england team because he was born in england, 
  yes , but ireland is a different country , as such they have an irish passport , i 'm asking about people from the same country ( united kingdom ) playing for one of its constituent countries , which do n't have a passport, 
  not even long.term residence ? 
  say , someone from n ireland moving to wales as a child and living there for 15 years ca n't play for wales ? 
  i do n't think you understood the question , i 'm aware that they are different bodies , but the usual rule for most countries is that you need to have that country 's nationality ( for example , having a spanish passport to play for spain ) . 
  since constituent countries of the uk do n't have their own passports i 'm wondering how they define their nationality e.g. 
  can someone born in scotland but living in england for 15 years play for england ? 
  yes , and that 's also the same case for mexico, 
  for how long ? 
  no chelsea , fuck off , stop buying our players !, 
  i live in spain , i did n't hear any atleti fans say that , you 're full of shit, 
  nice to see you admit it : ^ ), 
  looks neat , nice job !, 
  btw : choosing a flair is kind of buggy, 
  darn immigrants ca n't speak english properly !, 
  are they allowed to work legally in france ? 
  quer\u00e9taro has a ton of engineering schools and good quality of life which makes attracting talent easy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the manzanillo coast is dominated by small fishing boats owned by locals such as this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manzanillo,_colima#/media/file:qv_manzanillo11.jpg, 
  nope , wrong animal too , best tacos are barbacoa, 
   also , `` retirement homes '' is an alien concept . 
  no it 's not why are you making stuff up ? 
  the goals are too big for female gks , they look like children ffs, 
  i think he did alright , he was n't a flop but he was n't a replacement for costa, 
   this might be social pressure : if everyone in your social group has one item , it is not unreasonable to expect that that item is good value, 
  i do n't think this is social pressure , this is more akin to a signaling mechanism , just like you can assume that a restaurant is good if it 's full . 
  why did n't he get a straight red ? 
  doing something like this is imo worthy of a serious sanction, 
  her form is fine , but the whole thing just reeks of attention whoring , if you want to be able to go lower you can just do barbell squats, 
  he forgot to mention that he 's also very humble, 
  ah just getting a cheeky ladyboy rimjob with lads, 
  mexico has made it to the round of 16 in six world cups in a row , yet has n't made it to the quarter finals in any of these occasions . 
  to put this in context , only two teams , brazil and germany have managed to pass to the round of 16 that many times in a row . 
  i ca n't imagine a man that says that having a healthy level of self esteem and confidence , i just ca n't . 
  you have a highly competitive industry with low barriers of entry and zero marginal costs , giving away content was a logical result, 
  do n't you fuckking insultthe tree !, 
  i just love how whiteknighting always backfires : these guys were posting their `` funny '' comments , expecting the women to pat them on the head but instead they got further insulted , lol . 
  so they do n't break if you use too much salsa or lime, 
   they were some sort of yucatan carnitas, 
  cochinita pibil maybe ? 
  i do n't know why but french people seem to really like mexico and latin america in general, 
  i think that the best investment you could make is reading the faq on the right column of this subreddit . 
  he did n't say that his people fought for it , re-read the comment, 
  edit : are you people stupid ? 
  this isthe exact quote from him :, 
  `` or because my people fought for them , they did n't , '', 
  what happens if your gf is crazy and decides to kill you in your sleep ? 
  what happens if your gf is crazy and decides to run you down withher car ? 
  what happens if your gf is crazy and decides to steal your identity and open a credit card in your name ? 
  if aspartame were banned then conspiratards would be making images saying that the fda banned a miracle sweetener that does n't make you fat in order to protect big sugar, 
  he hires prostitutes and models to pose with him while he makes money off his instagram following, 
  according to whom ? 
  himself ? 
  how many hours of using tinder does it take for you to get a date with someone ? 
  in my experience it takes many many hours of going to bars to get even a make out , so even if it 's hard to get a match on tinder it may still be a more efficient use of your time than bars, 
  sponsorships , wear someone 's clothes , etc, 
  meh , i do n't feel the need to lie on the internet, 
  giving publicity to brands/places , e.g. 
  he mentions some clubs in his posts and they pay him or he wears a certain brand of clothes . 
  mind you i do n't know secifically how he in particular does it , but i know how some people make money off their instagram following, 
   actually i know two of the girls he 's taken pictures with , and neither of them are prostitutes . 
  that 's why i also said models , i do n'tthink that he 's banging most of the women he poses with, 
  thephoto used in theheader of the article clearly has some forced perspective going on , the cow is pretty fucking tall but the video at the end shows that she is not as tall as presented in the first photo, 
   his talent in life is making huge piles of money out of even bigger piles of money, 
  that 's precisely the opposite of what the commenter above was saying , he 's actually a mediocre businessman that inherited his wealth, 
  if you watched rome you saw [ rome spoilers ] ( #s `` edmure betray mance and ellaria cheat on her husband '' ), 
  nope , her rome husband, 
  yeah , that guy seems to be forgetting that the us and mexico have a free trade agreement in place and that his predictions have n't come to life, 
  shae - the show becomes a lot more enjoyable to watch, 
  to be fair , bartomeu is n't the most trustworthy person when it comes to saying the actual price of transfers . 
  i 've heard that public healthcare covers cosmetic surgery if you can argue that you 're suffering from emotional distress , at least in spain, 
  because he was younger then ? 
   disagree , of course , because it 's my fucking money , i can do what i want with it , but i understand . 
  it is indeed your money , but do n't complain when you get disappointed yet again ( fool me once ... ), 
  i do n't think it 's sexist , i think it proves that redditors like to comment without even reading the article, 
  i think it was a cringeworthy movie, 
   it 's worth remembering that america originally meant what we now call south america . 
  mind you , in spanish speaking countries america refers to both nort and south america as single continent . 
  the us is n't the best team at baseball in the world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_baseball_classic, 
  teenagers playing with one less player can beat top women 's teams , http://www.thelocal.se/20130116/45646, 
  well is n't villareal the spanish name while vila-real is the valencian name ? 
  i think this is a pretty ham fisted parody of neckbeards, 
  i swear this fucking photo has become a meme on this website, 
  it is , top women 's teams have been beaten by teenagers, 
  in my expericen many real mad fans have some fondness for atleti, 
  oh yeah , happens all the time, 
  i actually live in spain and have spoken to plenty of real madrid fans so i 'm not pulling this out of my ass, 
  does anyone have any expericne with switzerland ? 
  apparently they have no capital gains taxes and similar wages to those in the us, 
  real mad is our biggest rival , but their biggest rival is barcelona , not us . 
  real mad paying el topo to leave , ayyy lmao, 
  those look like figs m8, 
  no , that would be `` chinga a su madre '', 
  my grandma gave us tickets for a raffle that had already happened , and that she had organized .
