  it was something about unions too, 
  i already posted the link to other comments but this is the one with the guy and his pug :, 
  eat shit : http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/xlbhk/so_we_rescued_this_pug_who_turned_out_to_be_very/c5neys6, 
  of course not , and when that thread happened i actually searched srs to see if they had bother posting it, 
  to be honest that 's actually important for certain jobs , even if not working for a transport company, 
  does he have the same insecurity regarding male friendships ? 
  maybe it 's a dumb question , but you said `` people '' instead of women, 
  use the link i gave you and do a search on srs , you wo n't find it because they never submitted it , i 'm posting proof of my assertions and you are n't, 
  yes but there are five suspects so who 's the innocent ? 
  huh ? 
  you made a claim , i proved you wrong , i do n't get what the hell the rest of your post seems to be about . 
  anyone that has ever learned about aggregate demand and supply macro models knows that this is bullshit , but of course , that would imply that any luddites commenting on this thread have even bothered learning about economics, 
  no , increases in productivity decrease costs , decreasing costs will decrease prices because firms are profit maximizing , even if the company in question is a monopoly , decreased prices increase real wages and decrease interest rates, 
  they changed it for wednesday , just downvote the idiots away, 
  that 's not the link i posted you silly, 
  edit : upon further inspection in that thread they are actually criticizing the person that submitted the thread to srs, 
  of course there is a tipping point , however , advanced economies can sutain way higher levels of debt than developing ones, 
  also , the word `` negro '' menas black in spanish ( without racist connotations ) so that could also be causing confusion, 
  your garden seems to be walled in , what the fuck are people that trespass it thinking ? 
   germany gets off the hook easy considering they depend on and benefit from their relationship with the spains and italies far more than the other way around . 
  another thing that is often ignored when praising the virtues of hard working germans is that they recently ( 2001-2003 ) had a crisis of their own as a result of an overtly generous welfare state . 
  advanced economy does n't equal big economy , advanced economies can sustain higher percetages than poorer countries , for example , japan 's debt to gdp ratio is much higher than jamaica 's , yet jamaica is the one that 's in trouble now . 
  increased productivity decreases costs , which decrease prices , which decreases interest rates which decreases the cost of capital so investment goes up *** so demand for goods and services goes up ***, 
  i 'm getting some baby oil and tissues, 
  bleh this post is / r/gaming tier of content, 
   the more you guys criticize right from the get-go , the more you become like / r/gaming [ 1 ] ( and unnecessarily hostile ), 
  huh ? 
  criticizing someone for making / r/gaming style sontent is making us into / r/gaming ? 
  i do n't see how i 'm being harsh , i 'm just expressing my displeasure at such vapid post, 
   the brain of a man and a woman, 
  but what is a man and a woman ? 
  like , if chromosomes are n't what makes us men or women then how can you call something a `` man or woman brain '' ? 
  but what is a `` male brain '' ? 
  because some people have an ax to grind, 
  well , most top comments seem to be about obama , i really do n't see hwre they 're talking about his wife . 
   basket + a bouncing ball, 
  and do n't forget a uniform space to bounce the ball ( you ca n't just play it on grass ), 
  because politics has an uncanny ability to shit up everything it touches , also , / r/politics links this subreddit in the sidebar, 
  a park ? 
  rome 2 is supposed to run on any computer that can run shogun 2, 
  well that 's also the direction of the americas, 
  malaga is southwest from barcelona , so i 'm right , tour operators just like giving `` quirky '' facts, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  he says that cyprus was fine until 2008 , then a mixture of excess spending , not asking for help from the eu , the `` greek haircut '' , etc were what caused it, 
  do you have a link for it ? 
  here 's a pretty good article that was linked to in this subreddit not long ago on the subject : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/03/business/the-minimum-wage-employment-and-income-distribution.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0, 
  well , personally i did this sort of shit when i was their age too , does n't mean i did n't deserve being punished, 
  the only thing that 's clear here is that you have an ax to grind . 
  ~ ~ you would only be right if we were talking about a market with perfect competition , in reality most producers have a bit of market power so costs do matter when it comes to determining prices . ~ ~, 
  edit : scratch that i said something dumb , sale prices of goods are determined by costs too ( and costs are partially determined by wages ) , the lower the costs the higher the profit margin , the higher the incentives for entering the market , which increases supply which decreases prices , this is micro 101, 
  he sounds like the heavy from tf2, 
  british version of bogans . 
  ahh somebody uses memrise too, 
  only the bulllying happened , the singing part and revenge are what she day dreamed today at school while she was being mocked for stinking ; _ ;, 
  he seriously had never in his life heard that joke ? 
  not really , no . 
  go to any popular thread and apply weapons on top comments by orangered, 
  we could use alt accounts to downvote infiltrate them, 
  it seems like an obvious marketing device , they call it `` leak '' to make it sound more appealing, 
  yeah , glad to know i 'm not the only one that thinks that, 
  i 'm curious how do you determine if something is plagiarism or if they 're just citing someone 's work ? 
  they could smell it the next day, 
  yes , you see , the jews are using hollywood to push white women to breed with the blacks and to push white men to be gay so that the white race is destroyed , and the jews want the white race destroyed for some sneaky reason that i still quite have n't figured out, 
   i think that if someone thinks i 'm a racist , they are more racist than i because for them to think i am racist would mean that they think every black person is a nigger by my definition , which just is n't true . 
  this guy is hilarious, 
  i 'm happy with how i look but i 'm not content , i want to keep improving, 
  but how else would these people establish their nerd cred ? 
  i think simply leaving your date after she mentioned being a feminist would dig deeper than whatever argument you can put forward . 
  all memes and advice animals are used incorrectly, 
  as others have said , gold is n't the only resource that people link currencies with , but one of the reasons people have chosen gold is because it 's relatively scarce and its `` value density '' , that is , you can store lots of wealth in a few coins while you ca n't really do that with a ton of wheat or a barrel of oil . 
  lol so random xd :p  :o, 
   ( ... ) optimization on a daily basis . 
  nice to know this , optimization has been my favorite part of all the math i 've learned so far in my degree . 
  it certainly does come from the fact that it 's a store of value , and i agree with your points ( full disclosure , i 'm not a gold advocate ) . 
   does nice things for getting you hired , though . 
  so an econ degree is good then ? 
  oh i remember making out with this girl that bit me all over ( lips , neck , chest , etc ) , and i mean , full on bites that left marks , it was pretty good , i need to get a woman like that again . 
  are you a big titted mexican that visited barcelona ? 
   fuck xbox , cars , poker and stereotypical shit . 
  grow the fuck up and get a mans hobby . 
  barbecuing , cooking , woodworking , changing diapers . 
  this just sounds retarded , what exactly is wrong with liking poker , cars and video games ? 
  all preferences are irrational , is there really soemthing rational behind liking , say , taller guys over short guys ? 
  or blond guys over brown haired guys ? 
  oh yeah i agree with that , personally i find promiscuity to be a turn-off but i do n't pretend that it 's a rational thing . 
  as much as i believe in due process , presumption of innocence and rule of law , i can understand the frustration of these people . 
  honestly i only think of leagues in terms of physical appearance , to me a woman can only be out of my league by being more physically attractive than me , i ca n't talk about a woman being out of my league due to her personality because i see it more as a compatibility thing rather than a superiority thing . 
   if you bbq , you will more than likely invite people over ... 
  if you play poker , you 're more likely to invite people over ... 
  if you like cars you 're more likeyly to invite friends to watch formula 1 races , etc. 
  hobby snobbery seems more immature to me than using the word `` retarded '', 
  yeah i always wonder what guys who say that sort of thing look like . 
  less experience , i 'm not promiscuous myself and i would prefer if we had similar levels of experience . 
  yeah that really bothered me, 
  one may even say that it 's a http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-xfgrqixbnyc/t3_g_2d3pli/aaaaaaaach4/a5-0gqxgvcs/s1600/true+story.jpg, 
  they both hate 4chan because they steal content from reddit and 9gag . 
  tbh most of reddit is american, 
  it was probably expensive concert beer . 
  honestly , at that level of drunkness pretty much anyone would have beaten him up . 
  were people just literally on their phones without saying a single word ?
