  hey everybody !, 
  dump your so if he/she has any character flaws ?!? 
  `` honey , i know that i used to take my ex-gf to fancy dinners and cool vacations , but i love you so much that i prefer staying home with you eating ramen '', 
  my dad ( an architect ) draws building perspectives by hand, 
  which volcano ? 
  thank you very much . 
  it 's the hypocrisy what 's wrong , i like fit women with big tits but i do n't pretend i do it because of some noble reason, 
  using le meme arrows on leddit ... 
  btw , people , an anonymous person has just sent me a private message telling me how / u/ucstruct kidnaps children to use them in satanic sex rituals, 
  if i were to take seriously the women that post there i would believe that women 's existence consists of nothing but rape rape trigger warnings rape rape anxiety attacks rape rape, 
  honestly i do it much less than sex , but yes , from time to time i do, 
  as a le canadian i 'm le sorry, 
  but that 's a meaningless measurement if you are n't comparing divorced men against men that did n't marry in the first place, 
  personal insults are n't the same as ad hominems , e.g. 
  `` you 're wrong and dumb '' is n't an ad hominem , `` you 're wrong because you 're dumb '' is an ad hominem, 
  `` creepy ass cracker '', 
  it 's pretty common in mexico, 
  pathetic people ( yeah men too , like the old fart in the video ) will try to put down those they see as superior to them, 
  joan pujol garc\u00eda , a spanish double agent received the mbe from britain and the iron cross from germany , so that 's probably the person you 're thibking of . 
   considered the major for rich dumb jocks who want something easy and want a job that will make them a lot of money . 
  oh boy , i 'm sure your friends will find differential equations , linear algebra , econometrics and macroeconomics easy, 
  ahh bridge battles , the camper 's wet dream, 
  they could choose the period between the end of medieval2 and the beginning of empire , but before that they 'll milk rome 2 for all the dlc they can make ( e.g. 
  the successor states wars , seleucid faction , something like barbarian invasion , etc ), 
   i try my hardest not to give up on men, 
  i hope so , most men probably do n't want to interact with you . 
  when the externality stops being so . 
  saying that more entrepeneurs tend to be trouble former trouble youths than not , is n't the same as saying that most former troubled youths end up being entrepreneurs , so calm down your hopes special snowflakes, 
  what i 'm left wondering is why are they giving steam keys along with origin keys ? 
  i mean , if they wanted us ti build an origin library it would have made sense to force us to dowload it on it . 
  also , for anyone interested in reading further about op 's second point it 's a concept that is called `` price discrimination '' in economics, 
  the more you conquer the more diplomatically penalized you are, 
  leaving certain friendly factions alive helps you when it comes to trade, 
  did you destroy the french ? 
  i do n't feel sorry for him , he 's probably the sort of white knight that defends women at every chance . 
  spain used to charge the same for all students , they 've only recently started charging more ( but it 's still pretty cheap ), 
  yes you can do that , but that would make too much sense . 
  a large scale farming operation can hire a financial advisor that will help them buy futures or option contracts , zero sympathy from my part, 
  i see , my bad . 
  good to know i can punch bigger people than me and then just complain when they hit back, 
  i do n't dislike him on a personal level , he seems like a genuinely nice person , i just dislike the overtly zany and cuh-ray-zee style . 
  i 'm mexican and i partially disagree , there are some areas of the country where gangsters will mess up with you regardless of whether you keep to yourself or not . 
  however , there are areas of mexico where crime is relatively low and you should n't have any issues . 
  why do n't this people go to facebook for this shit ? 
  post a photo of a bottle to / r/pics, 
  here it is : http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1kk6zh/one_of_the_most_frightening_places_of_my_childhood/, 
  that 's a txapela , to my knowledge it does n't mean you sympathize with terrorists , it 's just a basque cultural symbol . 
  ehh shrimp tacos are a normal food in mexican coast towns, 
  why ca n't these people post their stuff to facebook ? 
  we do n't know you , you 're strangers and we do n't care about your lives all that much, 
  cuba trades with many other countries , for example , you 'll find spanish hotel chains in cuban beaches, 
  surely you can find an example of that happening, 
  no , mfa hates cargo shorts because they 're bulky and look awkward most of the time, 
  is it coincidential that the best subreddits ( like askscience and askhistorians ) are the most heavily moderated ? 
  take it to [ / r/adviceanimals ] ( / r/adviceanimals ), 
  the zweihander is perfect for free for all, 
  the story just seems absurd , why would someone ask strangers at an airport to drive them to new york ? 
  take it to facebook take it to facebook grrrrrrr, 
  i 'm a 1.84 metres ( around 6 ' ) tall man , i weigh like 94 kilos and i already feel kind of chubby , i ca n't imagine how a woman that weighs more than me looks like , or for that matter how she eats like ( i eat a lot ), 
  en ninguno , op come arroz con popote, 
  thank you , but if i 'm intepreting this correctly :, 
   we find that immigration depresses wages below the 20th percentile of the wage distribution , but leads to slight wage increases in the upper part of the wage distribution . 
  the overall wage effect of immigration is slightly positive . 
  immigration does decrease the wages of the poorest ( while increasing overall wages ) , right ? 
  jesus christ what a dumbass, 
  but your confidence and experience probably comes from your age . 
  oh of course , what i 'm saying is that life experience will give you both and it 's harder for a young guy to have them, 
  que chingados creen los defe\u00f1os que significa el `` quesa '' en quesadillas ? 
  the bastard got away with it !, 
   i could understand comparative advantage but the opportunity cost is too high, 
  fixed, 
  i think she 's saying she would be tempted to drink booze , not fuck random men, 
  the patriarchy ^ tm is why i stubbed my toe . 
  i do n't get it , is the guy forcing her to do that sort of stuff ? 
  is he threatening or hitting her ? 
  a pension fund has stock , a stock holder is the owner of a company , a company most of the time owns means of production, 
  so old retired people become evil burgeois the moment they retire ? 
  my bad then . 
  seems like a pretty fitting laconic joke, 
  eh it would have been better if you had shown us photos of where you hiked , rather than something that would fit better on facebook, 
  oh man if this turns out to be something like what / u/warphalange did it 's going to be hilarious, 
  hurr durr i 'm a moose, 
  before watching the video i knew it was going to be from brazil , like what is it with these guys and shooting people from helicopters ? 
  this is the only goose i wuld choose :, 
  i dunno , that joke seems a bit ham fisted, 
  source pls , and do n't give me some shitty peta pamphlet , i want a reputable source, 
  perhaps try recruiting panelists on [ / r/economics ] ( / r/economics ) and [ / r/asksocialscience ] ( / r/asksocialscience ) ? 
  no , leaving it all to the downvote/upvote system will yield crap subreddits like / r/adviceanimals or [ / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu ] ( / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu ), 
  for every ten numbers the probability of getting a determined number ( x ) is 1/10 , if i get x number , the probability of getting two x numbers afterwards is 1/10 * 1/10 = 1/100 , if you want to get quads it 'll be 1/1000 , quints 1/10000 , etc, 
   how often do we find what we say is the polar opposite of what we actually want ? 
  this is actually a problem in social science , it 's stated preference vs revealed preference, 
   some colonies ( like syracuse ) were successful almost immediately , as a result of friendly ( initially ) natives ,, 
  who were the natives at the time ? 
  mesoamericans had crests made from quetzal feathers . 
  this one allegedly belonged to moctezuma ( though it is suspected that it actually belonged to one of his priests ) , and is currently a cause of dispute between the the austrian museum that owns it and the mexican government . 
  what do you mean by asiatic appearence ? 
  were n't they turkic people ? 
  rekated to the op , why is it that jews are n't wearing masks either ? 
  if i understand correctly an anulment means that the marriage contract is nullified , that is , it is treated as if it had never happened in the first place , so it does n't produce rights nor obligations, 
   i think there was an article somewhere on here awhile back saying the average girl has more sexual partners than the average guy in a lifetime ,,
