  you only need to reside in spain for three years if you 're latin american in order to receive spanish citizenship , i think he 's been in spain longer than that, 
  the spanish second division has more teams than the first division , on top of that the teams there have a play off for the third spot in the first division, 
  do n't you only have to move a lever ? 
  also , could n't you do it at a relatively low altitude and still fuck shit up ? 
  your mom is a woman, 
  how unbelievably uninteresting, 
  thanks this is precisely the answer i was looking for, 
  they probably ahve a way to deal with that , statisticians are n't idiots, 
  if we aspire to be a top tier team then we ca n't shy away from from tough games, 
  i hope they do n't lose the final this time ^ because ^ they 'll ^ be ^ out ^ in ^ the ^ round ^ of ^ 16, 
  yeah they looked great today against chile in the second half, 
  woah !, 
  some random stranger just met some other random stranger i had never heard about !, 
  fifa rankings are shit , yeah if you compare mexico against all teams that are members of fifa then yeah we are top tier , but to be honest i do n't think we 're at the same level as teams like germany or italy are yet . 
  he seems more like a an american fan, 
  yes , that 's the joke, 
  but we are n't your facebook friends , we simply do n't give a shit about you ( just like you do n't give a shit about us ), 
  the referee in this game is infamous in mexico for being very harsh, 
  i have yet to see feminists directly protest against a male-specific problem , e.g. 
  compulsory military service, 
  oh man i thought it was a parody !, 
  defeners are such a constant source of stupidity, 
  damn , you did show me , i stand corrected . 
  edit : i 'm not being sarcastic, 
  i dunno you can get some some 30 cent beers in spain , so he just needs 30 euros for that, 
  do n't you have to show one when getting your boarding pass ? 
  do n't take photos of yourself commiting crimes, 
  they are n't the same thing , a pyramid scheme works by paying early investors with money from later investors ( usually there 's no product involved ) , an mlm works by selling ( a shitty ) product to your friends so that they can sell it to other people , however both work in a similar way in that the first people to join profit from what later investors bring in . 
  yeah , i do n't think amazon affiliate links are bullshit or anything , but pushing mlm crap is so annoying . 
  ah i see my mistake, 
  do n't any of those need an id number ? 
  granted you are n't literally showing your id to someone but you do have to identify yourself somehow right ? 
  ( i 'm genuinely curious since i 'm not american and i 've always had to use some form of id ), 
   neither you can be in most of the world , this is exactly what i am talking about , you somehow seem to have the impression that you are so advanced in comparison to everyone else . 
  they are advanced , and my personal experience in mexico and your xountry tells me that you acn definitely be racist , very racist in public , or does using the word `` gitano '' as an insult not count as racism ? 
  oh wow he even reads sumerian history !, 
  something that may be interesting would be to see the correlation between iq score and the popularity of a major , i imagine more popular majors will have an iq score closer to the mean with more niche majors closer to the extremes, 
  no need to be rude , having some courtesy is n't the same as dating that person, 
   not like the us looked impressive by the standards you are judging belgium from . 
  yeah i do n't get why people are saying that the us played well , they did n't look too good in both the ghana and the germany games, 
  you did n't park the bus , but imo the us played played poorly irrespective of the end result, 
  mexico has lots of lebanese , famous ones include salma hayek and carlos slim, 
  it has been proven that refs in general favor local teams ( not just brazil ) , so sadly the circlejerk is n't entirely wrong, 
  puto is a gay slur and everyone denying it is being disingenuous , but puto is mostly not used as an anti-gay slur , therefore the controversy, 
  the time given was appropriate given that the game was stopped for the water breaks, 
  we 've gone out every single world cup since 1994 on the round of 16 , fucking hell, 
   brazilian commentators are calling it `` small team mentality '', 
  precisely , you do n't park the fucking bus against the best attackers in the world cup, 
  relly ? , well shit , now i 'm pissed , still mexico parked the bus too early, 
  to be fair most teams suffer just like us , for some they suffer for not qualifying to the world cup , for others it 's never winning a world cup , such is the nature of this sport, 
  chile was never leading, 
  i 've yet to meet a stoner ( meaning someone who smokes every day or at least several days a week ) that was n't a failure . 
  just like it did for mexico !, 
   i think a lot of the controversy over this game is going to revolve around the robben foul at the end, 
  it 's dumb for us to complain about that when the referee did n't signal a penalty for the netherlands at the end of the first half, 
  are there still emos around ? 
  i thought they disappeared like six years ago or something, 
  it can definitely have a metal taste, 
  i know that as an adult man i 'm not the target audience for them , but they really are terrible , not because they cater to a teenage girl audience , but because the acting , lines and plot are awful, 
  i think that the criticism of the graph is that it assumes that the compensation paid will be higher than what is perceived in tax revenues , and that somehow such compensation will be fully financed by the revenues . 
  basically the graph is saying that you can finance a compensation of x +1 dollars while only perceiving x dollars in revenue , which is patently absurd, 
  because it 's the name of a professional economist that would facepalm at the stupidity coming from the thread you posted on ? 
  it 's not that difficult to scroll up :, 
  also , anyone that understands the basic supply and demand model at least understands why setting up a price floor could be problematic ( this does n't mean that having a price floor is necessarily bad , but people in the circlebroke thread and the one linked here seem to not even understand that ) . 
  my bad , i thought you meant the thread we currently are at , but you 're still in the wrong ; the op talks about preventing a monopoly from appearing , [ and this comment makes an economic argument too ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/29e6yd/rworldnews_defends_amazon_and_fails_to_pass_the/cikdxcp ) . 
   taking books out of public view . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  are you claiming that amazon is literally decreasing the supply of books ? 
   there are pretty obvious problems with me sitting on my backside , alone in my house , clicking to buy stuff, 
  like ? 
   automating all industry is n't progress either . 
  progress is something subjective , i 'm not sure how you can make the assertion that something is n't progress, 
   if we accept that the book price has a minimum ( which it has by law ) , then offering anything ` free ' on top of that is a loophole that needs to be closed . 
  why ? 
  why should we ban a business from providing a cheaper service in benefit of consumers ? 
   but i feel that they have a bias for neoclassical economics, 
  no , the thread is `` biased '' in favor of standard economics , this is like looking at doctors criticising vaccine denial and saying that they have a bias for western medicine, 
   these firms will likely not see a great reduction in their revenue due to lost reputation because most of these firms do not sell directly to end-consumers . 
  this needs to be underscored , the defining caracteristic of a negative externality is that someone other than the consumer and producer is bearing some of the cost , so by definition you ca n't simply boycott them until they stop polluting . 
   i hope i phrased that in a way that makes sense . 
  you did actually , i believe in abolishing the minimal price , and i agree with the points you make . 
  i actually watched the movie ( it 's shit ) , but the premise of the movie is that letting people release their frustration for one day a year has brought a sort of utopia where unemployment is low , crime for the rest of the year is low , etc , so i do n't think that the movie is actually making dumb economic claims, 
  algerians can hardly complain , they did even worse shit in the last minutes of the game against russia, 
  nice try, 
  goal keepers can be a bit older than other players and still play competitively, 
  i understand liking all of these things , but as someone who does n't care about any of that why do you have the right to force me , and everyone else who thinks like me , to buy more expensive books to keep your hobby alive ? 
  surely if all those things are appreciated by a high percentage of people in the community then bookshops can be kept alive on their own . 
  well , utah was part of the spanish empire at some point . 
  do you know them ? 
  are they seriously straight guys kissing just to please some chick ? 
  that 's sum phat booty, 
  maybe she does but she understands that referencing tv shows is n't a substitute for being funny, 
  i think mexico-cameroon was worse, 
  limp biscuit, 
  here is a video of feminsts attacking churchgoers , even sexually assaulting some of them, 
   a youtube video of some women acting improperly is not going to disprove feminism . 
  sure , you ca n't disprove feminism , just like you ca n't disprove liberalism , or conservatism or anything like that because the meaning of the word is too broad , however i can definitely show that there are many many violent and downright insane feminist organizations and that 's why most people do n't want to be associated with them even when they share similar goals, 
  too late he already did it !, 
  they 're trying to vandalize a church and the men formed a human chain around it, 
  i think it was a pro-abortion protest , but i do n't know the full context,
