  the reddit lynchmob is ridiculous , yeah it 's a coincidence that there were two incidents with drones on public beaches but to assume that they are the same person is insane . 
  they probably want to prevent lynch mobs, 
  they broke into the house around 5am , so it 's not a daylight robbery, 
   i got asked ( over reddit ! ), 
  to do a modeling gig for some company, 
  edit nvm : just saw that they mentioned photos in the message, 
  those windmills are an iconic image of la mancha , i do n't think they were referencing don quijote . 
  if it works for her and the women the advice is intended for then good for them , but as a man i refuse to be somebody 's back-up option, 
   ( since other kinds of victims are generally not grilled on their behavior leading to the crime , like whether they wore expensive clothes or flashed their wallet around ), 
  yes , yes we do , for example , when someone leaves for vacation and wants to prevent someone from breaking into their homes we tell him to leave some lights on , have a neighboor pick up the mail , install an alarm , etc , this does n't mean that burglars are being justified nor that we live in a `` burglar culture '', 
  should preventive actions against rape be abandoned because many victims are subjected to unfair questioning ? 
  i ca n't really follow the logic, 
  `` if you do n't agree with me you 're a salty nher '', 
  so some suggestions of preventive action are given in improper context , again , should no suggestions of preventive action be done ? 
  why was miss nevada doing it in an improper context ? 
   will never have the physical attributes to be good rugby players even if they had learnt the game from a young age . 
  i disagree , plenty of football players could play in the back line . 
  out of curiosity , why did she hate her family so much ? 
   and production would halt . 
  this does n't logically follow from your previous premises , what logically follows is that increases in production would halt , not that production as a whole would stop , i.e. 
  capitalists will invest in new capital goods until positive returns stop , so if we were producing y quantity of goods we wo n't produce y +1 goods , but just because we stop investing in new capital it does n't mean that we will stop producing y with the capital we already had before . 
   the rates are arbitrarily high -- everyone needs to work to eat and everyone needs machinery to work -- until workers are receiving less than their full share of nutrients . 
  even a monopolist selling at a market with an inelastic demand ca n't sell at arbitrarily high prices ( unless demand is perfectly inelastic and the monopolist can completely shut down entry by others , but this is an unrealistic scenario ) , in your example there is a point at which workers simply wo n't pay the rent demanded and prefer not to use the machinery ( even if it means that they 'll die ) , so the capitalist will have to pay a subsistence wage . 
  with this in mind , the whole reasoning falls apart , since the situation is sustainable ( even though it 's highly unequal ) . 
   the question was about rape on college campuses -- the problem there is n't self-defense , it 's a culture that ignores consent . 
  `` party rape '' is the term coined by indiana university researchers . 
  it 's been proven that the most effective way to reduce rape in those situations is by teaching consent -- there 's a study by lisak and miller that addresses how that works . 
  this is fair enough , but while miss nevada could be criticized for suggesting a sub-optimal approach , i do n't see how what she said was mean or offenssive . 
  for example : if someone says that the best way to combat drug abuse is to ban drugs i 'm not going to be offended for disagreeing with that person , that suggested approach may be wrong in my view , but it 's not something that is being said in bad faith . 
   i never said it was offensive , either . 
  in fact , i did n't offer a viewpoint on miss nevada until you asked , i was trying to explain why `` learn self-defense '' ( in specific ) is offensive in the context of a broader conversation . 
  i try to be specific with my painting of things as sexist because you ca n't say `` all instances of x are sexist '' , it 's not possible to be correct . 
  my bad then !, 
   2 - immigrate the america and get easy welfare which he has not contributed to . 
  are there empirical works showing that a significant part of immigrants do this ? 
  like , do they colllect welfare benefits at a much higher rate than locals do ? 
  what a unique and quirky girl !, 
  she likes obscure indie movies that you 've probably never heard of !, 
  will they fall for it ? 
  hmmm you raise good points and i 'll give them some thought , i liked this comment chain too . 
  the superbowl is actually pretty popular in mexico , you could easily add a couple millions to that figure, 
  i think the ideal comparison would be against the champions league final ( yearly european football club tournament ), 
  i remember hearing that he was cheering for mexico at the 2010 world cup , remember that he has a mexican son in law and a mexican grand child, 
  my stomach instantly shrank when he scored that one, 
  those brazilians should get on our level and start naming their kids karolratzinger or anivdelarev, 
  he used to be a human being that was transformed into a pig after a gypsy laid a spell on him , now he has to escape the slaughterhouse , find his family and regain his life ! - starring rob schneider, 
   food aid is not , however , supposed to be economical for the donor countries . 
  i understand that , however could n't receiving countries treat it like a low cost import ? 
  you know , just like ricardian logic says they should treat products from a more cost effective country, 
  it is a foul if you 're interferring with the goalie in the small penalty box ( i do n't know how to translate `` area chica '' into english ) . 
  even then he 's being obstructive , you ahve to keep in mind that the gk is almost untouchable in that area, 
  mexico has relatively low alcohol consumption in comparison to other countries , as someone else pointed out , cirrhosis can also be caused by obesity, 
  people eat like shit in mexico , nothing to do with race, 
  that 's a pretty stupid list , it 's counting total number of obese people , not obese people as a percentage of population, 
  sick reference of a reference bro, 
  oh definitely , my point is that this list actually understates mexico 's obesity problem . 
  tecate you heathen, 
   and more importantly , what 's the criteria for changing a call ? 
  the croatian did lightly touch fred . 
  is that contact enough to not change the call ? 
  the referee is already making that call but without the advantage of reviewing , why would him having access to a replay hinder his performance ? 
  it 's been reposted relentlessly for the last few days too, 
  atl\u00e9tico is very interested in him if courtois leaves for chelsea, 
   `` shecky moskowitz ( sandler ) is a struggling comedian working on a cruise ship . 
  shecky gets his chance to be the ship 's comedian when it is thought that the regular comedian , dickie diamond ( larose ) , had fallen overboard and drowned . 
  ( dickie actually locked himself in the men 's room ) shecky is nervous about performing , but king neptune ( zane ) convinces him to go for the opportunity by telling shecky about the power of laughter . 
  shecky 's first performance is very unsuccessful as he is booed off the stage , he is especially heckled by the construction worker dave ( thornton ) . 
  however , after a lecture by milton berle , shecky succeeds in making the audience laugh . 
  ok so far so good , just a run of the mill shitty movie, 
   at that point , the terrorists come onboard and want to kill miss australia . 
  shecky , remembering the advice about the power of laughter , saves her by promising to put the assassins in a film . '', 
  you knew that but you did n't say it so it does n't count !, 
  i do n't see drama , i only see you getting butthurt because people did n't like your submission . 
   if he does n't , i gently remind him that prophet muhammad ( pbuh ) in his hadiths said that prayer should be quiet as it is humble submission to god . 
  but if he does n't scream and amke a show of praying then how will people know that he is such a pious and religious man ? 
  if anything the odds of a tie are higher than the other two results , given that all matches start with a 0-0 score, 
  cholo pls bring us keylor navas pls, 
  if he has already seen honest pictures of you and still wants to hang out then i do n't think you should worry all that much, 
  does n't seem like a red to me , it looks like he is trying to fend him off but is too tall for the tackler, 
  why is op sharing this with us ? 
  does she have any friends ? 
  `` wahh wahh how dare you call me a dick after calling people fucktards '', 
  could be translated as as mexico fuck yeah, 
  i think ghana played well in the second half . 
  to be fair plenty of countries were conquered by other nations that then became part of the ruling class of the conquered nation , for example , see the visigoths in spain and the normans in sicily and england, 
  lol butthurt, 
  mexican tv sometimes puts ads during the game , it 's really really annoying, 
  australia still ahs a chance of passing if spain beats chile today , australia beats spain and the netherlands beat chile , extremely tough but they are n't out yet, 
  hehe you made me spit cereal in lieu of my keyboard, 
  i think puto means something like child in portuguese , but do n't quote me on that, 
  my great grandparent 's neighbor 's pet rock comes from cork county, 
   so they 're sort of like the tea party idiots here , but with more ties to domestic terrorism ? 
  as much as i dislike the tea party it 's ridicuouls to compare it to a terrorist organization, 
  this is precisely my problem , i 'm pretty fast but i 'm forced to play as a lock because everyone in spain is a midget, 
  i genuinely like seeing reddit use that meme , maybe that way / tv / will finally get tired of it, 
  faints are legal and probably more disadvantageous for the one taking it , see : benfica vs sevilla europa league penalty shoot out, 
  it will be a 20 year difference m8 , there was a 16 year difference between the mexican world cups, 
  you do n't get it , pop culture references are hilarious, 
  face , the dick only influences sex , the face influences many aspects of your life , and from my experience it 's a pain in the ass not being able to fit a condom, 
  edit : ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ),
