  for the record i 'm a non-american so i honestly do n't have an ax to grind, 
  goddamnit / r/politics hate for romney is getting to ridiculous levels , you may not like his ideas , but come on !, 
  in what way is he shady ? 
  has he given trillions of dollars to bankers just like * you know who * ? 
  and what the hell do canadians know about american politics ? 
  what the hell makes them qualified to judge this sortf of stuff ? 
  honestly i think prayer can help in a therapeutic way , it 's mentally soothing and can certainly help one deal with the death of a loved one, 
  well he gave people in his state good healthcare , also , could it be that people in mass. 
  are simply disenfranchised with the gop and not romney ? 
  i dunno just seems vulgar to me, 
  add fat people to that, 
  well you could disarm them with facts such as black people having the same iq as white people or the great , clean and civilized societies that can be found in africa or the thriving communities of minorities in advanced countries , yeah , that 'll show them !, 
  honestly i think that people who do n't do any social networking must have something wrong with them , despite what the circlejerk will tell you , social isolation is not ok, 
  i like it man , though it may go against the hivemind , i think a fedora could add a touch of class to your outfit, 
  use a fucking bidet you plebeian , especially fi you have a hairy butthole, 
  smear them with green paint and spank them like disobedient avocados, 
  phase, 
  wow !, 
  guys and we 're totally not reinforcing heteronormative privilege by using the word faggot because , guess what ? 
  it 's a joke !, 
  right guys ? 
  right ? 
  seriously i would have thought that a space dedicated to fashion would be more open minded, 
  it 's a haven for people who are fed up with reddit bigotry , redditors hate it because it points out how they are a bunch of racist misogynists . 
  i know i 'm going to get downvoted because privileged people do n't like haviung their privilege criticized, 
  i downvoted you for making fun of a serious and legitimate topic, 
  that 's pretty much the reason my femalebodyinspector shirt failed to fool anyone, 
   it 's because he 's figured out that he ca n't push around women his own age , so he 's busy preying on younger women who are n't self aware enough to realize they 're being used and taken advantage of . 
  right that 's the only reason a man would prefer to date 22 year old women over women in their thirties ... 
  god damnit i can imagine something silly happening at a family event or dinner , maybe you dropped something or said something dumb , and the the whole family says in a chorus : bazinga !, 
  with huge grins on their faces, 
  then who was phone ? 
  how do you know ? 
  have you ever been not-asian ? 
  i think that clubs do discriminate , at least absed on sex , due to pragmatical reasons , basically a club that 's a sausage fest is n't attractive to people, 
  he would probably tell you how all the `` retserof_mada `` s he 's met were sluts, 
  que pose tan sensual !, 
  seriously ? 
  i hope they do n't color the game like a modern military shooter, 
  pffff flaming pigs are where it 's at, 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  sounds like speculation, 
  i come from a catholic culture and went through the typical rituals and religious classes that a catholic does , i have never heard of such rule . 
  but is n't this more of a case of the meaning of the word changing ( much like stupid went from being a legitimate term for the mentally retarded to being an insult ) ? 
  or do you mean that actual bullying was socially acceptable ? 
   the current wording provides that people born in northern ireland are entitled to be irish citizens on the same basis as people from any other part of the island of ireland . 
  i think you are overweight , you should gead over to / r/fitness and read the sidebar in order to learn how to lose weight in a healthy way ( starving yourself and running like crazy is n't the proper way to do it ) , that said you have a very cute face, 
  do n't take one guy 's opinion as the opinion of all men , personally i like women with platinum blonde hair ( tbh i like all hair colors as long as they are n't dyed ), 
  it has nothing to do with easiness ( you think you can approach a girl that looks [ like this ] ( https://www.google.es/search?q=jenny+poussin&amp;sugexp=chrome,mod%3d3&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=ywuduptui4rnhaem-ocgdw&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667&amp;sei=y2uduklbjqgh0awryydgag ) and easily take her home ? ), 
  plenty of us like women with big tits and blond hair , beacuse well , we just do, 
  strangely enough i do fantasize about that when i 'm either watching porn or masturbating , but i do n't ever look at a woman and think `` hmmm i would like her to tie me down and fuck me '' , it 's like , i ca n't relate that fantasy to real life women and i 'm actually very turned off by the dominant women i meet, 
  yeah , all these screenshot seem `` call of duty '' - colored, 
   with bear spray, 
  i have no opinion regarding this guy , but this sounds irresponsible, 
  who 's a little genocidal maniac ? 
  you are !, 
  you are !, 
  what about decaf-meta-molusc-sexuals you privileged piece of shit ? 
  i remember having a discussion with a srster in which she tried telling me why joking about genocide is ok but not joking about rape, 
  yeah , i find it annoying when people , of any gender , just post pointless photos of themselves that are only tangentially related to the topic, 
  does telling obvious white lies out of pity in order to make yourself seem compassionate count as being nice ? 
  it 's partly a mockery of srs/social justice types , but yeah there doesn seems to be a serious side to their complaints, 
  extremely confusing , it 's not just that it does n't hold your hand ( which is good ) it 's that it jumps off from scene to scene with zero context , in one scene you see a guy being killed , in the next scene you see him teaching children with zero explanation as to what the fuck is going on , it 's like the director went out of his way to make the movie difficult to understand, 
  i did n't know cancer existed until i found this thread , we should raise awareness to the pressing issue of people not being aware that they have to be aware of awareness, 
   you do n't really even know anything about the situation ,, 
  well take your own advice you mongoloid, 
  amusingly enough cunt is also my favorite word , along with muppet, 
  it 's like an / r/bestof for offensive jokes, 
  if i forcibly grab a woman and do n't let her go , is it excessive force if she slaps me or tries to fight me off ? 
   maybe there is a demand for some music programming . 
  well i would assume that mtv 's marketing department knows more than us about is and what is n't in demand . 
   as the `` mtv exec '' said , it 's been a complaint for more than a decade . 
  people do n't really know what they want , or at least have unrealistic expectations . 
  i sympathize with you , i absolutely loved the history channel before it became the hitler channel , and then the ancientaliensandrealityshowsshowingdudesdrivingtrucks channel , but i simply have to deal with the fact that private companies that depend on profits will show whatever sells the best . 
  i think that 's actually smart , this way break does n't need to host the content in their servers, 
  except that op did n't treat her like a slut , he is asking for advice about soemthing that makes him insecure , and you 're coming here , to a place specifically dedicated to get advice from the standpoint of men , and calling him an asshole for that . 
  this is as if i went to r/askwomen and started calling a woman a bitch and a cunt after she asks for advice on why she feels insecure about her bf . 
  damn trains simulator 2013 must be pretty hardcore then, 
  yes if he had stayed home and done fuck all he would have become successful anyways, 
  if you really are you should do an ama , would be interesting, 
   see gail dines blog for my citations . 
  how about you cite the statistics directly instead of making us do your work for you ? 
  that 's why i said `` if you really are '' , reddit is a website with millions of users , i would n't be surprised if we had a few people from congo ( there are plenty of congolese immigrants in france , he could be one of those ), 
  oh you magnificent bastard !, 
  i spilled my microbrew all over my newegg keyboard, 
  god damnit i tried and i tried , i defended mitt romney i defended christianity , but i never got below 30 downvotes , i take my fedora off for you you magnificent bastard, 
  tbh saying that according to yourself you 're a blast is like saying that you 're rad because your grandma said so, 
  this has to be something from anglo-saxon culture , i 've never been seen suspiciously for interacting with children ( i 'm mexican and live in spain ), 
  slavery was already illegal in mexico no need to add britain to the mix, 
  this is interesting , is this based on empirical data or is it conjecture ? 
  do n't worry you magnificent bastard !, 
  i 've le got you here , have all of my upvotes !, 
  what if pgoetz is a jewish agent trying to discredit all the brave and rational people who believe that jews control everything from aids to the fantasy football scores , ever thought of that ? 
   emmanuel goldstein was a real person . 
  was n't his existence supposed to be ambiguous ? 
  yeah usually you get a bunch of whiteknights rushing to efend the damsel in distress , not this time !, 
  we knew that all along, 
  hey reddit i want to talk about something that happened to me but apparently i need to frame it as a question , what other times have you used an extremely specific question in order to bypass the restrictions of this sub reddit ? 
  i read it as `` as a normal horse fucker , fuck you '', 
  i think that you can empathize with her , however the airline still should n't have let her board , it does n't matter if she is frantic because of stress or because she 's just crazy , either way she 's a danger to ahve on board,
