  i 'm not too well versed in the rules of the sport , but could n't the defending team commit a foul that would make the game end ? 
  say trying to get the ball from the ruck from the sides or commiting a shoulder charge ? 
  ca n't you say the same about italy ? 
  the kingdom only appeared until the second half of the nintieth century, 
   yet , for some reason , everybody is an expert when it comes to the economy . 
  i think that 's because the economy affects us all in obvious ways , developments in physics , while important , are n't that present in our daily lives so people do n't feel a need to comment on that , however look at what 's happened to climate science and medicine , since both affect us in daily life people have started dismissing the experts in favour of their own dumb opinions e.g. 
  global warming denial and vaccines causing autism . 
  nice , imagine next day the smell of dried up vaginal fluids staining his goatee, 
  yeah , an anti-scientology protest , the whole photo is hilarious, 
   so people are unwilling to do other jobs, 
  just increase your labor supply ( e.g. 
  immigration ) , i somehow doubt china has a lack of that ... 
  why are rape jokes this ultimate taboo in comedy ? 
  apparently you can joke about suicide , murder and genocide ( and i 've seen sjw joke and make light of all of this ) but rape is just too much, 
  i 'm not defending him you silly goose, 
  same in mexico , i actually do n't know why they do n't have them , seems like it 's a bigger pain in the ass taking them off than leaving them, 
  oh boo hoo somebody does n't like your cheesy stories, 
  joke tattoos are so dumb , i imagine the joke can be funny for like one week and then you 're just stuck with an old joke branded on you for life, 
   crime-devastated wasteland . 
  most major cities in mexico are safer than detroit , in fact , many major cities ( even the evry violent ones ) in mexico are safer than places like dc , atlanta or oakland, 
  i did n't say all of them were , you silly goose, 
  i had better numbers and city by city comparisons , but you can see that places like dc still are more violent that many mexican states, 
  how does marriage law work in the us ? 
  in spain and mexico ( and i imagine other countries with civil law codes ) you can choose two modalities of marriage ( joint or split assets ) and no judge can dismiss that , in fact , in some places split assets are the default . 
   if he had just bought bitcoins with the money , he would have made about $ 250,000, 
  if he had bought call options on google stock 15 years ago he could be a billionaire now ! , if he had shorted gold at its peak he could be a millionaire now !, 
  if he had shorted the british pound in 1992 he could have a billlion in the bank now ! , in hindsight anyone can be a millionaire with basically any trade , the test of bitcoiner 's gullibility is n't whether some of them made money or not , it 's whether the average bitcoiner is making money , which is something i doubt given that since bitcoins pay not interest nor dividends all profits made with it come at the expense of someone else losing . 
   all the arguments like this against bitcoin could be applied equally to the idea of `` dollars '' . 
  are people getting mortgages on their houses in order to get more dollars in thehope that they will increase their value in the future ? 
  way to miss the point , are they doing it to invest in dollars with the hope that they will increase in value just like bitcoiners are doing ? 
  wait i misread your argument , i thought you were saying they were the same if you compared them as investments , my bad . 
  well done m8 , just like warphalange, 
  i tagged him and was so happy to see him today, 
  they 're too stupid to understand why anyone would do anything if not for karma, 
  do a reddit search for the story , it was hilarious , he still gets shit today, 
  visit one in mexico ? 
  i 'm mexican and i 've been in places like michoac\u00e1n , jalisco and mexico city many times . 
  both were relatively poor countries during the 19th and early 20th century , both are catholic countries , both are countries with regional divisions , etc. 
  i do n't think it 's the same situation , the op of that post was trying to prove the point that shitty sob stories get upvoted regardless of being shitposts, 
  michoacan and jalisco are fairly dangerous ( and they are n't cities ) outside of the capital ( i 've visited rural areas there ) , i 've also been to zacatecas ( including the mountains ), 
  do n't forget the multiple millions and the adoration of his country, 
  what 's so unbelievable about a mexican citizen having visited mexican towns ? 
  i dunno , i do n't see anyone in this sub getting butthurt , we 're enjoying the popcorn, 
  i dislike how people argue about schools of economics as if they were political leanings like `` right wing '' or `` left wing '', 
   if you care about preserving some culture then you might have to sacrifice some competitive edge . 
  but if most people think like this then the bookstores can survive on their own without needing government intervention, 
  why do we dislike monopolies ? 
  because they set high prices right ? 
  so we are going to force companies to sell at high prices so that they ca n't sell to us at high prices !, 
  do you have evidence that there 's a market failure ( e.g. 
  externalities , natural monopoly , etc ) that justifies government intervention ? 
  only 90 's war criminals will get this, 
  jeje we tell the same joke in mexico, 
  brazil is n't really hated , neither is argentina , we just make fun of them because they 're obsessed with being white, 
  i was talking about argentina . 
   the world could burn and some people would n't think government intervention is `` justified '' . 
  well i 'm not one of them , i 'm asking for evidence that there 's a hidden social benefit or cost that justifies forcing people to pay more for books in order to help small bookstores . 
  serious question : how exactly does making messi more marketable make more money for fifa ? 
  moreover , does giving him that award make much of a difference towards his fame ? 
  the problem is that he 'll get tons of publicity so the fine probably wo n't do much, 
  damn i botched the title, 
  i 'm sure these people would be willling to use the same argument against abortion !, 
  after all , preganncy is also a consequence of sex !, 
  but that one 's cold, 
  and the scoring goals with hands , and the making shitheaded comments, 
  same happened to me , the guy went through a bunch of different threads i opened to insult me , some people take internet arguments arther seriously, 
  tu que creciste en eso , en tu opinion que causa que un chavo decida dedicarse a ese pedo ? 
  he looks like a brazilian favela drug lord, 
  i 've always thought this , it 's an arbitrary grouping of countries , why not put peru or south korea there ? 
  or indonesia and nigeria ? 
  btw those last charts are rather stupid , there 's no point in drawing a line to join the points in the graphs since the pattern does n't tell you anything . 
  this was pointed out to the guy in the comments , his only response is just `` you 're a dumbass lol '', 
  does this contradict the assertion that he is not a dumbass ? 
  i think it reinforces it, 
   i dig olivia wilde and scarlet johansson , but if either of those women started identifying as a man then i would n't . 
  if they started identifying as men , but kept acting just the way they act , and kept looking just the way they look , you would stop being attracted to them ? 
   i was n't aware that was such a mind-blowing concept that a lesbian is n't into men . 
  it 's not at al mind blowing , i just ca n't wrap my head around what you define as being a man ( notice that i used the word `` what '' and not `` who '' , i understand who you define as being men ) . 
   a person who identifies as a man is a man . 
  a person who identifies as a woman is a woman . 
  it 's fairly simple . 
  i do n't think you understood what i asked , e.g. 
  if i say i identify as a mexican , it means i identify with a certain culture ( some shared ideas , food , traditions , etc ) , if someone says that they identify with a given gender what exactly does it mean ? 
  that that person identifies with a certain dress code ? 
  certain mannerisms ? 
  certain genitals ? 
  certain attitudes ? 
  if there are n't physical , nor social characteristics that make up what a gender is , then what is the point of even making a distinction between genders ? 
  if i can have a penis and testicles , and a deep voice ( and no desire to change any of that ) and stereotypically male hobbies and interests and still be just as much of a woman as someone with a vagina and ovaries , and stereotypical female behaviour then what 's the point of even making a distinction between what a man and a woman are ? 
  what if paris hilton sees you in the street and recognizes that you are wearing her clothes ? 
  why ca n't london do what paris did and just have a separate business district from the center of the city ? 
  ca n't they just ban new skyscrapers there and send eeryone else to canary wharf ? 
  il s ` agit d'un `` novelty account '' ? 
  i was reading his comments and i came to the same conclusion , if this guy believes that the only way to growth is through natural resources then it 's obvious he 's never heard of the solow growth model . 
   i do n't like how some in rugby are always comparing our sport to soccer . 
  it smacks of being the little brother . 
  rugby has alot to offer and we do n't need to tear down other sports to try and make ours look better . 
  i completely agree with this , i play rugby because it 's fun , not to show everyone how touugh or manly i am . 
   if rugby fans hate football so much why are they always talking about it ? 
  because then how else will they prove everyone how manly they are for playing the sport ?
