   then why does the stock exchange charge so much for entry ? 
  because having people audit your accounts and keep you in check costs money ? 
  you are arguing about a topic you do n't understand , and it 's frankly getting tiresome , so i 'll bail . 
  por ? 
   ... terribly abusive gf ... stopped taking her birth control ... she 's really fat to begin with ... 
  she sounds like a keeper, 
   michael bay is a dude , right ? 
  yes , and he also enjoys making money , so he does n't show tits in order to make the film available to a wider audience, 
   atm machine . 
  got a link for that ? 
  yep , and if he has muscles he is compensating , and if he has a nice car he is also compensating, 
  that 's precisely the point i was making, 
  i mean , have you got any evidence of them doing that ? 
  no , please do n't, 
   ninja were ex-samurai, 
  why would samurais become ninjas ? 
  were they deserters ? 
  you must love / r/politics, 
  when did the french begin to be seen as cowards ? 
   in the us this was exacerbated by the french not wanting to invade iraq and afghanistan immediately . 
  so there were cultural depictions of the french as cowards before these two wars ? 
  ( the french did actually invade afghanistan though ), 
  chaffed penis ? 
  torrentfreak : breaking news - pirating * anything * increases profits for companies, 
   it looks like arable land will be the limiting factor to support the worlds population . 
  what about hydroponic agriculture ? 
  edit : i can conclude , then , that we are n't currently overpopulated , right ? 
  i go there to find funny shit tbh, 
  i googled the word `` chaffed '' and i see it means `` to tease '' , no wonder my spellcheck did n't catch it, 
   but she was in love with timmy, 
  so she was a pedo ? 
  why is this facetious threat more socially acceptable than mrturkle 's ? 
  why is it wrong of him to trivialize violence but not of you ? 
  nohomo , right ? 
  looks amazing, 
  no mames , pinche sindrome de estocolmo, 
  but has n't malthus been completely discredited ? 
  in the end , technological progress and production is n't linear, 
  perfect , thank you, 
  [ proof ], 
  you should hire this guy : http://www.reddit.com/user/mroglolblo, 
   i 've been with the occasional whale or dog, 
  this . . this is a metaphor right ? 
  do you have any proof ? 
  do you have a news article about it ? 
  thanks, 
  how rude are the french visitors ? 
  any kid you hated ? 
  any kid that made you d'aww ? 
  grossest story ? 
  funniest story ? 
  chingon rel software de la encuesta , es paint 2003 ? 
   when i was in wdw as a cast member in december 2005 a guy died in the it 's a small world ride . 
  how did he die ? 
  no , not only because hormones , if you grew as a male you have the height and bone thickness of a male . 
   trans females are just more likely to be in that olympic tier ,, 
  i think you 're using a euphemism to simply say that yes they will have an advantage, 
   but they 're not going to have any significant advantage over their olympic cohort . 
  in certain sports body frame is very important ( basketball , volleyball , etc ), 
  the fact that we ca n't clearly say that they have an advantage or disadvantage means that we ca n't know for sure if competitors are coming from an equal opportunity perspective, 
   height is important in basketball , but i do n't see how it 's justification for banning females from female events if they are trans and thus as a group have a statistical average height greater than total female average . 
  it 's a justification because as trans women they 've received the advantages men have in the sport , your argument seems to boil down to `` they 're women who happen to be taller than other women '' , and it 's simply not true , while trans women may be mentally or socially women they are n't physically women . 
   this does n't mean trans women have an advantage , it just means trans people will be on an even playing field but will be more likely to end up in the olympics ( in a just world ) . 
  absolutely not , the fact that ( by your own admission ) they have a larger probability of being up to olympic standards means that they have an advantage , if they did n't then they would be as equally likely to be in the olympics as cis women, 
  the point of having female only events is to allow women to compete on an even field , if we have a demographic that is n't biologically female and has an advantage over other women , then letting them compete would defeat the whole purpose of having female only events . 
   if you say height but then say we should n't consider them as women who happen to be taller than other women you 're not being logical . 
  then why not use the same logic for trans women who have n't undergone hormone therapy ? 
  that is `` they are just women with higher production of testosterone '', 
  my original point referred to height , however i also believe that up to a certain point muscle gained before transitioning does n't completely disappear ( e.g. 
  steroid users do n't immediately lose their muscles when they stop taking them ), 
  martial arts and weightlifting events already have classes , however , the rest of events do n't . 
  is this based on an actual computation of the probability of that ? 
   do you think trans men should compete as women and trans women as men ? 
  i have n't made up my mind, 
   or do you think trans people should just be banned from sport ? 
  perhaps on an amateur level where you really are n't competing for much no , when it comes to olympic games or professional sports , yes . 
  this sounds like a rather simplistic approach to social policies , are you basing your post on empirical evidence or are you just arguing from emotion ? 
  cheer up !, 
  i was born with some sort of ball protruding from my head , but now i have a totally normal head, 
  i think it was some sort of liquid, 
  now that was a rude thing to say young man, 
   downvotes , really ? 
  was this offensive to you ? 
  i liked your comment , but i have a personal policy of downvoting anyone who bitches about getting downvoted, 
  i admire hannibal too , and also cato, 
  yes yes , i love him too, 
   rape filled death matches . 
  now that was a slight overstatement ... 
  a shitty blog with a sensationalized title quoting a lunatic like the former prime minister of malaysia , take it to / r/politics, 
  yes i feel the same way about men in straight porn, 
  matar el oso a pu\u00f1aladas ( stab a bear to death ), 
  it 's our only choice ... 
  go to a community college before transfering to a university , i 'm not american but even i know that, 
   i find americans seem to be overtly plastic friendly, 
  i ca n't stand this shit , i would much rather have to bear the bluntness of a spaniard or a french over the fake niceness of an american, 
  there 's not really that much you can mess when saying `` merci '', 
  what 's wrong with spain ? 
  i 've been living here as a foreigner and i 've been treated great, 
  a girl from my highschool drove over one kid while riding with his dad in a motorcycle , sad thing was that it was the second kind of his to die that way, 
  personally i find promiscuity an absolute turn off , and if a girl told me she had lost her virginity that way i would n't feel inclined to date her ** even though i know i have no rational reason to do so **,
