  did a signifiacnt part of these young angry people vote for abbott in the first place ? 
  if not , then what exactly does he have to lose ? 
  also , young people vote less than older people . 
  i 'm an actual undergrad in economics and what he posted is right , we are n't taught that growth = welfare , the moment i was taught what gdp was , i was warned about its limits , moreover , we also studied alternative measures of welfare ( like the human development index ) . 
  i 'm mexican and i 've never heard of this , according to my dad ( an architect ) it 's because people are planning on expanding their homes ( i 've personally seen many houses that have built an extra floor after a few years ) . 
  i completely disagree , the passive approach does n't work for men . 
  yes , a man that is desperate and needy wo n't get much , but a man that actively pursues women will have far more success than a passive man . 
  it does n't , for economic illiterates keynsian = leftist . 
  yo creo que dolares , un salario de 25 mil pesos es normal, 
  gdp is calculated using a given country 's currency ( say argentinean pesos ) , then , for international comparisons it will be expressed in another currency ( typically dollars or euros ) , in order to make that comparison you need to use the market exchange rate between pesos and dollars . 
  if you 're calculating ppp-adjusted gdp you 're going to calculate gdp using the ppp implied exchange rate that / u/moskau50 explained, 
   i will say cameron is fairly astute . 
  he knows the behavioral literature fairly well ( even has a pretty insightful behavioral economics ted talk , oddly enough ) . 
  maybe as is a bridge too far . 
  i think he studied philosophy , politics and economics at oxford , so he probably knows a decent amount of economics . 
  atl\u00e9tico is far from being a small team though , it 's the third richesta nd most popular , it 's just that they 've had some rough years . 
  i said some , not a couple, 
  a guy at my school would run to the line , wait for a defender to come and then bounce the ball off the defender to make it an own-goal, 
  it 's an ad for life vests , of course it will be dramatic, 
  does the opposite happen for rugby league , with the north being the dominant one ? 
  the more automated the economy becomes , the cheaper its products will be , the higher the real wages of those employed will be , the more opportunities for alternative jobs will open up . 
  for example , do you guys think that 30 years ago someone would have been paid money to play videogames on camera ? 
  there are countless examples of new types of jobs opening up because the opportunity cost of doing them ( i.e. 
  the production of other goods that we forgo ) has gone down . 
  i was making my argument under the assumption that nominal wages stayed the same , but the same analysis can be done maintaining prices while increasing nominal wages ( along with real wages ) , that is , no deflation . 
  why are the hated so much ? 
  wtf ? 
  they randomly contacted a company after their kid got into an accident to get free shit ? 
  the fuck is that pink thing in the penultimate image ? 
  serious question : are there studies comparing autism rates for vaccinated and non vaccinated children ? 
  off topic , but i fucking hate that song , it 's everywhere on youtube, 
  / r/thankspe \u00f1anieto, 
  it 's the same as what i 've been thinking lately : economics is like professional sports in that everyone thinks they know better than the coach . 
  no , puto means fag, 
  puta = whore ( hijo de puta , son of a bitch ) , puto = fag, 
  maybe they like socializing at the pool ? 
  or want to have their kids playing in the pool while they watch them from the hot tub ? 
  does n't youtube give the ad revenue to the original uploader ? 
  if i saw this in an action movie i would think it would be too absurd ... 
  ah i see , i just remembered reading that youtube could identify a re uploaded video and then give the ad revenue to the original uploader regardless of whether it was reposted . 
  youtube can already recognize copyrighted material ( and i doubt it 's that easy to fool the detection software ) , i do n't see how it 's far fetched, 
  i 'm not a redpiller or an mra , but why exactly is this guy being called one ? 
  i read some parts of his manifesto and he never once mentions anything about men 's rights activism or puas , he just seems like a narcissistic asshole . 
  i still think that 's an unfair criticism ( not that mras and redpillers are a sane crowd ) , would you blame islam for some nutcase that killed in its name ? 
  would you attack left wing ideology for all the terrorist attacks performed by leftist organizations ? 
  is someone like [ valerie solanas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valerie_solanas ) a fair representation of feminism ? 
  i definitely agree with your first paragraph , whenever there 's a tragedy people start pushing their ideologies while the corpses are still warm . 
  about your second paragraph i think that the catalyst has more to do with societal expectations of sexuality ( if you do n't have sex you 're worthless ) mixed with his own narcissism rather than a specific ideology . 
  either beer or gin and tonic, 
  why not try a new hobby or sport ? 
  rugby , in particular , is great for fun and socializing . 
  * tips trilby and disappears into the night *, 
  but that 's how i spelled it !, 
  well , if you use a bayesian approach it does mean that using illegal drugs makes it more likely that you have a high iq, 
  ugh those personality tests are like horoscopes for pseudointellectuals, 
  this is a really great example , in my head i was thinking of just two levels of intelligence ( smart and dumb ) , but this is better . 
  i agree it 's annoying , but to be fair for all she knows her son is about to shoot someone , ca n't blame her for freaking out . 
  maybe she 's aware of the gun and saw him move towards the car ? 
  metal albums about dragons, 
   borderline libertarians, 
  libertarians seem exactly the opposite of people who would be mad at rich people, 
  are garage inventors and science fair competitors the driving force of engineering and scientifical achievements ? 
  or are corporate r&d departments and universities those drivers instead ? 
  what is it with the word `` nazis '' that compells people to add an apostrophe before the s ? 
  like , i see it happen all the time with this word in particular, 
  oh man it 's always terrible when a young guy dies like that, 
  there 's nothing interesting about this photo , just neil de grasse tyson sitting in the metro, 
  i can already feel the sciency waves washing me over, 
  stolen from marca 's comment section :, 
  `` m\u00e9s que un club , un puticlub '', 
  agreed , i 'm pretty far from being an sjw or a feminist , but it 's pathetic how redditors are obsessed about sexualizing anything involving women , they act like convicts that have n't seen a woman in years . 
  the hair is used for making wigs for women undergoing chemotherapy, 
  but op has no friends, 
  since when do europeans not play drinking games ? 
  they 're fun ... 
  yeah the banana was great when you were leading, 
  my cousin 's wife had a miscarriage , but one year later she got pregnant and birthed two healthy babies , good luck !, 
  what is `` point scoring '' even supposed to mean ? 
  that you are playing the game properly ? 
  yeah , that seemed like awful , awful advice . 
   i assume that you are saying , `` oh , we 're better off than rural chinese , so there is no reason to make things better for our poor '', 
  he si n't saying that at all , he is saying that our definition of what means to be poor is constantly changing . 
  the point is that as countries go from being poor ( like china ) to being rich ( like the us ) the standard for what they define as being poor changes . 
   and jack daniel 's barbeque sauce . 
  nice choice of drink, 
  do n't forget the millions of euros and the adoration of an entire country , poor poor piqu\u00e9, 
  what 's so bad about it ? 
  i thought it was actually pretty good, 
  the fans are opposition fans singing anti-barcelona and anti-catalonia songs , i do n't see why it 's controversial to not want to hear them . 
  or alcorc\u00f3n ... 
  yes , just because someone is so obese that they ca n't walk it does n't mean that they are not perfectly healthy . 
   over exaggerating greatly, 
  ahh i see you work at the redundancy department of redundancy too, 
   they lost ,, 
  they did n't , that match finished 2-2, 
  luis montes , a player that broke his leg in a friendly against ecuador last week just minutes after scoring a great goal . 
  i have no idea what you mean , atl\u00e9tico went on to win la liga and real finished third . 
  i 'm curious , how insufferable were the english after they won the 2003 rugby world cup ? 
  i know it 's not as popular as football , but it 's still pretty big . 
  jesus , terrible defending by the us on the first try,
