i think that people who end their sentences with lol are retards , lol, 
  same here, 
  ron paul atheism carl sagan nerdy girls old school videogames dumb christians pictures of cats, 
  to the top !, 
  i 'm studying economics , are there any jobs at google for people with my degree ? 
  looks like those gel balls for watering plants, 
  this sounds awfully cheesy, 
  when has srs not gone full retard ? 
  good advice alex, 
  practice practice practice, 
  for example : i greatly improved my english by simply using the internet a lot , i have n't consciously studied in english in years . 
  why did you expect me to blindly believe the word of a bunch of primitive misogynists , child rapists and scumbags in general instead of simply revealing your presence in a clear way ? 
  it will probably embarrass him more than help him, 
  i think it 's actually the opposite , iirc some competitive players , at least in other games , keep their graphics at the very lowest, 
  thanks !, 
  maybe vibrators have desensitized you ? 
  starting to smoke , getting drunk , skipping school, 
  huh ? 
  i 'm surprised you can function as an adult if you ca n't deal with people being rude on the internet, 
  i was saying it on the assumption that the god in question would be one from a religion scolding me for not having had one . 
  where do you live that kids and marriage are a common thing at such a young age ? 
  there 's always a catch !, 
  you see , like the `` haters '' , the man , or the illuminati the patriarchy is that vague , catch-all scape goat upon which you can blame all your problems . 
  cool someone has a photo of my jewfro !, 
  please do !, 
  yeah i usually have a buzzcut , but i was trying to see if i could get new ideas, 
  i 'm a latin american in spain , i 've never felt any hostility here, 
  it means that adversity that does n't defeat you makes you stronger , character wise , you would have to be autistic to take the quote literally . 
  well what 's so bad about disinterest ? 
  they have no interest in it for the same reason you have no interest about someone from a neighboring state i.e. 
  they deal with plenty of latin americans daily , nothing exotic about him , unlike you . 
  there are certainly more latin americans in spain that americans , ecuadorians and colombians make up a huge percent of spanish population , it 's like a mexican in california wondering why he is n't exotic, 
  imagine all of the massive dog dumps on the ground !, 
  he 's usually on reddit europe, 
  who called me ? 
  are there any hateful posts from which we need to protect any srs lurkers ? 
  when men are underrepresented at something it is n't discrimination because men hold all the power in society , how do we know men hold all the power in society ? 
  because men are overrepresented at many things , and when men are underrepresented at something it is n't discrimination because men hold all the power in society , how do we know men hold all the power in society ? 
  because men are overrepresented at many things , and when men are underrepresented at something it is n't discrimination because men hold all the power in society, 
  pendejo is n't used in spain , and it means idiot in mexico , not asshole . 
  i agree !, 
   is treated as a criminal, 
  no they are n't , most people in those countries are football fans , including the police . 
   it 's not discrimination keeping men from college . 
   what needs to be done is to identify why ... 
  why do you say that it 's not discrimination what 's keeping men out from college while , by your own admission , we have to identify what 's keeping the out of college ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is : how can you deny a possible cause ( discrimination ) if you have n't yet found a cause ? 
  i see , i live in northern spain so maybe that 's why i have n't heard it here . 
  there 's plenty of people like that, 
  stormfront , 4chan 's / pol / and / k / , [ / r/conspiracy ] ( / r/conspiracy ) , etc, 
  that 's a wise thing to say mr. donkey_schlong, 
  the lesson being that you will get hired by a financial firm that will pay you a huge amount of money ? 
  they sure got told !, 
  you 've never been to stormfront ? 
  backburner does have one use : say , for example , that blue is all clustered around the cart and you manage to get behind them , if you go w + m1 you will mow them down , this is n't easy to pull of with a degreaser + axtinguisher as you ca n't kill 4-5 players fast enough like that , however i agree that the backburner is n't really useful most of the time, 
  death by retractile penis ? 
   people need a study to believe this ? 
  when it comes to knowledge just saying `` it 's common knowledge is n't enough '' , common knowledge has been wrong many times , so we have to prove things that may seem obvious in order to be sure, 
  haha yeah , only now did i realize i made an awful pun, 
  finally !, 
  we have found who those `` haters '' rappers talk about all the time are !, 
  i ca n't believe someone can be as evil as andrew wakefield , i mean , if you 're going to fake results for profit , could n't you just choose something slightly less evil than killing children ? 
  huh ? 
  ok , it just seems rather random , btw did you know rosemont is a residential neighbourhood in the north-west quadrant of calgary , alberta . 
  it is bounded by northmount drive to the north , by cambrian drive to the east , by 23 avenue n and the confederation park to the south and by 14 street w to the west . 
  i disagree , we have shows like two and a half men or mad men , i do n't think there 's a double standard here , before someone mentions it , no i 'm not a feminist, 
  edit : also i 'm willing to wager that at the end they 'll dump the chick or something to that effect, 
  the only reason i regret being a pc gamer, 
  no , you got it all wrong , what the dig are smileys , bitches loooove smileys, 
  i agree that hugo schwyzer is a dumbass but i do n't think it 's a good idea to link to that blog, 
  they should have let you keep the tumor in a jar, 
  i put gasoline on my shoes , lighted it and then kicked a basketball covered in gasoline, 
  true that, 
  i think it makes us look bad by association , mainly due to his arm chair psychology spouting and misogyny ( the real kind of misogyny , not the feminist definition of it ), 
  the reddit europe servers are pretty cool, 
  death by snu-snu, 
  i was disguised as a baby for carnival time here , two drunk chicks i did n't know started saying they were going to change my diaper and so they dipped their hands under my boxers and molested me in the middle of the street , pretty bizarre, 
  that sounds kind of sad actually, 
  i hate musical snobs like that , had they been born before they would be bitching about the beatles and that damn negro music corrupting young minds, 
  i dunno i 'm a dude and the french people i 've met have been pretty nice, 
  it 's no one 's fault you 're too stupid to understand what a model is and what a model is n't . 
  what about voice chat ? 
  they will spin it off to say something like this just proves that the patriarchy affects men too !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  thanks , i get it now , will spam pootis spencer next game !, 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  the brass beast is useful if you 're defending on a last stage receiving a constant barrage of enemies, 
  these people are pathetic, 
   porn for girls . 
  you just made me realize why i hated twilight so much ( do n't blame me , i was forced to watch it in three consecutive bus rides !, 
  a regular porn film aimed at heterosexual males will have a very poor plot that only serves as an excuse for male fantasies , if one were to watch a porn film for the plot one would get terribly bored , and that 's precisely why twilight is so terrible if you are n't a chick , you are watching ( or reading ) porn for the plot , why the fuck does a highschool-attending 110 years old vampire with superpowers falls in love with a bland generic chick ? 
  well for the same reason fonda cox has to ask for extra sausage with her pizza . 
  133333337 upvote/downvotes, 
  yeah at first i read the other comments and thought `` hmm , probably a neat creative card or something '' , i was n't expecting chris chan 's artwork, 
   i was in a freak rafting accident ... which shattered my jaw . 
   took a nap between classes ... but somehow my left shoulder was dislocated . 
  god damnit eugene . 
  it 's called speed cubing , there are actually methods for solving a rubik 's cube and it becomes easier with time , check youtube for tutorials, 
  why the fuck are some people so petty and passive aggressive ? 
  op , talk to your school counselor , principal , teachers , any adult that you can talk to safely and explain your side , also are there any neutral witnesses in these reports ? 
  well perhaps nobody likes her because she does passive aggressive shit like this ?
