  the hell are you even talking about ? 
  where did i say anything about marriage ? 
  and that 's fine , but most men do consider it a negative . 
  i would assume that she 's a hardcore feminist or a hippie and would have zero sexual interest . 
   library science, 
  library science is a field of study ? 
  this is very interesting , thank you , but if identifying as a certain gender is not the same as identifying with certain gender roles , then what does it mean to identify with a gender ? , to clarify , if we strip the socially constructed aspects of gender ( long hair , wearing dresses , make up , etc ) when a transwoman says `` i identify as a woman '' , what exactly do they identify with ? 
  i just had to register at the mexican consulate and i 'll pick up my card in like one year , seems like a dumb system to me . 
   group b is generally unpleasant , but attractive enough that men will hang around with them anyway . 
  this describes a girl i know perfectly , it 's amazing how this sort of thing can happen in completely different cultures, 
  can we please make a subreddit dedicated to student loans and complaining about baby boomers ? 
  i 'm tired of getting a student loan article every single day, 
  how dare somebody not want to date a feminist , the gall of some people !, 
  interesting , do you find your sex to be an obstacle when it comes to working with children ( pedophile paranoia and all that stuff ) ? 
  it 's the equivalent of spam , it clutters the frontpage with your whining, 
  just hairline , and yeah i see what you mean , but my hair has the consistency of a carpet , so i do n't think i could pull it off, 
  maybe ask him during sex ? 
  there 's also a self selection bias : hard working and poor people leave their countries to find jobs in wealthier countries , lazy and poor people stay at home, 
  no , you silly goose , read my comment properly . 
   `` men can stop rape . '', 
  rapists can stop rape . 
  that 's it . 
  but you 're not gon na reach them . 
  especially not with shitty posters and slogans and marches . 
  i wonder how a `` black people can stop bike theft '' campaign would be received ... 
  a mixed group of hard , lazy , and normal working people , the point is that lazy people wo n't go through the trouble of emigrating , you thick , thick fuck, 
  i 'm taking this course this summer , in case anyone is interested : https://class.coursera.org/compstrategy-001/class/index, 
  last semester i studied game theory as part of my microeconomics class and found it so fascinating that it 's making me question my choice of specializing in macroeconomics . 
   she was taught that porfirio diaz was a dictator that drastically hurt the country . 
  porfirio d\u00edaz had nothing to do with the texas revolution , you must be confusing him with antonio l\u00f3pez de santa ana . 
  man , if you were capable of achieving all that , then you 're capable of finding a girl . 
  start exercising , learn how to dress well , and try , and try , and try again , do n't be passive when it comes to women , be active , you will fail many times , but you 'll eventually find one . 
   they needed their man to be tall , broad-shouldered , confident and assertive . 
  and that is precisely the sort of man that wo n't put up with a feminist 's shit, 
  yeah , at least here in mexico i see plenty of short guys with taller women , i mean , being tall is still an advantage but it 's not like short guys here are eternally fucked, 
  my dad pulls that crap on my mom from time to time, 
  zimmerman is jewish/peruvian , so he is actually less white than obama, 
  feminists only attack ugly , socially awkward , nerds , they never actually mess with handsome , rich and charming men , in fact , that 's who they want to date . 
  it 's his expert opinion from years of being a neckbeard and skimming an article on the war on drugs from time to time . 
  checa tu privilegio de langosta , mierda-lord, 
  i see , wtf , i missquoted , gon na fix it now . 
  they probably are just as crazy , they simply are too anxious and shy to act like assholes irl, 
  the point of fiscal stimulus is to kick start the economy when demand is failing in the short term , in the medium and long run government spending has to actually be productive in order to create wealth ( e.g. 
  a bridge that was necessary will create medium and long run wealth , but a bridge to nowhere wo n't ), 
  fuck amerikkka i 'm moving to s [ weed ] en, 
  that second part makes a lot of sense , thank you . 
  what is `` good '' taste in music ? 
  i find that the sort of people that claim to have good taste in music either only listen to dadrock or are metalhead snobs, 
  dad rock is music like the rolling stones , the beatles , etc, 
  how dare someone make fun of people that send death threats, 
  you should fire her so that you do n't have to suffer seeing her, 
  i definitely recommend visiting the market , there 's some great and cheap food there, 
  you tell your personal assistant to fire her, 
  suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret , lift heavy , and eat that goddamn sandwich for your gains, 
  did that spiced chocolate taste similar to mole ( mexican sauce made with chocolate , peppers and more spices ) ? 
  funny thing is that she still can be choosy about them if she 's attractive , with 100 different partners she is averaging around 2 a month for her entire sex life , if she 's attractive she probably gets hit on by more than 2 different guys in that time frame, 
  do you know what exactly does somebody working at the imf do on a day to day basis ? 
  i second poor economics , great book . 
  that was pretty good, 
  do you have a link for that video ? 
  old people suffering from senile dementia tend to act irrationally , my grandma used to put traffic cones or trash on top of cars that parked in front of her house ( not blocking the driveway ) , they are n't necessarily evil, 
  it 's especially clever when you use all caps, 
  did n't they also try it during the napoleonic wars ( and spain actually kept olivenca as a result ) ? 
  eh it 's probably made to withstand the seal 's movement on rocks , so i do n't really think it 's all that bad, 
  all of latin america went through a period of high inflation during that time , venezuela is one of the few latin america countries that has n't managed their inflation to single digits ( argentina is another example of that ), 
   inflation is so high in venezuela because it is growing the fastest, 
  price controls do n't help either, 
  you should just blame evil foreign capitalists for all your problems, 
  open the excel files and check the inflation crises column, 
  edit : especially compare vnezuela to colombia ( colombia had near hyperinflation in the nineties and now is doing alright ), 
  he actually seemed to be in pretty good shape, 
  i used to be very pro-sexual harrassment , but after watching her interpretative dancing i 've changed my mind . 
  of course not , but a fit and agile guy is at least likely to be able to throw some good punches, 
  if my knowledge of spanish law serves me right : decretos emanate from the executive branch and they must be either completely convalidated or nullified within a month of their publication by the congress, 
  this is n't the misc , fuccboi, 
  edit : verga , escrib\u00ed vegetales con b, 
  mexico abolished slavery the moment it became an independent country , nothing to do with the united states, 
   and today 's america, 
  can somebody please post a sourced comment from someone knowledgeable instead of your uneducated guesses ? 
   even though our government is shitty and corrupt . 
  is there a country in the world where people do n't say this about their government ? 
   educated guesses are the best, 
  the thing is ... none of the responses here are even educated guesses , and on a personal level it bothers me to see gringos that know nothing about my country other than having skimmed a couple of articles on the situation in mexico trying to explain my own culture to myself ( i 'm mexican ) . 
  from a quick read it seems inaccurate , for example : it lists the zetas as being the armed wing of the gulf cartel , which is wrong as the zetas and the gulf cartel have been at war for the last few years and heriberto lazcano ahs been dead for a couple of months, 
  yeah , i mean , she justs uploads the photos and posts unfunny comments on them , not much justice there . 
  [ / r/asksocialscience ] ( / r/asksocialscience ) would be the place you 're looking for, 
  hhmmm , perhaps [ / r/neutralpolitics ] ( / r/neutralpolitics ) ? 
  are you a specialist on the mexican war on drugs ? 
  if not , did you source your comment with somebody 's educated opinion ? 
  i 'm not gon na bother getting into some drawn out discussion with somebody that seriously takes internet comments so personally, 
  i know right ? 
  down with amerikkka , dorner did nothing wrong, 
  [ / r/lostgeneration ] ( / r/lostgeneration ) , stop spamming your student loan articles pls, 
  investment bankers created the friendzone and are keeping pot illegal, 
  real men man up and marry fat , single moms in their thirties with a slutty past, 
  it doesn '' t mean he does n't like you as a friend or as a person , but apparently he does n't want to date you, 
  run your hands over his chest , scratch his back , kiss his neck , etc, 
   ( one of which recently complained about even having a minimum wage at all ) . 
  you 're in the wrong subreddit if you think it 's crazy to argue against minimum wages ( i do n't agree with the kochs or cato , for the record ), 
   she beats her dog,
