  not as simple as that , you need to prove that your family still identifies as sephardic jewish for example , by speaking ladino ( iberian jewish language ) . 
  if it were as easy as proving sephardic ascendance then pretty much anyone with spanish blood could claim spanish citizenship, 
  what kind of retarded logic is that ? 
  should we tolerate modern day slavery because western nationsin the past made use of it ? 
  you know how in your dreams things are many times illogical and stupid ? 
  maybe that explains the whole sand snakes plotline, 
  ah yes , the fn are pretty much the french version of daesh , what wih their platform of beheading muslims , selling jewish women into slavery and destroying every pre-christian monument in france . 
  i 'm just a lowly bachelor 's degree in economics holder so maybe that 's why i am confused , but are you suggesting that economic growth in the medium and long run is lead by the demand ? 
  french army might have higher standards given that it has less demand for soldiers, 
  i have n't seen that much hate for him here tbh , mediotiempo.com comments sections on the other hand have such vitriolic comments that it makes it seem like chicharito personally shit on their mothers ' mouths, 
  perfect reaction gif, 
  he 's good enough to play a substitute for them , but i agree that he is n't good enough to be a starter, 
  please stop embarrassing yourself it 's quite obvious that he 's emphasizing the `` cono '' part and before you ask : yes i 'm a native spanish speaker, 
  it was their intention , they know the system and they are working with it , they were pretty transparent about it, 
  elote is any type of corn m8, 
  it 's free in mexican restaurants and taco stands, 
  check out canada , under certain conditions they allow skilled immigrants to receive a residence permit without a job offer, 
  why would i ? 
  god already did, 
  do bears shit in the woods ? 
  he thought that this sub was for the other type of `` roasting '', 
  so that eye explains the drone strikes !, 
  i second this movie !, 
  absolutely hilarious dark comedy/political satire, 
  rule says it has to be in a container , this one 's in a plate so it 's legit, 
  so this asshole , does n't speak the language ( dutch in this case ) , does n't have skills ( i doubt a teenager has a college degree ) and does n't share european values ( he 's a rabid racist ) , he seems like the perfect candidate to not let into any country . 
  yeah , i 've seen plenty of cunts while playing rugby, 
  why were they booing them ? 
  did they want them to throw the match ? 
   they wanted mascherano to throw it because he used to be a river player ,, 
  jesus , how can anyone be this stupid ? 
  can someone explain to me how mexican clubs qualify for this ? 
  now show me a hamburger from hotdog, 
  yes , i know that was awful, 
  jesus , i remember getting 100 grams for 4 euros in barcelona, 
  how can someone be this ignorant ? 
  my god , the stupidity is apalling , as in , i think this guy may be mentally deficient or almost illiterate, 
  i like how it 's done in latin america , we celebrate the creation of a new culture through the mixture of europe and latin america , we do n't celebrate the man for the most part, 
  yes , why go to paris when you can go to las vegas ? 
  a slutty basque girl ? 
  we 've found a unicorn !, 
  if i 'm fighting an enemy more powerful than me i like sneaking behind their lines and going on a satrapy creating rampage with a single full stack army . 
  i make them satrapies because i simply do n't have an army powerful enough to hold on to my provinces and if i 'm constantly on the move i can seriously cripple my enemy before they can react . 
  fierro pariente, 
  you can say that again !, 
  do n't forget the guns !, 
  yes , but not extremely important details like lucy mancini 's vaginoplasty !, 
  they are like children when they try to imitate adults : for example a litttle girl may wear her mom 's shoes and paint all over he face with make-up ( because that 's what she thinks girls should do ) , or a little boy may grab a newspaper to imitate his father reading , even if he himself ca n't read , likewise an `` italian-american '' may scream a lot and eat a lot of pepperoni because that 's what he thinks people in the `` old country '' do . 
   my problem is how to stop post-nationalism just leading to cheaper labour . 
  the price of labour only partially depends on supply , it also depends on its demand , namely , productivity . 
  productivity in turn depends on capital per worker , regulatory environment and most importantly education . 
  if local workers are better educated than immigrants there 's no reason for them to see a reduction in their wages , in fact , their real wages increase due to lower prices of goods . 
  i recommend you check out this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/3exxhq/okay_is_lowskilled_immigration_a_negative_or_not/, 
  in order to enter university you have to pass the pau , then the average between that and your high school score is used to enter university , if there are 25 places for your degree then the people with the 25 highest scores that applied get in . 
  public universities do n't do interviews nor do they care about your previous experiences , they only care about your pau and highschool scores , at least during undergrad . 
  in order to prepare yourself you can google for model exams from previous years , at least that 's how i prepared myself and i did just fine . 
  edit : i 'm a foreigner that did exactly what you want to do so if you have any more questions feel free to send me a pm, 
  why is this a surprising fact ? 
  this goes for any university founded before isaac newton 's and leibniz 's work, 
   but the mayans predate the aztecs by hundreds of years . 
  the height of maya power does predate the aztecs , but the maya people are still around in mexico and their language family is very much in use among them, 
   for example - 40 % + of the population speaks spanish ), 
  well , is n't that mostly from mexican immigration given that northern new spain was rather underpopulated at the time it was under spanish rule ? 
  this also goes for people in latin america , we had much older civilizations than the aztecs , they actually arose very late into pre-hispanic america, 
  yeah , i think people outside of mexico rarely grasp the ethnic and lingustic diversity of the country , we have 68 national languages !, 
  or even better : / r/natureismetal, 
  the 2014 brazilian world cup went perfectly fine, 
  i mastered english when i started posting on internet forums and using it to convey complex concepts, 
  i can confirm , as mexican we fast every 4th day because we get tired of our very homogeneous cuisine , that 's why we are known all around the world for our slender physiques, 
  did you read the thread title ? 
  1 this guy garry newman should n't have engaged this nutcase in any way whatsoever , he should have cut all contact and got a restraining order , he 's stupidly enabling his craziness by responding to his e-mails . 
  2 the guy threatens several times to commit mass murder , it 's interesting to see the inside of the mind of these kind of assholes . 
  huehuhe , just what i read at first, 
  i 'm disappointed at all the easy questions he asked him, 
  it 's nice to see that his wife 's boyfriend made sure to let him get internet reception in his cuck-shed, 
   they probably do n't care because they 're basically in the same situation as most of the people emigrating . 
  i think that in the case of portugal and spain it 's also because a significant portion of their immigrants come from former colonies that have big cultural similarities , an argentinian that has spanish grandparents , speaks spanish , and is a catholic is more culturally similar to spaniards than a somali is to a german . 
  well , it depends on what you mean as `` everyone '' you can have a welfare state and open borders if you make people inelligible to receive welfare if they have n't resided in the country for x years or if they are n't citizens, 
   if you 're educated and willing to work , you could easily move into any western country and face little to no problems . 
  for most countries you need to have a job lined up before arrival , and few businesses would go through the cost and trouble of hiring a foreigner and sponsoring their visa unless that person truly is exceptional, 
  yeah , that 's the main reason i absolutely hate all the spanish acting on breaking bad , giancarlo esposito ( gus ) is n't believable as a chilean when he ca n't even speak spanish properly . 
  ask hostel staff if you can switch to another room, 
  what proof other than `` look at china '' do you have ? 
  what is your logical process and what are your assumptions ? 
  yep , spanish republicans were n't exactly nice guys : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paracuellos_massacres, 
  the texas revolution is the story about how illegal immigrants ( mexico only alowed catholics to settle in texas ) that wanted to own human beings as property defeated another country while receiving heavy support from a more powerful country ( not unlike rebels in eastern ukraine receiving russian support ) and then made themselves seem like underdog freedom fighters . 
  15 years ? 
  more like 200 , the us has a rich history of foreign interventionism, 
   i think that it 's almost impossible to try real spanish cuisine outside spain . 
  mexico has some pretty authentic spanish restaurants , i imagine other latin american countries with heavy spanish immigration do too, 
   `` why the fuck are they speaking spanish ? '' . 
  fajitas and nachos are definitely mexican food , it 's just that they are n't very widespread in mexico and they are eaten more often in the us , mexican food is so varied that many mexicans ignore other regional foods, 
   employer 's just do n't want to pay them what they are worth . 
  why would n't employers be willing to pay their mpl ? 
  yes , but it 's more profitable to hire someone and pay them their mpl rather than leave the job unfilled, 
  yes , but this discussion is n't about paying mpl vs paying below mpl , it 's about paying mpl vs leaving a job unfilled . 
  / u/mcclure _ esq claimed that employers ca n't fill their vacant posts , / u/nurxo responded by saying that employers are n't willing to pay them what they are worth . 
  if empoyers ca n't find willing workers then they do n't have the option to pay them below their mpl , of course they want to pay below their mlp , but they simply ca n't do it . 
  and so the discussion now is : why would they prefer to leave a job post unfilled instead of paying workers `` what they are worth '' ? 
   is mpl the marginal product of labor ?
