  silly aurora hunter !, 
  just turn around !, 
  my mom had a head first crash with a truck in the highway , the whole front of her minivan was destroyed , my mom walked out of there with a minor rib fracture that healed in a couple of weeks thanks to wearing a seatbelt, 
  completely agreed , the only thing that matters is my workout, 
   it 's also beautifully and powerfully written . 
  well she 's a professional writer after all ... 
   smoke pot, 
  that would never happen , redditors do n't like black people ... 
   farms are what feed the world and should be treated with kids gloves . 
  what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  if a farm is needed people will pay for what it produces , if it is n't people wo n't , simple as that, 
   i , and many others , do n't like to see family farms gobbled up by large corporate ones, 
  why does it matter ? 
  wrong subreddit pal, 
  `` good x ( x being shoemakers , taxi cab drivers , jugglers , midgets that tell jokes , or whatever group you sympathize with ) can be put out of business due to circumstances entirely out of their control . 
  their x will just be bought up by bigger and bigger x until we are left with a few too big to fail monopolies . 
  in most cases that would be a bad thing ... '', 
  there 's this thing called anti-monopoly regulations , they are supposed to break down the size of companies if society chooses that the size of a certain company is not socially beneficial , i fail to see the point of subsidizing inefficiency . 
   plus for me personally , there is some sentimental feelings about protecting a way of life for many people that is quickly going away . 
  should billions of dollars ( and euros and pesos , since farm subsidies are n't an american thing ) be spent on something just because of someone 's feelings ? 
   most kids have never been to a farm , let alone worked on one throwing hay or feeding cattle . 
  most kids have n't been near an accounting ledger , wo n't somebody please think of the accountants ? 
  i do n't think that cheating means that they will always be cheaters , but it 's dishonest and selfish and it 's definitely something to be wary about, 
  reddit has a tendecy to run any moderately amusing joke into the ground, 
  of course !, 
  i just heard it the other day from the hairdresser when i got my haircut, 
  this post gave me aids, 
  as a trans decaf molusc i understand your plight, 
  i honestly prefer this crap over `` motivational fuck yeah '' speeches, 
  `` sexually_explicit_username_in_all_caps gives you the key to success and happiness from the comfort of his basement '', 
  god i ahte that idiot , but it was n't all that bad in the end, 
  she has a very pretty face but i do n't find her body attractive , too chubby for my taste, 
  i feel the same way , i would n't say no to a blowjob from her , but i do n't know if i would bang her , i 'm on the fence about it . 
   also my experience with white latinas is incredibly bad . 
  whites tend to form the upper strata of almost all latin american countries . 
  they look down at you because of class . 
  they looked down at us in college as filthy yanquis and they tend to be horribly racist . 
  they will easily say ah no chino , negro , indio !, 
  they very much carry the air of lingering spanish nobility about them . 
  this is my demographic group ( upper middle class white latin american ) and your analysis is spot on , i have heard things like `` est\u00e1 muy negro '' ( he is too black ) or `` chinos asquerosos '' ( disgusting chinese ) , and yes that disdain goes towards white americans too , white latin americans are the equivalent of the snobbiest w.a.s.p.s you can think of , and they are n't constrained by western european/north american notions of political correctness . 
  edit : added some lines, 
  maybe she could fill out some job applications while she 's there, 
  mollusc is correct too , i missed an l, 
  but not an economics related post, 
  diabetes is a social construct, 
  this means that you have less competition for women that look like this, 
   falsely accusing someone of a criminal offense ( with intent ) is a crime in pretty much all legal systems around the world , including canada . 
  you are aware of that , right ? 
  it is n't if they did n't file a police report, 
  south and north america being part of one continent is what 's taught in the spanish speaking world , continents are arbitrarily chosen so there 's no better or worse definition . 
  no , oceania is the term used in spanish . 
  no you must be punished, 
  omg i did n't consent to chatting with you , verbal rape, 
  i think rugby is great if it 's kept in good fun , but in my experience people tend to take themselves too seriously . 
  edit : the atmosphere at the three different clubs i played at made me think of it more as the army rather than just guys having fun . 
  well he was a soldier in wwi , and even if his duties did n't include combat , it 's not too far-fetched to think that he could have killed someone . 
  i was replying to tetragonos ' assertion that said that just because it 's hitler that we say `` maybe '' , that is i was n't talking about the op, 
  ahh i see now, 
  europe is n't a country , a serbian orthodox has less in common with an atheist swede than a redneck from alabama and a hipster from seattle do, 
  whta i mean is that europe is a continent made up by hundreds of different ethnicities and many different religions , so it 's silly to paint all of europea with the same brush, 
  that comment made me go through his comment history and downvote until i get bored, 
  yeah , it 's just one woman that makes shitty jokes about people being told she 's a meanie by some guy on the other side of the world, 
  there 's a difference between talking about sex and talking about your exploits . 
  bullshit , the uk is the sort of country where you can go to jail for being mean on facebook : http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2012/oct/08/april-jones-matthew-woods-jailed, 
  or for calling someone 's horse gay :, 
  indeed , however the fact that somebody was actually charged over that still supports the point that i 'm making : british people can be as litigious as americans . 
  perhaps , however what i 'm trying to do here is combat the whole circlejerk about `` harr harr dumb americans , in europe this does n't happen '' , the `` gay horse '' article was an extreme case , but the guy that went to jail for making offensive facebook statuses ( my first link ) is n't an oddity , other people have been investigated by the police for saying mean things on twitter and other parts of the internet . 
  medieval 2 , i love the time period , unit diversity and it 's more polished than rome ( which is my second favorite ), 
  i think he 's pointing out that saying top gear uk instead of just top gear is wrong , since top gear is a uk show and all other versions are spin offs, 
  and the article itself just consists of copy-pasting a paragraph from the wsj and adding their non-expert commentary . 
  yeah , you see those women with the big cleavage , short skirt and high heels ? 
  they 're dressing for other women , they would be perfectly fine with never being seen as sexually attractive by the opposite sex, 
  this woman you speak of sounds like the sortf of person who would take pride on being `` lol such a nerd xd ! '', 
  ss uniforms were made by hugo boss, 
  yeah it 's like how the word `` special '' now just means retarded, 
   but i have n't ever experienced it personally . 
  this is my experience as well , i 've never gotten any funny looks for smiling or making faces at a child . 
  maybe he 's getting more hits from more attractive women too ? 
  there was an ama froma girl that worked in a `` mail order bride '' site , it was just a dating agency where they provided translation services and made their money from charging you that , i would n't be against using such sites . 
  here 's the ama :, 
  i 'm mediterranean and i prefer mediterranean women , but east african women are cute too ( and all races too of course ), 
  check your proper sentece building privilege shitlord, 
  meh that 's not too expensive tbh , in madrid a run of the mill club charges around 10 euros per drink, 
   will probably have some new laws made, 
  well he is n't in government anymore so i fail to see how he will be able to do that, 
  also , am i doing well by tucking in ? 
  the untucked shirt can almost cover my whole ass, 
  yeah just what i thought , any thoughts on the pants ? 
  the way the outfit looks ? 
  to be honest i think that the same type of coprruption ( e.g. 
  police officers and city officials getting their tickets dismissed ) would be found if it were n't privatized . 
   your pants might be a size too big on the waist because it looks like the belt is making them bulge in an odd manner . 
  indeed !, 
  i lost 7 kilos ( 15lbs ) in three months , what kind of fit should i look for ? 
  these are straight , should i go for slim ? 
  el de no ser discriminado ? 
  como defines el no ser discriminado ? 
  thank you ,, 
  unfortunately levi 's are prohibitely expensive in europe ( they can easily cost over 80 euros a pair ) , i 'll see what i can find in zara, 
  yeah , i mean , i 'm not trying to wear clothes as tight as mfa recommends , but i recognize that my shirt is just too damn loose , i know about the jeans i lost weight and went down one size,
