  but duuuuude the same chick that wrote twilight made the script, 
  you 're now banned from there btw, 
  do n't forget accounting for opportunity cost, 
  depends on your tolerance for it , i can definitely enjoy food that seems spicier for others, 
  no prob , but now i have 96 upvotes, 
  well , bitches love smiley faces , so it 's pretty normal . 
  but seriously , some people are just bubbly , if you 're attracted to her ask her out , if not do n't, 
  dragon dildos, 
  i 've been in some slums in mexico , so yeah , that, 
  i ca n't use my debit card for internet purchases ( though i have a `` virtual '' card for that , not a credit one ) . 
  if you need to buy soemthing you can afford , but you are n't getting paid in , say , a week , it 's useful . 
  if you need to buy soemthing that you 'll have to pay off in installments like a plane ticket or a computer, 
  `` per say '', 
  woah we have an edgy teen over here !, 
  i like redneck/southern accents , the rest of you sound rather whiny land nasal, 
   friends ( 9 ), 
   subsidizing oil and gas, 
  honest question , where do they get subsidies ? 
   do n't waste another minute of it doing what does n't make you happy . 
  no , just no . 
  planning ahead and getting the huge advantage that a medical degree is , is n't a waste, 
  your mother could be having a nervous breakdown , get her help if you care about her , the part about you getting kicked out is probably the least important part of your post . 
  i feel the same way as you , i do n't know if it 's because i 'm genuinely uncomfortable with it , or i 'm just insecure, 
  you either do n't understand the situation or you 're not disclosing important parts of information, 
  string him along until he gives up , dudes love being stringed along as much as bitches love smiley faces . 
  but really , say you are n't interested, 
  it 's called a joke , you ass burger, 
  she 's a chick , but your advice still stands, 
  promiscuous women , i know it 's not logically correct for me to be turned off by it , but it still does, 
  just like you ask of him to empathize with her , you should empathize with him . 
   that duel may have just been a demonstration for the sake of the camera . 
  according to the video one of them is the mayor of marseille and another a man ( another politician ) that was insulted in a political argument, 
  no narwhals pls, 
  that 's abusive . 
  as for where to draw the line it tthink you need to know if the other person would do the same for you , for example if your friend would n't do something equivalent to translating 10 pages when he could easily pay someone for it then she is abusing . 
  crei que se referia a las `` menudecencias '', 
  from the good the bad and the ugly :, 
   one armed man : i 've been looking for you for 8 months . 
  whenever i should have had a gun in my right hand , i thought of you . 
  now i find you in exactly the position that suits me . 
  i had lots of time to learn to shoot with my left . 
  [ tuco kills him with the gun he has hidden in the foam ], 
   tuco : when you have to shoot , shoot . 
  do n't talk . 
  i was adding relevant info that people may not have caught as the video is in french, 
  the rest of the world does n't have an obligation to accommodate your stupidity, 
  people do n't randomly slam the breaks , sudden stops only happen in emergencies like a crash in front of you or an animal crossing, 
  is your romantic life affected by your job ( i.e. 
  women are less likely to go out with you because of it ) ? 
  how much do you make ? 
  depends , a cow or a horse can seriously fuck you up, 
   and i only have to work like 4 hours a day . 
  do you have a second job ? 
  how do you make ends meet ? 
  do you plan on studying something ? 
  perhaps i was a little flippant , i do n't have any experience riding motorcycles, 
  he could be 20, 
  emphasis on `` think '', 
  how odd , everyone seems to know a la-sha and oranjello ... 
  an object in my urethra !, 
  shut up jesus, 
  how good looking are you ? 
   one cool thing that he did was to tell us all to imagine that we were outside beside a swimming pool on a really hot day , and to imagine it getting hotter and hotter and hotter . 
  i think i actually started sweating . 
  meh , that 's nothing , that 's like me telling you to imagine having a paper cut your urethra and it provoking your penis to hide like a turtle , no hypnosis, 
  once or twice a year, 
  whenever i ' v exhausted the links on the frontpage i want to read , i go to [ / r/shitredditsays ] ( / r/shitredditsays ) to find new stuff to laugh about, 
   statistically , half of them are wrong . 
  no they are n't , it 's perfectly possible for most people to be above average at something as long as there is a minority bringing the average down, 
  true , but average commonly refers to the mean , in any case no specific average was chosen so i 'm still technically correct, 
  edit : correction, 
  i agree , i messed up and said median instead of mean, 
  you called ? 
  it 's funny cuz that 's my name, 
  i read it as sweat shop, 
  i just realized that several people posted the same thing , me included, 
  i was bullied by my older brother , i was n't bullied ta school though, 
  that one story about a girl named la-sha, 
  but what if the original singer made that post and then pretended that it was somebody else who lied about the autism ? 
  i was just joking along the lines of what we do here in this subreddit, 
  do n't take my karma bro, 
  i 'm downvoting you for bitching about getting downvoted, 
  it it does n't hurt the rest of the players either , i mean , so what if someone else spends 10 bucks to have that weapon ? 
  not like it 'll change my gaming experience, 
  agreed , i do n't like people chatting with me at the gym, 
  i do n't , i have n't pooped , farted nor cursed in my life either, 
  i left my country to move to spain a year ago ( i 'm 20 ) , and while i ca n't give you specific advice about france , i can tell you that your plan strikes me as extremely naive , i would recommend you to go the same route i went : get accepted into a university there and live with a student visa , since no country will give you a visa if you are n't a student or someone with a job offer ( or rich and very qualified ) . 
  do you feel the same way about murder , kidnapping , dead baby , and violence jokes ? 
  where and why do we draw the line between what 's acceptable humour and what is n't ? 
  wat , hitler wanted franco to join the war , franco was the one who did n't want to unless hitler agreed to his demands , which hitler found excessive, 
  iirc , the french possessions in morocco , gibraltar and military supplies , but it would be better if a more educated person answered this . 
  just to add to this , juli\u00e1n leyzaola , former police chief of tijuana who greatly decreased crime there , is now police chief in ciudad ju\u00e1rez . 
  he 's a sceintist not a scientist, 
  es legal que un partido tenga esos datos tuyos ? 
  am i a cynic for thinking that op e mailed knowing that he was gon na get free shit in return ? 
  i do n't think that they 're saying that you have to want to watch them , they 're saying that you have to be willing to tolerate that, 
  well not necessarily , it could be that the cop was being the racist here, 
  `` look at those fags not wrestling naked ! , btw phyrros wan na go fuck some children later ? '', 
  how about it being one of the coolest cities in the world ? 
  if i understand correctly , bailouts in the us consisted in buying toxic assets , assets which were later sold at a profit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2njnl10vz1y relevant part starts at 3:10,
