  i agree , wars did n't happen until the gold standard was abolished . 
  `` look at me i 'm such a good person ! , pat me on the back ! '', 
   hows this a crisis ? 
  the football press is extremely bipolar , if they win a few mpore matches they 'll forget about the so called crisis, 
  you are making a patently false claim , have you ever heard of public choice theory ? 
  no , public choice theory is an integral part of economics and public economics , what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  i think it would be better to link to the actual shiller article instead of blogspam that adds nothing to the article from business insider : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/13/business/better-insurance-against-inequality.html?smid=tw-share, 
  not even that , there are already direct flights to mexico city from amsterdam, 
  lol pendeja, 
  i 've even met people that major in certain languages and are n't able to speak them at all . 
  how do dealerships work in the us ? 
  in mexico every brand has its own dealerships and we do n't seem to have much trouble . 
  ah no , i misunderstood you , that 's the way it works in mexico too . 
  i do n't get it , the kid that made the dirty move got his arm broken despite the kid from your school being the one that fell onto the basketball floor ? 
  ah now i understand, 
  they 're called illerminati , you illiterati, 
  nz is one of the few countries where rugby union is the main sport right ? 
  la rubia means `` the blonde '' ( as in blonde woman ), 
  yeah , i 'm kind of fit and get complimented all the time by men . 
  well i 'm only 12 years old and i like the beatles and nirvana . 
   black people sell 20 times more than white people, 
  you ca n't just throw around a number like this and not provide a source, 
  now just imagine if that snow were covering a fence ... 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i looked for the story but could n't find anything, 
  edit : nvm , i found it on the hollywood accounting wikipedia page, 
  people that think that befriending a woman instead of pursuing a relatioship with her is the morally superior choice seem pretty insecure to me , like , they feel that their own sexuality is so pathetic that it 's an insult for them to show interest in someone . 
  oh come on , you 're acting like they 're making fun of someone who died, 
  yes yes but you did n't explain what the fuck it is , is it the same as american football but without pads ? 
  as in , like rugby ? 
  lol haha xd, 
  i dunno man this one seems to make sense in the subreddit, 
  it 's the sarcasm combined with ignorance that pisses people off . 
  man is it common to do internships right from the start in college ? 
  i 'm in spain and i can only start doing them on my fourth year and after i graduate, 
  oh i have the option of taking an internship that will count as credit for two classes , but the thing is : i can only do it on my fourth year . 
  it truly is baffling , i would understand it if he posted this on facebook where people actually know him , but to me op is a complete and utter stranger , he really is just some guy with bryan cranston, 
  maybe it 's one of those jobs where you work for a few months and then you have the rest of the year off ( like fishermen , lumberjacks , oil drillers , etc ) ? 
   china has been around for over 3,000 years and are just now `` figuring it out , '' so to speak . 
  humanity has been around for more than a million years , and only have economies started seriously growing since the 18th century , i do n't think it 's fair to single out the chinese or any other civilization . 
  weird , she 's married but she was a kid in 2005 ( when the show aired ), 
  what i mean is that she 's still too young to be married ( she looks like she 's seven in that video ) , you intentionally stupid twat, 
  maybe you 're from afghanistan where people marry at 15 , where i 'm from that 's not normal, 
  she said something about her husband in the linked comment, 
  lol butthurt, 
  so that explains it, 
  it 's weird , i 'm seeing many real madrid fans rooting for atletico this year, 
  is the variable cost function this one ? 
  or this one ? 
   if the champions of europe, 
  not so fast son, 
  i think that the problem is that the original op had to add a stupid sob story, 
   the `` let 's chill soon . '', 
  is a blanket statement for people who do n't actually want to hangout with you . 
  i 've done it to people and i 've had it done to me , it is a way of life . 
  why even say it in the first place ? 
  it 's not like i 'm going to be offende if you do n't offer to hang out, 
  because it 's odd to see a statue of satan in a courthouse ? 
  where the hell do you come from if that 's not weird ? 
  i 'm not from the us , but why do people have such reverence for the founding fathers ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  they are n't the final arbitrers of what 's right and wrong, 
  use an electric razor with the guards, 
  translation :, 
  girl : say hi to flo ( ? ), 
  guy : hi ? 
  hi to flo ? 
  girl : so how was the world cup ? 
  guy : very well , we 're champions, 
  girl : who do you dedicate this worldcup to ? 
  guy : to everyone , to all spaniards, 
  girl ( interrupting ) : hey can we reenact iker 's kiss but on the cheek ? 
  ( referring to this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncrh8uwnpzy ), 
  guy : with whom ? 
  girl : with me, 
  guy : no no no, 
  girl : * drops spaghetti *, 
  guy : you 're not my type !, 
  ( walks away laughing ), 
  girl : well neither are you mine !, 
  before you get all high and mighty it also sums up / r/shitredditsays , tublr tards , and basically any extremist group, 
  well , she 's actually his girlfriend so it 's not that awkward, 
  un subsidio incentiviza el uso de gasolina , la gasolina contamina ergo el subsidio fomenta la contaminaci\u00f3n . 
  and in soccer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jww2_rwv3l8, 
  atl\u00e9tico has n't won a league since the 90 's , the players wo n't hold back . 
  why people do n't research something that will be branded on them for life is beyond me, 
  that movie just makes me cringe , i normally love that type of movie ( like pulp fiction , snatch , lock stock and two smoking barrels , etc ) , but boondock saints is so so cheesy, 
  was n't it salcido \u00b4 s ? 
  or was that the one in monterrey ? 
   if a team got demoted from ` the big league ' their fan base would instantaneously evaporate . 
  a lot of lower tiered leagues are divided by regions, 
  huh ? 
  he seemed needlessly aggressive, 
  edit : but i 'm also having trouble hearing her , so i do n't know exactly what she said, 
  hopefully they 'll get a serious ban after this, 
  is your roommate a native speaker ? 
  i would be surprised if a native had never heard of this form of speech, 
  i think the swiss one was great , and the german one a bit threatening after you know who ... 
  i 'm terrified of this happening some day to my mom since she believes all kinds of woo . 
  why not start your own business and charge less while making more money for yourself ?
