  source : http://seemikedraw.com.au/this-cartoon-is-child-friendly, 
  well done , what kind of evil bitch would put a restraining order on her ex-husband ? 
  she obviously deserved to burnn to death for that, 
  number 25 is the perfect way to ensure that you become a doormat :, 
  pay for dinner : so what if her 10 other friends are there, 
  oh come one , this is unfair , do arabas in , say , lebanon do this kind of shit ? 
  do jordanians do that ? 
  wat , are n't andalusians pretty much the only spaniards that do n't speak with a lisp ? 
  yeah but are n't andalusians the ones who do the `` seseo '' ? 
  or are there some that do the `` ceceo '' ? 
  ohhh i c, 
  you should ahve gone to spain to get a german woman . 
  those are n't medieval , but rather from the 17th century . 
  the point is that they are looking for a new income source like tourism or banking . 
  it is n't just wealthy europeans and americans that travel there , russians , iranians and other arabs also go there . 
   while gdp has n't recovered, 
  gdp has recovered , gdp per c\u00e1pita has n't, 
  you do well by not being offended , gringo is not an insult and is n't meant to be offensive at all, 
  great , this is also good news for mexico , given that we depend so much on the us economy . 
  now i feel like a dumbass , thanks . 
  i 'm unconvinced by his argument given that i do n't believe that economic inequality * per se * is harmful , let 's make a thought experiment : imagine that even the poorest people in society have access to top notch healthcare , public education , infrastructure , housing , etc , in this case , would it really matter if the ceo of a company makes 300x what the average worker makes ? 
  you know your life is privileged when you complain about people sitting with their legs slightly spread out, 
  why is the article assuming that big firm = monopsony ? 
  apple is a big company , but they still have plenty of competition, 
   little known fact : he actually shaved his mustache so it would fit into the german gas masks which were tight fitting on the face . 
  yes , i also visiti this little known site known as reddit . 
  this this this , why is he fucking everywhereon reddit ? 
  and reddit detectives harrassed his family meanwhile, 
  noooo do n't you get it ? 
  if we take away their imaginary points we will punish them !, 
  even with context it 's a shitpost worthy of facebook . 
  he 's right , another overrated player is miroslav klose , he just runs around until the ball hits him in the foot and enters the goal, 
  eh , he 'll just have to stay for two years in spain to get his passport, 
  it is if you come from a former colony , if you are a descendant of spaniards it 's even easier , you just need one year . 
  with birth certificates , not that difficult, 
  i really ca n't tell if you 're joking or if you 're honestly this stupid . 
  i 've seen plenty of idiots on the internet , sorry for hurting your feelings . 
  to expand on this : this is important because a lot of leagues impose a cap on the number of non-eu nationals that can play in a team ( if there were no cap then there would be no problem for non-eu nationals , it 's not like tramiting a work permit is all that hard ) , now , you may also wonder why the cap is only applied to non-eu players as oppossed to all non-home country players ( that is , why is the spanish league capping only non-eu foreigners instead of all spaniards ? 
  ) , this is because according to the eu treaty rules you ca n't discriminate or restrict other eu citizens from working in your country . 
  did you miss the part where he said that he has a gun ? 
  marca and as are secretely pro-atl\u00e9ti so they want casillas to keep playing so that atl\u00e9tico wins again . 
   food is decent ,, 
  only decent ? 
  oxaca has some of the best food in mexico , i 'm glad you 're enjoying my country . 
  i believe that women like this are the female equivalent of `` nice guys '' : they complain that their lack of success in the dating world is due to men wanting dumb women ( just like `` nice guys '' think women only date assholes ) . 
  and i think it 's caused by people thinking that the other sex finds attractive what they themselves do : these women probably find cocky/assertive/sarcastic men in high status positions attractive and so they think men should like that too , while the truth is that most of us do n't give two shits about your job and we find masculine women unattractive . 
   if somebody steals a code to a video game , i do n't care . 
  you do n't care because it does n't affect you personally , but it 's still making people lose money . 
  intellectual property does n't grow on trees , it still costs money to create . 
  yes , getting arrested someone that stole from you is a dick move . 
  what i mean is that i 'm not going to be more attracted to a woman solely because she has a prestigious job, 
   often unattractive face-wise and/or bodywise . 
  and personality-wise , a plain girl with a sweet personality can still have success, 
  can we make this whole `` smart girl ^ tm '' a thing ? 
   you 're right , quality content is a picture of a girl 's ass with the title `` this is sweden '' / s, 
  no that 's a shitpost, 
   if the title had been `` this is < first name  < last name  , space agency veteran of 20 years who < x  , < y  , and < z  '' , would you be circlejerking / r/no _ sob_story [ 1 ] ? 
  that would also be a shitpost . 
   if it 's not quality content for this subreddit , why is it one of the top posts and gilded ? 
  because people upvote shitposts . 
  the fuck is this even supposed to mean ? 
  ahhh now i get it, 
  why does it cause cancer despite not being smoked ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  the ukrainian conflict is plastered all over the media, 
  i 'm a mexican with spanish ancestry , i 'm more spanish than any of these guys are scottiish or irish , and if i were underaged i would have a right to spanish nationality ( my uncles have it , and so will my mom ) , but i would feel like a complete prick if i called myself spanish , and never in a million years would i dress [ like this ] ( http://www.artesaniaasturiana.com/udecontrol_datos/secciones/127.jpg ) . 
  this whole `` muh heritage '' ism is absolutely ridiculous , i 'm born and raised in mexico and my culture is mexican , a child of immigrants in spain is more spanish than me . 
  jesus that tackle was brutal , what the hell was she thinking ? 
  france did n't get its ass kicked in ww1, 
   it is a stereotype that exists across europe . 
  i have n't heard it in spain , despite the fact that spaniards do n't like the french , maybe it 's because half of europe has been invaded by france ... 
  hamas is sunni , are you thinking of hezbollah ? 
  as a mexican there 's no bigger culinary pleasure in life than drinking coke from a glass bottle while eating tacos from a street cart, 
  those games are famous because of the quality on the field , not their intesity, 
  ehh , maybe mexican-americans , but as a mexican i must say that the only person i know that regularly goes to church is my grandma , and among my peers very few are actually religious , in fact i get the impression that americans are more religious than mexicans : we do n't have many people wanting to end secularization of public schools , we do n't have creationists ( mainly because the catholic church accepts evolution ) , and i 've probably only met one person that wanted to stay a virgin until marriage . 
  i do n't know about rugby , but elite women 's socer teams like germany and sweden have been beaten , badly , by teams made up by teenagers , and to be frank i 'm not going to start following objectively worse athletes just to be egalitarian . 
  what 's missing in that quote is what happened to the cpi and real wages ( just because nominal wages increase it does n't mean that real wages will ) . 
  taxi drivers all over the world are one of the best examples of regulatory capture around , i for one i 'm glad that uber is putting them out of business . 
   is it the same throughout mexico or does it vary regionally ? 
  there is some regional variation , with the baj\u00edo region ( central-western mexico ) being the most religious one , but i think the biggest variation comes from social class , in my experience ( i do n't know if this actually coincides with reliable data ) both the very poor and the very rich are more religious than the middle class . 
  the rules are made to favour incumbents and discourage entrants to the industry , fuck the rules . 
   the regulations on taxi companies force them to do things that are not profitable , like service every area of a city 24 hours a day . 
  those can be perfectly porfitable if you let them charge extra , no need to introduce silly regulations . 
  this is more interesting than yet another robin williams picture, 
  then if it 's in the public 's interest that those special areas get taxi services you could subsidize a part of the fare, 
  you 're missing the `` usa at the 2026 world cup final '', 
  which fuck up the entire industry , not unlike killing a fly with a sledgehammer, 
  calm yer tits , it 's not like i killed him, 
  subsidies are n't regulations , moreover regulations are n't inherently bad : regulations intended to stifle competition ( like medallions ) are inherently bad . 
   so have fun when a uber driver without passanger crashes into you and neither insurance covers it . 
  huh ? 
  why would this be any different than a regular driver crashing into you ? 
  or they will start charging you more for insurance ... 
  who said i liked those subsidies ? 
  i said '' if it 's in the public 's interest that those special areas get taxi services '' , i never said that i would personally approve of that, 
  or as a mexican commenter called him : tony cruz, 
  the fucking article is so annoying , it has three different videos and all on auto play , why would you do that ? 
  i said this before in another discussion : if you can have a penis , testicles , beard , and no desire to undergo surgery to change any of that and stille be as much of a woman as someone with a vagina and tits then what 's the point of even having the labels of `` man/male '' and `` woman/female '' in the first place ? 
  i know nothing about programming so maybe i that 's why i do n't get it , but it seems like a perfectly polite conversation, 
   and at kearney lost out big time .
