  imo there are a lot of people more enamoured with the idea of playing rugby ( and showing off ) than with actually playing the game . 
   egalitarianism as nationalism ? 
  his reasoning is that a true egalitarian would care more for world equality than for national equality, 
   like ; how little attention to your surroundings and the people within them do you have to be paying to think france and germany are culturally closer than east and west texas ? 
  did he eat any food ? 
  did he go into a shop ? 
  a bar ? 
  did he talk to people ? 
  did he watch the television ? 
  hear the music ? 
  he says he was studying in both places , in my experience american exchange students only hang out with other americans , so i doubt he experienced the local culture all that much . 
  is he complaining about it ? 
  he just seems to be hopeless and asking for help . 
  someone just spent 100 dollars to make a stupid joke, 
  that if you were to calculate a gini coefficient for the whole world it would be lower than in previous years , or at least that 's what i think they mean . 
  but the poor have got less poor :, 
  those are some legitimate motives for the ukrainians having done that , however the evidence points strongly towards the rebels : one of the rebel leaders bragged about downing a plane on that day ( the malaysian plane was the only plane downed that day ) and even posted photos of the crash site from afar . 
  who says i did ? 
   what nobody discusses is value capture . 
  what is uber 's source of sustainable competitive advantage ? 
  what unique capabilities do they have ? 
  if the business is worth hundred of billions , why do n't we see others entering to compete for a share of it ? 
  why do n't suppliers ( drivers ) bargain for a greater cut ? 
  this is straight-up mba 101 content , porter 's forces type stuff . 
  completely agreed , this seems to be getting ignored whenever discussing uber , are the barriers to entry high for any uber competitors ? 
  i do n't think so , what would prevent a rental car company like hertz from branching out into uber territory ? 
   network effect . 
  once everyone uses the same app , it becomes a lot harder to persuade customers and drivers to use another service that has less support . 
  what would prevent someone from using both apps at the same time ? 
  it does n't really take much of an effort to download two different apps . 
  i do n't think this is comparable to g + and facebook since things like adding contacts , updating profiles , sharing stuff , etc actually take some effort . 
  let 's say i download the uber app , what do i lose by downloading a competing app and checking if they charge lower rates or if their cars are closer to me ? 
   well , what is the point of downloading two apps , filling out two profiles , giving credit card information out twice . 
  because a competing app may offer a better rate , this is like checking different airlines for cheaper tickets or different online stores for lower prices . 
  mayeb he dleted them himself ? 
  sounds like my kind of guy !, 
  except that population growth is diminishing and as countries get richer it actually starts reversing . 
  but this is implicit consent , at no point do you actually ask to fuck them . 
   to me , not saying anything and just guessing makes it a rather anxious experience . 
  i imagine you only have to guess if you 're fucking someone hyper passive . 
  if you 're having sex with someone normal it 's obvious . 
   the only reason he returned is because he could n't go to chelsea . 
  what i 'm wondering is how the hell he did n't know he could n't play there before signing with them ? 
  it 's also santiago and jacobo ( for example `` el camino de santiago '' is called `` the road of st james '' in english ), 
  hopefully the next kak\u00e1 !, 
  hey that second one is asturias !, 
  btw does the asturian word `` h\u00f3rreo '' come from horreum ? 
   seriously , if someone can repay the loan , they do n't need a co-signer . 
  eh , it depends , i 'll have to get a loan in order to pay for grad school , and my dad will co sign it , it does n't mean that i wo n't be able to pay for it after finishing . 
  no , but in europe education is much cheaper so my debts wo n't surpass 5000 euros , moreover i 'm not studying some crap like women 's studies or underwater basket weaving . 
  it 's too local , outside of monterrey nobody gives a shit, 
  pffff , i 'm mexican , but this rivalry pales in comparison to argentina-brazil-uruguay , england-germany , etc, 
  economics , and i plan to go for a master 's in international economics, 
   they may make more than bill gates in say two years . 
  they make more than him in one year , unless bill gates is getting 100 % return on his assets, 
   and a big ass fence keeping the other team out , 
  [ does n't seem to be working all that well huehue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_ethnicity_in_the_united_states#mediaviewer/file:census-2000-data-top-us-ancestries-by-county.svg ), 
  eh , major sports events are usually money wasters , they are only profitable when most of the infrastructure has been already built , which wo n't be the case for russia , so it 's probably better for their economy if they do n't host the world cup . 
  the us could be great hosts , though they hosted it relatively recently , i would like the world cup to be held in england or maybe spain . 
   the human development index ( hdi ) is a composite statistic of ** life expectancy ** , education , and income indices, 
  i do n't think you have any idea of what you 're talking about , moreover , spain has all the stadia and some of the best transport infraestructure in the world ( in fact , spain has too many airports and high speed rail lines ), 
   strip 'em of their citizenship and send them somewhere more in line with their ` values ', 
  why should these people be stripped of their citizenship ? 
  does the us do that to its own criminals ? 
  is it even possible to strip someone ooff their citizenship as a punishment ? 
   treason is treason , and it used to carry the penalty of death . 
  does being a racist religious fanatic prick constitute treason ? 
   i do n't know if it 's possible or not . 
  anyone ? 
  i can only speak from the mexican constitution ( which is based on civil law like the french one ) and it 's not possible to strip someone of mexican nationality ( though you can definitelys trip someone of certainc itizenship rights ), 
  well if she likes it and is n't hurting anyone then what 's the harm ? 
  i suppose so , it 's just that it seems like mean spiritied criticism rather than genuine curiosity . 
  i ca n't even wrap my head around what he 's trying to say, 
  people being triggered triggers me you trigger triggerer of my triggers, 
  i sometimes call myself one to make leftists butthurt, 
  it 's the same rulethat 's in place for `` politically incorrect '' humor : you can make fun of everything except the things that offend me . 
   but too many immigrants and too low a population density always get cited as why usa ca n't have healthcare and why sweden can . 
  this does n't make any sense : countries like canada , brazil and australia are all low density countries with diverse populations with universal healthcare , if these people diasgree with universal health care that 's fine , but at least use proper arguments, 
  imo barcelona 's beach is nothing to write home about , san sebasti\u00e1n on the other hand ... 
  i hope real madrid becomes his chelsea , 
  guess i 'm spoiled by mexican beaches, 
  each to his own i suppose , 
  all the way to a black president !, 
  looks like switzerland !, 
  why would they do that given that the towers never actually existed and were just a hologram all along ? 
  checkmate government shill, 
  yeah it 's like she 's saying `` oh look at how i 'm totally not mad , in fact i 'm not so mad i 'm even using passive aggressive language to talk to you , did i forget to tel you i 'm not mad ? '', 
  even if you 're paying rent you have to do chores , it 's not like your rooma mates would wash your dishes and clean the apartment for you if you were living away from your parents ' home, 
  this depends on why the price of tickets has fallen : the price of tickets could fall due to a fall in the demand for tickets and what / u/vanofantasma said would happen , if the price of tickets falls due to an increase in supply of flights ( for example , a reduction in fuel costs ) then it may increase the demand for flight attendants . 
  edit : check this wikipedia article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/factor_market_%28economics%29#resource_demand, 
  i would like to see you face this frenchman :, 
  i think they did well , the haka is about intimidating the other team , and the french showed they were n't intimidated . 
  his username seems rather ironic, 
  or even worse :, 
   we are fighting for freedom !, 
   own slaves, 
  the thing that bothers me about subs like / r/killwhitey is not that they are offenssive , but that the same people that post and endorse it are the same people asking others to not make jokes about homosexuals , minorities , rape , etc. 
  you ca n't be `` edgy '' and then whine when somebody mocks your sacred cows . 
  what a dumb title , she is 54 now , not when the pphoto was taken , it could have been taken 10 years ago for all we know . 
  [ this is relevant ] ( http://seemikedraw.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/predators.gif ),
