  minor correction , burritos are mexican , it 's just that they 're more popular in the us than in mexico . 
  this list reads more like the author is trying to tell women what they want to hear or telling them what he does n't care about rather than most men do, 
  he provided sources for his statements , can you provide sources for yours ? 
   yes , i can . 
  i 'm currently doing my master 's in middle eastern studies & international security , and if you bothered to read my syria paper , all of the sources are linked . 
  calm down son , you did n't provide them originally , thanks for providing them now . 
  come one man his meme was n't that bad, 
  do n't worry the photo is probably photoshopped, 
  personally i 'm pro-cancer , so i downvoted that post, 
  it 's nice to see how shitposting can bring together both pro-cancer and anti-cancer people, 
  weird considering all the cubans there, 
  lol butthurt, 
  yeah , austrians pride themselves on their logic , but this is such an elementary mistake . 
  who says that you need to be planted in the soil to be a tree ? 
  who says you need to have leafs to be a tree ? 
  anyone who identifies as a tree is a tree, 
  not at all , in reality dealers do n't care about maximizing their commission , instead they are actively working to keep women down because they 're just evil like that . 
  yes , i believe we should have a list of banned websites with the likes of alternet and business insider there . 
  you should marry a polish girl and get mcszczesny as a surname, 
  then you should look at the guy eating bugs with his ramen, 
  even if there is n't a cover how do you pay for your drinks or your taxi back home ? 
  if you have one then ca n't you go to an atm or pay the cover with that ? 
  if we are only speaking of sex i fuck 1 in 20 girls i approach , or 95 % rejection rate , if we do n't count just make outs as rejections then the rate would be something like 70 % . 
  btw i 'm tall , reasonably sociable and not ugly . 
  you only need to shop once a week , and cooking does n't need to take that long, 
  yo skrill drop it hard, 
  you should play on reddit servers , we 're usually very cooperative for that sort of stuff, 
  i played in the european server , and we cooperated in 2012 to get merasmus, 
  is it a europe server ? 
  i do n't get the whole apples thing, 
  funny thing is that mexican-americans are more sensitive about this sort of stuff than actual mexicans . 
   this is how i 'm feeling ... also that americans have worcestershire sauce at all is pretty mind-boggling . 
  worcestershire sauce is pretty common i think , at least in mexico most restaurants have it . 
  you know much much less about mexico than you think you do . 
  `` hispanic mexicans '' are n't a homogeneous group , mexico has criollos , castizos , mestizos , mulatos and indigenas , mexico is much more diverse than what americans think , and there 's a long history of marginalization of some of these groups by other mexicans and europeans . 
  interesting suggestion , do you know the prices for non-eu nationals ? 
  i ca n't seem to find them on the web page . 
  damn , now that 's cheap , seriously considering applying there now . 
  how does the m1 and m2 system work ? 
  in spain most master 's degrees are one-year programmes , and then you 're done . 
  do you have to do two years in france ? 
   if you can afford it, 
  the problem is that i 'll have to take out student loans with a 9 % interest rate at least , just to pay for tuition , and my other university options ( uimp , uc3m and uam ) are n't that bad either , but they are much cheaper . 
  and that 's the lowest i can get , it may get even worse , though the loan would be taken out in mexico which has a higher rate of inflation than europe , so if i start working in europe the real interest paid will be lower than what i owuld pay in mexico . 
  thre is the downside that salaries in europe are generally lower than in the united states , with some exceptions like norway , switzerland or luxemburg, 
  no you did n't , here 's your comment : `` well , there is ... no , wait ... no , that 's not it ... higher taxes is one , but we also get free health care , and good trains and buses . 
  and we do n't treat our prisoners like crap, 
  let 's re-cap :, 
  1you said that there were n't drawbacks except for higher taxes, 
  2then i said one of the draw backs was having a lower salary, 
  3 then you quoted the minimum wage, 
  what was the point of giving minimum wage data when i said that salaries in general are lower ? , the minimum wage is just that , a minimum , it does n't tell you the average wage for the rest of society . 
  god damnit , can people stop calling it `` dia de los muertos '' ? 
  it 's `` d\u00eda de muertos '' there 's no `` los '' in the name of the holiday . 
  if people from the us want to get offended on my behalf they should at least get the name right . 
  definitely , i 've met a few women that complain of not getting attention when travelling through certain countries where men do n't approach women as much . 
  jesus , i do n't understand the stubborness regarding imperial , it 's such an idiotic system of measurements, 
  that 's not how fractional reserve banking works , e.g. 
  imagine a bank with a 10 % reserve requirement , it receives 10 dollars in deposits , gives out 9 in loans and keeps 1 , let 's assume that whoever received the loan pays to someone that then deposits the 9 dollars into the bak , the bank keeps .9 and gives out 8.1 , and on and on , in the end the total value of the loans given out by the bank ca n't be more than 100 dollars , that is its assets , while its deposits ca n't be more than 100 , that is , its liabilities . 
   senator shelby . 
  is this , in the area of economics , something that keynes and tobin and others have espoused over the years at times when you have got high unemployment , to use a monetary tool to stimulate the economy ? 
   ms. yellen . 
  well , tobin and friedman and others have ... 
   senator shelby . 
  what about keynes , too ? 
   ms. yellen . 
  i do not know that keynes actually thought about this . 
   senator shelby . 
  this is gold , for idiots like these the name of keynes has become a dirty word you do n't yourself to be associated with . 
  interesting i had never heard of mexico being called by its name before mexican independence . 
  i know , i 'm mexican , btw there 's not a language called aztec , it 's called nahuatl . 
  it 's just that i had never seen the use of the word mexico referring to all of new spain instead of just mexico city . 
  they are n't necessarily astroturfers , putin 's russia is loved by conspiracy theorists and nutcases in general, 
  hahahah look it 's a seat with extra leg room !, 
  while it 's dumb to do that at least they are n't actively hurting your game like having more spies does, 
   well , it does when they block your level 3 sentry 's field of view, 
  true, 
   and attract every demo and spy around . 
  eh . . if you 're doing you job well you 're going to be attracting them anyway, 
   yes if you make a bunch of money you will be taxed heavily , a million in income or 80 000 a month in pay will net you tax percent of 56,6 . 
  is this marginal oreffective tax rate ? 
  i only drink water at the end of the night and it seems to do the trick, 
   also , do you have to pay to get in to clubs ? 
  how much is a ticket ? 
  clubs sometimes charge a cover , sometimes they do n't , it depends where you live and the kind of club you 're going to ( the fancier it is the more expensive it will be ) , if you 're going to one in particular i recommend informing yourself beforehand so that you know how much they charge . 
   does everyone get in or do you have to be cool and turn up with girls and money or something ? 
  depends on the club , the more packed and exclusive it is the more likely you are to be turned away , i think i 've only ever been turned away once and it was because i was drunk , looking like shit and in a group of only guys that were drunk and looked like shit, 
  definitely adhere to the dress code , you should n't be shitfaced , and preferably go with several girls , however , in my experience you wo n't necessarily have more fun at an exclusive club over a less fancy one, 
   a charity, 
  ehh i would n't call it a charity , these students are notorious in mexico for closing down highways and asking for `` voluntary '' donations . 
  i do n't know exactly what they do with the funds , i just know that they do it through coercive means ( which does n't justify at all what happened to them ), 
  yes but then you could see that he 's balding, 
  women care more than men about height , men only care about it if it 's in an extreme ( dwarf or basketball player ) , something that 's imo the equivalent qould be body weight or body type , which i think dating websites do let you use for filtering, 
  what if they invested half their salary into the market and received average real returns of 7 % per annum ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  but maybe the guy responding does ? 
  2much instagram filter m8, 
  french gdp per capita is similar to germany 's , germany simply has a bigger population and so their total gdp is naturally higher . 
  are you serious ? 
  english has some retardedly easy grammar , the only hard part about the language is knowing how to pronounce words after just knowing them from writing,
