  not because of any phony god 's blessing . 
  but because , i am enlightened by my intelligence '', 
  having seizures because that comment did n't come with a trigger warning, 
  some people just need attention , regardless of whether it 's positive or not, 
  so dreamy !, 
   when you change your profile pic , it gets 10 + likes , all from girls, 
  i just had a huge ego boost, 
  well i think that just because you 're a shit human being in one aspect it does n't mean that you do n't have good , even great qualities in another aspect , you can admire the accomplishments of a great general while still being horrified at the evils of war . 
  ca n't you use google cache to get around the poaywall ? 
  i do it all the time with the economist and financial times, 
  i do n't like the idea of having women getting paid to give me attention nor being surrounded by horny men, 
  i realized that a long time ago , i just come here to see the submissions get completely destroyed in the comments section, 
  man that was a good burn, 
  dumpster diving and sleeping in the cold ? 
  sounds like a good vacation, 
  i got bored within the first paragraph and decided to skim the read until i found this :, 
   you are the reason there are school shootings . 
  looks awful , total face ruiner, 
  why do n't they do gay porn instead ? 
  it probably pays better, 
  i have a hard time relating to people , i have `` friends '' and do go out every weekend but the interactions just seem hollow , i know nobody with whom i empathize and that 's one of the reasons i enjoy this subreddit, 
  i think i 'm just pressuring myself into being social , i feel like i would be wasting my life and opportunities if i just stayed home , and i really do n't know where i could find people whose company i enjoyed . 
  sort of yeah , it 's just strange , like i 'm in a different frequency , i know that feel bro, 
  celts were pretty much everywhere from portugal to turkey and northern italy to scotland, 
  is n't truereddit supposed to be about insightful articles ? 
  why is this blogspam and liberal circlejerk allowed ? 
  why are n't people like you happy with just posting in / r/politics ? 
  i mean , if you want to read articles by blogs with names like `` allthingsdemocrat '' why not just stay there ? 
  why `` spread the word '' outside of that place ? 
  also , you really are overestimating your relevance if you think that your use of the word idiot carries any weight, 
  insightful comment . 
  i think that the problem with allowing low quality articles is that they bring in low quality posters , the sort of people that post on [ / r/politics ] ( / r/politics ) will be attracted to this place if the sort of article that gets posted there is also posted here , anyways , i do n't plan on whining about it , i prefer being proactive and just unsubbing from this place . 
  or check out puush.me , for uploading screenshots with a key combination, 
  yes , i hit ctrl-shift-4 and it gives me a tool to crop a screenshot that is automatically uploaded , the program gives you a link for the image when you do it, 
  is it true that garbage men make good money ? 
   $ 210/day with tonnage incentive and potential weekly bonuses based on performance . 
  this is a huge sum , at least for me , you 're making 4200 dollars a month, 
  ahh just another day in sunny old mexico, 
   only the larger banks that have made bad investment decisions are having trouble posting profits . 
  not necessarily , perfectly solvent banks can be affected by a panic, 
  i suspect that this woman in question does n't actually exist, 
  they claim time and time again to not be a downvote brigade , but if they did n't do it then why was this bot downvoted ? 
  never said you were a virgin , but your story seems to fit way too well into the narratives of the manosphere ( just like those facebook `` fundie '' posts you see on [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) all the time ) , so i 'm inclined to believe that you 're either exaggerating or plain lying, 
  edit : punctuation, 
  that does n't make any sense, 
  by itself it is n't too crazy , it just fits too well for a guy with your ideology , just like it 's so convenient that all those atheists have stereotypical fundamentalist facebook friends, 
  that 's not the point , the point is that people like you link to other subreddits to shit on the content and then claim that you are n't doing that, 
  notice in the chart how exactly the moment that the thread was submitted the comment linked started getting downvoted, 
  i 'm predicting that the most popular choice will be sundresses , anyways , personally i find leather/wet leggings plus high heels to immediately add two points in attractiveness to a woman , and when it comes to body type i find athletic girls to be the most attractive and overweight women the least attractive, 
   would n't that be the same activity based purely on the age of the post ? 
  notice how the peak in score occurs exactly at the same time as the post gets linked on srs , seems like pretty good proof . 
   `` shit on the content and then claim that you are n't doing that [ . ] '', 
  it 's a common claim for srsers to say that they do n't mass downvote the posts that they link , but using that graph ( made by srsers themselves ) clearly proves the opposite , moreover , the posts agreeing with the original post in the comment chain have all got negative scores while posts coming from srs visitors have positive scores , is n't that a bit suspect ? 
  because there 's a perfect negative correlation between the time the link was submitted to srs and the score , i 'm also a regular on this subreddit and i know which types of comments are likely to be downvoted by other regulars, 
  i 'm on my second year of an econ degree and so far both micro and macro classes seem to be in a similar level the more i advance in the degree , if you dominate differential calculus ( you have to be able to derivate on your head almost as quickly as you can add or multiply ) and algebra you should n't have much issues, 
  my micro professor told us that some senior consultants can make upwards of 500 euros an hour , of course that 's the cream of the crop , but still damn ... 
  he 's still pissed off that he 's losing all the traffic coming from this place, 
  she sounds and looks like she 's drunkenly and clumsily trying to seduce you, 
  nonono we all know this is a web 2.0 revolution where hip young people like me are using twitter to bring democracy to their homes, 
  i wonder what his thought process was , like , how could he think that stealing a sandwich in front of someone was a good idea, 
  thanks for saying that , i was feeling dumb for not getting it, 
  this is amazing, 
  the term sounds so discriminatory to me , like saying that all non-whites are the same, 
   if you live in rome in ancient times , a trip to lovely campania takes two days -- not too long but also not really something you can do for a week at the beach . 
  is n't ostia pretty much next to rome ? 
  so much so that it 's considered part of modern rome metro area, 
   in fact , the lead author on a major graduate economic 's microeconomics textbook is part of a group [ 1 ] trying to get catalonia separated from spain due to it 's many issues . 
  catalonian independentism has been going on for a very long time and is unrelated to the current crisis . 
  i ca n't quite see what point you 're trying to make here . 
  similar situation here , i 've been groped cat called and approached by women but i 've never been asked out, 
  like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gk6oojbvwpq, 
  well you asked for my ideal ... 
  i feel like the first time it was posted it was actually funny , but the horse has been beaten so much it 's turned into dust, 
  i 've said it before , but i just come here to see the submissions get torn to shreds in the comments, 
  i used to be much more into the `` cute '' girl next door girls that would get posted into [ / r/gentlemanboners ] ( / r/gentlemanboners ) , now i 'm into trashy , tanned , big titted blondes, 
  i think that guys that lift weights regularly ( i do olympic weightlifting ) are more appreciative of athletic women, 
  finally someone likes opera, 
  mexican here : we use both plastic bottles and cans , where the hell did you only find glass bottles ? 
  clean diet , i lost around 7 kilos in 2-3 months just by fixing my diet, 
  if you take away all the scoailly constructed aspects of womanhood ( wearing skirts , long hair , pink stuff , etc ) what exactly does it mean to say `` i feel like i am a woman '' ? 
   warning graphic, 
  oh thank you !, 
  good on you for helping in making [ / r/gore ] ( / r/gore ) into a family friendly place, 
  let 's show him what we do to them educated boys around here, 
   the west, 
  the west ^ tm the cause of every single problem that has ever happened in the history of the middle east, 
  i do n't know if you 're trying to agree or disagree with me here , i believe that `` western '' countries have cause a lot of problems in the middle east ( like making arbitrary borders that have little to do with ethnicity or religion ) or propping up puppet regimes , however , there is a tendency in the middle east to blame everything on conspiracy theories about `` the west '' or `` zionists '', 
   if you describe yourself as ` curvy ' , you 're probably overweight , unfit and unattractive . 
  well said, 
  i watche very little of it , my imagination simply gets me going better, 
  it is . 
   geometric growth is just another name for exponential growth . 
  i read somewhere that geometric growth is discrete while exponential growth is continuous , am i correct ? 
   if f is exponential in t then t is logarithmic in f. 
  and this is because a logarithm is the inverse of an exponent , right ? 
  would geometric be used when talking about population growth ? 
  turn off , swearing is normal , but it 's simply unpleasant if you do it all the time, 
  thank you !, 
  damn where do you find those friends ? 
  i would also guess that they were n't wearing seatbelts , since the other car did n't have any dead people,
