  or should i just get dirt and f1 during the sales and be done with it ? 
  i play video games regularly but i do n't concern myself with corporate news , why is ea so hated ? 
  sorry for the site in spanish , the price is approx 90 dollars and the brand is dockers, 
  i want a racing game , rally racing is preferred but other types are fine too, 
  was the wall just a big symbol of power or was it actually militarily useful ? 
  what i remember reading from high school history is that the aztec empire was more a federation of city states rather than an empire , was it a type of mesoamerican holy roman empire ? 
  or was it closer to kingdoms like those of france or spain with lower level lords serving the king ? 
  and if men were allowed to have multiple wives too , was there a different prevalence of polygamy between both sexes ( i.e. 
  women being less willing to have multiple men despite it being allowed ) ? 
  [ i need more proof your dog is photogenic . 
  with your shirt off . 
  ( 907l144 ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/xlbhk/so_we_rescued_this_pug_who_turned_out_to_be_very/c5necw3 ), 
  theupdown ca n't stop mentioning her clit :, 
  my ladybits physically twitched . 
  i kind of wish i was capable of having a boner right now . 
  ( 41l1 ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/xlbhk/so_we_rescued_this_pug_who_turned_out_to_be_very/c5nfrbs ), 
  [ can i sit on your fa ... 
  i mean ... 
  can i pet your dog ? 
  and i mean dog in the metaphorical sense . 
  penis . 
  yeah , there 's a whole lot of hotness going on here . 
  i lost my ability to be at all smooth . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/xlbhk/so_we_rescued_this_pug_who_turned_out_to_be_very/c5neys6 ), 
  thread 's full of poop and shitlords , omg why ca n't a guy just go on the internet without being harassed !, 
  when , how and why did the monarchies of countries like sweden , the netherlands , belgium , the uk , etc become effectively powerless ? 
  so normally i do n't wear a belt when doing deadlifts ( except if it 's my max ) and today i decided to wear one for my reps as i was n't feeling entirely confident , long story short , i found it extremely easy to do the weight with the belt and now i 'm wondering whether lifting with a belt is making me work less and thus is the deadlift equivalent of quarter squats , so should i wear it or not ? 
  i 'm currently at level 13 in the french course and a bit past the first half of the course ; at this point the mistakes on the side of duolingo are making the lessons almost undoable , is anyone here having the same experience as i am ? 
  is it a problem exclusive to the french course ( which is in beta ) ? 
  [ proof that the errors are almost daily occurrences ] ( http://imgur.com/jjlve ), 
  i keep going through a cycle where i learn something , forget it , then have to learn it again , and on and on , is there a way of actually keeping the knowledge ? 
  and if the answer is yes , why is it so ? 
  why does n't the moon rotate around the poles ? 
  also , is the rotation of the moon around the earth aligned to the rotation of the earth around the sun ? 
  i keep pairing with people with zero desire to work as a team , and i have nobody to play with , so do you guys know of any good mvm servers in europe ? 
  what i 'm saying is : is n't trade supposed to eb beneficial for both parts involved ? 
  why do we worry about trade deficits ? 
  if we are importing stuff then we must be benefiting from that right ? 
  so i 'm in severely depressed spain and i 'm looking to move to a studio , is it fine to try and negociate a lower price than what is announced ? 
  which percentage can i get away with getting discounted ? 
  ( the ones that i like are studios costing between 265 and 275 euros a mont ), 
  so the ones that i 've liked so far are studios that cost between 265 and 275 euros a month , do you think i could get a lower price by negotiating ? 
  keep in mind that i live in spain and we 're in a big depression after a housing bubble, 
  are the differences in use a result of countries latinizing their alphabet like turkey did ? 
  i come from a warm part of mexico where our rain season is in the summer , when we get those summer rains we also get many hail storms , but never any snow , why is it that it can be cold enough for hail to form but not snow ? 
  i can see the difference between some of these types of growth in examples , e.g. 
  simple vs compound interest , but i 'm interested in clear cut , formal definitions of these different types of growth . 
  why is it that central banks generally have a 2 % inflation target instead of zero ? 
  i welcome technical explanations since i 'm studying economics at university and macroeconomics is my favorite subject . 
  i 'm supposed to be studying for my macro exam right now , and as i was reading the chapter about okun 's law i had this doubt , are n't those two ( active population growth and productivity ) the reason that the relationship between production and unemployment is n't 1 on 1 and thus countries must grow above a certain threshold to decrease the unemployment rate ? 
  as far as i know , university education in the united states is n't provided freely by the government , and neither is it in england ( i believe that universities in the rest of the uk are publicly funded ) . 
  are there economically sound reasons for that ? 
  why do the postive externalities emanating from basic education justify public funding , but the postive externalities resulting from universities do n't ? 
  both were homosexuals , both were prestigious scholars from cambridge , and keynes was pretty open regarding his homosexuality , so why was keynes never subjected to the same treatment as turing ? 
  will it be like in shogun where you do n't have actual acacemies or will it be more like napoleon and empire ? 
  god damnit why are there so many people with disgusting breath ? 
  and i do n't mean just a slightly bad breath from having coffee after having brushed your teeth , i 'm talking about full butthole stink , i was sitting in the bus next to a woman with a child and i smelled a putrid smell , at first i thought the kid had pooped himself , but then i realized the smell came from the woman 's mouth . 
  how fucking hard is it to brush your teeth ? 
  you would n't go out with a butthole covered in shit yet you go out with a mouth smelling like a rotten carcass . 
  fuck you, 
  what the fuck do people that write plurals with apostrophes think they 're doing ? 
  and why the hell do they always do it with the word `` nazis '' ? 
  did n't you learn how to write plural forms ? 
  hey so i 'm balding , and i plan on keeping my hair very short ( whenever i get a haircut i get a very short buzzcut , but then i let it grow for two months or more ) , i was wondering how often you cut your hair to keep it short ( like every three weeks ? ), 
  if gender is something that is socially constructed , how is it that there are people who feel an innate desire to belong to a certain gender ? 
  when should we use one over the other ? 
  for example , if i 'm flying from paris to mexico city the airplane will exit france through the north west and continue that way until iceland , where it will turn south and reach mexico coming from canada or the us , why do n't they just fly south west instead ? 
  did the state try to assimilate them ? 
  did they suffer persecution ? 
  did they have high crime rate ? 
  i suspect that it 's because that money is n't being spent and thus is n't driving up prices , also there is a large amount of unemployed , so they ca n't negociate higher salaries , am i correct in my suspicions ? 
  could the lack of growth in blue collar jobs be explained by the fact that there 's a constant supply of cheap labor that keeps wages down ? 
  i 'm aware that there have been independentist movements in both asturias and valencia , however , they 've never been as strong as the movements in catalonia and the basque country . 
  let me clarify , if the ball touches the goalposts , the ground and then bounces on the goalie before going in , would it be a legal goal ? 
  if so , when exactly does the ball stop being `` live '' when a penalty kick occurs ? 
  when it stops moving ? 
  i know that some people will sugegst i change gyms , but this one is in my student 's residence and i do n't have to pay extra for it , so i would prefer to be able to work in there rather than having to go somewhere else, 
  it is my understanding that , generally speaking , bureaucrats in most countries have high job stability , while making relatively little money , why is that ? 
  i 'm a 3rd year student and on my last year i plan on taking the more `` mathy '' classes offered in my degree and my goal is being prepared for them , i 've already had some brushes with differential equations , linear algebra , optimization , etc , but i have forgotten a big part of that and i barely passed those classes ( they also were n't particularly expansive classes , since those subjects were taught in `` maths for economics '' classes ) , would a book like this one be good for my goal ? 
  http://www.amazon.com/mathematics-content-methods-meaning-dover/dp/0486409163/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&qid=1383159104&sr=8-2&keywords=kolmogorov , can you recommend me another book ? 
  was al - andalus mostly tolerant for much of its history ? 
  only at times ? 
  never really tolerant ? 
  the gist of it is that if in a movie , book , etc there are no women talking alone about a subject that is n't men then it 's sexist , so i decided to check out srswomen and see if they passed the test , currently 5 out of 25 threads on the frontpage pass the test . 
  edit : and if i used the sort of mental gymnastics that they use i could probably say 3 more are about men . 
  are there any precedents of countries seceding from another country while maintaining their places in international bodies/free trade zones/etc ? 
  were they more tolerated ? 
  were they forced to integrate ? 
  leaving aside the toxic effects of `` too big to fail '' banks for society in general , do the stockholders of the banks themselves benefit from having an implicit guarantee of being saved by the government ? 
  does it matter if they 're small or big stockholders ? 
  edit : my intuition would tell me that they benefit from them , but i read thsi article that claimed the opposite : http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304765304577480743265772620, 
  i 'm currently studying economics at a spanish university , and the average grade for my degree is a 1.65 ( using the 4 scale ) , i 've seen a lot of posts here where it 's said that a 3 is a minimum for grad school in the us , so i 'm wondering if that 's due to grades being inflated during undergrad or if it 's a result of american universities being more selective that spanish universities ( for example , i can enter a master 's program at my university by only having to finish my degree ) ? 
  it is well known that ancient greeks engaged in homosexual acts and pederasty , what do conservatives and extre right wingers in greece say about that ? 
  do they just keep silent ? 
  for example , i look at this video and while the girl is pretty hot i do n't find the dancing itself to be sexy at all , it just looks vulgar : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju6iiwukowi, 
  i 'm under the impression that economies of scale refer to costs of production , while increasing marginal returns refer to how much we can produce when increasing productive factors , however a professor told me they were the same thing , so now i 'm curious to know if he 's right . 
  one of the most popular arguments against legalizing prostitution is that doing so will increase exploitation of women ( male prostitution seems to be ignored ) , but what has happened in countries that have legalized prostitution like new zealand and germany ? 
  was there a change in the statistics of trafficked women after the legalization of prostitution ? 
  are there studies showing if loosening gun regulations in an area decrease crime ? 
  what about the opposite ( tighter regulations decreasing crime ) ?
