  but still , it 's motherfucking new york !, 
   you 're not going to get mathematical proof that booth babes are bad for the industry, 
  marketing research is there for a reason you know ? 
  how does nike know if doing x is better for their brand than doing y ? 
  they make surveys , they look at sales figures , they compare their results with alternatives , etc, 
  whenever i see this i wonder what they are actually calling `` death and rape threats '' , are they serious threats to cause harm ( e.g. 
  we have your address and we 'll rape you ) or are they just 4chan comments ? 
   market research is n't `` real , tangible , undisputable proof '', 
  it does n't need to , but there 's a mid point between `` real tangible indisputable proof '' and making shit up, 
   predicting future trends is a matter of having the best guess possible . 
  and how do you make it if not by researching ? 
  social research is n't perfect , but it 's good enough to support the assertion that x tool in marketing causes y effect , if we do n't have evidence for our assertions then we 're just pulling stuff from our asses, 
   and of course market research is n't going to be available to the general public . 
  the alternative to not having proof for your point is n't to argue without proof , but to keep an open mind and look for evidence before speaking, 
  perhaps i 'm wrong , but my video seems to directly contradict your claim, 
  this one plus citizen kane for me, 
  but remember that you ca n't rob banks 8 hours a day 5 days a week , a more convenient metric would be to see how many bank robberies are feasible in a year, 
  i truly honestly like the way the word `` cunt '' sounds like , it 's probably my favorite english word , also , `` muppet '', 
  you just flail your arms around and push for a couple of secs and there 's lots of shit talking before and after, 
  i like jimmy rustling but it 's slowly going the same way as all other memes, 
  true true, 
  in what way do you mean ? 
  in popularity with the opposite sex ? 
  i do n't think she exists , men do n't go batshit crazy in that way, 
  seriously , who can blame her ? 
  and he is n't even handicapped !, 
  nice, 
  it 's also about the family , i would n't like the idea of some student playing with a family member 's dead body, 
  so we should discourage people from donating their bodies to science ( which , as far as i know , is in great demand ) instead of discouraging med students from acting like children around the bodies ? 
  sounds like a reasonable course of action ... 
  i made a subreddit for kin jong il but i 'm the only subscriber ; _ ; / r/groriousreader, 
  jesus , why are women so passive aggressive ? 
  i meant the part about the original bitchy comment, 
  ye but mine is for people who got banned from [ / r/pyongyang ] ( / r/pyongyang ) for loving glorious leader too much, 
  when it comes to strategy i really like the total war series , basically you have a campaign turn-based map and real time battles : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkyjwacebvc&amp;feature=relmfu, 
  it 's amazingly good and it has definite improvements on empire , it adds several extra campaigns ( italy , spain , egypt and grand campaign ) and battles ( waterloo , trafalgar , borodino and more ), 
  i love the total war series , and napoleon is one of my favorites , and i 'll have the decency to tell you why : it has all the good aspects of empire ( trade nodes , sea battles , etc ) plus several campaigns ( egypt , italy , spain if you get the dlc and grand campaign ) , it adds attrition feature , it adds resupply of troops feature , and i 'm probably forgetting some , but i really , really liked it, 
  why are you such a meanie ? 
  i 've seen them use cv to refer to resumes though, 
  i 'm gon na link you on srs for corpsism, 
  also i just noticed i wrote worst instead of worse , how shameful, 
  i see that it 's kind of an old game , would it be compatible with my xbox360 controller ? 
  what about compatibility with windows 7 ? 
  how do i get the game ? 
  and now that we 're at it , any recommendations for wheels ? 
  shitting in a bucket ? 
  hey fellas , he shits in a bucket !, 
  well , ooh la di da , mr. french man . 
  where you wearing a hawaiian shirt and a fanny-pack at the time ? 
  should have paid for her gas bro, 
   100 points for stating the obvious . 
  life 's good, 
  that 's every single reddit top post ever , the key is coming early to the thread or riding a popular comment, 
  something similar happens when there 's a publicized suicide and copycat suicides appear, 
  do you believe that the karma system promotes conformism and stifles debate and dissent ? 
  i know that reddiquette means that people have to upvote absed on quality , but it seems like the upvote system only serves for voting things people agree on . 
  i prefer natural tits but i love all kinds of boobs , small , big , natural and fake , except for fat people boobs , those are gross, 
  i grew up in mexico and i 've never seen anything like that in my life, 
  my cousin had a psychotic attack after smoking weed ( yes the day after smoking it like crazy , plus she was a regular smoker ) and as far as i know she had n't shown symptoms before nor is there a notable history of mental illness in my family, 
  it 's a trap ... 
  be sure to wear them with a neon wife beater , fanny pack , new balance shoes and some sunglasses, 
  i think it looks good , maybe you should roll your sleeves up a bit more ? 
  why ? 
  is dockers bad quality ? 
  or are there even better brands for that price ? 
  there were n't enough monster trucks and flashy lights, 
  true , americans act so nice that they even appear to be faking it, 
  more like american redditors and sweden, 
  i 'm definitely srious about it , and i would appreciate it a lot, 
  i 've already messaged the other guy with a key , thank you, 
  thank you very much, 
  similarly in mexico , foreign sounding names ( yes , even johnson and smith ) sound rich , because , generally speaking , the descendants of european immigrants tend to be richer than the indigenous inhabitants, 
  seems like a rather odd turn on, 
  [ / r/firstworldanarchists ] ( / r/firstworldanarchists ), 
  [ a guy just gifted me a copy of dirt 3 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shouldibuythisgame/comments/vjvx4/should_i_buy_dirt_3/c55800h ) , perhaps not the best , but holy shit that was awesome . 
   2 ) referencing things from geeky pop culture is n't the same as making a solid joke about it . 
  half of the jokes in reddit are like that though, 
  oh i agree , i come here for the content aggregation/minor subreddits with good content , not for the humor, 
   massive amounts of all three religions in the areas . 
  in architecture , sure , but not when it comes to religion , islam in spain is rather rare outside of immigrant/convert communities , same for judaism, 
  nope :, 
  freedom of speech and dealing illegal drugs are n't equivalents, 
  america is literally hitler, 
  ctrl-f `` petty '' and `` execution '' , zero results found, 
  perhaps we 're delving a little further away from the original post , and my previous post consisted only on an assertion from my part ( my bad ) . 
  personally i believe freedom of speech to be the most precious of all freedoms so i still think that punishing someone for it is worse than punishing a drug dealer ( especially since a drug dealer is just someone trying to profit ) , however , i still would fault someone for knowingly breaking free speech laws in a foreign country , e.g. 
  i know that if i go to germany and deny the holocaust i 'll be punished , and as idiotic as their laws may seem to me i still would be at fault for doing that . 
   but it 's no more anyone 's right to control what goes into our bodies than it is to control what comes out of our mouths . 
  the guy is n't being convicted for consumption ( `` what goes inside into our bodies '' ) he is being convicted for selling , sale and consumption are n't the same issue ( e.g. 
  i ca n't sell my services as a doctor as i 'm not formally trained for that , though i have a right to receive medical services ), 
  human rights do n't depend on opinions , there 's an actual definition of what a human right is and is n't in the un declaration of human rights , however i believe that putting crap into your own body should be a human right, 
   it 's an article 3 ( right to life ), 
  does this right exclude executions for a crime ? 
   article 5 ( torture or cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment ), 
  he is n't being tortured , degraded nor being treated inhumanly ( kind of vague , is n't it ? ), 
  by being executed, 
   i hope you 're being sarcastic and do n't seriously believe that there is n't a human rights issue here . 
  do n't use this crappy underhanded debate tactic with me . 
   he 's dealing something that 's illegal because society is afraid of its harm if used a certain way, 
  change the word drugs for anything else also considered harmful and you 'll understand the flaw in your equivalence ( say , dealing with weapons , exotic animals , explosives , etc ),
