  [ no downvotes on my part ] ( http://imgur.com/lhg4v ) , but if you 're getting so buttfrustrated over imaginary internet points then it is quite apparent that you take the internet too seriously , thus i must leave this silly discussion, 
  tbh i get screamed at too when jogging on the street , and i 'm not fat at all , i think some people just like to be dicks, 
   too immature for that and continue playing games, 
  well tbh , if a girl canceled on me 3 times ( regardless of the reason ) i would assume that she is n't interested and i would stop wasting my time with her , why do n't you ask him out ? 
  dumb question , do different types of hypertrophy look different ? 
  i 'm an olympic lifter and i notice that i can lift much more than people who look buffer than me, 
  we 're going to hack him !, 
  oh man i 'm awful spy but i feel like stabby when i go to those servers, 
  thank you , what is the `` ecliptic '' ? 
   first of all , crime is a lot rarer ( at least in australia and the uk ) than most people think . 
  why do so many crimes go unsolved ? 
  ahh maybe i misread that , i thought that crime occurred rarely in relation to the amount of police officers, 
  ahhh i see, 
  hood rats in mexico carry spongebob backpacks, 
  yeah , on the very first party i went to in spain , i got offered to `` ir de putas '' by a friend of a friend, 
   i 'm 31 ( not in a big city either ) and i 've never had more options or better luck with the opposite sex . 
  i wonder if it 's the same for women of that age, 
   danarchist, 
  you totally do n't have an ax to grind here ... 
  i 'm a native spanish speaker , so i understood clearly, 
  why does this `` tom cruise '' have a downvote while the other ones have several upvotes ? 
  did someone go : '' haha 3 times tom cruise is hilarious , but the fourth time is just stupid '', 
  it 's not dickish if you were n't in a relationship with the other chick tbh, 
  but not the tag teaming she wanted ... 
   estilo flexibilizar despido, 
  it was reconverted into a cathedral though, 
  never seen that in spain, 
   i ca n't learn a new language for each little trip . 
  this alone , will help you out , just learn to say `` excuse me , i do n't speak your language , can you help me ? '', 
  and you 'll be good, 
  45000 peoss is around 4000 dollars btw, 
  seems like a bizarre question , anyways , yeah there 's a very small muslim community in chiapas, 
   several countries ( worldwide ) are higher . 
  well the us is in the top ten in all of these lists : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita , and the countries above it have nowhere near the population of the usa, 
  well , france is wealthier ( on a per capita basis ) than germany and the uk , both very protestant countries , the wealthiest part of germany ( bavaria ) is catholic , luxembourg is a catholic country , switzerland and austria are also catholics . 
  this hypothesis does n't seem to hold . 
  that 's not your area of research sir . 
   but was n't macedonia just the name for northern greece at the time ? 
  no , they were n't considered greeks at the time , however , ancient macedonia is now largely within the borders of modern greece . 
   i thought i read something a while back about greece being pissed that the modern country macedonia named itself macedonia because that was a greek name . 
  they are indeed pissed because of that, 
  honestly i think there 's something broken inside me , and i dunno if should just kill myself as i feel like i 'm physically unable to be happy, 
  i stand corrected then, 
  i dunno , i 've had several bloodtests done , and i 'm taking antidepressants, 
  go to major subreddits and sort by new threads , post in every single one you see, 
  this shop gave me cancer, 
  not your regular scum , but * trespassing * scum, 
   actually snorted some blow with her in 11th grade . 
  is hard drug use actually normal in us highschools ? 
  you know he 's legit because he spells his name with a k, 
  huh , i would have thought that the opposite is true, 
  as for the first one , you should read on this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy , also , as technology and automation increase we 'll be able to produce more so the amount of money we 'll spend will go down , so we 'll have more money to spend so that 'll create more opportunities for work , ( e.g. 
  the richer you get the more tasks you can delegate to others , if i were richer i would get someone to wash my clothes instead of doing it myself , or someone to cook , or clean , etc ) . 
  second one : first of all not all resources have to be material resources ( knowledge is a resource , for example ) so you can increase output without increasing the amount of physical materials used , moreover just because material resources are finite it does n't mean that they 're close to being depleted or that there are n't alternatives that we can use ( e.g. 
  we can use nuclear energy instead of coal energy ), 
   why is that ? 
  well i imagined poor people having lower levels of education would make them more likely to use drugs . 
   almost every conflict in human history has these sorts of economic dimensions to them , so perhaps it is more accurate to say that while specialization has yielded great benefits it has also creates at least the risk of generating great costs which potentially could extinguish itself at some point ( wwiii ) . 
  could you please explain more clearly how exactly it is that specialization of labor causes wars ? 
   however as the level of automation increases the amount of labor by humans needed to maintain it will continue to reduce itself . 
  it is entirely possible that at some point in the not so distant future the only jobs available will be that of salesmen endlessly peddling baubles back and forth . 
  while this does maintain the traditional ` work ethic ' it is hardly efficient . 
  [ no ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy ), 
  por que conformarnos con 7 % ? 
  por que no chorrocientosmil ? 
  honestly i ca n't get pissed when they manage to pull it off so well, 
  a milli a milli a milli ... 
  that 's a hard on of rage, 
  i clicked your username thinking you were a novelty account ... 
  well colombia is n't a university , but a country you silly goose !, 
  yes , it 's not the fault of the racists that harassed the kids in his neighborhood , nor the fault of the rapists of his sister , it 's the system !, 
   if you have a country where there is little or no opportunity for upward mobility for a certain group of people . 
  well , obviously the rational response is to rape a woman right ? 
  [ milton friedman 's view on this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd0dmrj0owg ), 
  could you please link to a post in [ / r/mensrights ] ( / r/mensrights ) where that was the response ? 
  i 'm not gon na hold my breath, 
  i do n't think that there 's a magic phrase that will get you laid , make an effort to look good , approach women and learn how to flirt, 
  i remember reading of several economists ( krugman included ) that criticized the euro from the start , the idea that having fixed exchange rates ( which is what the euro is in essence ) is generally bad is not new nor controversial, 
  add to that the fact that labor in europe ( due to language and cultural barriers ) is n't as mobile as american labor . 
   i 'm really trying to get economics , trying not to just write it off as ad-hoc shooting from the hip nonsense , but these kinds of contradictions that seem very basic make it exceedingly difficult . 
  when you 're dealing with macro economics ( not micro ) you 're dealing with an absurd amount of variables and complex equations , add to that the `` animal spirits '' that guide some of our decisions and you have extremely difficult and self contradicting explanations for phenomena . 
  i 'm only at the undergrad level of economics ( an so it may be due to my ignorance ) , but the article did n't make much sense to me either . 
  use una throwaway y cubrete la cara y ya, 
  well if every day i say it 's going to rain , i 'm bound to be right one day ... 
  whe people here ask you to be more specific they are n't doing that to be dicks , they are doing that in order to give you a good answer, 
  merienda *, 
   adding that he had been using the disabled parking spot for three years . 
  great defense there buddy, 
  it 's like it 's 2006 all over again !, 
   motecuhzoma, 
  is this an alternative spelling ? 
  thank you, 
  please do update us regarding the amount of dick pics you get after this, 
  that 's not quite a joke , it 's a mockery of the `` religion of peace '' campaign, 
  props to you , i 'm a guy who 's never been in a relationship , all my sexual experiences have been with random women , and i did n't get much pleasure , do not allow yourself to be pressured, 
  also in spain : you can see the atlantic from the cantabrian mountains, 
  i wanted to upvote you because your comment was good , but i have a rule for downvoting people who bitch about getting downvoted, 
  i agree that it 's silly of people to downvote you for that , but rules are rules man, 
  x action ( objectification ) done by a female does n't count as sexism because we live in a sexist society . 
  how do we know that we live in a sexist society ?
