  do n't be , i 'm mexican and i think this is hilarious regardless of whether this was a genuine attempt at congratiating himself with latinos or if he was doing it as a joke . 
  i think it 's funny in both ways , it can be funny because he 's just so out of touch with hispanics that he thinks that this will make him likeable or it can be funny because he 's doing it ironically and making fun of identity politics . 
  this is only good if you believe that any publicity is good publicity . 
  that may work for reality tv , i 'm not sure if it does for presidential contests in a two-party system . 
  if someone points a gun to your head and makes you sell him your car for 20 bucks are they really purchasing it ? 
  my general understanding is that they make it extremely easy to fire someone while at the same time having a safety net so that employees are n't screwed when they leave a job . 
  i did see it coming , levante at home is kryptonite for atl\u00e9ti , good thing that they 're relegated so we wo n't put up with their shit next year . 
   so extracting information from terrorists is suddenly a bad thing ? 
  let me ask you a question hillary . 
  are you going to just ask criminals for information ` nicely ' ? 
  you think that 'll work ? 
  so you 're admitting that he does support torture ? 
  where 's the debunking ? 
  anyway , one of the biggest reasons why people are against torture is that it violates presumption of innocence , you are punishing someone before you 've even found that person guilty of a crime . 
  how would you feel if you were falsely accused of a crime and you got tortured in order to confess ? 
  do you have evidence that mexico literally has a policy of purposely sending criminals north of the border ? 
  is there an adjustment for economic level in these statistics ? 
  basically : is an illegal immigrant more or less likely to commit a crime than a native that is on the same level ? 
  yes i was thinking the same thing , in the lisbon final the team was gassed and diego costa was out , this time the team can get some well deserved rest while real madrid will be the ones still fighting in the last matchday . 
  casillas was embarrassingly bad in his last seasons and has done nothing but whine wince then . 
  ah so you do n't have evidence for your claim , alright . 
  can i see those maps ? 
  thanks for providing proof , funny how people downvote int his sub if you ask for evidence , anyway i would need to look at the actual pamphlet/map to see what it says in order to form an opinion . 
  i see , people who disagree with you are shills , maybe you should stay in your safe space where people disagreeing with you ca n't hurt your feelings . 
   why do americans get to decide who is and is n't british ? 
  it 's always americans trying to decide who is what nationality and never the people themselves . 
  i 've yet to see an english person say something like this , even groups like the ebglish defence league do n't think like this . 
  i 'm mexican and my home state is safer than places like texas , california , georgia , michigan , illinois , dc , maryland , florida , etc. 
  last time i checked we actually had a similar murder rate to south dakota . 
  why do these dumbasses insist on talking shit about a country they have never even bothered to research ? 
  heh i knew it was going to be el gordo de rosario , bolivianos !!!!!, 
  i love it when colchoneros say stuff like that , i imagine it must be so obnoxious for other teams . 
  en una guerra convencional ? 
  the united states spent most of its history actively disenfranchising non-whites , especially black people . 
  first with slavery , then with jim crow laws and now with less explicit means like drug laws that disproportionately affect black people , is it really too crazy to think that these policies have an effect on the outcomes of black people in the us ? 
  he can still taste uncle flo 's hairy ballsack whenever he kisses her lips . 
   this is my first primary election process , but just because i 'm ignorant to some party rules , does n't make me a low information voter . 
   every single illegal immigrant in the usa is a criminal . 
  ca n't you see the circullar logic here ? 
  and it 's also a false quote , accordig to this one third of all mexicans with aphd live in the us : http://wilsonquarterly.com/quarterly/fall-2014-mexican-momentum/other-immigrants-how-us-lured-away-mexicos-brightest/, 
  i ment false in the sense that what he 's saying is false , not that the quote itself is a fake , my bad . 
  why are you conflting immigrants and cartel members ? 
  yes , a billionaire philantropist is very worried about what some internet reporter has to say about him . 
  he 's not doing it to distract public opinion , he 's doing it because banning gay marriage has been anticonstitutional for almost a year now ( literally one week before the us supreme court declared it anticonstitutional ) . 
  poor institutions basically . 
  now , why does most of latin america have poor institutions ? 
  in my opinion it 's due to the vicious cycle of poor institutions engendering more poor institutions . 
  i believe the cycle started due to the terrible institutions that were created during the spanish colonial period ( caste system mostly ) and which were happily continued after independece by the ethnically spanish elite that inherited latin america . 
  as long as el trumpo does n't promise to make us pay for winrar i wo n't worry . 
  last time there were elections in catalonia the split seemed to be 50/50 . 
  is n't that madrid , then navarra and then the basque country ? 
  hooligan fights in general are idiotic , but to think that these people are fighting for a team named after a soft drink and mansur financial group fc adds an extra layer of absurdity . 
  mexican migration to the us has been neutral or negative for the last 6 years , i really do n't know why people keep havng strong opinions on subjects that they ahve n't bothered to research . 
   ned stark as a bumbeling fool, 
  tbh he was kind of an idiot, 
   `` obama seems to think the presidency is some kind of reality tv show . '', 
  heheh why do i think that the guy saying that is probably a trump supporter ? 
  how high is the unemployment rate for these workers ? 
  is it above the nairu ? 
  fewer, 
  wut , since when are pickles difficult to find in mexico ? 
  i 've never been to puerto pe\u00f1asco but you can find pickles in pretty much any grocery shop . 
  i do n't think they would ban you just for that , they love hving token mexicans there . 
  it was actually spain that invited them to immigrate , mexico banned them from immigrating in 1830 because it , correctly , guessed that the us would want to annex it . 
  tamaulipas is iirc the worst place in mexico when it comes to kidnappings . 
  to be fair trump does have some weirdly tiny hands, 
  the zona rosa is the gay area , i do n't know any bars though, 
  to be fair he did n't go missing , his girlfriend was with him when he was kidnapped so it 's not the same situation . 
  it 's not . 
  iirc just a couple of weeks before that several policemen were killed in guadalajara , one of the policemen that rejected that bribe was in the funeral or soemthing like that . 
  look at his comments down below :, 
  he 's a chairo alright . 
  here 's a column ( in spanish ) if you want to read more : http://www.eluniversal.com.mx/entrada-de-opinion/columna/hector-de-mauleon/nacion/2016/01/25/veinte-minutos-solas-con-el-chapo, 
  maistro de inglish , very bueno, 
  great joke there , paying 80 euros for a shirt , totally going to how them, 
  yeah much better than the other [ reason ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/marcial_maciel ) you 're famous, 
  it sounds like one of the many subgenres ofmetal music , like trash metal or speed metal, 
  to give some context : in mexico the word raza can have different translatiions one is : `` the race '' , but in colloquial terms it means `` the people '' or `` the masses '' . 
   it 's a guarantee that some of these thugs are illegal aliens, 
  source ? 
  on top of that we ( mexico ) could cooperate with you on that by taking in refugees ( we already did that in the 80 's when we took tens of thousands of guatemalan refugees ) . 
  if only republicans were n't so short-sighted about us . 
  how come ? 
  what exactly makes them look like illlegal immigrants ? 
  is it too crazy to think that they are us citizens of hispanic background ? 
  you do n't need to intervene miltarily , you coould grat assylum to venezuelans or send humanitarian aid . 
  you can send humanitarian aid in the form of medicine or donations towards reputable charities like doctors without borders . 
  you can grant assylum by letting people apply for it at the us embassy and then take a flight to the us , i really do n't understand why you 're even talking about ships and your post is kind of incoherent . 
  why are these people obsessed with size so much ? 
  big states , big guns , big drinks , big women , big black cocks , etc. 
  something set from the end of the middle ages to the beginning of empire, 
  guatemalan special forces ( kaibiles ) are scary as fuck, 
  if he loses his virginity to a protitute he 'll gain black magic powers !, 
  or so legend says ... 
   germany is largely a laughingstock , considered by people to be utterly ashamed of anything resembling nationality , pride in german culture , and otherwise . 
  which is one reason why demographically , germany is not just dying , but ca n't even bring itself to regard said death as a bad thing . 
  by whom exactly ? 
  germany is actually the most well liked country in the world : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11226190/the-world-voted-and-the-best-country-is...-germany.html, 
  it 's just their natural state . 
  trump saying that the judge is biased against him because of the judge 's ethnic background is a tacit admission that his platform is indeed hostile to hispanics , and not just against illegal immigrants .
