  yes , i also read the thing we just read, 
  we do in mexico , but only 10 %, 
  i 'm familiar with ad , what model is sras ? 
  oh i know what it is then , i just did n't know that terminology ( i study in spanish so i 'm not always familiar with english terminology ), 
   my grandma was an amazing person and i wish her childhood had been better . 
  at least she ended up having children and grand children that loved her and made her happy right ? 
  right ? 
   shift the demand for your product out to the left , allowing you to raise prices while still selling the same amount ? 
  do n't you mean to the right ? 
  shifting to the left would mean that you have to lower prices in order to sell the same, 
   it 's game theory . 
  it 's precisely the opposite of what game theory says will happen , the situation you describe is n't a nash equilibrium . 
  the light goes green while the guy is in the middle of the road , i suspect that the light for the cars was red the moment he stepped into the street ( a lot of times i cross the street when i see that the light is red for cars ) . 
   i 'm actually not supposed to know about it . 
  oh come on , judging by th way she looks in the video it 's obvious she 's in the sex industry, 
  because it 's not interesting enough to be posted there, 
  man taleb ca n't take criticism at all , his responses look like youtube comment section flame wars, 
  i 've thought about reading his books because they seem interesting , however i 'm put off by his internet craziness . 
  his movies may be cheesy , but is he actually a bad person ? 
  is the child his ? 
  mayeb it was the inmates ? 
  remember that the beatles were the original boy band with vapid lyrics and catchy music . 
  lol, 
  i do n't get it , what 's so strange about the ages ? 
  people that marry in their late twenties have their children in their late twenties and mid thirties , and most people nowadays marry around that age, 
  the point is n't that society views that as acceptable , dumbass , the point is that the women in the video act as if what they 're doing is acceptable and the guy recording them is a pervert, 
  both are weird , the point is that the women in the video act as if only one is weird , capisce ? 
  nonsense , we need a black transexual midget in the white house, 
  ian watkins , a pedophile and frontman of the band, 
  does anyone actually get off to this shit or are these done just to shock people ? 
  same for the engie, 
  it 's a fucking mug with an infinitesimally amusing inscription, 
   i 'd 've, 
  it 's being used wrong in that sentence, 
  why do you own so many dildos ? 
  would n't it suffice with one ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i want to read more about them, 
  alright , thanks, 
  because being mildly annoyed is addictive, 
  i was looking for you , i have you tagged as `` will eat a hat if gaben does an ama '', 
  i do n't get the point of knowingly repostinng content , what do they gain ? 
  but rape = power + oppression , so women ca n't rape , unless it 's a a white woman on a black woman, 
  the tumblrista is probably a mexican american that has never lived in mexico and that is probably more american than mexican, 
  yes , this this this , i 'm more than willing to make quesadillas for my non-mexican friends or buy them tequila shots, 
  man , cops that let you break the law and endanger other people are such chill guys, 
   now if one takes more than econ 101, 
  the feeling i get about a lot of libertarians/conservatives i see discussing economics is that they attended the first week of lectures of an econ 101 class , learned the words `` supply and demand '' and then dropped out of the class, 
  i never said that other political groups were better , in fact , many leftists do n't even understand supply and demand, 
  it 's definitely a good starting point , but it 's not the ultimate argument in economics , and it 's silly to use it as the definitive argument against a minimum wage, 
   monopsonistic competition in the labor market . 
  i can see the justification for having a minimum wage in a particular monopsonistic labor market , but given that some local labor markets in a country will be more competitive , and could in theory have an equilibrium wage below the national minimum wage , would n't a national minimum wage hurt those economies ? 
   almost all of economics comes to supply and demand . 
  sure , but the typical supply and demand model that the average person having these discussions knows is one in which there 's a set of assumptions that do n't hold in the vast majority of markets : perfect competition , perfect information and quick adjustments of prices , in the case of the minimum wage one of the main reasons why it 's advocated is because there is n't perfect competition in many labor markets ( monopsonies ) . 
  btw i am not in favor of having a minimum wage , however , my point is that the debate is more nuanced than simply invoking `` supply and demand '', 
  edit : typos, 
  for what it 's worth spaniards are stereotyped as being dumb in latin america ( see chistes de gallegos ) , there really is n't a particular accent that is seen as sophisticated , but for the love of god do n't learn andalusian spanish . 
  i do n't get it , is n't alcohol free on the plane ? 
  i always drink either beer on wine when flying, 
  they 're making me cringe , i feel like i just bit a lemon, 
  did a bald eagle named `` small government '' cry a single tear after that ? 
  `` her people '' wut, 
  that story has been around for ages , if you 're going to bullshit people at least do it right, 
   true , but then by the same logic since there is n't perfect competition among buyers for producers they should be allowed to pass minimum price laws as well , right ? 
  are those producers in question not producing the optimal amount due to a monopsony ? 
  if so then that 's a justification for price floors . 
   i mean if the issue is insufficient competition , i wonder why people do n't address the root cause more . 
  i agree , i think that the minimum wage discussion is misguided and there are better alternatives . 
  the reptilians , who are actually just jews, 
   if you 're an `` ex-feminist '' you would at least have some names of the people whose work appealed to you, 
  was n't saying `` i believe men and women should be treated as equals '' enough to be called a feminist ? 
  it 's to spanish what scottish-english is to english , impossible to understand even for natives, 
  oh man , that 's the sort of evil fate you do n't wish even on your worst enemy !, 
  get a buzzcut/shave it , and start lifting weights, 
  tan re nacas esas casas, 
  mexican : chorizo , ham , onions , avocado and jalape\u00f1os, 
  he can grab a basketball like i can grab a tennis ball, 
  that means he can grab a basketball like i can grab a marble ... 
  my dad was in the ussr and afaik they had no guide ( though he went with my uncle who was a diplomat there , so i do n't know if regular joes were more controlled ), 
  i 'm having a d\u00e9j\u00e1 vu for some reason, 
  well he was in moscow and st petersburg , so it 's not like he went to siberia or something, 
  see also : melilla, 
  at least in my experience it does happen , i asked out a girl from class that had a boyfriend , we actually hit it off and she introduced me to a normal looking ( nice body , plain face ) friend of hers , with whom i had sex . 
   jeffs blamed it on his followers ' `` lack of faith '' ,, 
  so when he preaches to people he 's actually encouraging them to end the world ? 
  maybe putting him in jail is justified !, 
  i was thinking the exact same thing , like when someone on reddit writes `` as a black man i find this racist joke funny '', 
  still not working for me, 
  thannk you, 
  ugh , can we please stop listening to this idiot ? 
  peter schiff recommending buying silver : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egdnc4p2uem, 
  peter schiff predicting hyperinflation : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au4dxd6dnzw, 
  maybe we could have a huge comment consisting of peter schiff saying stupid shit and just repost it whenever we get one fo these threads, 
  yes , but the question is if `` too much '' is close to a regular dose , i mean , you could use the same argument for cyanide . 
  yes , but you do n't use cyanide outside of a carefully controlled environment with a standardized dose being applied by a professional right ? 
  you do n't simply say `` oh just do n't do too much '' . 
  i am arguing that the `` too much '' argument you quote dodges the question of whether a regular dose of x drugs is too much or not ( i , myself , ignore the answer ) . 
   suppository, 
  a suppository is something you put in your butt , maybe they meant a repository ? 
  or maybe there 's porn of her putting her cunt inside someone 's ass ...
