  call his embassy for him, 
  so sex is about , sticking my oversized clitoris in someone 's un-fused scrotum ? 
  sounds hot, 
  i almost cut myself with the edgyness of your comment, 
  what the hell are you doing here malthus ? 
  you 're a dead 18th century thinker !, 
  you do n't even have computers over there !, 
  what for ? 
  so you can stalk him you microsexual freak ? 
  i dunno , i mean , if they both consent to that then it 's ok, 
  you missed the point entirely , he is n't arguing that this place should have free speech , he is arguing that you should n't call restricted speech free speech, 
  [ yup , all of them had it coming ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_african_farm_attacks ) . 
  [ i 'm sure they were all asking for it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sydney_gang_rapes ), 
  [ this asshole deserved it too . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attack_on_reginald_denny ), 
  how do you know it was a she ? 
  ahh i se , nice to know she was caught, 
  ask the new zealand consulate/embassy, 
  you seem to be forgetting that there was a third place who got 25 % of the vote ... 
  why is it that more women are interested in sex as a lifestyle and area of study ( e.g. 
  there are more women than men in fetlife , there are more female sexoligists than male , etc ) ? 
  what annoys me the most is that it 's inconsistent , as i do n't see that much fuzz made about beheading people in other video games, 
  it would actually be fun to fuck ( figuratively of course ) with with a feminist like that , though pragmatist me would just turn 360 degrees and moon-walk away the moment the words `` i 'm a feminist '' were uttered by a woman, 
  to be hinest he was asked for data by a person who supplied his personal anecdotes too, 
   women and men would have an equally easy time achieving advanced professional status in physical science and engineering ? 
  women are already achieving advanced professional status in the bilogical sciences ( and of course the social sciences ) to the point of over representation , why should engineering be any different ? 
  i come from a country that is considered extremely misogynistic , i have never , in my life , seen someone honestly believe that women are worse than men at math , i keep seeing this stereotype being referenced but i have n't seen real instances of it . 
  fair enough, 
  do me mr. 
  what happened to the women who did n't get a husband as a result of the gender imbalance ? 
  also , was polygyny accepted alongside polyandry ? 
  thanks for the response either way !, 
  in theory , however there is a negative correlation between number of sex partners and how long the marriage lasts ( goes for both sexes , not just women ), 
  perhaps that 's why google + start being invite only ? 
  guys , downvotes ? 
  really guys ? 
  i 've never seen that in spain, 
  francisco franco ? 
  was n't spain pretty much isolated from world institutions like the un until the sixties during the autarky period ? 
   what is true that he hints at is that hyperinflation can not happen without a central bank . 
  what about the hyperinflation in spain after the arrival of massive quantities of gold and silver from the americas ? 
  they can always invest to stay above inflation ( e.g. 
  buy government bonds ), 
  us government bonds are extremely safe and , to the best of my knowledge , they have historically stayed above inflation , if they us defaulted on their debt then you would be screwed regardless of whether you saved money or invested it . 
  there is already a historical precedent of hyperinflation with a monetary system based on precious metals so i 'm not quite sure what the hell you 're getting at here . 
   hyperinflation is complete destruction of the currency , where the currency 's value goes to zero , and the currency needs to be replaced . 
  no , hyperinflation is when the inflation rate is higher than 50 % per month, 
   it also has intrinsic value . 
  no no no , nothing has intrinsic value , gold only has value because we choose to give it value, 
   the inflation would necessarily slow or stop when the supply of gold slows or stops . 
  the supply of gold would slow or stop because as gold loses purchasing power , the profit margin of mining gold diminishes . 
  tell that to the spanish crown, 
   since we disagree on definition there 's not much we can discuss . 
  using 50 % inflation is a convention in economics ( just like a recession is two consecutive quarters of negative growth ) not much room to discuss this , but i think it 's irrelevant to what we 're discussing anyways . 
   however i would like to see your source ( s ) that show  50 % per month inflation in spain . 
  i do n't think that there 's economic data to show a 50 % inflation rate during the 16th century , however the point of using spain as an example is to show that having your currency backed by a physical asset wo n't prevent destructive inflation . 
   what i mean is , even if gold were totally unused as a medium of exchange , gold would still be useful to people as a metal . 
  true , however , i believe forgoing monetary policy in favor of having a currency that would retain some sort of value in a catastrophic hyperinflation scenario is like spending your life savings on a bomb shelter in case of a zombie invasion, 
  my dad verbally abuses my mom and then apologizes the next day , pretty common for abusers to do that, 
  my mom will separate from dad, 
  i love to laugh and have fun , fun is nice, 
  it would be interesting to know how the first chart compares to the relative presence of each gender on reddit, 
  huh ? 
  the mexican desert is n't like the sahara you know , it 's not dissimilar to arizona or new mexico, 
  i would laugh if someone called me a nigger tbh, 
  jew took me by surprise xd, 
  this , this is part of the circlejerk right ? 
  first of all i hope you 're doing well and that the experience did n't leave lasting marks , but i think that if you just laid there , unresponsive , then it is at least sexual assault to be honest , but i suppose that since i was n't there i ca n't tell, 
  you are eerily sounding like one of those feminists that bash traditionalist women, 
  i recommend weightlifitng , it 'll help your self esteem a lot and will improve your looks quite a bit too, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oovcpsoys0y ), 
  i 've lost any faith in humanity, 
  he knew her for 41 days and the he made the thread asking for advice i presume, 
  americanos no , g-r-i-n-g-o-s, 
  wait no no no , getting told you 're fat ( when your country has an overweight population over 60 % , making it a statistical fact not a stereotype ) is way worse than anything you mentioned, 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  i suppose it 's done inconspicuously ( say , drop it like you would drop a coin or keys or something , not some guy dressed as an orthodox jew throwing fistfuls of usb sticks around, 
  i just found out that i 'll be paying 2500 euros this year for university , god damn you rajoy !, 
  i 'm actually a non-european foreigner so those americans can come too and pay the same, 
  i 've seen it framed as an economic exchange : the wife exchanges her fertile years for economic security later in life and a marriage contract is a way of enforcing it, 
  and good ol' anivdelarev , but our english speaking friends would n't get that one, 
  because the rest of your comment is bad ? 
  to me , your comment seems dramatic , sensationalistic and full of buzzwords , supporting ron paul 's ideas should n't be downvoted , but you 're poisoning the well , and thus not contributing to a civil discussion . 
  that 's nice to hear but what about this ? 
  in 1884 , meridian time personnel met, 
  in washington to change earth time . 
  first words said was that only 1 day, 
  could be used on earth to not change, 
  the 1 day bible . 
  so they applied the 1, 
  day and ignored the other 3 days . 
  the bible time was wrong then and it, 
  proved wrong today . 
  this a major lie, 
  has so much evil feed from it 's wrong . 
  no man on earth has no belly-button ,, 
  it proves every believer on earth a liar . 
  personally i 'm interested in buying the book , could you provide the tl ; dr ? 
  also , would it go over my head since i have only finished my first year of an economics degree ? 
  [ do n't say i did n't warn you ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcj7boecpky ),
