  fair enough, 
   and no i do n't consider this subreddit the `` big kids table '' . 
  it 's not , but a lot of of us here wish more people in this subreddit had some familliriaty with the field before commenting , it would elevate the level of debate here, 
  sure , my point is that unemployment as a whole will not increase , and so people being unemployed in one specific industry should n't matter that much ( of course they 'll be temporarily unemployed , and we should help them transition into a new industry ), 
   there 's no guarantee that prices to consumers will be lowered - if there is sufficient demand , those prices will stay put , and those gains will be pocketed . 
  if and only if demand has zero price elasticity will prices not change . 
   how can this be proven ? 
  from a theoretical point of view : let 's imagine that i have a worker thats costs me 100 monetary units , and i replace him by a machine that does his job for free ( unrealistic , but irrelevant assumption , it makes the math easier without affecting the example ) then those 100 m.u. 
  will go to my pocket in the form of added profit , if decide to spend these 100 m.u. 
  then they will go towards aggregate demand , if i decide to save them in a bank account they will also go towards demand in the form of loans . 
  on top of that if we assume that the price elasticity of demand in that market is n't zero ( a very fair assumption imo ) then a producer seeking to maximize benefits will increase its produced amount ( thus lowering prices ) thus creating welfare gains for consumers ( and gains for himself on top of the 100 m.u. 
  that he saved by replacing the worker ) , and those welfare gains will go through the same process that the producer gains went through . 
  from an empirical point of view : look at history , we 've made tremendous advances in automation and so far we 've become much much wealthier without some catastrophe of `` running out of jobs '' happening, 
   increases demand for production , which is increasingly made by automation capital , not labor . 
  it 's irrelevant , the cycle i explained above happens several times , and each cycle increases demand for workers as long as production is n't 100 % automated ( in which case you would have a point , but we are n't there yet ), 
   can you say what is wrong with what he said ? 
  you took all the time making the analogy but i 'm having a hard time understanding how what he said is wrong . 
  demand drives gdp in the short run , so what he is saying is only correct in that circumstance , it 's wrong once inflationary expectations catch up with real inflation, 
  oh wait , yeah i 'm wrong on that part, 
  edit : i 'll elaborate , i was thinking along the way of `` more savings = lower interest rates = more investment = more demand '', 
  oh man those conspiracy theory non-sequiturs make it extrahilarious, 
  take one of this sports driving courses from bmw in a foreign country, 
  sure , actually most times , i suspect it has something to do with circumcision and the less of feeling from it, 
  pro tip : it 's spelled kosher in english , not casher like in french, 
  yay !, 
  finally , thanks mods !, 
  it was n't botched , but i suppose i just do n't feel that sensitive down there , or maybe it 's a psychological thing, 
  those are enmoladas !, 
  not enchiladas , unless mixing enchiladas with mole has become a new thing, 
  spoilers !, 
  the problem is that a company does n't care about what you think as long as they 're making money, 
  lol that was indeed funny !, 
  kill shae three times , she 's the most obnoxious character in the show, 
  i ca n't speak for the uk , but i work as a teller in spain and any bill charged to your account can be immediately refunded by the bank within two months of the charge , no questions asked . 
  is n't the correct translation pourpre ? 
  i agree it 's fake , no defense can be this bad, 
  this is so dumb , what the hell is so cool about letting a vollleyball team charge their phones ? 
  you forgot a third possibility : he is an attention whore trying to stay relevant, 
  go easy on him , he 's a mandril fan, 
  maybe this would be like karim benzema killing someone ? 
  they are begging for some pico de gallo, 
   looking briefly at his wiki page , it says that he was the top scorer for a season and is generally considered immensely strong and talented . 
  he 's talented and strong but he plays second fiddle to cristiano ronaldo , who is considered by some to be the best player in the world, 
  hopefully that will happen , copa am\u00e9rica is way more important than the gold cup , i quite frankly do n't give a shit if we finish dead last as long as we have a chance at winning copa am\u00e9rica, 
  [ cinco a cero  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_concacaf_gold_cup_final ), 
  then you tell them that there 's nothing inherently masculine about having a beard , a penis and short hair and that you can have all of them and be as much of a woman as anyone else that also identifies as such and if they think otherwise then they are bigoted ( and probably rapists ), 
  what ? 
  are you telling me that you do n't just bing ^ tm everything like the cool kids are doing ? 
  is this the same comic whre they pour oatmeal down their diapers ? 
  exactly this has been the usual story for atletico , we sold torres , kun , falcao and costa it 's time for us to recognise that we are one of the big clubs of europe and not some feeder club, 
   unfortunately local authorities are not permitted to donate money . 
  as sad as the disappearance of the club may be i do n't believe that there 's anything unfortunate about private entities not being saved with public money , spain ahs ahad enough ridiculous government expenses already . 
  way too sweet imo , i prefer rspanish wines, 
  fucking us plastics , are n't even willing to suck some anuses like real german fans, 
  your bank does n't allow you to deposit through atms ? 
  eh , companies have many ways of getting around those laws , e.g. 
  in spain temporary contracts are extremely common in low skilled and not so low skilled lines of work , so you hire an employee for a set amount of time , say 6 months , and just constantly renew the contract for as long as you want, 
  6 months was an example , i 've seen 15 day contracts ( i do n't actually know if there 's a legal minimum ), 
  i dunno , i think that first part of the match went well enough and the strategy was going more or less fine until arda 's ( deserved ) red card, 
  man , i can imagine you , just stewing for 8 days , waiting , to finally show that one guy on the internet he was wrong, 
  hopefully in the final !, 
  from his comments :, 
   did you apply to any universities for the fall semester ? 
  fall applications just finished . 
  you could try reapplying as a freshmen again to uni and just dumping the last 3 semesters of college completely . 
  just say you took a gap-year for 2 years to travel or some bs and reapply if your gpa is really that bad . 
   or you could try transferring into a cc and just keep the credits that you 've earned . 
  there is no rush . 
   edit : holy mother of downvotes . 
  come at me bros , ut austin student here , i 'll fight all you nubs . 
  in my experience all of the us tourists i 've met in spain have been nice enough people , not one was obnoxious or rude . 
  7 % is the historical real ( discounting inflation ) annualized rate of return for the sp500, 
  i think his jokes are pretty good , but his delivery is obnoxious, 
  yep , along with gymnastics , diving , and martial arts, 
  yes it would bother me , however i would n't mind if the reserves were given a chance to play ( but this goes for all games if we secure 3rd place ), 
  he would only need one season since spain gives spanish nationality to latin americans after only two years of residence, 
  the car of spanish admiral luis carrero blanco flew five stories when it was attacked with explosives : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operaci%c3%b3n_ogro, 
  oh wow that was amazing, 
  you rise from the dead and you raise your donger, 
  you want to see a rare pepe ? 
  [ this is as rare as it gets ] ( http://imgur.com/sn0asw8 ), 
   that 's what probationary periods are for . 
  the problem is that if the probationary periods have the same problem that interviews , anyone can be at their best for a couple of months, 
  why are you assuming that the person in question identifies as a woman ? 
  could be someone identifying as a third gender or still as a man, 
  i got it m8 :, 
  let y represent the percentage of the total fee that goes to your friend, 
  let x represent the percentage of the total fee minus your friend 's referral you get, 
  the formula is y = x-y * x, 
  in your example :, 
  y = .05 - y * .05, 
  y+y * .05 = .05, 
  so his referral fee will be 4.761 dollars and yours will be 0.05 * ( 100-4 .761 ) = 4.761, 
  you should definitely use youtube again , stream looks great, 
  not just galicia , but the entire northern coast including asturias , cantabria and the basque country, 
  indeed , when i was growing up it simply meant not going to school on that day , the actual important holidays are september 15-16 ( independence day ) , november 1 ( d\u00eda de muertos ) and november 20 ( mexican revolution ), 
  as a mexican i 'm not particularly offended by that image , but i just think it 's petty and childish , like me wearing a mariachi suit because it 's july 4th or something, 
  yeah what an asshole , stealing from rider , who certainly has paid to have the rights for broadcasting the game ... 
  yeah like what the fuck are women doing buying tampons ? 
  how disgusting of them,
