  there may be redistributive effects , the income of workers may go down , but there 's no reason for unemployment to increase . 
   i wish there was more research on the question of whether productivity gains can decrease labor demand in aggregate ,, 
  but why should it ? 
  what would be the logical reason for that to happen ? 
  then as a result the villagers will save more money by not having to replace the straw every year , since they will save money they will spend it on something else , like buying more clothes , which will increase demand for labour in the clothes industry, 
  no , but unless his one true calling in life was to be a roofer he can get a job somewhere else . 
  sure whatever , but i do n't understand what you 're even arguing here ( or if you understand it yourself ) , how exactly are you showing that replacing hay roofs with tin roofs decreases aggregate demand for labor ? 
  edit :, 
  let me elaborate :, 
  if by replacing roofs you were making 10 euros , now those 10 euros go to the pockets of your former clients , who then spend them into the economy which increases demand for products , which increases demand for labor in order to produce those products , where exactly does unemployment increase ( in the short run there may be an increase in frictional unemployment , but this is only temporary ) ? 
  do the 10 euros magically disappear from the economy ? 
  edit2 : in fact if making tin roofs is cheaper than hay roofs then the savings for your consumers should actually be greater than your lost income ( though this should n't decrease the unemployment rate , just increase gdp per capita ), 
  no spoilers !, 
  but were n't we talking about `` the question of whether productivity gains can decrease labor demand in aggregate '' ? 
  that 's exactly the part of your of your post i quoted and discussed , not sure why you 're moving the goalposts, 
  well those are pretty much the same stores that are popular in spain , are you looking for stores that are only in spain and not the uk ? 
  check out el ganso , it 's pricier than zara but pretty nice , el corte ingl\u00e9s has some nice stuff too , but it can get pretty expensive, 
  your title is n't funny , but the gif 's pretty cool 5/10, 
  i feed myself off 20 euros * a week , it really is n't that big of a challenge, 
  * edit : i originally misstyped 25 instead of 20, 
  i mistyped , i meant 20 euros , which is 29 aud , really not that far off, 
   i would like to hear your approach to eating on 25 euros . 
  my meals revolve basically around having cereal for breakfast , scrambled eggs with onions ad a bowl of gazpacho for my midday meal and a protein shake for dinner , with a piece of toast with hummus for snacking during the afternoon , it 's pretty bland but i do n't mind , though i 'm aware most people would hate to eat like i do, 
  gazpacho has a ton of veggies !, 
  but if you want more veggies they are pretty damn cheap so you can add as many as you want, 
  it 's definitely illegal in rugby union , i suspect the same goes for rugby league ( rugby union and rugby league are similar but different sports ), 
  they 're nirvana , the one on the left is kurt cobain wearing his legendary cowboy hat, 
  that actually happened, 
  old people do strange stuff like that , i was living in a student residence that shared a dining hall with an old people assylum and you would constantly see old women stealing tiny spoons , like , they would grab the tray and dump all of it into their bags , thinking they were being sneaky, 
  illegal immigrants are n't so because they want to , the united states has immigration quotas that put a cap on the amount of people that can legally enter your country , if you want less illegal immigrants then do away with the cap , nobody would choose to live life in the margins of society as an immigrant if they could enter the country legally, 
   every country , including mexico has quotas and immigration requirements, 
  every country has immigration requirements , but not quotas ( if you are n't aware , a quota is a restriction in the amount of people entering a country ** regardless ** of qualification ), 
   every country has the right to decide who does and who does not enter their borders ,, 
  sure , but it does n't mean that the exercise of such right ca n't be moronic nor unethical , nor exempt for criticism . 
   and mexico is incredibly harsh with those who enter their borders illegally . 
  why is it so wrong for the us to do the same thing with illegal mexicans as mexico does with those who enter it illegally ? 
  what makes you think that i agree with harsh punishment of illegals in mexico ? 
  i 'm all for opening mexican borders to anyone that wants to work honestly . 
  eh , it 's hard to tell , while turks did invade anatolia it 's perfectly possible for the turks inhabiting the area to be related to those that were there before , for example , spaniards invaded latin america : its descendants speak spanish , have varying degrees of spanish blood and adopted many spanish traditions , yet most latin americans are related to those that lived in the area before them, 
  you are arguing against an imaginary oponent because none of what you say relates to anything i said , let me put it this way : us citizens have every right to enact as many idiotic laws as you want regardless of what i consider to be moral , i am not arguing that you do n't , what i am definitely arguing is that those laws are idiotic and go against my morals . 
  well he could use some innterpretative dancing to show her discontent or something, 
  what 's political is to choose which rivers sand mountains to use as borders , for example , india is separated from the rest of asia by mountains yet it 's not a continent , spain is separated by mountains too and is n't seen as a continent either, 
  meh , i 've pissed many times in the women 's bathroom if the men 's one is occupied, 
  yeah , i share an appartment with three women and the place is messier than when i lived with men, 
  i 've done this at all types of public bathrooms , i sometimes get a look of disapproval but nothing too dramatic, 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; you do know what you 're saying right ? 
  euskal herria is the `` greater basque country '' including territories outside of the autonomous community of the basque country , so it has some controversy attached to it, 
   men are responsible for most ( 99.999 ) of the war and violence in our species . 
  and by the same token , men are also responsible for most of innovation , art , literature , philosophy , etc , but of course when men are overrepresented in bad things it 's because of biology but when we are overrepresented in good things it 's because the patriarchy is helping us, 
  that 's pretty expensive , my rugby team re paints the field every two weeks, 
  it seems to me that in anglo-saxon countries people leave home very early , at least in spain and latin america living with your family into your mid-late twenties is perfectly normal, 
  i 'm just tired of seeing these threads about student loans , we should be able to filter out threads involving that subject just like you can filter out topics in / r/news, 
  there is racism in mexico , but it 's a different kind of racism than what you may find in europe or the us . 
  i think brown skin in mexico is treated like any other aesthetic negative quality like being short or fat , i.e. 
  nobody is hated or disliked for being brown , but it 's not seen as a good trait, 
  spanish stream ( use a proxy if you 're not in spain ) : http://www.rtve.es/deportes/champions-league/directo/, 
  it 's spanish public tv and perfectly legal , so yeah it 's stable, 
  legal stream from spanish tv ( you probablyneed a proxy ) : http://www.rtve.es/deportes/champions-league/directo/, 
  do n't tehse people ahve any friends in real life ? 
  like , i get sharing this on facebook with people that actually know you and actually care about you , but it 's just bizarre to me that they 're sharing this with us, 
  this comment has to be more upvoted , the meaning of the paragraph changes completely with translation, 
  he plans on repeating the 10th grade until then, 
  i was in mieres today and i did n't even realise that there had been an eclipse , i only read about it until now . 
  i 'm pretty excited for the derby , we ruined real madrid 's supercopa , we ruined their copa del rey , we beat them twice in the league and now we have a chance to ruin their champions league . 
  you say it ironically , but i genuinely believe they do in fact want to play in madrid for that reason ( yes i know that it 's the biggest stadium in neutral ground , but their insistence on playing there seems to be about more than simply wanting a big place ) . 
  as i said , madrid is the best location , but the insistence after being denied such location leads me to think that it 's not just about madrid being a convenient place . 
  pamplona , zaragoza , valencia and sevilla could be perfectly fine locations . 
  spaniards tend to do stuff at a later time than other people , like , having dinner at 9 or 10 , going to bed at 1 am on a weekday , going home at 6 am on a saturday , etc, 
  every single bar in the city ? 
   last time mexico only won 2 out of their 10 games ,, 
  this is very disingenius , the concacaf qualifiers have several phases and mexico won many games before the final phase . 
  no he did n't , a teenager ball boy from an opposing team was wasting time and he kicked the ball from under him, 
  this song starts playing next : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iazcu29y2-u, 
  nice try son , but everybody 's getting gold before you do, 
  because we do n't want to see mongoloids go on a witch hunt like reddit did with the boston bomber, 
  what about companies like accenture , pwc , deloitte , etc, 
   my spanish and french colleagues tend to be out the door at their first convenience . 
  this is great because i would be working in spain, 
  wut , i 'm spending less than 100 euros a month in spain , 200 dollars is ridiculously high for me, 
  why are pigs stunned instead of shot like other animals ? 
  all claims in top level comments must be supported by citations to relevant social science sources . 
  no lay speculation . 
  i 've no idea why he 's claiming that , i 've been able to drink at every single match i 've been to, 
  omg he 's 6 ' 2 '' and from glasgow !, 
  you better not mess with him !, 
   he 's a hippocrates, 
  he 's the father of medicine ? 
  mexico, 
   except your example fails to account for the fact that if demand for widget makers is low enough they 're now unemployed, 
  temporarily , however the gains for consumers ( in the form of lower prices ) and producers ( in the form of bigger profits ) increase aggregate demand , which in turn , increases demand for labor, 
   marginal productivity, 
  they are paid either their marginal product or their productivity , `` marginal productivity '' would be the second derivative of the production function with respect to labor ( sorry for being a pedant but it drives me insane to see people make this mistake , including my labor economics professor ), 
   i 'd like feedback as to why i 'm being down voted . 
  i just downvoted you and i will provide you with feedback : you should learn some basic macroeconomics before commenting on this subreddit , i suggest seriously studying the as/ad model . 
  your comment is the equivalent of a fudamentalist christian going to a science forum and saying : `` well if evolution is real why do we still have monkeys ? 
  check mate atheists ! '', 
   i 'll look into as/ad . 
  have any suggested readings ? 
  any college textbook , or at least a coursera on line course in macroeconomics, 
   as for the rest , why do you think i asked for feedback if not to grow ?
