  i knew we had been linked from somewhere , what with all the weird downvote activity . 
  the amount of downvotes you 're getting is absolutely disgusting . 
  because this thread is getting brigaded by feminists, 
  women are also underrespresented in suicides , homelessness , deaths on the job , murders , etc etc , i do n't see you complaining about that ... 
  it 's uncanny how your comment was exactly what crossed my mind after i finished reading op 's comment, 
  islam preaches whatever the person interpreting it finds conveninet . 
  i have the personality of a potato and will most likely end my days in a murder/suicide breivik style, 
  i only catch myself doing that when i find them attractive tbh , i treat unattractive women like i treat men . 
  if a man mentions his gender in a female dominated space then the exact same thing applies imho, 
  i said it before in this thread : it should also apply to men posting in women-centric spaces, 
  i know that feel bro , i really do . 
  we should create the helium standard, 
  and remember that you still will have to pay more for car insurance than women , because it 's not sexism when it 's the other way around, 
  no , people that break criminal law are criminals , people can break civil laws without being criminals . 
  / pedant, 
  thye also seem to ignore andrew wakefield 's own financial motivations for his infamous paper . 
  no ; he 's british . 
  your lovely use of a semicolon inspired me to edit my own missing comma . 
  man , why ca n't we do cool stuff like that in my university ? 
  we just go to class and bitch at the shitty state of the buildings, 
  a proffessor chided me for wearing sweatpants in class ( i study in spain ) , admittedly that was an oddity , but generally speaking people wear nicer clothes here than in the us . 
  jesus ' views on optimal macoreconomic policy are well known , i recomend romans 24:7, 
  do they mention gender when it 's otherwise irrelevant ? 
  do they act as though it gives them some sort of special importance ? 
  i 'm not talking about cigarette smuggling specifically , i 'm commenting on / u/hoyfkd 's assertion that people who break the law are by definition criminals , which is simply not true . 
   but do you really think that girls on the internet are after special treatment when they mention their gender ? 
  some most certainly are , or at least attention , check this article : http://www.cracked.com/article_18536_the-5-biggest-mistakes-women-like-me21-make-internet.html, 
  i 'm not attracted to them , and most men , except for a few fetishists , are n't . 
  my advice is to let go of that defeatist attitude and either be ok with being fat or work out and stop being fat . 
  i 'm not as handsome as that fella , but women definitely grope men , i 've had women dip their hands under my boxers , grab my butt shamelssly , try to lift my shirt and other more subtle stuff like grabbing my arms or placing hands on my chest , it 's ridiculous the kind of shit they get away with . 
   so then you 're just being wildly off-topic . 
  i 'm being pedantic . 
  the rest of your post just seems like you 're desperately trying to pick an argument . 
  omgtrigger warning : victim blaming , we should have `` hunk walks '' !, 
   or possibly he did but did n't appreciate when i responded to his text , `` want to get dinner sometime '' with , `` sorry , but i do n't really have time . 
  oh by the way could you give me your hunky coworkers number ? '', 
  tact is my middle name . 
  maybe he does n't want to pursue you because a friend of his likes you ? 
  well it was russia ... 
  damn she 's cute, 
  follow your dreams, 
  how does this work ? 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking when reading that, 
  they do n't kill them , it 's probably just practice , my brother has a picture as a toddler while a friend of my dad was `` bullfighting '', 
  lol u r witty , ron paul 420/2012, 
   `` it costs me 200 less a year to employ someone , but i still have to pay them $ 45k !, 
  those savings sure did add up . 
  i 'm going on a hiring spree !! '', 
  i only have a rough understanding of the as-ad model ( in fact today i had my final macro exam dealing with this ) , but do n't falling costs mean that prices of whatever is being produced have to fall too if the companies are profit maximizing ? 
  to expand on this :, 
  firms , both in competitive and imperfect markets , will produce an amount q such that its marginal cost equals its marginal income , so in the case of those payroll tax cuts marginal costs are falling , so if anything that i 've learned so far is of any use , should n't firms produce q + n and charge lower prices ? 
  does n't the fed control ad through interest rates ( by affecting the investment component of demand ) ? 
  and through expectations of future interest rates and future income ? 
  siestas are n't all that common , it 's more of a spanish thing . 
  i have only seen people refer to this stereotype , but i 've never actually met someone that believed it . 
  i do n't think kids learn anything in highschool calculus other than memorizing the formulae for derivating and integrating , personally i had no fucking idea what i was doing when i took it , and only learned what i was actually doing in university, 
  as a second year economics student i have to say that i have n't used calculus in any of my finance and accounting related subjects , i doubt high school personal finance needs much calculus, 
  calm your condescending tits , i live in a country with socialized healthcare , moreover , i see plenty of people with enough money for fancy clothes whose breath just smells like shit, 
  remember to brush your tongue !, 
  this is ridiculous , should we just make up our minds on what is true and what is n't based off our feelings without considering if we 're right or wrong ? 
  that 's completely irrelevant , the condition that marginal costs have to equal marginal income holds even for monopolies, 
  some people are just stupid and go around life collecting enemies without at least gaining anything from that, 
  if a creationist or a flat earther comes up with peer reviewed evidence of his position sure , also , summers never said that women were worse than men when it came to stem fields , he said that it could be possible that men had a higher variability of aptitude , and as such were over represented at the extreme ends of skills ( and implicitly , over represented at the lower end ) , i see nothing , absolutely nothing sexist in hypothesizing that men have a higher statistical variance in certain areas than women, 
  interesting , what about comments that are being sarcastic , like comments from / r/circlejerk ? 
  would n't those have the highest scores ? 
  the historic centre of barcelona is n't laid down in a grid , the are shown is relatively new, 
  yeah , people in spain have no cars, 
   it 's not the guaranteed real-world position . 
  it does n't have to be guaranteed , however , the burden of proof is on you to explain why companies would n't choose the level of output that maximizes their profits . 
  how does he find the time to act as a government shill when he has to also pewrform the role of alice cooper ? 
  maybe , but people in spain have no trouble moving by car, 
  i did n't choose the thug life , the thug life chose me . 
  he sounds like a doormat, 
   there 's another kind of loan , a ` rolling ' business loan ( a lot of my friends are in business , same as me ) that i would meet , no questions asked . 
  ca n't you use a credit line from a bank ? 
  what a beautiful landscape, 
  we do n't take kindly to culturally insensitive slurs like `` moonspeak '' here, 
   so why is he paying , when she 's giving it to me for free ? 
  because he would n't necessarily enjoy being with your girl outside of having sex with her ? 
  your post is ridiculously passive aggressive , that 's why you 're getting downvoted, 
  i saw a 2-3 year old girl walking alone and without an adult on the street the other day , i looked around to see if her parents were nearby , but she seemed to eb completely alone , i wanted to help but i was legitimately scared of being mistaken for a kidnapper , so i walked away and kind of saw an old lady talking to the girl from a distance , but i 'm not sure if she actually did something, 
  absolute deal breaker , complete turn off, 
  i think i recognize it from the movie the whipping boy : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111698/, 
  op you 're such a selfish asshole for even considering telling her to not enjoy a once in a lifetime opportunity , to make up for it , when she comes back suggest an mmf threesome where your only role is to suck the other guy 's balls while he fucks your girlfriend / sarcasm, 
  you 're a walking vagina, 
  my older brother treated me like shit my whole life , and i 'm not talking about the usual fights between siblings , i mean , he treated me with a ridiculous amount of cruelty and even encouraged other people to do so , even though he has really toned down on the shittiness i do n't plan on being his friend any time soon and i think that he is the number one cause for my social issues , my second brother also treated me like shit, 
  , and did more or less the same thing as my older brother but to a lesser degree , i do n't plan on having much of a relationship with him either . 
  my youngest brother was nice and even though we were never too close i would be open to having a better relationship with him . 
  just do what i do and come to / r/bestof to see how the submissions get shredded in the comments, 
  yep , any extremely detailed description of something , especially something relating to sex gets linked here , i saw that / r/askmen post before and without even opening it i knew it would eventually get bestof ` ed, 
  just stay away from the saunas !, 
  i currently only have a beard trimmer , would that work too ? 
  you might lose your gains for ever, 
  are you familiar with this place ? 
  whenever this gets asked most people say that multiple partners are a turn off, 
  if she started having sex at 16 it means she 's averaged 9 partners a year , so yeah , perhaps an understatement, 
  i was wondering the same , shame that they deleted his comment , i wanted to see who was the username and if his story was consistent, 
  exactly , feminists love going on and on about how men are n't owed sex by women ( and i agree with them ) , but the flip side is that women are n't owed shit either . 
  1-5 for me , and 5 only because she carries it well, 
  ohhhh i see that , gon na edit my comment , sorry !,
