  though she was showing signs of dementia way before that . 
  honestly it is your fault for being a pussy and putting up with his shit . 
  what 's so tough about blocking his number/not picking up the phone ? 
  pat is 24, 
  chris was half pat 's current age in the past , so he was 24/2 = 12, 
  when chris was 12 years old , pat had the same age that chris has now . 
  this last sentence means that chris is younger than pat, 
  chris 's current age and pat 's former age will be the middle point between ages 24 and 12 , that is : ( 24-12 ) / 2 +12 = 18, 
  why the middle point ? 
  because since we are working with chris 's former age and pat 's current age we have to find a point in time where they met , and since time goes at the same speed for both of them we must find the middle point between their ages , and so chris is 18 years old, 
  thanks man !, 
  i appreciate that . 
  thta guy is the epitome of a buttcoiner , `` smart but lazy '' , `` ideas guy '', 
  i 'm pro-abortion and anti-death penalty but i completely agree with you : the joke here is completely devoid of humor and its logic is retarded , a lot of people that object to abortion do it because they are against killing what they consider an innocent human being , not necessarily because they are against killing in every circumstance . 
   i 'm not sure how someone could be a fundamentalist christian and also support the death penalty . 
  does n't the old testament have examples of executions ? 
  i think you can be in favour of the death penalty and still be consistent with christian teachings . 
   they just need to claim the cost of the trip as income on their tax return, 
  i do n't know how it works in the us , but in spain this sort of thing has a tax exemption up to a point , and so if the us is any similar then op would only pay a fraction of the total cost of the trip, 
  that 's because op is making stuff up, 
  no , a company can pay for a business trip for its employees ( which is what the op is saying his boss is going to claim ) , then those employees have to report what they received from the business trip ( food allowancs , airplane tickets , etc ) as income , which then has a certain tax exempt threshold e.g. 
  if your company pays you 200 euros to eat during a business trip you have to report those 200 euros as income , if they 're above the threshold you have to pay taxes on that just like you would with your regular salary, 
  i am aware of that , this chain of comments is discussing how it 's not just tax fraud on the part of the employer , it 's also tax fraud on the part of the employee, 
   there 's still quite a bit of them left that do n't speak english . 
  i 'm assuming you meant to say spanish , right ? 
  es como con osama bin laden : antes de que lo mataran la conspiracion era que ya lo habian matado , despues de que lo mataran la conspiracion es que sigue vivo, 
  i had n't even seen the thread, 
  defense - god\u00edn , gim\u00e9nez , juanfran , g\u00e1mez , siqueira , filipe luis, 
  midfield - koke , gabi , sa\u00fal , \u00d3liver , tiago , ra\u00fal garc\u00eda , kranevitter , ferreira carrasco , motta, 
  forward - torres , vietto , jackson , griezmann , correa, 
  they do have cheese , tacos de alambre have peppers , beef , onions and cheese, 
  can technological progress cause voluntary unemployment in the long run if :, 
  a ) it decreases the marginal product of labour, 
  b ) workers ' marginal disposition to work does n't decrease, 
  thus equilibrium wage will be below many workers ' preference thus increasing voluntary unemployment ? 
   is n't there a decent amount of empirical evidence that it is pretty hard to lose weight ? 
  from a physical or a psychological perspective ? 
  quitting heroin can be pretty easy , just stop shooting heroin !, 
  do you genuinely believe that the us is the only country in the world with big and strong people ? 
  i do n't know if he 's joking or if he 's literally mentally ill, 
  ellen pao did nothing wrong . 
  bad breath can make the hottest girl seem suddenly ugly, 
   anyone can do that by either growing up with them or sitting down and study . 
  yes , but not anyone can have the discipline to sit down and study 4 languages , be proud of your achievements !, 
  true , my point is that hard work is not something to be hand waved away as if it were n't an achievement . 
  it really really irritates me when people that have obviously no knowledge of economics make these type of statements so confidently, 
  i dunno , in my experience spaniards really like mexicans, 
  triggered, 
  you have to club him in the head , we cave-guys are so oblivious !, 
  that 's not an externality in the economic sense, 
  chinos , a polo and some casual shoes is perfectly fine, 
  yeah , i could never actually enjoy it while thinking that i owe money, 
  do you have mexican nationality ? 
  do you speak spanish ? 
  no he 's not . 
  i think uefa is very hypocritical as the spanist francoist flag is regularly seen at real madrid and atl\u00e9tico matches and neither team has been fined . 
  pls learn how to capitalize words , i thought the name of the romanian club was `` torment opponents '', 
  bullshit , unpaid overtime is also customary in europe . 
  employees at big4 accounting firms regularly work 60 hour weeks with shit wages ( at the junior level ), 
  it would , but people do n't care . 
  for example , i interned at a bank in spain earlier this year and some of the employees would stay several hours after closing , like maybe 3 or 4 hours afterwards . 
  it probably depends on the industry , i know that in banking , auditing and consulting you are expected to work brutal hours , while other industries are more normal . 
  there 's a selection bias going on here : people who leave their countries for a new one are probably very hard working and willing to take risks , not that this goes against the spirit of your post but it should be kept in mind . 
  i imagine that these types of restaurants do n't cater to laymen . 
  invest it in something instead of keeping it in cash you dingus, 
  the vicente calder\u00f3n has an official store and they have plenty of bargains e.g. 
  i bought a passed season jersey for like 25 euros and nice looking scarf for 15, 
  in real life , the physical store is directly below the stadium, 
  his treatment was covered by his insurance , skyler then suggested he get a more expensive optional treatment that was n't covered . 
  did you even watch the show ? 
   edit : on a serious note , i 've heard acapulco is a shithole . 
  i 'd plan for somewhere else ... 
  have you been there ? 
  can you even point out acapulco in a map ? 
  oh wow , that must make you an expert in mexican subjects then, 
  la sierra gorda de quer\u00e9taro : https://www.flickr.com/photos/queretarotravel/5388752551/in/album-72157625913620606/, 
   you sound like a fool . 
  you should stop commenting for a while . 
  oh the irony . 
  the link for the away kit for athletic bilbao is showing atletico de madrid 's kit . 
  repito mi entrada anterior : [ pinal de amoles , quer\u00e9taro ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/queretarotravel/5388752551/in/album-72157625913620606/ ), 
  jeje he looks like a fucking m&m, 
   and you would imagine that they would put it right back into those businesses . 
  unless you believe that the economy is some perpetual motion machine then what they spend on those businesses will be less than what those businesses have to pay them, 
  mexico hosted the 1968 olympics and the 1970 and 1986 world cups . 
  all of these events were successful and the infrastructures built are still in use . 
   drake was tweeting about albums , meek is another rapper , and drake didnt tweet about meeks album , then meek tweeted that drake dont write his own raps , then drake murdered meek with two diss tracks called : all charged up , and back2back . 
  i 'm not a hip hop fan but this just sounds petty and lame, 
   enchilada , mexico, 
  did you mean ensenada ? 
  i 've never heard of a place called enchilada, 
  if technology decreases the mp of labor , thus decreasing wages is n't it possible for it to increase voluntary unemployment in the long run ? 
   it does n't, 
  i disagree , some technology is labor enhancing while some is substitutive : http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/10/technology-and-wages-the-analytics-wonkish/, 
  unemployment due to equilibrium wage < reserve wage, 
  i 'm just starting out in my career but i 'm interested in moving into a freelance position in the long run , i 'm wondering : how do you get your clients ? 
  he meant towards the bull, 
  1 all actions are voluntary, 
  2 all that is voluntary is beneficial, 
  3 therefore all actions are beneficial,
