  a guy from my students ' residence shot the video , it 's in northern spain and he recorded it a few days ago , i 'm surprised the video has made it this far . 
  here 's a link to the actual news story instead of blogspam like gawker : http://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2014/01/20/indiana-police-chief-accidentally-shoots-self-at-gun-shop/4666967/, 
  i 've already seen people being defeners about bands like `` good charlote '' or `` blink 182 '' taht were derided by other defeners back in the day they when they were popualr, 
  check their youtube videos , i 've seen a few defeners in the comments, 
  edit : i just found one http://puu.sh/6v47p.png, 
  the problem is when big banks receive government support by not bein allowed to fall . 
  it matters because the bigger your country the bigger your economy will be , along with the amount of jobs available, 
  i 'm a dude and the other guy is exaggerating too , yeah crossing your legs as a man is uncomfortable but we do n't need to spread our legs all that much, 
  i think that the photo edition takes away from what would otherwise be a nice picture, 
  hurr durr u hav a small pen15 . 
  sure thing buddy , you also probably are a navy seal with an 8 inch cock and a supermodel gf, 
  i 'm making fun of your dumb insult, 
   returns to scale is looking at the change from increasing all factors . 
  economies of scale ? 
   economies to scale means the cost per unit is falling as output expands in the long run . 
  it 's still not the same as increasing or diminishing marginal returns . 
  so my initial intuition was right ? 
  oh absolutely , he was a great prof , and that 's precisely why this question was bugging me . 
  el t\u00edpico de oferta y demanda , oa/da , is/lm , etc, 
  the point is to pop uber on him until he runs into them , and when he does , taunt , thus stopping the uber, 
  yes , but engies know that , so they wo n't stand on the teleporter and will be waiting for the spy, 
  `` jesus christ how fucking stupid would you have to be to think anyone would believe such a retarded story ? '', 
  is what i would say if this story had n't been verified by the mods . 
  i need feminism because white upper-middle class women that can attend elite universities are oppressed . 
  number 9 , man you just know that guy has a shitty self-esteem, 
  take this retarded conspiracy crap somewhere else, 
  i 'm not a libertarian , but i used to be one : basically , it 's not that libertarians do n't believe that corporations ca n't be corrupt , it 's just that they believe that they will be penalized by consumers for being corrupt , thus having to close down . 
  personally , the strongest argument i can see againts that claim by libertarians is to look at drug cartels : they kill , intimidate , kidnap and mutilate people on a regular basis , yet their customers do n't seem to care too much about that . 
  why would that count as a reliable source ? 
  honestly i think at that point giving the officer money is less of a bribe and more of a payment after being extorted . 
  do n't worry about it , we know that 's the best you can do . 
  great video , fucking annoying music, 
  those sassy faggots whose only reason for existance is as entertainment, 
  the crusades did n't go all the way to persia , a lot of native iranians look like that without having intermixed with europeans . 
  no he didn ' 0t , he only used dat dere cell tech, 
  yes but not all rape is piv , sometimes that rape is done without even touching women : http://i.imgur.com/gfn8k.jpg, 
  yes , a lot of them genuinely seem like attention whores, 
  i see falgs all the time in spain , though it 's usually regional flags and not the spanish flag . 
  he is n't killing him because he thinks he 'll find riches inside him , he 's killing him because he 's tired of clich\u00e9 phrases, 
  you 'll ahve to excuse me , but rense.com does n't seem like a very trustworthy source . 
  exactly , i think that genuinely ugly people are actually a minority, 
  sweden being very unequal ? 
  - any talent related to sport/physical activity, 
  - cooking, 
  - foreign languages, 
  but basically any talent that makes you an interesting person, 
  because it got linked at shitredditsays , and now it 's being downvoted for hurting their fragile feelings, 
  this is what white knights actually believe will happen . 
   in some states of australia , prostitution is legal , and we do suffer from human trafficking . 
  yes but what i 'm asking is if human trafficking increased after the legalization of prostitution , australia could be a human trafficking destination simply due to the fact that it 's a rich country surrounded by many poor , populous countries . 
  oh i see , thank you for answering . 
  fuck you op , one of the most painful goals for me, 
   in barcelona they speak catalan , not spanish . 
  bullshit , both are widely spoken and both are co-official . 
  only / r/anarchism can compete with them . 
  seems strange , i 've been to both bilbao and san sebasti\u00e1n and spoke spanish everywhere , i do n't even think that the majority of them speak basque, 
  references to movies are n't funny, 
  they also were quite popular with british fascists , [ and with british tabloids ] ( http://www.indymedia.org.uk/images/2013/05/509843.jpg ), 
  `` hey / u/icumwhenikillmen why do you think people do n't like us ? '', 
  `` i do n't know / u/killwhitey , i think it 's because they do n't like us pointing out how hateful they are ! '', 
  this was really really good, 
  i ca n't stand people that do n't believe that there exist menu costs , a downward nominal wage rigidity and efficiency wages that prevent the rapid adjustment of relative prices thus justifying an inflation target  0 for a given country 's central bank . 
  thery are the worst kind of people . 
  conspiratards have been saying that us dollar collapse is just around the corner for years, 
  lol butthurt, 
  lol how can these dumbasses function in daily life ? 
  just liquid soap and a face cleanser thing, 
  cartels are a well known economic phenomenon . 
   since we mostly care about the stupid things they say and not the karma they receive for it this is n't all that surprising . 
  this only proves that / r/conspiratard is brigading in order to upvote the stupid things they say to discredit conspiracy theorists !, 
   look at the top posts of all time in / r/conspiratard , you have to get all the way to the 18th post to see a single mention of / r/conspiracy . 
  looking at the top 50 posts , i see 4 / r/conspiracy related submissions . 
  that 's what * we * want you to think, 
  it 's really strong and impressive , but it simply is n't a military press . 
  calling that a 500lbs military press is like calling an 800lbs deadlift an 800lbs squat , yes deadlifting 800lbs is impressive but it 's still not a squat . 
  liechtenstein is probably the worst small country you could have picked ; they 're in the middle of the alps . 
   but , during the next presidential election any opposition candidate will get 65 % of the votes . 
  according to ... ? 
  i 'm talking about the 65 % percent figure genius . 
   as a rule , the consequences of the u.s. paying off its debt are very very different than a smaller country paying off its debt . 
  this is principally because most countries can not print the currency that their debt is denominated in , their debt is not widely used as an investment vehicle , they can not profit off of their debt ( by giving an interest rate lower than inflation ) , and their currency is not an international reserve currency or used to denominate international business/trade contracts . 
  so countries that do n't issue debt in their own currency shoud stop issuing debt when they are in a budget surplus ? 
   also there is some connections between interest on corporate bonds and government bonds . 
  thus having government bonds is important for any security markets . 
  i do n't understand how the second sentence follows from the first . 
   if the debt burden is n't a problem , you could lower taxes or spend the money . 
  but in that case the country would stop issuing new debt right ? 
  i can see that now , thank you . 
  her goal was to offend and hurt , now that people are participating in the joke and being good sports about it she 's angry . 
  i 'm a dude with a beard , will it look too obvious if i put that on my face ? 
  that 's very helpful , thank you !, 
  damn this is a helpful subreddit , thank you all !, 
  it 's probably for grabbing your attention . 
  but i do n't know his sister , she is for all intents and purposes some random woman to me, 
  * peek, 
   what could be a good way to clarify i 'm not looking to have a serious thing with him ? 
  i do n't know , maybe telling him you are n't looking for anything serious ? 
  come on this ca n't be anything but a parody , right ? 
  right ? 
  i just made a subreddit : http://www.reddit.com/r/mewithbillnye/,
