  i do n't think you understood the point i was making : if what makes blackface racist is the historical context of slavery and humiliation of black people in the us , then why would it be racist if some swedes did it ? 
   we like to have fun here, 
  how did you know ?!, 
  i love to laugh !, 
   how many people black up to play a doctor or a pilot , for instance ? 
  not really relevant since no one uses whiteface or any other type of makeup to go as a doctor or as a pilot, 
   some things do n't require disclosure , and some people do n't see that . 
  `` lying through omission '' is a myth propagated by those who do n't want to feel shallow . 
  some people can have serious problems with certain pieces of information about their partner 's past , would you have sex with someone who held opinions or had done things in his past that you completely disapproved of ? 
  what if that person knew that you would take issue with that ? 
  do n't you think it would be unethical on his part ? 
   i 'm a transsexual woman who has had sex with people who did n't know i 'm trans . 
  way to perpetuate the worst stereotypes about transexuals . 
  i already asked this to someone else in this thread but i want to see what you have to say :, 
  some people can have serious problems with certain pieces of information about their partner 's past , would you have sex with someone who held opinions or had done things in his past that you completely disapproved of ? 
  what if that person knew that you would take issue with that ? 
  do n't you think it would be unethical on his part ? 
   i 'm not sure what you mean by opinions or things you completely disapprove of . 
  would you have a problem having sex with someone who had raped someone ( and done his time in jail ) in his past ? 
  or a member of the kkk ? 
  or a war criminal ? 
  would you find it unethical if the person in question did n't disclose that information knowing that you would have an issue with that ? 
  if not chromosomes , nor sexual organs define what a man and woman are , then how is a `` female brain '' defined as ? 
  also , if sexual organs , hormones and gender roles ( clothes , mannerisms , tastes , etc ) do n't define what a man and woman are then why do transsexuals try to change that ( why are n't there mtf transsexuals wearing jeans , playing football and keeping their sexual organs intact if none of that has anything to do with being a woman ? ), 
   would you expect someone to disclose those things on a public profile ? 
  or even on the first date ? 
  if they knew that i would ahve a serious issue with it absolutely . 
   also , comparing transgendered status to being a member of a hate group or committing a violent crime seems kind of extreme ... and disgusting . 
  aaand this is my cue to bail out of the conversation , you lack reading comprehension or a couple of neurons if you do n't understand the point i was making . 
  if every single day of your life some dude wearing a backwards baseball cap comes to your workplace and kicks you in the balls , would you take the kick # 132 for the sake of hat diversity ? 
  i meant a series of men wearing hats, 
   you listed a bunch of negative things that you would have a problem with - in fact , that most well-adjusted people would have a problem with ( no one likes racists and rapists ) and you put them on the same plane as transgender people . 
  i used them as an example of things some people would take issue with their partners not disclosing before any communication and why lying through omission about it is a shitty thing to do , never said that transsexualism is on the same moral category as that . 
  the reason you do n't seem to get the point i was making ( that lying through omission is wrong ) is because you 're too thick skulled to understand the idea that everyone has different preferences and yours are as subjective as the next person 's, 
  the idea that some people take issue with things you do n't mind seems to be alien to you . 
   i 'm going to disregard the fact that you chose to insult me instead of merely making a reasoned response . 
  i apologize ( honestly , no sarcasm ), 
  let me take a less poisonous example to drive my point : imagine a person is extremely religious , and she decides that she wants to meet men of her same religion , do n't you think it would be kind of scummy if as an atheist i set up a date with her with full knowledge that she is n't interested in atheists ? 
  would n't i be selfishly wasting her time ? 
   why the fuck is that relevant ? 
  it 's relevant because relationships are a thing of two ( or more ) people , and so the other person 's values should have the same weight as your values , regardless of how wrong you think they are, 
  he sounds like the sort of guy who , if his friend were killed tomorrow , would n't go to his funeral because he would be in jail for killing the motherfucker that killed him, 
  do you use a rocketjumping script ? 
  thanks , great post, 
  but then how can he show off he knows about the sanskrit language ? 
  should n't that be calmez-vous ? 
  or calmes-toi ? 
  duhhh he 's the jewish cousin of gengis kahn, 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  there 's a also a book i would recommend called `` talent is overrated '' on the merits of practice over natural talent, 
  oh yes , got an aunt pestering me about her new coffee business, 
   i got to pet it and feed it and even go into the freezer thing with all the penguins . 
  oh you liked that , you dirty bitch !, 
  neither of you are irish, 
  regardless of the merits of the show , nothing deserves the religious following it gets , i think it 's more about being lol so randum xd , than actually enjoying it, 
  he looks like flea from rhcp, 
  the guardian is the leftist dailymail, 
  this is the sort of thing my corny aunt would love, 
  so what does thats say about your grandma ? 
  there 's so little pyro play that i do n't understand the point of mentioning it , nice last cap though, 
  so the nice thing to do is to hang out with a woman , not because you enjoy her company , but because you want to fuck her friend ? 
  is this a real phenomenon or just an archetype ? 
  perhaps not always , but in op 's situation it certainly seems like it is, 
   anglophones only know one language . 
  ftfy , you can get by in life with just english most of the time ( and i say this as a non-native english speaker ), 
  ah i see your point , and yeah , my personal experience tells me it 's true : i asked out a girl who had a boyfriend , i kept hanging out with her and banged her friend and now i have a chick friend, 
  your names are so similar i thought you were the same guy , i could n't figure out what the fuck was going on, 
  depends on the country , the zone of el raval in barcelona and lavapi\u00e9s in madrid are pretty centric and heavily populated by immigrants , rich people in those cities live in suburbs, 
   do you mean that this is the norm for spain ? 
  well these two are the biggest cities here , and i have n't seen immigrant neighborhoods in smaller cities , so in my experience yes, 
  token woman ? 
  mexican cuisine is heavily influenced by native american cuisine ( that is , if native american includes indigenous mexicans ), 
   49 comments in 20 minutes and still no upvotes ? 
  downvoted for bitching about not getting upvoted, 
  been playing deadspace 2 , so a plasma cutter fuck yeah !, 
   not sure why i see all these women screaming for him on tv, 
  he 's rich and famous, 
  every single time i see someone bitching about downvotes they get downvoted , even if i agree with you, 
  why link to that shitty website when you can link the post ? 
  it 's hilarious to see them switching to ghibus-wearing pyros and flipping their shit , the video is alright but it just looks like you played against an awful team, 
  do n't worry !, 
  just leave and sue his ass in a private court !, 
  could youask him what i want to ask him ( in case he does n't see my question as i 'm in europe ) ? 
  : what should the piigs do ? 
  why is it that extremely well educated people have such differing viewpoints on what to do regarding the crisis ? 
  afaik that 's natural in developing economies, 
  same in spain , there 's a saint for everything , even my faculty has a saint, 
  did the same thing, 
   they stop the full bus and get out of the bus and buys a cup of coffee . 
  never seen it here , however i 've seen it happening in mexico, 
  the bravery levels on this comment and the rest of the thread are off the charts !, 
  though i agree, 
  i would buy the entire train simulator franchise on steam, 
  perhaps dump the clones into the thunderdome ? 
  `` chingar '' also means `` to fuck '' in north west spain ( galicia , western asturias ) , perhaps the term originated in spain and then went to the colonies ? 
  you 're thinking of the yucat\u00e1n peninsula in mexico i believe, 
  you 'll be too busy posing as everyone 's black friend in photos to look for her, 
  it 's called fat , not plus sized , not full figure , not curvy , fat, 
   cloths, 
  why are you using the word fatist if you feel that fat is derogatory ?
