  how ? 
  those are still some worrying numbers , 20 % of people saying that suicide bombing is sometimes justified is ridiculous, 
  it 's spelled looser 's you ignorant, 
  i 'm a mexican in spain and i can differentiate the major accents like asturian , galician , catalan and andalusian , but i really ca n't tell the difference between someone from santander and someone from palencia . 
  i forgot to add my explanation : 50 $ is the point at which you 're indifferent between going to the concert or paying , that is , the value you receive ( all things considered ) is 0 , since you 're actually paying 40 $ then you 're receiving a benefit of 10 $ , which is what you are giving up when you decide to go to the skrillex concert . 
  yes but the pleasure of seeing psy for 50 $ is evened out by the cost of the ticket , 50 $ is exactly the point at which you 're indifferent between going to the concert or staying at home . 
  yes but you are forgoing both the pleasure of the concert and the displeasure of having to pay 50 $ , so they even out . 
  [ highly relevant ] ( http://imgur.com/tm4mc6k ), 
  i still do n't know what compels people to drive like utter retards, 
  will they pounce on it anymore than water sitting in a bucket all night ? 
  i expected a kid , as in a baby goat , being eaten by pira\u00f1as, 
  not wtf, 
  i 'm an atheist but it seems kind of strange for gays to be married in a mainstream protestant church, 
  yeah but it 's not allowed in your religion , it 's like muslims wanting to have a bbq at the mosque, 
  does protestantism allow marriage between people of the same sex ? 
   if i could change anything i would be more aggressive about policiing sensationalist , editorialized headlines . 
  specifically , things like `` economists confirm '' or `` its a fact '' there are a few of these on the main page . 
  and websites that are repeat offenders of this should be banned, 
  as people ahve already said , you could buy a put option to greatly multiply your profits, 
  am i reading this wrong ? 
  or is the quote in your post actually supporting what / u/myotheraltisahuman said ? 
  are the workers that increased their productivity the same workers that have n't increased their real wages ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is : has the growth in productivity been in all worker types ( low and high skill ) or just in one type ( high skilled ) ? 
  and have wages stagnated for both types of workers ? 
  related to this : did the name jesus ( or its aramaic version ) exist before jesus ? 
  oh man [ this fucking thread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycmz0wx.jpg ) , first time / r/funny makes me laugh, 
  those are some funny ass albinos, 
   i do n't think that matters because we 're suppose to have shared prosperity . 
  it does matter because in order to solve the low wage problem you need to know its causes ( in this case it could be a mixture of a lack of education for poorer people and competition from immigration and trade ) , and making misleading arguments is not helpful for your cause . 
  come on this has to be a joke title, 
  omg technology made them all unemployed , we need to redistribute labor, 
   there is tinder and the idea that it 's so hard for a straight guy to get laid seems like a random made up idea . 
  this is how i know you 're not a straight man, 
  calm your tits , getting laid outside of a relationship is n't impossible , but it 's definitely not easy , and it 's not even remotely comparable as it is for women, 
  reality is irrelevant , the only thing that matters is that privileged people from rich countries can pat themselves on the back for doing something ( even if the consequences are negative for the people they 're trying to help ) . 
   it 's a vanity thing . 
  so what ? 
  who are you to police other people 's bodies ? 
  in a stalinist dicatorship ?!, 
  unthinkable !, 
  que no eso es del gobierno federal ? 
  i do n't get the point of reposting famous photos with fake titles, 
  socipaths do feel emotions , they do n't feel empathy, 
   because the vast majority of businesses are still ignoring it in favor of `` the customer is always right '' . 
  do they ? 
  at least at the bank where i 'm currenty an intern at we do n't put up with shitty customers, 
   comparing median earnings to mean productivity is simply misplaced, 
  this is a nice euphemism for `` fucking dishonest '', 
  how can a passenger see the track in front of him when riding a train ? 
   but on the other hand , in countries like india and egypt , where a big portion of the population is in poverty , the fuel subsidies are pretty important to them . 
  at least in mexico it ends up being a subsidy for the middle class , poor people do n't own cars . 
   most ~ ~ keynesian ~ ~ economists, 
  ftfy, 
  indirectly sure , but why not subsidize the food in the first place if that 's what you want ? 
  this is like when gif makers in sports subs complain that blogs are stealing their content , i do n't how someone can be so hypocritical, 
  i 've been a fan of the wanda financial group from the beginning unlike all of those plastics, 
  give money plox, 
  at first i saw the image and thought that it meant that using gay as an insult is homophobic , and as such it would be offenssive against someone you like , but then i realized which subreddit i was in ... 
  protectionists are , unwittingly , corporate welfarists, 
  mexican pizza in mexico at least makes sense : it has chorizo and jalape\u00f1os , pretty good imho, 
  look at the blond gremio player mocking him : http://youtu.be/cu6eyt6se4u?t=1m4s, 
  it 's actually more interesting this way, 
  they should have given it a title like : `` my autistic 3d printed gf with cancer always wanted to go to norway but then she died and the only comfort for me is for you to upvote me '', 
  i understand simpson 's paradox , but i dont ' t understand how he 's using it , is he saying that if we were to separate stocks into two groups ( high vs low yield ) then within those groups we would find that yield negatively correlates with growth , but if we combined both groups then yield would positively with growth ? 
  also , at least in northern spain we had some terrible weather with lots of rain and hail storms, 
  what a lame novelty account, 
   it was honestly the best earthporny picture of the place online . 
  would you have submitted it if it did n't have an odd name ? 
  except for andalusians and canarios, 
   no one seems ready to recognize that one man 's cost-savings equals another man 's income reduction . 
  it 's not recognized because it 's just not true , consumer savings could be smaller , equal or greater than the reduction of income of workers in richer countries , what we do know is that the sum of consumer savings and producer 's profits will be higher than the loss of income sustained by the worker in the rich country , thus trade is a net gain for the country ( though it may have redistributive consequences ), 
  looks like prettyt much any city in spain, 
  is this you ? 
  `` in a new announcement the imf 's chief christine lagarde has announced its policy prescription for venezuela 's economic problems : just raw dog it or anal '', 
  stocks can be purchased through public pension plans , or sovereign wealth funds . 
  holding bitcoin pays no dividends , unlike owning stock in a company ; no interest , unlike holding bonds ; and has no industrial value , unlike gold or oil . 
  the real question should be : why does it have a price at all ? 
  bitcoin does have some utility in that it allows you to do transactions in illlegal markets like drugs , and so you may justiify some of its price through that , however , there are competing cryptocurrencies that can serve the exact same function , so what exactly makes a bitcoin be worth more than a litecoin or panda coin or doge coin ? 
  imo cryptocurrencies ' prices should equal their marginal production costs and nothing more , i think that the only reason this is not the case is because there are people out there buying and holding these coins in the hopes of making money , just like people did with beanie babies , or tulip bulbs , not because anyone wants to actually use them . 
   thats not true !, 
  ok , where 's your refutation of what i said ? 
  does bitcoin pay dividends , interest , or can be used to produce something tangible ? 
   if you are stacking money at home , it 's not going to generate revenue either . 
  indeed , that 's why you do n't hold currency as an investment , you hold it in order to support your liquidity needs . 
   you need to give your money to someone who wants it / is willing to pay for it . 
  you could do that with bit-coins as well , if you find someone . 
  yes , sure , why not , i still do n't get what you 're supposed to be refuting here . 
  that seems to be the joke my friend : ^ ), 
  mexican facilities from the 1968 olympics are still widely used , e.g. 
  the olympic stadium is used as the stadium for the national autonomous university of mexico ( one of the biggest in latin america ) along with its very popular professional football ( soccer ) team . 
  [ bilbao ] ( http://www.periodistadigital.com/imagenes/2014/01/05/la-ria-de-bilbao-a-la-altura-del-museo-guggenheim-con-el-puente-de-la-salve-al-fondo_560x280.jpg ) in the future !, 
  i remember at the start of the season real mad fans were saying they would win the sextete ( all six trophies they could have won this season ) jeje, 
  that 's what he said , it 's not toxic enough, 
  yeah , i 'm doing an internship as a teller at a bank and the amount of non-clients that expect us to work for free for them is ridiculous , even if we have signs all over the place that say that you can only pay your utilities with the atm people still complain, 
  right now i 'm in that position , currently living on 400 euros a month , i only eat cereal , eggs and gazpacho , to a total food budget of like 80 euros a month, 
  i think it was a fetish video , so she may be sexualizing it intentionally, 
  i ca n't imagine why men are n't replying to messages from an obese middle aged transexual , are they intimidated by a strong independent woman ? 
  i wonder what 's his plan once they met , will they just say `` well , i 've already gone out so i might aswell suck some dick '' ? 
  would plug sizes vary by weight class ? 
  let 's say a company has a worker and decides to substitute him with a machine that does the same job but cheaper , what happens is that the loss of income for the worker will be compensated by the increase in income of the producer and the increase in income for the consumers ( through cheaper prices ) , this will in turn create a demand in some other sectors ( producers and consumers will spend their new found income ) which means an increase of demand for labor in that new sector .
