  i saw fear in their eyes . 
  you too can have a huge penis with maximanpower , this 1 simple trick will make your penis double in length in 5 minutes !, 
   but my brother 's father in law told me about his nephew who was classmates with zlatan . 
  woah , can i have your autograph ? 
  they have it in pretty much every wal mart or sam 's club, 
  do you come from an area with traditional products like cheese or wine ? 
  whenever i come from spain to mexico i bring my family traditional cheese and ham from here, 
  mmhhh no idea , in fact i think most american products are widely available in mexico , at least in cities , the only thing i can think of is beef jerky and dr pepper, 
  it 's banned in britain, 
  i 'm wondering , what do you consider rich ? 
  for example , someone making 20k dollars a year is n't rich by us standards , yet he is rich by world standards , should they also be heavily taxed in order to support poorer people in foreign countries ? 
  edit : i normally do n't complain about downvotes , but it 's pathetic that some people are downvoting this comment because you disagree with me , i have n't broken any rules , been uncivil , or posted an off-topic comment . 
  very much a capitalist , though not enough to be a fanatical libertarian or anything . 
  i 'm also extremely in favour of free trade and lightly controlled immigration, 
   there 's no worldwide government so no . 
  but governments can give foreign aid , people can donate to ngos , etc, 
   poverty has an absolute and relative component . 
  sure , but that also applies to world poverty , someone who is poor in chad is much much poorer both in relative and absolute measures than someone who is lower middle class / poor in a rich country . 
   let 's keep it simple , high wealth inequality is bad for the nation in general . 
  inequality is inevitable and even slightly desirable , but it is too damn high in the us, 
  again , the same thing applies to the world at large , unless someone is a xenophobe why should they give priority to their own countries when it comes to these matters ? 
   and unless there 's strict oversight , it is siphoned away by corrupt bureaucrats , worsening the inequality in these societies . 
  point conceded . 
   ngos are good , but they ca n't solve all of the problems out there . 
  same argument can be applied to welfare programs to welfare programs at home , just because a given program wo n't solve all problems it does n't mean that it wo n't alleviate some societal ills . 
   because unless things radically change in the near future , we have little to no say over how the resources are actually used in these countries . 
  too much increase in this authority would rightly be called imperialism . 
  we can find new and creative ways to mandate improvements , and give incentives , but our time is a commodity just like the money , and clever corrupt people who are actually close to these areas will almost always be able to outsmart us . 
  good points . 
   we need to improve the lives of 3rd world people in specific , concrete ways . 
  eliminate malaria . 
  refuse to buy products produced in sweat shops . 
  establish systems for micro-loans . 
  provide materials for distributed energy grids . 
  these are things that can work , and we are doing them . 
  not enough , but we are . 
  if you just throw money at these governments it will be misused . 
  you could finnance all that by using tax revenues , it 's not necessary for those corrupt governments to receive any of that money , it can go directly to ngos, 
   it has nothing to do with being xenophobic , but why should a country use its resources to help another before helping domestic problems , for which there are many . 
  if you assume that all lives are equally worthy and all human suffering equally terrible regardless of nationality then why should you give priority to people that are comparatively better off over people that are even worse off ? 
   even if you donate money , there is no guarantee that money will be used to help people . 
  you need a responsible government , infrastructure , and many other things before you can even donate and be effective . 
  this is just a small list of issues that can come . 
  and if that government steals the money ? 
  you still have to respect foreign sovereignty sony ca n't do anything . 
  worse yet they might use that money for bad purposes to to enrich a few select upper class , and now you 're seen in local news as help prop up a corrupt government . 
  you make a good case for not giving money to corrupt governments , but you do n't make one for not giving that money to ngos thata re proven to be honest, 
  i agree on that , my arguments are less about the practical aspects of redistribution and more about the philosophy of it . 
  he is a member of pri , the party that governed mexico in a semi-dictatorship for 70 years until the year 2000 , that alone makes him unlikeable , then he became president in 2012 defeating andres manuel lopez obrador , a very popular candidate among young left wing people , precisely the sort of people that have a strong presence in media . 
  as far as i know ( though i admit i do n't have hard data on this , and i 'm speculating ) , he was voted mostly by poor people , who do n't speak english nor have access to the internet . 
  of course , but adjusted by ppp , poor people in the rich world are still much wealthier than poor people in poor countries, 
  something that really works for me is to study at the library instead of doing it at home , also , taking 5 minutes breaks every 45 mins, 
  my two first options only allow two letters of recommendation , and i already have another professor for my letter of frecommendation that is both distinguished and with whom i had a great grade . 
  i actually had n't given that option that much thought , i assumed any work i would do out of undergrad would be unrelated to my field , i 'll investigate that option further , thanks !, 
  i 'm far from being a tublrina ( see my username ) but using female as a noun definitely sounds robotic, 
  i specifically wrote about using `` female '' as a noun , not as an adjective . 
  i assume you are n't referring to the article , right ? 
  it seemed pretty good to me . 
  college activists seem to overestimate their popularity amon other students , protestors at my university interrupted a few conferences for their petty demands , i 've yet to meet any student that supported them, 
  this is a art, 
  yes , but it 's not like beating inflation is that hard , just buying an etf can do that, 
  historically the sp500 and ftse100 have beaten inflation by quite a margin , i admit i 'm not an expert on investing , but beating the inflation rate does n't seem all that hard for investors, 
  i predict more people will comment than donate, 
  something i find strange is how brain drain is seen as a bad thing because high skilled workers are a net gain for a country , yet immigration by high skilled people is seen as a loss by some people . 
  vicente calder\u00f3n stadium has one under one of the stands : http://www.abc.es/media/201203/26/vicente-calderon-estadio--644x362.jpg, 
  you just need two years of residence as a mexican to get a spanish passport so he should have one now, 
   auschwitz employed hundreds of jews giving them real wages that were 3x the average ( 3x0 = 0 ) . 
  are you literally retarded ? 
   simply pointing out the false equivalence with sarcasm . 
  it 's idiotic to compare slave labour in an extermination camp to labour in a company in occupied land , even if you think that what the company is doing is wrong . 
  btw sick diss bro, 
  yeah making out with another guy is pretty gay , but getting a blow job from him on the other hand ... 
  man what a shitpost, 
  specially something like gifs , given that the gif makers themselves are taking content off tv broadcasts, 
  yeah when i read that post i was thinking `` that 's so / u/0ffensive _ username ! '', 
  well it 's being tested against what they currently have , and what they would currently be receiving in the absence of this program . 
  man whenever i see that initialism i like to imagine it stands for united states mutant ninja turtles, 
  i 'm elitist about americans being elitist about mexican food , if you are n't eating tacos at night from a street stall while drinking soda or juice from a glass bottle you are n't having mexican food . 
  enchiladas are definitely mexican , i agree with you on the fajitas though, 
  it 's marginal product ( or simply productivity , without the marginal part ) , not marginal productivity . 
  this elementary mistake drives me nuts, 
  yeah , i would be really fucking happy making as much during a year as he makes during a week, 
  i 'm from a developing country and i make shit money , now what son ? 
   edit : after re-reading your question , i 'm not 100 % sure this is what you were after . 
  alcoa is an example of a company attaining a monopoly position without taking over other companies . 
  my question refers to monopolies existing without the use of regulatory capture or by being favored by governments due to political reasons . 
  yeah definitely . 
  well if you do n't like surge pricing you could wait for a taxi , like you would if uber did n't exist, 
  i do n't get what this has to do with his comment . 
  in case people do n't know : in spanish speaking countries we 're taught that both north and south america are a single continent called america , the team is n't named after the us . 
  again , your comment is irrelevant , he 's talking about am\u00e9rica cf , a professional team in liga mx, 
   also , money spent in britain on british coal is all money that is kept within the british economy . 
  money spent on polish coal , however , is money that is lost from britain 's economy . 
  if the uk buys coal from poland they have to give them pounds in exchange for that coal , which depreciates the pound with respect to the zloty , which means that now british exports are cheaper , which means that british exports will increase by the same amount that they imported . 
  some people really seem too thick to understand that wealth comes from goods and services not the money you used to buy them . 
  you could have a regular traffic light that communicates to the self driving cars, 
  needs more photoshop, 
  lol, 
  what about redpill economics ? 
  how can we call ourselves economists if we ca n't calculate the optimal smv to get rid of lmr with dtf hb9 's ?
