  there is already one proposal for its regulation put forward by the president of the senate , who is a member of the biggest opposition party ( and funnily enough the most conservative party in mexico ) . 
  you can hear it straight from the horse 's mouth : http://noticieros.televisa.com/foro-tv-a-las-tres/1511/prohibir-consumo-marihuana-es-inconstitucional-arturo-zaldivar/, 
  no prob . 
  it 's not as simple as that , culture can be influenced by rules and viceversa : if you live in a country with poor regulation enforcement then that can create a culture of not following rules . 
  oh yeah definitely , but i believe that with good policies and laws we can create better cultures . 
  m8 we have all of latin america as our brothers, 
  no sabia quien era pero me meti a youtube y vi esto : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v80j7sgeqy, 
  como dije en el thread en / r/news : pe\u00f1a se est\u00e1 haciendo pendejo con esta ley , la suprema corte ya declar\u00f3 anticonstitucional la prohibicion del uso recreativo de la marihuana y su regulaci\u00f3n es inminente . 
  his supporters are like members of a doomsday cult that get more fanatical as more and more of their predictions fail to materialise . 
   it makes me wonder why latino 's who are here legally would not vote for a republican who simply wants existing immigration laws enforced . 
  many of those latinos may be the legal children or grandchildren of illegal immigrants . 
  moreover the issue with trump is n't necessarily the enforcement of border laws , after all he is n't the only candidate to talk about it , the problem is with his denigrating comments towards mexicans and continued threats against mexico . 
  i believe it has even dipped into negative territory in real terms ( when you discount inflation ), 
  and to add to the example : you pay that debt in ious , not dollars , for which you have an infinite supply , on top of that you owe most of that money to yourself , and on top of that the bank actually owes you a lot of money . 
  he also has some skeletons when it comes to immigration , his biggest issue : he has been accused of abusing the h1b system himself and of having hired illegal construction workers for one of his buildings . 
  maybe we can pepper spray their players next time : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvaqs0kcod8, 
  it 's what i imagine gets played at cheap eastern-european raves . 
  lucho is a common nickname for people named luis , sort of like calling someone mike instead of michael . 
  i really do n't know how mexican your friend really is if he thinks that mexican food is all rice and beans ... 
  fin . 
  then i really do n't know what part of mexico he comes from but that description is completely absurd, 
   a 7 % tax on all remittances to mexico and central america would bring in around 2-2 .5 billion dollars a year paying off the 10 billion dollar cost in 4-5 years . 
  taxing remittances would increase the us trade deficit with mexico as capital balances move in the opposite direction to trade balances so is trump for or against increasing the trade deficit ? . 
  i wonder if trump supporters even understand the issues they rage so much about . 
  when did the champions league get a third place game ? 
  i think it 's something like : `` i 'm angry , traditional politicians of both colors have failed me , i do n't know if trump is the best i just know that i do n't want more of the same '', 
  and for some reason that is beyond me they take off the seat-belts in the backseat . 
  quart street # 68 pta ( door ) 23 , valencia, 
  sometimes when you exercise very intensely you feel like shitting , i have n't shat myself but i 've definitely felt like doing it during intense activity . 
   crazy bitches . 
  you meant greedy bitches . 
  yeah exactly , i spend most matches being abaout to have a ehart attack , especially since the team ususally wins by minimal margins . 
  there are significant groups of people in those countries opposed to having military bases in their territory so if the us started charging them for having them then they would in many cases be fine with them being closed . 
  to give an example : spain has us military bases there . 
  no powerful country is theatening its existence and there 's a very likely chance that the next government will be a coalition of very leftist parties . 
  on top of that they 've undergone severe austerity measures , i ca n't see how trump 's threat could work . 
   look at japan and blackface , for example . 
  to be honest the reason that blackface is considered racist is because its context in the us , while i 'm not saying it 's fine i do n't think it 's fair to impose cultural standards on different countries that have n't had the same historical experiences . 
   what he probably means is that the illegal ones ca n't come here legally because they'e already bad guys , and the ones who come legally are model citizens . 
  us immigration policies favor family links over qualifications , so someone with a phd from a world leading institution , a clean criminal record , perfect knowledge of english and us history will not be allowed to legally immigrate to the us without family connections or a job offer ( and visas for workers are capped , expensive and slow to process ) while someone whose sole merit in life is spreading her legs can become one of those virtuous american legal immigrants ( see trump 's wives ) . 
  chris-chan noooooooooooo !, 
  pense que era el tipico programa de sabado tipo don francisco, 
  seeing your post history it seems that you could be an english teacher , as an english teacher myself i can tell you that it 's pretty easy to get a job , but your problem is going to be getting a work visa : maybe you could come here as an international student and then apply for jobs and see who is willing to sponsor your visa ? 
  well when have they had true democracy ? 
  in mexico i would say that we only started having democracy since the late 90 's , and so far for all its flaws it 's been better than constant revolutions , economic crises , authoritarian single-party rule , etc. 
  chile , mexico , peru , colombia , the countries of the pacific alliance all seem to have made the right steps for economic stability . 
  it 's not the ideal , but it 's not * a big deal either as long as the woman is in shape . 
  edit : not, 
  he puts the toilet paper roll the wrong way . 
  you 're saying that there are women who would n't vote for hillray now but who would choose to vote for her if she picked a female vp ? 
  oh yes , just like cuba stopped being communist after the us imposed an embargo , also iran stopped its nuclear weapons program and its hostility towards the us after being sanctioned , and how could we forget the success that were sanctions on russia ? 
   the majority of illegal immigration today , is coming from central america . 
  so should that be considered mexico 's fault ? 
  why would milder sanctions work better than much tougher sanctions did in the past ? 
  i 'm not a trump supporter , i need a specific answer not something vague like `` we will have better people and do things batter '' . 
  the dutch had a republic for 200 years before the us became a country . 
  why should mexico care or have any responsibility in enforcing us law ? 
  funnily enough i do speak spanish given that i 'm mexcican , not dutch . 
   because they have an equal responsibility in ensuring that the border is maintained ? 
  why does mexico have a responsibility about who enters the us ? 
   or do you think boarders should only be enforced from a single country ? 
  depends on what you mean by `` should '' . 
   it 's typically mutually beneficial to help ensure each boarders are being followed correctly . 
  well , is it beneficial for mexico to spend money patrolling its northern border to ensure that central americans do n't cross into the us and stay in mexico instead ? 
  paris has regulations that ban tall buildings in the center , all the skyscrapers are at la d\u00e9fense . 
  once i saw this guy on a bridge about to jump . 
  i said , `` do n't do it ! '', 
  he said , `` nobody loves me . '', 
  i said , `` god loves you . 
  do you believe in god ? '', 
  he said , `` yes . '', 
  i said , `` are you a christian or a jew ? '', 
  he said , `` a christian . '', 
  i said , `` me , too !, 
  protestant or catholic ? '', 
  he said , `` protestant . '', 
  i said , `` me , too !, 
  what franchise ? '', 
  he said , `` baptist . '', 
  i said , `` me , too !, 
  northern baptist or southern baptist ? '', 
  he said , `` northern baptist . '', 
  i said , `` me , too !, 
  northern conservative baptist or northern liberal baptist ? '', 
  he said , `` northern conservative baptist . '', 
  i said , `` me , too !, 
  northern conservative baptist great lakes region , or northern conservative baptist eastern region ? '', 
  he said , `` northern conservative baptist great lakes region . '', 
  i said , `` me , too ! '', 
  northern conservative \u2020 baptist great lakes region council of 1879 , or northern conservative baptist great lakes region council of 1912 ? '', 
  he said , `` northern conservative baptist great lakes region council of 1912 . '', 
  i said , `` die , heretic ! '', 
  and i pushed him over . 
  - emo philips, 
  i find it interesting how they focus on obama not being born in the us since it 's completely irrelevant : his mother was an american citizen and that makes him american ( just like cruz ) . 
  only two games have been played between both . 
  it 's a 25 % probability scenario so not really a trend . 
  me recuerda a esto : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ele_dj3ud38, 
  her staff wrote a dumb article , he called mexican undocumented migrants rapists and criminals , so not really the same thing . 
   if this was an intentional troll , i would find it hilarious ( sorry hispanics ),
