  i think it 's about smugness , like saying `` i am such a compassionate and good person , look at how i put myself down '' . 
  i do n't think so , in a traditionalist world men are n't supposed to hit women , but women are supposed to act like ladies and not hit men . 
  edit : oh god i wrote `` are '' instead of `` are n't '', 
  i am no good with computer, 
   highest unemployment rates ( 12 % ), 
  spain with its 26.6 % unemployment laughs at you, 
  kind of , around two years ago i finally started trying to be social and pursuing women , and i saw some rather shitty behaviors that i had never seen from women before ( because i simply did n't talk to them before ) , things like cheating on their boyfriends , leading men on to get ego boosts , expecting men to do stuff for them because they 're women , etc. 
  but at the end of the day men are just as capable of being shitty people ( i have an acquaintance that is constantly bad mouthing the girl he 's fucking for example ) and you have to keep that in mind when you encounter shitty women . 
  i dunno srs has done that sort of stuff before , for example , one time a fully clothed photo of jeremy clarkson 's 18 year old daughter was posted to / r/topgear and srsers called it child pornography . 
   `` bone is for the dog , meat is for the man '', 
  only fat bitter people say that, 
  i 'm not black but my hair has the consistency of a carpet and a sheep, 
  how do you feel about your racketeering activities ? 
  is it rude of him or something ? 
  i dunno , i 'm not super good looking but i have gotten approached a couple of times . 
  thjank you , but i 'm interested about the why of the sucking, 
  why should a reader such as myself trust you ? 
  are the buildings on the foreground single houses ? 
  if so , australians are seriously living the good life . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't think that that one was an unpopular decision . 
  he said that he only has 3000 points , i have 8772 and i 'm 5 skills away from finishing the french course . 
   but wait !, 
  then you double down on fucking up by having sex with another guy that you literally just met , all while still withholding sex from him . 
  and the she tripled down on that by telling him about it when they were finally about to have sex !, 
  i disagree on your edit , she can get back with the guy if `` dave '' is a spineless man with zero self-esteem whatsoever . 
  go out in a small group , or at least put yourself in a position where you wo n't be surrounded by your friends , stand in an area where it 's easy to start a conversation , like next to the bar . 
  make eye contact with the guys you like , smile at them or touch them . 
  approach them , you do n't need to start a whole conversation but even just making a minor comment will make a guy pick on your hint and start hitting on you if he 's interested , for example , comment on a guy 's shoes , shirt , drink , etc, 
  even if i respect trans women 's desire to be referred to as women and treated as them , i do n't really see them as women . 
  to clarify , if i knew any trans women i would still refer to them as women , but i would still consider them men . 
  noice , for anyone else think of shorting bitcoins do keep in mind that the market can remain irrational for longer than you can remain solvent . 
  before i answer your questions , could please define to me * what * is a woman ? 
  ( notice that i 'm not asking * who * is a woman , but * what * is a woman ), 
  i thought i made the distiction between the `` who '' and the `` what '' is a woman pretty clear . 
  edit : you did n't answer my question at all . 
  no , you answered the `` who '' ( someone who identifies as a woman ) not the `` what '' ( what do you define as a woman ? 
  yeah a few posts down below i just decided to give up on this , absolutely pointless waste of time . 
  you 're trying to define a word with itself !, 
  you really ca n't grasp the absurdity of that ? 
  i suppose that only the big hoarders are caught because they have a harder time covering their tracks ? 
  or maybe only big hoarders become notorious ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't know what you 're going on about . 
  this does n't make any sense , and just sounds like a political soundbite . 
  i just downvoted you for complaining about being downvoted . 
  it would look like some sort of wacky comedy by jim carey, 
  i think lynch-mob justice is dangerous and has backfired many times in the past . 
  1 plenty of women enjoy casual sex, 
  2 go back to / r/srswomen, 
  pretty much the same thing happened to me except we were walking, 
  #yolo #smh #swag, 
  lol, 
  watch it live !, 
  losing 50 % of your value in one day is n't all that good ... 
  i have such a smug smirk right now , i 'm gon na lurk some old threads on / r/bitcoin to see what people were saying yesterday about the crazy price, 
  well if the asset you bought with debt is depreciating then your liabilities stay the same while your ability to pay them diminishes , so yeah you 're actually losing money ... 
  i know right ? 
  it 's like watching the tulip bulb mania in real time, 
  so crawl into my vagina ... 
  no , never , but i 've see a bunch of craigslist posts by men looking for other men to jack off each other `` but not gay stuff or anything '', 
  i like roughness , like i like pulling women 's hair , biting and all that jazz , why ? 
  no idea why, 
  oral contracts are as valid as written contracts so if she managed to prove that the contract took place then it 's fair game, 
  do you have data to support your claims opr are you working just from personal experiences ? 
   my large circle is nearly all made up of professional women with blue collar worker men ( including me and my husband ) . 
  could it be that your circle is made of working women because you 're a working woman yourself ? 
  my circle is made of university students , does n't mean most people are university students, 
   so she 's `` set up '' then `` find love in my 30 's '' . 
  good luck with that honey !, 
  you should put it on your cv, 
  the only part missing from that story is that op paid her afterwards, 
   have no culture of their own, 
  white people have a culture : rape culture, 
  i still do n't know where i stand in the hierarchy , i 'm hispanic but i look `` white '' , do i get to bash whitey too ? 
   why do people want to get married so badly , even the whole gay marriage thing ? 
  honestly i think that the whole gay marriage conflict is more about the social acceptability of homosexual households than about the rights themselves ( this goes for both sides of the debate ) , but that 's beyond the scope of this thread . 
  she 's a rich white woman , those three things make it harder for her to go to jail . 
  there 's a study that 's been posted around men 's rights a lot , basically , statistically speaking white women receive lower sentences than any other demographic for the same crimes . 
  this is precisely my problem with trigger warnings , where do we draw the line ? 
  all too often i 've seen the sort of people that want `` trigger warnings '' say stuff that could theoretically be a `` trigger '' . 
  though that 's a big figure do take in mind that the numbers may be partially inflated by people with multiple marriages , divorce rates on first marriage would be better . 
  what ` sthe point of adding the dumb `` demotivator '' to the gif ? 
  like in what way does that improve the funny gif ? 
  i really like the way fake boobs look actually , i subscribe to / r/boltedontits, 
  i like chicks that look like barbie, 
  i dunno fetishes are n't a rational thing, 
  i would n't respect you much to be honest . 
  yeah , i never complain about downvotes , but it 's just bizarre when people do it when they do n't like your opinion . 
  i think it 's just bizarre that somebody found that offenssive, 
  that 's like asking me why i like women in the first place, 
  bleh , i 'm getting tired of this conversation it 's like i personally offended you and you 're asking me to justify myself, 
  i know that feelerino bro , just cut your losses and move on, 
  they all are fake indeed !, 
  it would bother me , you ca n't expect to have people open up to intimacy when they know that you 'll tell other people about it , for example if you had a fetish , say you liked being spanked while roleplaying incest , would you like your boyfriend telling other people about it ? 
  playfulness/teasing is probably the thing that makes me go from being just a little attracted to being very attracted to a woman, 
  i think it 's meaningless , there 's no such thing as being a `` better '' person , being a happier person is what matters, 
  not offended but it would be strange considering that i live in a safe place , walk instead of driving and i 'm rarely drunk enough to be an easy target, 
  depends on the type of bar , but mostly beer : paulaner , guiness and dos equis are my favorites . 
  if i 'm not having beer then gin and tonic, 
  leather/latex leggings and high heels, 
   `` the fact that you 're not gay is proof that there is a god , and that he hates fags . '',
