  i 'm glad to know that , good luck, 
  as i said , i have n't watched star wars , so is that a reference to the part when obi wan is fired from his job for not donating to a charity ? 
  manboobz is mentioned on the post so yeah , i would n't doubt it, 
  i agree , we know more about how to make a company profitable than music executives that run profitable companies, 
   i 'm even going to refrain from calling you a pedophilia apologist even though i really want to right now, 
  wat , why the hell are these people this passive aggressive ? 
  if he 's following the rules that have been laid for the subreddit then he 's doing his job well , just because he wo n't delete content that is offensive to some , but not rule breaking , it does n't mean that he is n't moderating . 
  i dunno , i mean , while the girl in question seems like trash , it still does n't make the story any less amusing , but yeah she 's a cunt, 
  he 'll probably use a new username, 
   `` death star '' of passive-aggressive self loathing, 
  perfect , just perfect, 
   the userbase grew up and with it became more politically/socially schizophrenic, 
  ftfy pumpkin pie, 
  read the subreddit drama thread on laurelai , these people are literally mentally ill, 
  we all do , we all do, 
  i suppose some people do like role-playing rape , so using a safe word would certainly make sense, 
  i would certainly like it, 
  bah , como me cagan esos chistesitos sexistas cursis, 
  oh the horror !, 
  will someone please think of the scatophiles !, 
  tbh he was n't circlejerking , he was just jerking, 
   a white straight male, 
  he 's a half mexican jew, 
  is n't this an urban myth ? 
  not to be a cunt , but there are several subreddits already for posting your cute cat photos : [ / r/cats ] ( / r/cats ) [ / r/aww ] ( / r/aww ) come to mind, 
  women have a right to not shave their armpits if they so wish ; i have a right to be disgusted by it, 
   death threats, 
  i would like to see the threats in question , and no , some 14 year old saying `` die u bitch '' on a message board does n't count as a death threat, 
  you 're pathetic, 
  it 's a 7 page article , what is the topic of it ? 
  thank you , i 'll give it a read tomorrow, 
  i have no idea , that 's like asking me why i 'm not attracted to fat women , or why i prefer brunettes over blondes , it 's a purely subjective matter, 
   but they have the right to be upset if you make fun of them all over the internet . 
  sure, 
   if you find something unappealing , you do n't have to torment the person over it . 
  agreed , never said i would , i simply said i 'm disgusted by it, 
  meh , complaining about someone saying mean things on facebook is akin to complaining about bathroom graffiti, 
  he 's having a family gathering ? 
  a bbq ? 
  he owns a bar ? 
  he owns a small concert venue ? 
  this is a silly submission, 
  i was about to instigate you to partake in carnal relations with your own self until i finished reading your comment . 
   drop me a pm and we can raise a glass of whisky toast to absent friends . 
  do people make this offers seriously with the intention of drinking with someone they have never met ? 
  i would like taking someone on that offer just to punish them for making silly offers, 
  scotland is one of my options for my university 's year abroad ( strathclyde specifically ) , so yes , if i eventually choose it i will take you on that offer , i will save this post and will send you a message even if you forget about , i will bloody take you on that offer sir and you 're gon na buy the shit out of that first round, 
  edit : i 'm tagging you on res, 
   take your pick !, 
  neither , you 're just ~ ~ socially retarded ~ ~ socially challenged, 
  would n't that defeat the whole purpose of having a gold standard in the first place ? 
   deflation is not bad, 
  personally i believe we should adopt the dildo standard , in honor of congressman paul, 
  please go back to [ / r/conspiracy ] ( / r/conspiracy ) and/or [ / r/politics ] ( / r/politics ) and stop shitting up this place, 
  i 'm not engaging you in a discussion for the same reason i do n't engage a bum ranting about lizard people, 
  he was an extremely important mathematician , howeevr , iirc he was kind of a cunt as a person, 
   if i 'm just an idiot , then why waste your time with me at all ? 
  to make fun of you, 
  not really , you 're shitting up a place that should be a haven for rational discussion with your paranoid ramblings , you 're doing the equivalent of breaking into a university lecture and flinging poo at everyone , and that , friendo , makes you fair game for ridicule . 
  sure , i my comment was regarding the `` coolest guy in history '' part of his comment, 
  i read part of his biography in `` a brief history of time `` by stephen hawking , basically he sabotaged other academics, 
  maybe the audience of that type of shows is mostly female ? 
  who cares about reality when lies cater to your prejudices ? 
  weird , i held hands with a girl who has been in a relationship for 4 years ( and no , she does n't plan on cheating ), 
  how could you say you do n't love someone if you would n't eat his poop ? 
  i believe it 's also because their kills are usually ( or at least theoretically ) priority targets ( like an engie in his nest , a heavy-medic combo , etc ), 
  their spencer , do n't kill it !, 
  bad breath , obesity and ugg boots, 
  stop being a bloody doormat , and man the fuck up instead of bitching about it on reddit, 
  [ also lawyer up , hit the gym and delete facebook ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ bonus advice , get a dashboard cam ] ( / spoiler ), 
  well i held hands , danced , touched her ass , even lightly licked her neck , but she still would n't let me kiss her , so i dunno , maybe she 's just weird, 
  memes eventually fail when they 're a result of a conscious pursuit of glory for the creator, 
  yes !, 
  i like this idea , it 's feasible and it wo n't get me on the sexual offender registry unlike the top comment, 
  dropping our collective pants, 
  yeah , ordering pizza out of state qualifies as delivery boy abuse, 
  the upside of being a perv, 
  your neighbor sounds like an asshole , you sound like a shitty neighbor, 
  i would do the hustle, 
  hopefully, 
  in the i-let-my-dog-shit-in-public-property kind of way ? 
  or perhaps in the i-want-revenge-on-someone-who-threatened-my-dog-years-ago kind of way ? 
  i was gon na ask the same thing , i mean you do n't need to be one of those fancy rocket surgeons with phds to log in to facebook, 
  i 'm going by the stuff you posted on your own thread , you should n't be letting your dog piss and shit in public property , and you also mentioned this happened years ago , so you 're planning on getting revenge on some crazy who said he would shoot your dog years ago , so yeah , you do sound like a shitty neighbor , deal with it, 
  this seems like a superfluous submission , i mean , yeah it 's a good comment , but there are thousands of these every day, 
  he is captain rascal 's partner in crime, 
  would a photo with a gay related pun draw the ire of reddit ? 
  so ... how does one go about meeting female gymnasts ? 
  i 'm sort of a grammar nazi when it comes to both spanish ( my native language ) and english , though i 'm only one when the error is particularly ridiculous ( think of people who write `` should of '' or `` off of '' ) . 
  you forgot to add : huehauehauheuah, 
   avoid the phrase ` off of ' at all costs, 
   many uk authorities urge that the `` of '' should be omitted as redundant ... some american authorities also discourage it in formal writing, 
   not standard i got the knife off of him before he ran away . 
  being used for a long time does n't make it any less wrong ( plenty of archaic spellings and grammatical forms become errors over time ) , and while it is n't completely prohibited ( due to the fact that , unlike other languages , english does n't have a central authority ) , it is certainly discouraged . 
  there 's already a territory control mode , everyone hates it, 
   the scrotum skin dance, 
  i thought you were speaking about a specific dance move, 
  clever girl ... 
   zionists are just nationalist jews who will stop at nothing to ensure the protection of israel and its people .
