  tfw no empire, 
  i did too , the man looks like a low-level bureaucrat that has been passed over for promotion for 20 years . 
  well costa rica is pretty good . 
  it 's popular for lower middle-class/poor people and hipsters . 
  the rest of the country does n't care . 
  yeah i think that europeans underestimate concacaf : last world cup mexico , the us and costa rica all made it past the group stage coming ahead of countries like croatia , engliand , portugal and italy . 
  i do n't think it 's so much that your women are good , it 's just that the rest of the world does n't really care about the women 's game . 
  edit : grammar . 
  jesus christ i nver thought i would make that mistake !, 
  muslims do n't drink alcohol in the same way that christians do n't have premarital sex . 
  just go to chat roulette , you 'll have videos of guys wanking on camera to last you a lifetime, 
  it 's like trump supporters are no longer bothering to pretend that they are n't racist shit-heads . 
  because he 's xtreme and he 's about to teach you some xtreme facts for you, 
  it is especially stupid considering the area of the field where he 's doing it , i could understand it if he did that close to the rival 's goal in an attempt to get a freekick , but close to his own area he had little to win and a lot to lose . 
   we 're especially fond of cinco de mayo, 
  why ? 
  texas was no longer a part of mexico at the time , is it because ignacio zaragoza ( mexican general that defeated the french ) was texan ? 
   it is the hardest part of the job . 
  especially in the us , i mean , i imagine that the president of guatemala can get away with being ignorant on these issues , but not the commander in chief of the biggest army in the world and the second largest nuclear arsenal . 
  ehhh the former first lady of argentina . 
  cristina fern\u00e1ndez , succeeded her husband , n\u00e9stor kirchner , as president . 
  oh but we should ignore that , it 's probably one of his famous negotiation techniques , he wrote a book about it so we know it 's legit . 
  why blow holes on it when you can just easily climb it ? 
  is n't `` whitey '' the biggest consumer of every single drug ? 
  as a mexican i hope that now that it 's americans that are dying and not just brown foreigners it will make the public reconsider the true human cost pf prohibitionist policies . 
   bring that garbage near my family , you 'll be hanging from a tree whether it 's legal or not . 
  then educate your children to not be junkies , without demand there 's no supply . 
  he could get in a diplomatic crate and then the vehicle . 
  he does n't need a ferry nor a plane to leave britain , he can drive through the channel tunnel . 
  you do n't even need that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts6joojf_wi, 
  does anyone remember the huge upsurge in central american children appearing on the us border ? 
  yeah , that decreased because mexico started enforcing its border laws , that could come back if we mexicans did away with visa requirements for people fromt those countries . 
  my view as a mexican is that we tend to make a distinction between the us as a state and americans as a people . 
  i do n't think that there is any major hostility against us citizens , we like foreigners in general , but there is definitely a neutral to negative view of your government . 
  there is a phrase attributed to mexican president ( and dictator ) porfirio d\u00edaz : `` pobre m\u00e9xico tan lejos de dios , tan cerca de estados unidos '' trans : poor mexico so far from god so close to the united states . 
  yeah i 'm actually not worried that he 'll be elected , what worries me is that there are so many people that agree with his message . 
  r1 : this is an example of the [ broken windows fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) , in short , blotting out the sun would indeed make candle makers very rich , but it would do so at the expense of everyone else who could have spent their money on something other than candles . 
  i never said that it was great that mexico was enforcing its border laws , if it were up to me i would do away with visa requirements for central americans . 
  if anyone thinks it 's great that mexico is enforcing its border laws it 's the united states because it means that fewer illegals get to your border . 
  yeah that 's why i posted it , it was the sheer absurdity of someone agreeing to an intentionally ridiculous argument . 
  it was kind of intentional , i feel that it 's an effective way of reaching out to laymen . 
  did n't sarkozy say that we should also teach the positive aspects of colonialism or something like that ? 
   asad butt, 
  hehe, 
   i could probably find a union funded study which finds that it killed jobs . 
  why are people so obsessed with the number of jobs ? 
  trade deals are neutral when it comes to the number of jobs , if you want to talk about wages that 's another matter . 
  i can tell you that on mexico 's side it 's been beneficial but it 's also increased inter-state inequality : central and northern states have grown massively due to manufacturing ( e.g. 
  the state of aguascalientes grew by more rthan 10 % !, 
  last year ) , on the other hand poor states in the south have n't benefitted at all . 
   for example , increased consumer savings = decreased consumer spending = drag on the market + economy . 
  this is only in the short run , a positive level of savings on the national level is actually pretty good , that 's how you pay for investment . 
  most of economic research deals with positive statements which expressly reject moral judgements . 
  whether gdp may grow by x % if y measure is taken is a morally neutral matter . 
  in theory the broken window fallacy may not apply when talking about an economy producing below potential output during the short-run . 
  well the second one is not that hard if you are a certain german pilot ... 
  that 's the average high , pamplona is cold enough to get snowfall every winter . 
   remember that trump supporters , by the way , consistently remind us that we do n't have the right to not be offended . 
  that 's the thing with people who like `` straight shooters '' and those that `` tell it like it is '' . 
  they only like it when people `` tell it like it is '' on subjects they agree on . 
  ffs what 's worng with this man ? 
  he keeps doing shit like this, 
  venezuela , brazil and argentina rode the commodity wave by enacting populists measures , now that commodities are down they 're struggling with very high rates of inflation and recessions . 
  contrast them to mexico who for the last 20 years has made a conscious effort to de-commoditize its economy , has kept its monetary policy tight and has kept debt levels relatively low . 
  that 's why inflation is under 3 % in mexico and it 's double and triple digits in the other countries . 
  you do remember that that final was decided on penalties right ? 
  italy having only conceded 2 goals is irrelevant , zidan was a fantastic penalty taker and could have made all the difference . 
  go crud yourself !, 
   most of them focus on the first couple of states and then they lose and drop out . 
  i do n't think anyone would think colorado would still in play now . 
  and how is this changing the rules ? 
  as far as i know canada uses a points based system that gives preference to people that speak engish or french and have useful skills which seems fairly reasonable . 
  the united states seems to have a very silly system on the other hand : http://reason.com/blog/2014/11/20/legal-immigration-explained, 
  what about slaves running away to canada or mexico ? 
  yeah we get a lot of shit from our northern neighbors but last time i went to the doctor it was entirely free , including the medication . 
  and before anyone says something about taxes : we have lower taxes than the us . 
  the wtf part is that it 's not pixelated, 
  ppp is used for per capita figures in order to adjust for cost of living , i really see no point in doing that for gross gdp . 
  why is it always americans defining what europeans define as european ? 
  i 've never heard of a german believing that people with turkish blood ca n't be german . 
  it 's also ridiculous because there are several countries in europe that face no military threats . 
  for example portugal , ireland , andorra , switzerland , etc. 
  you fought in ww2 ? 
  you invented the internet ? 
  you went to the moon ? 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  there are also other languages within historical castile itself , like leon\u00e9s . 
  i watched it yesterday , i do n't remember any speech . 
  anyway the movie is entertaining enough though the plot is very very simple and the characters are one-dimensional . 
  also , the trailer is a disgrace : it spoils pretty much the whole movie , so at no point in the movie did i feel any sort of tension because i already knew what was going to happen . 
  yeah it 's exactly how they act in the movie , the movie has zero nuance which is a shame because i think that the idea for the movie is rather original . 
  i think there are multiple definitions of castile , you can mean the small area that was the county of castile within the kingdom of leon , you can mean the autonomous communities of castile and leon and castile la mancha , you can mean everything that 's not historical navarre and aragon , etc. . . 
   vat taxes are not taxes on businesses , corporations , or really anyone who can pass that cost along the supply chain . 
  this is wrong unless you assume that demand for those goods is perfectly inelastic . 
  if there is any sort of elasticity in demand then producers would be losing business if they increased their prices in proportion to the increase in vat . 
  it 's also very easy for someone living in a rich country to say that economic migrants are greedy when they 've never had to work for 70 cents an hour . 
  you want to go to a different country ? 
  i think that there are plenty of things to see just along the mayan riviera . 
  you could visit yucat\u00e1n , campeche , chiapas ... all very touristy places, 
  the mexican supreme court has already decided that banning the personal recreational use of marijuana is unconstitutional , pe\u00f1a nieto is just playing stupid with this law and trying to stall the inevitable legalisation of marijuana for recreational purposes .
