  no , i 'm not . 
  i 've found it pretty easy to learn english compared to french , in fact , my english grammar is better than my spanish ( my native tongue ) grammar at times . 
  but captain sweden already exists !, 
  they are also black people , is gawker exploiting minorities for profit ? 
   lie down with their feet against the bottom of the screen , and watch it looking up . 
  the fuck ? 
  i do n't get in which position they were, 
  now that makes sense, 
  wut those just look like normal beef tacos , but made with a flour tortilla instead of corn, 
  oh yeah , you 're right, 
   fuck switzerland . 
  yeah you can do it legally !, 
  when talking about human trafficking are we including people that are illegally entering the country but without being coerced into it ? 
  only one guy said anything about it, 
  ok two guys :, 
  and, 
  does n't seem that interesting , more of a gimmick really, 
  oh come on , he seems pretty disorganized , but not really a dick or a bad person, 
  it 's like a rabona and an elastico mixed into one !, 
  will mexico send their first team to copa amperica or a b team ? 
  if you invest that in an etf and assume the historical average real rate of return for the market is 7 % you can live pretty damn well . 
  imo it would harm them and weaken them , but not stop them , after all , organised crime is a consequence of a lack of authority and honesty in government , as long as the mexican government remains weak and corrupt there will be violent crime , whether it 's by kidnapping , extorting or selling drugs, 
  15 , i kicked a ball and the muscle pulled a small piece of my hip, 
  you 're ignoring the most crucial of differences : what kind of different pizza toppings did they have ? 
   i think most city-dwellers would like to live somewhere like this , but for some reason our architects and city planners think we all want to live in skycrapers and functional blocks and dead end housing projects that wear us down and detach us from our humanity . 
  architects are n't dumb , it 's just that such type of housing is more efficient, 
  this is tabloid crap that should n't be posted here , moreover , that person just seems like an attention whore that has no proof of even knowing phelps, 
  why is he comparing men from the top 100 and women from the top 1000 ? 
  could it be that the lower you are ranked the lower your likelihood of blogging ? 
  yes , but why not compare men in the top 1000 vs women in the top 1000 ? 
  well , source ? 
   he begins by saying expanding the money supply is by definition inflation ( it 's not outside of some antiquated texts from 100 years ago ) and then says that inflation is coming , which makes no sense because by his definition it has already happened . 
  this , to me , shows just how dishonest austrians are : they use whichever definition of inflation is more convenient for them at the time . 
  why are n't they counting one goal ? 
  man that sounds so petty , marca is ridiculous, 
  if austrians strictly used the definition of inflation as an increase in the monetary base i would n't call them dishonest ( just stubborn ) , my problem is that austrians use the definition of inflation to mean `` a general increase in prices '' , but when asked for evidence of that they go back to defining inflation as `` an increase in the money supply '' . 
  for example , the likes of peter schiff claimed that the fed increasing the monetary base would provoke hyperinflation ( that is , they were defining inflation as an increase in prices ) , when that hyperinflation did n't happen they went back to the other definition of inflation as an increase in the monetary base ( which makes it a pretty stupid prediction in any case , `` increasing the money supply will increase the money supply '' no shit sherlock ) . 
  to clarify , there 's a lot of debate on whether conventional monetary policy can stimulate inflation , why not just give money to the average joe and let him spend it ? 
  yes , i 'm perfectly aware of it , what i 'm criticising is austrians nowadays going from that definition of inflation to the mainstream definition of inflation depending on what 's more convenient . 
  nitpick : it 's not `` marginal productivity '' it 's either marginal product or productivity , `` marginal productivity '' would be the second derivative of the production function with respect to labour . 
  it 's very difficult to know how high taxes really are in a country just by looking at nominal taxes given that it does n't account for things like deductions and exemptions ( btw the numbers you give are n't particularly high ) , a better way to measure that is by looking at fiscal pressure ( taxes as a percentage of gdp ) , in this regard mexico is only a bit higher than the us : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_revenue_as_percentage_of_gdp, 
   ok let 's take mcdonald 's ceo to see this actually is significant . 
  according to this [ 1 ] he made $ 9,496,664 in 2013 when considering salary and stock options . 
  worldwide they have about 440,000 employees . 
   so let 's say he gets zero pay , and all that pay goes to the other 439,999 employees split evenly . 
  hell , let 's make 439,899 and not give the top 101 paid people any of it . 
   that would mean an extra $ 21.59 a year ( or an extra $ 0.01 an hour for a full time worker ) for each of those employees . 
  thank you !, 
  this is something i 've argued before when discussing ceo pay and inequality, 
  yeah , when he said it was used for the day of the dead i immediately became suspicious , the day of the dead is a mexican adaptation of the catholic day of all saints, 
   jobs for which it would be easy to find an american to do . 
  so what ? 
  are you saying that an american deserves a given job more just because of his country of birth ? 
  this is precisely what i 'm trying to say , thank you . 
  i 'm speaking from a moral stand point , not from what politicians ought to do . 
   gilipollas . 
  nitpick : this is n't a mexican insult , it 's a spanish one . 
  yes but you should learn mexican properly , before yopu embarrass yourself in front of your amigos one day, 
  yeah , i 've heard many mexican-americans speak in spanish and it 's pretty bad actually . 
  1 like = 1 aware = 1 upvote, 
  lol , pinches chairos, 
  `` llamas '' also means flames, 
  yes , that was the joke he was making, 
  man , recycling bins get more and more specific every day, 
   my question is why do women get angry and care so damn much when men do have their own space ? 
  i think most women do n't care about there being men-only barbershops , the people protesting are just a tiny group of mentally ill fucks, 
  it does , he 's wrong . 
   but they would never shit where they sleep essentially . 
  they are n't stupid , if they have a good reputation in their home base then they can expect locals to cooperate by not snitching to the police . 
  i do n't think he 's saying that they literally ca n't , i believe he 's saying that it 's unethical to ignore the principle of presumption of innocence . 
  i do n't , but i 'm not closed to the idea . 
  i look like that and have a pretty good deadlift compared to my squat , i also have a mediocre bench, 
  would be a fantastic reply on her photo , do it op !, 
  wut , you 're making it sound like he 's saying she should have died or something ,, 
   `` it 's important to hear about another human being beating the odds '', 
  not caring about hearing of another human being beating the odds is n't the same thing as not wanting another human being to beat the odds, 
  `` if a lazy guy that does n't speak english and has no contacts in the country stole your job maybe you are just shit '' - louis ck i think, 
  the other guy said 10 / per day, 
  the story is n't even interesting at all, 
  nominal ? 
  o real ( descontando inflacion ) ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trolling here, 
  i 'm not rick but i think it 's something you wear on your head to tip at the ladies, 
   thanks to obama 's broadband affordability act . 
  wow thanks obama !, 
  gringos are always weirded out when i use british english , they assume that all mexicans learn english in the us or something . 
  shareholders ultimately own the assets that belong to mc donalds , so yeah , i think you need actual physical restaurants to make money . 
  having shareholders has nothing to do with being publicly traded , all companies public or not have shareholders . 
  sure , did i imply that they should n't be paid or something ? 
  again , that can happen with non-public companies , you can have an owner that delegates management on someone, 
  in mexico it could be that the poorest mexicans are keeping the average down , also anecdotically speaking mexico has many fat people , but we generally do n't have ultra fat people like the us that have to ride around a scooter . 
  yes but the food man , the food !, 
  no , it would deacrease since the relative distance between the richest and poorest would be smaller , let me give you an example : if i have 1 euro and you have 10 euros , you are ten times as rich as me ( 10/1 ) , if each of us gets 100 euros then you are just 1.09 ( 110/101 ) as rich as me , thus relative poverty ahs gone down . 
  nevertheless i understand your criticism of that metric : if everyone got a 50 % raise then the poverty rate would n't be changed despite the fact that the poorest now are much wealthier than before . 
  if i only make safe , defenssive passes can i still be carded ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  that 's time wasting you silly nanny, 
  who should i contact to get that procedure done ? 
  a plastic surgeon ? 
  `` when i told my classmates , they laughed at me , but not when i whipped out my huge penis !,
