  it 's a fantastic city full of quality food , culture , bars and architecture , personally i would much rather live there than in any place in the united states, 
   forms a bit off, 
  it 's actually awful , but yeah i imagine it 's hard having good form with just one arm, 
  not necessarily , trade between countries can be explained by different levels of technology ( ricardo model ) , but it can also be explained by different levels of factor allocation ( heckscher-ohlin ) or it can be explained by economies of scale ( new trade theory ) . 
  this last theory is important because it shows how countries that have the same technology and the same factor allocation still benefit from trading with each other , this article does a good job of explaining how : http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2008/10/what-is-new-tra.html, 
  but i thought that scandinavia and europe were being overrun by hordes of arabs and africans ? 
  how can europe be both full of arabs and africans and still be 100 % white at the same time ? 
  catalonia 's top marginal rate is above 50 % , but the spanish tax code has a silly amount of deductions and exemptions , so a skilled accountant can legally lower your bill by quite a bit, 
  v\u00e8ase carlos salinas y su doctorado en harvard or luis videgaray y su doctorado del mit, 
  physically smaller teams like japan do much better than you do , if you think that the us is n't good because of a lack of size or speed then you do n't understand this sport . 
  it 's not hard luck if you continuously give away penalties through sheer stupidity, 
  the `` dos a cero '' thing annoys me not because i feel salty about losing to them , but because i get second hand embarrassment when i hear it , it 's like the `` we do n't give a crud chant '' , just shit-tier gringo `` bantz '', 
  barbacoa is n't pork , it 's lamb, 
  how do you say `` tres a dos en tiempos extras '' in english ? 
   good for mexico but i would have liked to see that they take the win and just be good winners about it . 
  typical real mad fan ... 
  yeah , i do n't understand why this story gets reposted so much , always with the same title too, 
   how different is mexican spanish compared to european spanish - do n't want to say spanish spanish - or south american spanish ? 
  euro spanish has some grammatical and pronunciation peculiarities ( differentiating between the pronunciation of the c , s and z , and using `` vosotros '' ) , mexican spanish is more similar to the rest of latin american countries ( except for argentina ) . 
   whenever i heard something about mexico it was mostly related to violence and crime , how dangerous are the big cities really ? 
  depends on the city , i live in qur\u00e9taro and it 's pretty safe , places like juarez or matamoros are way more dangerous . 
   what kind of mexican food would you recommend tourists or foreigners overall ? 
  everything !, 
  my favourite is barbacoa ( lamb slowly cooked in maguey leaves in a hole in the ground ), 
   do you think complete legalisation of every drug out there like portugal did would help with the situation with the cartels ? 
  drugs are n't legalised in portugal , their consumption is decriminalised , just like in mexico, 
   what do people think would be the best thing to do against the cartels ? 
  i believe they are the result of a weak ineffective state and terrible poverty , you solve those and you get rid of the cartels , easier said than done though, 
   wait , every drug is decriminalised already ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  article 478 ( in spanish ) :, 
  i have to add that decriminalising consumption is not the same as legalising production ( it 's still illegal in portugal and mexico to produce and sell drugs , you just wo n't go to jail for consuming certain amounts ), 
   this is devastating to my worldview since i always held the belief that this would solve things ... maybe because it is not de-criminalised in the usa , where most of mexico 's cartels export their drugs to ? 
  cartels do n't just sell drugs , they extort , kidnap , enslave and traffick humans , even if the us legalised things would n't change that much, 
  despite being latino i will not be cheering for argentina , they are by far the most disliked country in latin america and my own experience playing with argentinians has been overwhelmingly negative ( not that i hate argies , but the balance tips slightly against them , while i 'm neutral on the other countries ) . 
  go everyone else !, 
  it 's not about sports ( though the argie dominance in soccer does n't help ) . 
  at least in my experience a significant number ( but not all , or even the majority ) of argentinians i 've met have been unbelievably cuntish . 
  i have n't met more unpleasant people from any other country , and apparently other latin americans agree . 
  not really , no . 
   in any case the people who follow rugby in argentina is not the same trash that follows soccer, 
  funnily enough the most unpleasant argies i 've met were rugby players , almost made me quit the game . 
  though i repeat : i do n't hate argies , i do n't think most argies are cunts , i 've just had so many extremely negative interactions with them that my view of the country is slighly negative . 
  i dunno , i 've heard similar opinions coming from other latinos . 
   not that this is your case . 
  hopefully someday you can change your mind . 
  i genuinely hope so too !, 
  i do n't think colonialism is something to be proud about , i consider ending the brutality of oppression an upgrade , not a downgrade . 
  not from th us : dopeople really count vietnam as a victory ? 
  there 's a hidden assumption in your comment : that because some people have a lot of money others do n't . 
  i think that before talking about designing a new system you should challenge your own assumptions and see if they stand up to scrutiny . 
  that seemed like an intellectually honest and fruitful exercise , i 'm glad i could help you in opening your mind to different ways of thinking . 
  i would also like to add that nationalism is n't a majorly right wing phenomenon as it may be in europe , in fact i think leftists are generally more nationalistic than right wingers, 
  for real , my mom has spanish citizenship , i have actually lived in spain , and i 'm still not spanish , i do n't have spanish citizenship, 
   though tbh should be really good for their tourism , and thus the economy in general . 
  depends on the consumption model they adopt : if they fully legalise like colorado sure , if they legalise like spain or the netherlands using the `` private club model '' then tourists wo n't be able to consume ( the private club model requires you to get a membership , which in turn requires proof of residence ), 
  they are n't legislating , they are deciding if the ban on marijuna goes against the mexican constitution, 
  the supreme court does n't pass laws , it reviews if laws violate the constitution which is what they are doing now, 
  * triggered *, 
  that person actually does n't even know that it 's called `` d\u00eda de muertos '' not `` d\u00eda de los muertos '', 
  it specially annoys me that this person ca n't even get the name of the celebration right : it 's called `` d\u00eda de muertos '' not `` d\u00eda de los muertos '' . 
  fun fact : that 's also why texas seceded from mexico , slavery was abolished by mexico almost immediately after independence and us immigrants in mexico wanted to keep their slaves, 
  at least when it comes to business schools europe can certainly fight back : esade in spain , st gallen in switzerland , insead in france , etc attract plenty of worldwide talnet , including from the us, 
  i think that would cost the website a lot given the amount of traffic reddit gets . 
  this depends on the country , public toilets are free in spain, 
  well i 'll have you know that mexico is the world champion in mesoamerican ball game , last year we literally killed guatemala in the final !, 
  tbh baseball is pretty popular in the caribbean , mexico and east asia, 
  i would also like to recommend bernal , quer\u00e9taro , it 's also a `` pueblo m\u00e1gico '', 
   asturleonese is also an actual language . 
  yeah but tbh it has completely fused with castilian to the point that asturians speak some weird mix depending on how old and rural they are, 
  let 's say technologiccal progress creates two classes : those that own robots and those that do n't , are these people suggesting that those that do n't have robots will just stand around doing nothing ? 
  what exactly would prevent them from trading goods and services between themselves ? 
  how exactly will those that do n't own robots pay for those goods ? 
  of course i know that , i was trying to use the socratic method on you because i assumed that you agreed with the linked comments . 
   and why does catalonia has n't tried to achieve the same economic independence that the basque country has ? 
  it sounds more plausible than full independence . 
  they actually tried with the `` estatut '' , but the spanish constitutional court did n't let them . 
   the country with one language , basque . 
  here you go patxi, 
   i too can do the same , but would have to drive 30 mins because , you know , ` stralya is beeeg . 
  yeah , prety much the same thing happens in mexico city , or any other big city, 
  it 's on the way to the huasteca , but not there as far as i remember, 
  wear whatever you want , you 're going to stand out anyway and we mexicans are n't as fashion conscious as euros . 
  bring anything that 's typical from your area as a gift , it can be some type of pastry , alcohol , art work , etc. 
  have fun !, 
  enjoy my city !, 
  in this post : chairo envidioso, 
  is it considered high for international prices ? 
  well the irish rugby team seems to be working fine ( made up by players from northern ireland and the republic of ireland ) , why would n't a football league work ? 
  sure . 
  why exactly should currency manipulation by trading partners be seen as a negative thing given that by cheapening their currency in relation to ours they are subsidising our consumption to the detriment of their own consumers ? 
  alright, 
  not really , it 's because he provoked a red card in san mames, 
  yeah this is something that has to be kept in mind when seeing racist or dumb shit posted by people here , it 's usually not the most successful of people posting ( not that i think being a security guard is wrong ), 
  mirata este cuando vuelvas de la chamba : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6o2y8l9ft8, 
  i do n't think he even knows what a `` crimea '' is, 
  mexican food is very greasy and spicy and if your stomach is n't used to it you will have issues , for example , i 'm a mexican who lived in europe for many years , when i came back i spent the first month getting stomach problems all the time, 
  we must synergise our diversity in order to leverage in the developing multicultural market of social networks and new technologies, 
   ( i remember epn 's daughter talking shit about `` asalariados '' ) . 
  minor correctin : she was talking about the `` prole '' , the asalariados comment is from the `` ladies of polanco '',
