  whata bout investments with high fixed costs like biomedical research or engineering ? 
  jesus christ , ca n't redditors stop beating a dead horse ? 
  yeah yeah potato , is politburo harr harr, 
  personally i preferred the part when they crush living children 's skulls with their boots, 
  i also loved blood meridian , would you recommend reading no country for old men even after watching the movie ? 
  i detest cracked.com , would i still find the book enjoyable ? 
  while a lot of research is done out of enjoyment , plenty of research is also done out of profit motives , how exactly would the research that is done for profit be replaced by research done out of enjoyment ? 
  i do n't like the humor , i do n't like when they write about serious topics and oversimplify them in order to make dumb jokes , i do n't like the social justice warrior tendency in the site , etc, 
  do you understand the concept of a fixed cost ? 
  how exactly would it be profitable to make a sunk fixed investment if you ca n't hold exclusive rights to it afterwards ? 
  he also deadlifts less than he benches, 
  hehe , yeah i was talking about the patent thingy , i 'm favourable towards the income thing , though still not fully convinced , i would need to see actual papers written by economists before i made up my mind . 
   sadly i live in cancun, 
  nothing sad about living in cancun, 
  yes , nothing is as solemn as posting steam screenshots next to gaming may-mays, 
  people that care about that sort of thing are mongoloids, 
   statistically a particular economist may have a slightly better than random ability to predict short term trends , but when it comes to long term specifics most economists might as well be guessing . 
  your problem is that you 're trying to judge all economists as if they were astrologists and as if macroeconomics were the only field of economics , there 's plenty of empirical research in economics based around natural experiments . 
  just bing it !, 
  people here are taking seriously a troll photo ... 
  that house is gorgeous, 
  she is n't necessarily conntradicting herself , as we all know it was the white men that fabricated those false rapes, 
  i know very little about mma , is it more brutal than , say , boxing or doing judo at that age ( which many children do ) ? 
  i really liked intro stats :, 
  aka every goodgirlgina may-may, 
  misleading title, 
  jesus christ , there 's a special place in hell reserved for those kinds of people , i mean , i 'm not offended if i 'm not invited in the first place , but do n't invite me to do something , make me reserve time for that ( rejecting other alternatives ) and then not fucking follow through with the invitation, 
  eh , the pope wearing a clown nose is a bit interesting, 
  what is it with moms and this sort of shit ? 
  mine finds superstitions absurd but believes in quantum healing and all that nonsense, 
  interesting article , but it seems kind of bold to make such punctual predictions, 
  it 's mildly interesting how he 's white haired while looking at a chick with white hair, 
  jesus what an awful piece of partisan politics , it starts by saying that friedman criticized the euro ( as did many many professional economists , krugman included ) and then ends up on some rant about obama, 
  i really like neck kissing , but i do n't like the idea of having a mark on my neck, 
  i just was n't familiar with that site , i 'll keep the name in mind next time i see it pop up here, 
  it 's county wicklow , friendo, 
  gee i wonder why feminists struggle to find men that identify as feminists, 
  a toned flat butt can look nice , do n't be pessimistic , moreover , toned abs , legs and arms look pretty nice, 
  i had a pretty shitty friend when i was a kid/teen , like he would treat me like crap whenever it would make him look cool in front of anyone else , apart from that i have n't felt the need to cut off friendships, 
  it 's strange to see spaniards so high , most of them ca n't speak english for shit, 
  yeah , seriously , a fucking post from [ / r/gaming ] ( / r/gaming ) is n't supposed to be a source, 
  barcelona is a very touristy place in spain , and catalans are very highly educated , my experience in asturias is that they speak very little english . 
  this is a really good post , thank you . 
  i do n't understand something about the graph : why are n't both the voucher line and the cash line at the same intercept on the y axis ? 
  i mean , if the y axis represents housing is n't the maximum amount of housing that i can consume with the voucher 3750 ? 
  two things :, 
  1 how was that research conducted ? 
  if you ask people what they want they will usually respond a mixture of what 's socailly acceptable and what they truly desire . 
  2 how was power and status measured ? 
  perhaps money may play a lower role in status in those countries if it 's less valued , how about other areas like sport , education or other types of fame ? 
  ahh i see , now i get it, 
  if those are stated ( rather than revealed ) preferences then it may be unreliable : people tend to give more socially acceptable answers rather than truthful answers ( for example , when people are asked how often they participate in highbrow cultural activities they overstate their participation ), 
  no eches la sal culero, 
  definitely , mexican rugby is n't professional , and to the best of my knowledge no single player in the national team does so profesionally, 
  blogspam, 
  zara seems to work for me, 
  edit : i buy regular fit jeans, 
  op , gawker is blospam ( just copy pasting stuff from another source ) , use the link to the actual blog instead : http://littleblackblog.net/2013/09/24/im-26-whats-a-filter/, 
  trigger warning for suicide , why are you so insensitive ? 
  do n't you know you can trigger panic attacks on sensitive people that lurk [ / r/shitredditsays ] ( / r/shitredditsays ) ? 
  are you literally hitler ? 
  also , dad dicks were bigger back then, 
  terrorists beheading terrorists is pretty funny, 
  osea que es blogspam, 
  at least he can be happy knowing you got a lot of karma for his death, 
   i also believe that it is appropriate . 
  i do n't see why the general public - both men and woman - can not accept the fact that there are jobs or tasks that men perform better than woman and vice versa . 
  yes , however , it is only men thata re forced to perform a service to the satet , and not women . 
  i think it would be fair if women were drafted for some form of civil service . 
  what 's the point of investing in hedge funds when most ca n't reliably beat index funds ( and actually perform worse if you take into account the fees ) ? 
  also , what kind of proof is that ? 
  most of the crap that gets posted here would n't even qualify for [ / r/mildlyinteresting ] ( / r/mildlyinteresting ), 
  do you always respond qquestions directed at other people ? 
  god damnit , fucking arabs adding cheesy effects to videos, 
  wut , no econometrics ? 
  no linear programming ? 
   perhaps you 'd be better served by stepping down as a moderator here, 
  and let paultards and the [ / r/politics ] ( / r/politics ) crowd take over ? 
  and that reason is because there 's a jewish/reptilian/nwo conspiracy to keep the gold stardard down !, 
  yeah , why have we been getting so many of these articles lately ? 
  how exactly is the laffer curve hogwash ? 
  do you disagree with the notion that there 's a theoretical rate of taxation between 0 and 100 where tax revenues are maximized ? 
  completely agreed , vapid shitposts like this should be discouraged lest we become [ / r/gaming ] ( / r/gaming ) with its may-mays, 
  yes , it 's sad to see how the name of a poor , poor con artist is being slandered, 
  well , then it 's good when someone that you dislike for destroying people for their own personal gain dies . 
  few things to start off with  1 . 
  yes i replied to your thread because you 're a female poster , ` tis an awesome thing to see !, 
  i 'm brian . 
  do n't be intimidated , but i 'm not a stereotypical guy . 
  if anything , i 'll be the one in the kitchen =d . 
  do muslims believe in the immaculate conception of jesus ? 
  he kills the double after he comes back from america, 
  would have been alright for / r/mildlyinteresting, 
   since the agreement went into force in 1994 , the country 's annual per capita growth flat-lined to an average of just 1.2 percent -- one of the lowest in the hemisphere . 
  en este grafico se ve que la tasa de creciento ya era bastante mala antes de los 90 http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:rentaesppormex.png, 
  edit : typos . 
  huh ? 
  the article seems really shallow in content and a lot of that has nothing to do with `` hook up culture '', 
  is the size of the territory corrected for comparisons against places that are closer to the equator ? 
  i see , thanks .
