  if you are willing to have and enjoy oral and anal sex i would be fine with it , but i would n't like being in a relationship with someone that does n't want to have sex, 
  i love eating meat , lifiting weights , the outdoors and violent sports, 
  if you know that you wo n't be able to hold the city it makes sense , sometimes i like to send an army in a slash and burn mission deep into the enemy territory away from their armies , i know that i ca n't hold those cities but i can get rich and destroy my enemy that way, 
   dear conspiracy theorists ,, 
  i do n't necessarily agree with the poster you 're replying to , but companies do things like this all the time , they create artificial scarcity http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artificial_scarcity, 
  and it can be very very effective, 
   well , she has now clarified that oral is out because it makes her horny , and she ca n't stimulate herself, 
  she ca n't rub her clit ? , i think some women can get off from anal , but i 'm not sure, 
  here i am shirlord , your trigger warning , what now ? 
  who are the people telling you you 're stunning ? 
  are they your friends and family or are they strangers and people you are n't too close with ? 
  the answer is important because we all get told that we 're attractive by the people that care about us , but it 's more rare to get told you 're stunning by people that do n't know you much, 
  well i 'm 6 ' tall so a girl taller than me would be a little unattractive , but if i liked her i would n't care, 
  we have a negative attitude about it because you 're violating someone 's trust , it 's like asking why people have a negative attitude about stealing from your friends, 
  if your friends tell you you 're stunning it 's worth as much as your grandma telling you you 're rad, 
  at first i thought that the interviewees were the reason for the cringe , that was good op, 
  so the same thing as typecasting ? 
  i do n't see why not , or you could use a put option to sell gold at current price in the future and profit from a decrease in price, 
  other examples are mar\u00eda ( mary ) and in\u00e9s ( agnes i think ) , mar\u00eda is pretty common if your name is jos\u00e9 mar\u00eda . 
   my dad used to work for ted 's dad at some point, 
  bundy 's paternity was never known , he was raised by his grandparents, 
  edit : apparently bundy was adopted later in life by his step father in tacoma, 
   in a desperate way to protect their exporters, 
  you mean the woman that passed taxes on exports as a way of discouraging exports is protecting exporters ? 
  agreed , it 's actually the other way around , monetary expansion ( printing pesos ) is financing government spending, 
  such wacky antics !, 
  i normally come to this place just to see whatever the hell is being `` bestof ` ed '' totally debunked/ridiculed in the comments, 
  i wonder if we could fool the conspiratards into believing one of those ... 
  we railroad now hueheu, 
  personally i believe in freedom of speech , even for nutcases , but britain has very restrictive speech laws so in accordance to those laws ( that i disagree with ) radicals should be dealt with . 
  is it similar to blood sausage ? 
  same here , you skub hating scum, 
  i grew the most at ages 15-17 so if you 're like me you will, 
  shy and clueless men exist in latin america too you know ? 
  and i have met plenty that do n't , source : i 'm latin american, 
  sounds like ego-massaging horseshit just like that dumb quote of women dressing for other women not men, 
  yeah i mean it was unfunny imo , but not all that cringeworthy , or at least no more cringeworthy than other low budget ads, 
  and we would have gotten away if it were n't for those meddling muslims , oy vey, 
  the guy could have a life insurance policy, 
   can it be cultivated in europe ? 
  perhaps that 's something that should go on [ / r/askscience ] ( / r/askscience ), 
  i know a model from university , she 's tall and skinny but not really attractive, 
   i finally asked one of the managers what was up with getting hit on while i 'm grading - it happens way more often than when i 'm simply reading , or playing pool . 
  seems like a good excuse to start a conversation, 
   i have made all of this as an experiment to see if the message can outweigh the aesthetics if there is enough tangible visible sacrifice in them, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  that 's too vanilla for me, 
  i hope they give us parthia instead of seleucia , since seleucia would have less unique units since it was a successor state imho, 
   i 'd expect this averni general to be a badass in melee , whereas the roman general would be a cavalry unit . 
  they already kind of did that with medieval 2 , aztec and mayan generals had guards on foot . 
  will this be played in teh us ? 
  i 'm in europe so i would get terrible lag if it were, 
  personally i hate it when they have pointy elbows and knees too round, 
  i loved playing rugby and i gave mma a try during the summer so i suppose i enjoy violence , however i do n't like real fights with random people . 
  seconding stoitsov 's body , one day ... 
  heuheu completely agreed, 
   8 factions , with more unlocked as you pay ? 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't understand , what 's so bad about selling the puppies ? 
  http://www.stlouisfed.org/publications/re/articles/?id=2160 . 
  http://www.stlouisfed.org/publications/re/articles/?id=2160 . 
  i 'm pretty much spamming this link all over the place, 
  http://www.stlouisfed.org/publications/re/articles/?id=2160 . 
  he 's most certainly known as `` that guy '', 
  when the coming hyperinflation strikes and the accumulated filth of all their fiat currency and expansionary monetary policy will foam up about their waists and all the statists and politicians will look up and shout `` save us pablo ! '' ... 
  and you 'll whisper `` baaa . '', 
  they are popular with libertarians because they see bitcoin as an alternative currency that can compete with the dollar , and not be subject to devaluation by the government . 
   that said , most of the men that i talked to seemed to prefer the idea of having a bull of a different race, 
  what races did non-white men choose ? 
  ( i imagine most white men wanted black men as bulls ), 
  i think talking to him and getting to know him , at least a little bit would be better than straight up asking him out, 
  ehh i read the whole profile , she seemed demanding but pretty reasonable tbh, 
  listening to alizee, 
  personally if a girl asked me out to a party and then made out with another guy i would just assume that she is n't interested in me . 
  i do n't believe all is lost for op , but now she 's the one that will have to do most of the legwork . 
  i was with two girls and a friend , the girls kept ordering shots and trying to get us drunk , i made an excuse and left asap ( yes the girls were unattractive ), 
  it gets better with time , i 've been putting myself out there for the last 2 years and at first i missed many obvious chances , now that i 'm a bit more experienced i can instantly tell when i 'm in with a woman, 
  rub your hands around his pecs, 
   i seem to be able to say really offensive things and girls just tell me i 'm funny . 
  this happens to me all the time , i still do n't know if i 'm unbelievably charming or they just tolerate me for being alright looking, 
  damn that sucks, 
  yeh further above there 's a guy that claimed to be an 8 before shooting himself in the face , honestly he was pretty plain looking before doing that, 
  and it 's not necessarily a bad thing , perhaps he was simply more confident and that 's why he had more women ? 
  i 've heard of amas by those meme `` celebrities '' , why would somebody do that ? 
  like , what 's remarkable about them other than having their photo posted on the internet with dumb jokes ? 
  maybe try [ / r/oney ] ( / r/oney ) ? 
  i dislike it for the most part , i 'm only ok with it if you 're adding to the conversation and are aware that this is a male-centric subreddit ( in the same that [ / r/askwomen ] ( / r/askwomen ) and [ / r/twoxchromosomes ] ( / r/twoxchromosomes ) are women centered ), 
   also why am i being down-voted , fuck me for telling my experience right . 
  i downvote people that complain about being downvoted , so get a downvote from my part, 
  as a related question : when was the last time that european armies fielded archers and crossbows in battle ? 
  what the hell does this have to do with feminism ? 
  are you mentally ill ? 
  i bet op 's boyfriend is trying some stupid pua routine he read on `` roissy in dc ( some pua blog that used to get spammed all the time in 4chan 's / r9k / a couple of years ago , absolute crap ) '' about making her feel insecure and that she has to compete with other people, 
  the more comments i see in a post the higher the percentage of shitposting i see , the retards that make [ / r/politics ] ( / r/politics ) and [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) shit are doing it here too, 
  honestly reddit serves as a pretty good archive for very specific tastes , so it 's natural that there are so many porn subreddits, 
  just to add to this , whenever i get professional photos for bureaucracy or whatever , i get surprised at how good i look in those , while if i take a photo of myself i look much uglier, 
  hehe good point, 
  but man , fuck this , he 's giving you * real * tough love advice man, 
  and before you settle into your bed covered in dorito crumbs this thought crosses your mind :, 
  `` in this moment , i am euphoric .
