   the thing we get mad about is people living here and not paying taxes . 
  do people genuinely believe that mexicans are leaving their families behind , risking their lives crossing the border and doing shit jobs in one big conspiracy to not pay taxes ? 
  few things to start off with , 
  1 . yes i commented on your post because you 're a female / r/justneckbeardthings poster , ` tis an awesome thing to see !, 
  i 'm / u/omgtriggerwarning . 
  do n't be intimidated , but i 'm not a stereotypical guy . 
  if anything , i 'll be the one in the kitchen . 
  what the fuck happened to playing the last games of the tournament at the same time ? 
  i 'm aware of that , that 's precisely why i find it shocking that they are n't doing it, 
   just because a private school performs better or worse relative to a public school is not reason enough to validate the proposed voucher systems . 
  but that 's not his argument , his argument is that : just because a private school performs better or worse relative to a public school is not reason enough to invalidate the proposed voucher systems . 
  i did n't defend the voucher system , i said that his argument was that just because a given private school is bad it does n't mean that vouchers are bad . 
  you have a serious problem with reading comprehension . 
  why do you even want to study in the usa ? 
  if you want to study english at an english speaking country why not do it in scotland where you 'll have free tution , access to scholarships and be able to work there legally ? 
  is she mexican-american ? 
  i 've never seen bud light in mexico, 
   and he knows that now on facebook he has more than 4,000 likes . 
  oh man , how heart warming, 
  cruding disgraceful !, 
   the greatest atletico madrid side ever ( in my opinion ), 
  last season was in fact the best liga season in the history of atleti, 
  yeah , excatly what i was thinking , throwing rocks , glass houses , etc, 
  what makes me laugh the most is how the title of that post hits all the buzzwords that would make redditors click , like it was taken out of an / r/circlejerk post, 
  i prefer cinco a zero friend-o, 
  maybe in the 2016 tournament we will be sending our a squad and will put a good performance, 
  yes , not knowing vanilla ice songs is the defining characteristic of spoiled children, 
  top 10 reasons guardiola thinks messi is the best of all time , number 6 will blow your mind !, 
  it 's crudding embarrassing when they use terrible songs , song sheets are widely used and there 's nothing wrong with them per se, 
  liverpool has some great history, 
  your team has a shitty cup, 
  so it 's no mistery, 
  that they do n't give a crud, 
  lol butthurt, 
   the one that gets me is charging me for a bank account . 
  it makes sense to charge for a bank account if you do n't have enough money there for them to generate loans and thus pay for the cost of giving you that service, 
   does it ? 
  if so why do other countries not do it . 
  in my experience in mexico and spain you get charged fees if you do n't meet certain criterions ( having at least x average balance during a month for example ) , and apparently canada and the us do it too , which countries do n't charge some sort of fee ? 
   elsewhere you pay to borrow and get paid for your deposits . 
  it depends , if you have 100 dollars in an account the profit generated by that is n't enough to pay for the cost of providing you banking services ( employees ' salaries , electricity bills of branches , atms , etc ), 
   as for the profit on the account , they make that from the services you use . 
  if you only use it to hold money they do n't, 
   i mean outside of north america banks still make billions of profit without fees . 
  a bank will still charge you if they are n't making money from you , the rest of their profits are irrelevant, 
  are there people out there who seriously have sex this way ? 
  it definitely is n't, 
  maybe a teenager that just started working out would n't, 
  i work at a bank you dolt, 
  i can literally open up a window that tells me how much a given client is giving us and how much he 's costing us , i know perfectly how much we charge and for what , i know on what things money is being spent and how it 's earned , but by all means , do enlighten me with your knwoledge of banking, 
   and its not like the bull gets to off the matador and go slay some hefers in a pasture for the rest of his natural days . 
  actually , bulls that show great aggressivity are allowed to live, 
   catholic school from k-12 , learned about other religions , dinosaurs and evolution while there . 
  that 's because catholicism accepts the theory of evolution, 
   that is an absolute lie , there is zero chance that you have access to that information . 
  i have access to that information on clients that have an account in my specific office , not any client . 
  it 's actually quite easy to check , and not some hidden thing . 
   i 'd love to hear how this magic window calculates on the spot how much a client is costing them ... 
  no idea how it does it , but it does, 
  quite frankly i do n't give a shit if you believe me , i feel dumb for even arguing with someone that has a strong opinion on a subject he clearly does n't understand, 
  in mexico we had to gather all the students in the auditorium or plaza , sing the national anthem and parade the national flag ( complete with militaristic commands for the students ) every monday before class , the us pledge of allegiance is nothing compared to that . 
  here ' an example of when they parade the flag : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=446vqgibov0, 
  normally the rest of the students in the school would be on the sides singing the national anthem, 
   the former king of spain killed his little brother in a suspicious gun accident . 
  to be fair , the royal family are n't the brightest bunch when it comes to guns : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/felipe_de_marichalar_y_borb%c3%b3n#shooting_accident, 
  1 supply shocks : venezuela depends heavily on oil , so the low prices have made their currency be worth less , but before that , the chavez + maduro administrations had made many anti-business decisions like unjustified expropriations ( which makes companies panic and makes them much less willing to invest anything doe to uncertainty ) . 
  2 demand side policies : both chavez and maduro have printed money in order to finance government spending . 
  these policies are inflationary once an economy is at full employment . 
  bar\u00e7a is the team , not the city, 
  i read that independentist groups in catalonia were giving away thousands of whistles , though i 'm not sure if it was made up, 
  using a pi\u00f1ata is cultural appropriation , those culture rapists !, 
  i disagree , the goal keeper is too short , look at how she has to take a couple of steps before jumping , ta ller keeper could have jumped from where she was standing, 
  itself, 
  coaching job at real madrid, 
  i 'm fluent in english and spanish ( my native language ) i also speak french , anyway for the most part i dream in spanish , however , i 've had dreams in english and i certainly find myself thinking in english from time to time, 
  guadalajara spain , not guadalajara mexico, 
  mexico has a positive winning record against every top team in south america except for argentina and brazil ( mexico actually has a positive record in the 21st century against the later ), 
  wut , there are plenty of drinking games in europe, 
  related :, 
  source : http://www.portsherry.com/comics/tacos-johny/, 
  not only agreements , but the ability to actually pay them, 
  how exactly do you differentiate between both ? 
  that 's irrelevant if they make enough money to pay them within the time frame that the tax agency demands . 
  it 's like getting a mortgage : you owe a lot of money , money that you ca n't pay immediately but your earning capacity allows you to make regular payments . 
  only when you ca n't afford to make the regular payments it becomes a problem, 
  fuck it , i do n't want some bum pissing and harrassing people in my porch , there are enough homeless shelters out there, 
  i am , i 'm not saying that we should insult them or mistreat them , i 'm saying i do n't want them pissing on my porch nor harassing me, 
   it drives me crazy when americans post in various uk subreddits just assuming they can move over and find a job , or that it 's easy to do so . 
  to be honest i find this attitude to be prevalent among people from rich countries in general . 
  as if immigration rules should only apply to poor people . 
  in the short run , consumption and demand drive economic growth , and so what you say is correct , however , once an economy is at its natural rate of production further increases in demand are useless as they will only be reflected in higher prices . 
  what do you mean by our ? 
  i 'm not in the us if that 's what you meant . 
  anyway , look at inflation and unemployment , if you have a positive rate of inflation and your unemployment is at its natural rate ( this is something that economists can test using statistics , i 'm not qualified enough to give an answer ) then you are at full capacity and stimulating demand will be useless if your goal is to increase wealth in the economy, 
  pls no i would much rather have oblak and moy\u00e1, 
  will sanders make anime real ? 
  the italian surnames of argentinian players did n't clue you in ? 
  names like messi , mascherano , zanetti , etc are n't spanish, 
   even mexico has had some , jared borgetti their highest scorer is of italian ancestry, 
  in fact , mexico has a small italian speaking town : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chipilo,
