  none of the attractive women are showing off, 
   given that there is a clear remedy to remove the offender from the country and ensure he never returns , i think execution can be considered excessive to the point of cruel and unusual . 
  i think it 's excessive too , however , we 're dealing with interpretations now , so things are n't quite clear, 
  i can understand your point , i still do n't quite agree , but it seems reasonable . 
  have a good day sir . 
  i had one and i traded it for a coupon for portal 2 that i never used , was worth it, 
   louis szekely ( born september 12 , 1967 ) , known professionally as louis c.k, 
  i read the book and i felt that he was just giving an interesting hypothesis , i do n't think it was meant to be conclusive, 
  if nasa were skilled enough to pull off a fake moon landing and make the rest of the world believe them , then they would 've pulled off other great accomplishments too ( like a mars landing ) ... unless they 're doing that to trick us & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i have a virtual card from my bank ( in europe ) , i just make a money i just charge it and use it for online transactions , check if your bank has a similar service, 
  i 've got bad news son ... 
  fwiw i think both men and women who cheat are cunts , neither gender is scummier than the other, 
  [ osease 20 redditors ? 
   and transsexual women are women, 
  what you consider a woman is different from what others may consider a woman, 
  and that right answer has to be determined through the use of an objective criteria , not with an assertion without basis, 
  si soy un agente del yunque/fascista determinado a destruir al amoroso amlove, 
  shallowly speaking women are attracted to money and power , while men are attracted to looks , i do n't think we fare any better than the ladies, 
  while it 's not relevant to the point of the article , it would definitely be interesting to see how pronounced this effect is among different cultures, 
  nice job perpetuating the worst stereotypes about transexuals, 
  i can understand the wanting to lick cheese cake off your chest part , but why would he care about how much you paid for it ? 
  he 's the new trapped in reddit, 
  introduce her to this guy :, 
   it took me bawling like a baby ( ... ), 
   i felt like a bad ass though, 
   intentionally stupid, 
  this insult is perfect , can i use it ? 
  enough to slurp his jizz ? 
   i heard it was even worse for people who had n't read the book . 
  i watched it without having read the book , i could n't understand half the shit going on, 
  seems intentional , like a way of contrasting them i think, 
  goddamnit are you trapped in reddit 's alt account ? 
   i also do it in / atheism with stories about run-ins i 've had with `` idiot '' christians and all that, 
  i totally did n't see that one coming, 
  i would absolutely love that, 
  i was with soime german exchange students when a guy approached and said : so ... what is your opinion on hitler ? 
  i 'm a weightlifter , though i 'm a little under 200lbs , and i buy slim fit t shirts in xl size , when it coems to pants i buy straight cut , and whe it comes to button ups i get them tailored, 
  and the us has much bigger stretches of plains ( the whole midwest is a pancake ) , perfect for grains , while mexico has a generally rough terrain, 
  same thing about the call happened to my semi-deaf grandma , judging by the way my mom describes it , it seems it developed like a monthy python sketch with my grand ma mishearing the threats, 
   era una broma , serenate, 
  fixed, 
  i think pinochet 's chile and porfirio diaz 's mexico were , but i 'm not qualified enough to speak about it, 
  you sound like a feminist tbh, 
  but what about the womenz, 
  wo n't someone please think of the ayatollah ? 
  but you 're making it seem like it 's a black and white thing , that we either start out as friends or we just want to fuck you here and now, 
   if you think someone ca n't tell you what they like objectively , you 're a fucking moron . 
  [ no , you are the fucking moron ] ( http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/05/26/the-perils-of-introspection/ ), 
  tu : we 've gone full circle, 
  a rhetorical device ? 
  i would like to see the reverse test made , not as a `` men are so discriminated '' kind of thing , but as a control group to contextualize the results of the test, 
  i see your point and i agree with it to be honest , i may have misread you . 
  i 'm not talking about the original poster , i 'm talking about the specific claim you made , and my point still stands , do n't try back pedaling you intentionally stupid mong . 
   navel, 
  bellybutton battles sound a little unrealistic imo, 
   the american population is quite extroverted ,, 
  perhaps the same could also go towards `` more extroverted '' cultures ? 
  i remember there being a history channel show that showed battles ( that is not people trying to command armies ) using rtw , it 's how i found out about the series in the first palce, 
   guys shooting each other in lines is n't nearly as fun as ramming a couple roman legions into a squad of elephants and watching as your men go flying . 
  how about peppering an infantry line with artillery shots ? 
  or using grenadiers ? 
  that 's the start of a joke ? 
  that 's a type of fish , coy is the word you 're looking for, 
  do you have some form of sex addiction ? 
  how did you manage to have sex with that many ? 
  on a scale of 1 to auschwitz how much do you hate jews , erm , i mean , zionists ? 
  you just caused them an aneurysm, 
  that 's revenge for all the times you watched porn in the family computer, 
  fast food is as nutritious as `` good food '' , just eat less of it and drink enough water to offset the extra sodium, 
  i see your point , however , i believe my point still stands in the context of obesity, 
  i 'm saying that it 's possible to primarily eat fast food and not be fat, 
  trapped in reddit ? 
  jesus christ this is a fantastic idea , has to be done, 
   peppered with glamour shots of their gyrating bulges , it would have been just as fucked up and wrong . 
  it would have been hilarious, 
  how the hell did you make the portal gun ? 
  in ultra-sensitive feminist circles you put a `` trigger warning '' disclaimer when a piece of information ( text , video , photo , whatever ) is something that could `` trigger '' bad feelings , so my posts have that disclaimer , as they 'll offend those silly people, 
  pretty much the same happened to me, 
  as far as i know , franco did n't deport any , spain was n't allied to germany , and thus franco had zero obligations to hitler, 
  is it normal in the usa to meet strangers in coffee shops ? 
  sounds bizarre to me . 
  btw op , nice shirt , but show your pants and shoes, 
  i 'm not interested in the how , i presume it works just like any other form of asking someone out , however , it just seems that soemone trying to meet new people at a coffee shop would be seen as weird at least in the two countries i 've lived in ( mexico and spain ) , like , trying to pick up chicks at a restaurant, 
   it has been shown to be false numerous times . 
  by people who post on mises.org , not by respected economists, 
  through positive externalities, 
  let 's see ... countries enacting austerity measures are failing left and right ( ireland , spain , greece , italy , etc ) , while countries that enacted fiscal stimulus are growing ( usa , australia , etc ) , hmmm, 
  and what about the businessman who now will have access to a larger pool of workers ? 
  what about the small businesses that benefit from increased commerce ? 
  what about people who will still drive cars who 'll benefit from less traffic ? 
  there are tons examples of people who have zero say on the price of the train ticket who will benefit from that . 
   had such a track record, 
  the distinction is in the `` had '' part, 
   given your hypothetical those workers will ride the rail , thus giving money to the builder . 
  but the benefit to the businesses can be higher per worker than the benefit for the rail , let me explain , let 's say a worker produces x amount of net benefit for the business , if x is bigger than the amount the worker pays on rail tickets ( y ) then the difference between x and y will be the positive externality , thus even if the rail were losing money ( provided that the loss is smaller than the positive externality ) we will have a net social gain , ditto for my other example . 
  same thing happened to me at a bar , the girl also ende up making out with other dudes, 
  i believe people have a right to join other people who share their same values in order to live with each other , for example , gated communities have people who respect a certain building code and certain rules . 
  a government is a large scale version of this , and i do n't believe that racist communities should be any different . 
  just to add to this , recently a pri governor was found to be laundering money for cartels : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom\u00e1s_yarrington, 
  that 's as real as nigerian princes with business proposals,
