  sonic and all stars racing transformed , pretty fun and you can just play a couple of races at a time, 
  does your drink of choice have a higher alcohol content than you have bodyfat ? 
  you should do lots of push ups and crunches to get that nice long toned muscle, 
  yes , and not just a regular big asshole , but one of those gaping assholes that gets fisted . 
  yes , but your downvotes wo n't suddenly punish her for being a cunt , they 'll just make the thread shittier by burying relevant responses, 
   we need janitors , fast food workers , etc , in our lives . 
  so if poor people stop having children , somebody will take their place . 
  this is pretty dumb , if it gets to a point where few people are taking up those jobs then the salaries offered will rise to the point where there are people willing to do them , you know , supply and demand and all that jazz, 
  could have been posted to [ / r/foodporn ] ( / r/foodporn ) along with instructions or something, 
   and so the cycle continues ... 
  it 's like the tape in `` the ring '', 
  the shot is well placed but seems slow , so maybe he could have reached it, 
  how common is gretl ? 
  i 'm asking because that 's the one we 're taught in my econ program, 
   but history seems to have shown otherwise . 
  by history you mean peer-reviwede studies showing that ? 
  or do you eman your interpretation of history ? 
  hhmmm damn hipster econometrics professors, 
  i can see it happening , but you would need to be making an actual effort to be fat and vegana t the same time, 
  the cake is traditional both in mexico and spain , i do n't know about other spanish speaking countries . 
  yes indeed, 
  because internet feminism is about criticizing the men at the bottom ( video game nerds , virgins , aspies , etc ) not attractive , confident and sociable men . 
  i have to be the exception to that , as a man , one of my biggest flaws is that i hold grudges for a very long time , and i ca n't let go of them , i 'm still pissed off because a `` friend '' invited me to watch a marathon of lord of the rings and then ignored me the day we were supposed to watch it , he apologized later , but now i 'm bitter about him . 
  you are n't , i got kind of worried since it would constitute cp, 
  the bastards !, 
  i remember being told by two different people that at first i seem stupid but that i 'm actually smart , still do n't know how to feel about that, 
  pls do n't post such vapid content, 
  i find it very unattractive , i can understand swearing under certain circumstances , but doing it a lot is a turn off, 
  prototype ? 
  is this some sort of slang term i 'm missing ? 
  ok ok we get it , do n't need to say it three times, 
  add in the beatles and queen there too, 
  banker in this context probably means bank teller, 
  jesus , that fucking website takes ages to load, 
  why would it be disastrous ? 
  cross dressing drag queens just dress as women dressing as men, 
  can anyone find an example of a `` good girl gina '' may-may that does n't involve sex ? 
  are these literally made by 9 year olds ? 
  i swear these insults are even too dumb for teenagers, 
  economics is not a scientific field , with objective facts and experiments to back it up . 
  it 's voodoo , as far as most of us are concerned . 
  there are strong views on it from self-appointed experts , who rage that others do n't see it their way , but to most of us that is indistinguishable from religion . 
  never heard of econometrics ? 
  oh god someone just stabbed a banana , ca n't jerk off now, 
   why do n't we create a `` world currency '' that would be used by every countries in order to eliminate the problem of undervaluing and overvaluing ? 
  how would we solve the problems of asymmetrical shocks ? 
  i mean , just look at europe ... 
  how can people this clumsy survive on a day to day basis ? 
  i was 20 when i lost mine , and i had the same worries , just keep on truckin ' , hard work pays off, 
  do you lift weights ? 
  it 's amazing how much having low bodyfat and muscle can change your attractiveness , even your face becomes more attractive, 
  lol pop culture references, 
   the ceos of corporations that get government contracts . 
  i do n't understand the logic behind this , the reason welfare recipients are tested is because they 're receiving an unconditional cash transfer , corporations that receive government contracts are performing a service , and as such , are paid on their ability to perform that service . 
  if there 's one thing conspiratards want is chaos and misery , that way they 'll finally be vindicated in their dellusions they 'll say : `` see !, 
  you should ahve put your savings into bitcoin !, 
  i was right all along ! '', 
  i do n't get why they want the gubmint to investigate it , i mean , whatever an investigation may find will be considered a conspiracy . 
  i do n't know man , i need more photos of her with red triangles drawn in paint around her face in order to be convinced this is a conspiracy . 
  i wish people stopped linking so much to the huffington post , the page is so cluttered it 's unreadable, 
   resettlement programs, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  those comparisons can be tricky , for example : some countries may not count spousal rape as rape , so their rape rate statistics would be lower, 
  i see , thanks . 
  am i really that bigoted for not being sexually attracted to penises ? 
  they take er jerbs !!, 
  jesus christ , how do economics degrees work in the us where you do n't have to take econometrics ? , even business administrators have to take it here in spain, 
  has this been proved to work for brazil ? 
  i think that 's exactly what happened to me , in my teens i began reading about economics , and got to understand the basic supply and demand model , and from then i became a libertarian , then i started an actual economics degree and became much more moderate, 
  i just skipped to the ending , but it just sounds extremely condescending to treat a kid like that, 
  it does n't seem to be that way here in spain , i find that they have less of a crab mentality here compared to mexico, 
  for some odd reasons i get horrible ping from the server ( i 'm in spain and i had no issues a few months abck ), 
  i swear rich people are so entitled , what kind of prick would think of using the most confortable method of payment to them in a bar ? 
  the bastards !, 
  ugh , can sjws stop getting offended on our behalf ? 
  the vast majority of mexicans do n't give a crap about your costumes, 
  tublerites are female neckbeards , it 's seriously striking how they are the mirror image of the people i would see at 4chan 's / r9k /, 
   saying that raising the minimum wage should always affect an actual real world economy in a particular way, 
  but labor economists do n't actually say this , the theory is a frame of reference, 
  if i rubbed my balls on an apple you just ate without knowing beforehand that i did that would you be pissed off ? 
  hey , you enjoyed the apple !, 
   gain land from america, 
  is this what you 're taught in the us ? 
  that 's not being objective ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_to_moderation ), 
  anyway , i do n't want to have a discussion about the alamo on fucking [ / r/tf2 ] ( / r/tf2 ), 
  yeah i do n't think i was clear , i 'm looking for something to help me brush up on things like diff equations , optimization , etc so that i can be prepared for more advanced classes, 
  ugh , at first i found the picture mildly amusing , after reading the title i hate it, 
  would you mind posting falsifiable theories and objective evidence based on empirical work ? 
  the cracked forums seem pretty similar to the something awful forums, 
  i 'm mexican , and as such if you send me 20 bucks i can give you permission to eat tacos . 
  prak guell is nice but it 's so full of tourists it 's difficult to enjoy, 
  nothing really breaks the ice like a good story about rough anal sex with small dicked transexuals, 
  3/10 , you over did it man, 
  yeah , wear a fedora , an ill fitting suit and say `` m ` lady '' and `` good sir '', 
  so security personnel train for dangerous situations that they may encounter as part of their jobs ? 
  it 's like looking a building fire and saying that it 's a false flag because the ocupants practiced fire drills before, 
  i think it 's supposed to be silly and awkward, 
  man having a beer on that terrace must be heaven, 
  meanwhile , at / r/conspiratard 's secret bunker : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyoldzhfzoi, 
   people do n't need an incentive to invent and innovate .
