  thanks now i 've lost all my hope in humanity, 
   never go to a man 's house if you do n't know him . 
  always watch your drink when at a bar or at a party . 
  tbh i 've heard these as a guy, 
   but the country as a whole has a lower population density than south korea , the netherlands , and israel ,, 
  i think this is a very important point , if india 's population density is normal then the fact that india has a big total population is just a result of india being a big country, 
   `` the most explicit recorded incidents of public sex involving humans and animals activity are associated with the murderous sadism , torture and rape of the roman games and circus , in which it is estimated that several hundreds of thousands died . 
  masters reports : ` beasts were specially trained to copulate with women : if the girls or women were unwilling then the animal would attempt rape . 
  a surprising range of creatures was used for such purposes - bulls , giraffes , leopards , cheetahs , wild boar , zebras , stallions , jackasses , huge dogs , apes , etc. 
  the beasts were taught how to copulate with a human being [ whether male or female ] either via the vagina or via the anus . ', 
  representations of scenes from the sexual lives of the gods , such as pasipha\u00eb and the bull , were highly popular , often causing extreme suffering , injury or death . 
  on occasion , the more ferocious beasts were permitted to kill and ( if desired ) devour their victims afterwards . 
  chimpanzees and mandrills , both in fact ferocious and very powerful species of primate : ` made drunk by wine and inflamed by the odor of females of their kind , were loosed upon girls whose genitals had been drenched with the urine of female chimps and mandrills . ', 
  the victims were often virgins and not infrequently young children . 
  one spectacle is said to have included ' a hundred tiny blonde girls being raped simultaneously by a horde of baboons . ' '', 
  this used to be in [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_and_cultural_perspectives_on_zoophilia ) but got deleted , special mention :, 
   one spectacle is said to have included ' a hundred tiny blonde girls being raped simultaneously by a horde of baboons . 
  to add confusion to the matter lay is also the past form of lie, 
  i think you have some assertiveness issues, 
  or maybe just ignorant , maybe , when you grow older , you 'll fall prey to the three seashells scammers while your grandkids laugh at your na\u00efvet\u00e9, 
  you forgot :, 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  guys , seriously ? 
  because the bible says so, 
  check [ / r/neutralpolitics ] ( / r/neutralpolitics ) for good discussion, 
  i do n't agree with chimp0ut ( especially as he seems to be a historical revisionist ) but primary sources would be nice, 
  conquistadores , minor pet peeve of mine , plural versions of spanish words that end in consonants have an `` es '' added at the end, 
  what if you simply slacked in boot camp ? 
  i mean , an officer can yell at me to do 20 pushups , but what if i half ass them or simply not do them ? 
  what if i act like `` gomer '' from full metal jacket ? 
  what would happen if you expressed sympathy for communism or any other `` dangerous '' ideology ? 
  perhaps [ / r/communism ] ( / r/communism ) could be more helpful ? 
  that shamwow aid is the only thing keeping us safe from war with them, 
  well that 's how he found out she was a whore, 
  - ron paul, 
  - carl sagan, 
  i 'm extremely wary of anything that speaks positively of myself , not just cleverness , i 'm both over confident and insecure about myself, 
  holocaust, 
  spain was already powerful before the american conquests though, 
  picasso is from m\u00e1laga ( andalusia ) , mir\u00f3 is the other catalan artist, 
  yes , for example , i can attest to mexicans being nominally religious , but not particularly committed ( there 's no such thing as an evolution-creationism debate , nor abstinence only education ), 
  do you take this same attitude towards any joke whatsoever that could be constructed as traumatic for someone ? ( e.g. 
  murder , accidents , violence , kidnappings , etc ), 
  i 'm on the same boat , i 'm taking anti depressants , but i 'm still tired and i have no fucking idea what to do ( i 've had blood tests done , and apparently i 'm prefectly healthy ), 
  wear a fanny pack and ask in an obnoxious accent for the nearest macdonalds, 
  dump her and work on your self esteem issues, 
  why do women care that much about marriage ? 
  well , are you a lovely hairy woman or what ? 
  i 'm kind of jealous of how close you 're to your sister , i live in a continent away from my brothers and i have n't spoken to them in 9 months ( nor do i care about not speaking to them ), 
  what city is it ? 
  what 's the point of twin conventions ? 
  are you implying that republics ca n't be imperialistic ? 
  depends on the type of sex , receptive anal sex is much riskier than regular sex, 
  who cares about what some pajama-ugg boot wearing hogs think ? 
  un-tucked button downs make you look like a teenager, 
   an autobiography about himself, 
  as opposed to an autobiography about someone else ? 
  yup , i was looking for an i-pad once and ended blowing a guy in a starbucks ' bathroom, 
  you could also use [ / r/r4r ] ( / r/r4r ), 
  [ * wink * ] ( http://i950.photobucket.com/albums/ad346/jakesteel1/ron%20paul/5bd33d76.gif ), 
  at first i did n't want to post my story , but i thought i would post this here to warn anyone who is thinking about trying to get a ipad on craigslist . 
  if something is too good to be true then it probably is . 
  i have been browsing on craigslist and the prices here in houston for a 64gb have been anywhere from 800 to 1200 bucks !!!, 
  i really do n't have 800 to drop on a ipad but i came to a interested post . 
  basically , there was a guy that wanted to trade his 16gb ipad for a bj . 
  i called him and offered him 350 for the it but he said that all he wanted was the bj and i could have the ipad after that . 
  i 've never given a bj before and when i told my wife about it , she thought it was disgusting . 
  i later got her to let me do it since she knew how much i wanted the ipad and plus there is nothing but apple products in my home . 
  the guy seemed pretty legit so i decided to go along with it . 
  we met at the starbucks across from the galleria and he showed me the ipad in his car . 
  the ipad was in mint condition and he had the box with all the accessories . 
  we agreed that i would give him the bj in the starbucks bathroom and i would get the ipad afterward . 
  he seemed to be a pretty honest guy . 
  he was a white caucasion male that was somewhere in his 40 's . 
  anyways , i gave him the bj and it lasted about a good 5 minutes . 
  i was kind of scared because it was my first time doing anything like this but he made me really comfortable because i think he could tell it was my first time . 
  i was relieved when we finished and he congratulated me on the whole thing . 
  i think that fact that i was finally getting my mitts on a ipad totally clouded my judgement . 
  the guy started to act all wierd and said that it would seem odd if we both walked out of the bathroom at the same time so he said that he should go out first while i get cleaned up and then i could meet him at his car to get the phone . 
  i did what he said and when i got outside , he was long gone !!!, 
  i am so pissed up . 
  i 've been calling his phone all day and he wo n't even answer . 
  my wife is pissed because i do n't have the ipad even though i gave him the bj . 
  i thought i would file a police report about the whole thing but i figured i would have probably looked like a idiot doing so . 
  so i 'm just venting here to let everyone know that craigslists scams are real and i was the victim of one . 
  i will continue my quest to get a ipad and hopefully i will have one soon . 
  ok guys before this goes any further : this a very famous copypasta , i thought most people would recognize the reference . 
  i did not blow a guy for an i-pad, 
  or did i ? 
  reddit loves pyros , go to the european servers and you can see teams with 3 or more pyros fairly often, 
  which seems good if she 's a chick looking for guys right ? 
  do n't worry , me love you long time either way, 
  internet toughguys and bullshitters tiiimmmmeeerrr, 
  this is something that you should ask your doctor not a bunch of strangers with no medical knowledge , perhaps you could have plastic surgery ( some female to male transexuals can get functionig penises i think ) ? 
  that sounds rather fun actually ... 
  `` let 's boycott corporations but get high on drugs imported by ultra violent gangs '', 
  they matter enough to piss off your ilk , do n't they ? 
  to expand on that , where the hell do we draw the line ? 
  is joking about death immoral ? 
  is joking about violence immoral ?
