  i think rooshv is a cunt , but that does n't make op any less stupid, 
  idiots on this website think they 're honestly punishing op for being a meanie by taking his karma, 
  i was scanning the room for dragon dildoes , was disappointed, 
  you know who else sounds stupid ? 
  your mom after i fucked her retarded with my 23 inch cock , and hell yeah i 'm top of my class in gorilla warfare , i killed hundreds of apes with my bear hands ( not a typo , i literally have bear hands ) to earn that title you lousy bitch , the fact that you know nothing about gorilla warfare goes to show how sheltered you civilians are , and i never lost my virginity , i sold it to a 23 year old swedish model when i was 9 , btw i called my mom , she says some mongoloid showed up at her home , naked and babbling about some unintelligible shit so she sent the retard to get blown by the neighborhood transexual , she says she could n't do much with your clitoris . 
  i 'm already desensitized to hearing `` 20 bodies found beheaded in some pit '', 
  iirc vikings were n't particularly vicious , just very mobile and tended to attack unguarded settlements, 
   apart from last year we had as many murders as you do in a day . 
  what seems to be the profile of those cases ? 
  gang violence ? 
  passion crimes ? 
  does anyone ever try to bribe you ? 
  do n't be sad for me , i probably have a higher standard of living than most norwegians , it 's poor people who get the shaft over here, 
  i really do n't know if you 're playing along with the joke , or if you really think i was serious about being an expert in `` gorilla warfare '', 
  problem is that this sort of prank undermines a brand like taco bell , so yeah , even if it 's a joke it still affects their image , and they 're entitled to firing him, 
  conference rooms look like that in private universities in mexico , also video looks fake as shit, 
   you are a great father and a doormat, 
  ftfy, 
  this is n't quite what you 're looking for , but i made a thread in askscience regarding homosexuals and blood donation , maybe it can be helpful to you : http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/pak92/does_the_rule_preventing_homosexuals_from/, 
  it 's slums, 
  calm your tits , not every single statement has to take into account all the billions of possible different scenarios, 
  iirc something about the reddit algorithm adds automatic downvotes to all posts , i do n't understand how but it 's supposed to fend-off vote rigging , so calm down, 
  i was being serious , i do n't understand how it works as i 'm completely ignorant of programming , but the upvotes/downvotes that appear on res are n't actually congruent with the score of the comment , so it may appear that a comment is getting downviotes even if it is n't getting any, 
  meh , just seems silly to ask for advice and then go all `` haha trolled xd u mad ? '', 
  when you receive legitimate advice , it 's like me asking : `` hey i 'm planning on buying a new car , can you give me advice ? 
  and then saying haha i was n't even going to buy a car , trolled xd '', 
  jumping back three metres, 
  what about non-racist offensive things ? 
  there are many many ways of hurting someone without attacking their race , should they also be banned ? 
  what about things that are truthful but still hurtful ? 
   it 's not a ` difference of opinion ' to stand on a street corner with a megaphone in your mouth , yelling about how jews are rats . 
  you 're making an extreme case that can touch upon public noise or harassment laws , what about posting a controversial opinion that could be construed as racist ? 
   `` that dress does n't look good on you '' is n't harmful , it 's just hurtful . 
  being told `` you 're fat , and you should go die in a gutter '' is very harmful . 
  what objective criteria did you use to decide this ? 
  some people mayb find the first statement to also be harmful , some others would find the second statement hurtful . 
  jref : james randi educational foundation , a skeptic organization . 
  woo : basically , bullshit, 
  i may have misread you , i thought you were advocating making racist remarks illegal, 
   the type of comment that the second comment is can ,, 
  how do you know that the first one ca n't ? 
   however , hate speech laws do n't apply to comments made in private . 
  they apply to people making said comments with the intent of spreading that opinion ( that physical harm should befall members of a protected minority ) . 
  i was n't making any argument against banning clear incitements to violence, 
  i was a rugby player too , it 's surprisingly homoerotic, 
  for reps , 170 kilos ( 374 pounds ) and for my max i do 190 kilos, 
   the belts made the reps easier ? 
  well golly gee , if only there was a way to incrementally increase the challenge of picking things up , like an object that could be put on the bar to make it heavier . 
  eh ... what i 'm wondering is whether using a belt makes my back and abs work less ( much like how doing quarter squats makes one neglect butt and hamstrings even if the weight is increased ) or if it 's just a matter of increasing the weight i lift ? 
  maybe i 'll try it for a few weeks and see how it goes, 
  links to adbusters and alternet should be banned from this subreddit, 
  wut , rich people do n't molest kids ? 
  i had him tagged as `` will eat a hat '' , at last i remember why he is tagged like that, 
  op will surely come back from the bathroom and deliver, 
  i want an automatic ferrari , and i want it with some flames stickers while we 're at it, 
  were the miscegenation laws also applied to marriages between minorities ( i.e. 
  jews with latinos , or asians and blacks ) ? 
  tell her to check her privilege, 
  jesus people seriously have some low standards for what they consider to be too swole , that 's a perfectly normal weight for a man , and it 's only too much if you 're literally a midget or something, 
  in your face wicked player, 
  well what a polite fellow, 
  do n't mind me , just replying to your post to save it, 
  lol us nerds right ? 
  or maybe some sort of chatroulette thing with less masturbation, 
  will spanish speakers be able to learn more languages ( other than english ) in spanish ? 
  i feel like i would be having an easier time with french if i were learning it with a language closer to it than with english ( i 'm a native spanish speaker too ), 
  well anarchists are n't exactly known for their mental prowess, 
  well if you can sap it then it probably counts as a building, 
   i have the strangest erection right now . 
  i 'll trade you a machina for that, 
  you know i was planning on skipping gym today , i 'll go get my shoes now ... 
  personally i see it as an exaggeration of femininity , which i quite like, 
   traditionally sexually attractive , turned up to 11 . 
  i like those , and this is a spot-on description of what i feel, 
  edit : mi steam es http://steamcommunity.com/id/fineshoes, 
   the son is obviously immature too, 
  i think he 's sociopathic , screwing over your dad in order to rape your dog is n't immaturity, 
   hes going to forever have to carry the burden of `` i used to have sex with my family dog , and ended up getting my parents divorced because of it '' . 
  good, 
  his father is mexican, 
  i used the ubercharge canteen for that, 
  you can use uber canteen to run away from it, 
   my cheese and ham toastie, 
  do you enjoy it with some cold on the cob while driving your motorised rollingham ? 
  they also serve a deterrence function, 
  not at all, 
  why is it that people from srs are cool with joking about genocide but not cool with joking about rape ? 
  this is why nobody can take your idiotic agenda seriously, 
  you are n't the exception , people like you are an integral part of that place thus it shows how hypocritical you people are , joking about genocide , mutilation , and violence is fine for plenty of srsers but racist or sexist jokes are n't ok , why ? 
  not at all , i strongly dislike hypocrites , and you are one , and i 'm calling you out on that . 
   it 's a play on how reddit has motherfucking '' it was actually hitler and the nazis who ruined eugenics its actually quite a good idea '' posts that happen almost weekly here . 
  so joking about genocide is ok when it does n't offend you but it 's evil when it does ? 
   does it really bum you out that you ca n't make rape jokes without being told you 're fucked up ? 
  it does n't , it bums me when the person telling me i 'm fucked up is doing the exact same thing . 
   motherfucker is genuinely advocating genocide, 
  never said you were , i said you were a hypocrite for joking about x while complaining when people joke about y ( x and y being equally bad things ), 
  let me put it this way : if you had said `` i hope redditors get raped '' instead of forcibly sterilized ( even in the exact same context ) you would have made it to the frontpage of srs , accept it , people like you have made arbitrary judgments about what is right and what is wrong to joke about and have decided to get pissed off when other people do n't follow those judgments . 
  maybe in the sort of place where affliction clothes are accepted , anywhere else being untucked with a long button shirt makes you look like a slob . 
   but being over the top and saying redditors are bad people and we should get rid of them is not equal to the very real oppression of rape victims . 
  again if you had called for redditors to be raped instead of sterilized ( or insert violent act ) you would be on srs ; people like you take a particular offense towards rape ( or any heinous act typically in the agenda of feminist groups ) but not towards other heinous acts , because you drive your actions and words on your feelings , any concept of objectivity or intellectual consistency be damned .
