  and they did so because they were foolish and did n't understand that they should have paid for the mba and increase the guy 's wages, 
  that 's not an atletico fan , it 's a real madrid fan ... 
  that motherfucker in the costume always gets me , http://i.imgur.com/xffwa.jpg, 
  the spanish dream :'), 
  la mas peligrosa , menor cultura , clima horrendo ... 
  cabn i get one of those ? 
  i want to get an ms degree ( i 'm in europe so a master 's degree is a terminal degree here , as oppossed to something you get on your way tpoyour phd ), 
  or germany given the whole nsa spying scandal, 
  ugh , this is such a naive opinion and i see it all the time , professional sportsmen are built to fit their sport , an olympic weightlifter will have the body of an olympic weightlifter , a marathon runner will have the body of a marathon runner . 
  some of the monsters that play american football would n't be able to play rugby at top level , simply because there is a point at which you are too big to be able to constantly run for 80 minutes with just one 10 minute break in between . 
  edit : i also find it funny how keyboard warriors like to argue about how the guys they cheer on are tougher than the guys some other keyboard warrior cheers on . 
  kak\u00e1 is one of my favourite player 's in their history , let 's hope james follows his steps !, 
  this whole conversation : www.facebook.com, 
  i disagree on this , if i 'm tackling someone lighter than me or someone that is n't moving it 's easier for me to drive them back and gain some space if i tackle them at a higher position than the legs, 
  that 's what they want you to think !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  this along with casillas being the first gk makes me very happy, 
  but i am !, 
  it 's just that there are less threads to comment on there, 
  probably barcelona , i 've met many real fans that even have some sympathy for atl\u00e9tico, 
  ayyy lmao, 
  very related concept : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marginalism, 
  are n't most serious phd programs free ? 
  in fact , do n't you get paid a stipend ? 
  he did n't say it was simple , he said koreans see themselves as one nation and want to be united . 
  you 've got it wrong :, 
  productivity = total production/input ( e.g.labour expressed in hours ), 
  efficiency = producing the most while minimizing costs, 
  i dunno jenny mccarthy is pretty bangable despite being dumber than a potato, 
   the locals are friendly and almost without exception welcome foreign fans with open arms . 
  the basque country is nice and all , but at least in my experience basques are n't particularly nice or friendly . 
  pls arsenal pls buy him, 
   this is the kind of question you 'd expect an annoying little teenager to ask, 
  well most users here seem to be annoying teenagers so that 's to be expected, 
  this is what i was looking for , why do people post gifs ? 
  they 're slow as fuck and soundless, 
  do you want to get kicked in the shins next derby ? 
  because that 's how you get kicked in the shins next derby, 
  stop digging that hole catman !, 
  the other being that nz is the only country apart from tiny islands where rugby union is the main sport . 
  i love playing rugby , but why is it that people that like rugby have to constantly compare with other sports ? 
  it 's so lame , like , the only reason they like the sport is to show everyone how manly they are, 
  imanol haridonoquy played the heineken cup final with a broken rib and nose, 
  i think it was unintentional, 
  nah , it 's also on my facebook , in real life and in other parts of the internet, 
  ikr , look at rugby league for example , nz does n't dominate the sport , why ? 
  because it 's more popular in australia . 
   pretty sure it 's the main sport in south africa . 
  no , that 's football ( soccer ), 
   and it 's still very popular in the uk , france , ireland , and argentina . 
  never said it was n't , but at the end of the day you 're going to lose a ton of talent to other sports if it 's not your main sport ( plenty of professional football players could play as backs in rugby if they bulked up more ), 
  i do n't get foreigners ' love affair with nachos , they 're stale tortillas with cheese , we have much better mexican food, 
  quer\u00e9taro is also one of the best places to live in latin america , that coiuld have also influenced him . 
  the problem is that el mundo is a mainstream spanish paper . 
  wut , when did you start watching football ? 
  he had hair in his chelsea days, 
   i 'm also convinced zaragoza fixed most of their last 10 games . 
  do n't underestimate javier aguirre 's ability to help struggling teams , this guy got osasuna into the chmapions league for christ 's sake, 
  oh yeah , i mistook that for the previous season, 
   she 's hardly going to run away is she ? 
  uh , she 's precisely in the middle of running away, 
   the tighter the jersey the less there is to grab onto to so it makes the tackler have to tackle properly instead of just grabbing whatever bit of cloth they can find . 
  this is really important , i ca n't count the number of times i 've smashed someone thanks to grabbing his loose shirt . 
  is it already snowing in some places in the us or is this an old gif ? 
   in the american economy its often not what you accomplished or what you know , its who you know or who you blow ... 
  this may be true , but you really ca n't complain about being unemployed after studying a degree like that, 
  if only we had someone with the ability to compare religions !, 
   could take a couple punches from his drunk girlfriend ,, 
  if someone can physically withstand abuse it means they should just take it ? 
  i 'm definitely not excusing the guy , but everyone should have the right to defend himself ( in this case it would have been more appropriate for him to push her away ), 
  and what actually happened was that a weaker person stupidly lunged at a stronger person and got knocked out as a result, 
  i agree on that . 
  this article is n't about whether scottish independence is a good idea or not , it 's about how having an independent country without an independent currency is a bad idea . 
  people that screencap their own posts are fags, 
  lol butthurt, 
  maybe if i upvote her i will finally score !, 
  lol the fries !, 
  who gets them ? 
   besides lets not pretend that there isnt a prejudice against engineering majors . 
  there is one ? 
  the rumor that aspartame causes cancer was invented by big sugar to keep their juicy profits . 
  big organic is behind all the rumors and paranoia surrounding gmo crops . 
  big solar panels is behind nuclear energy paranoia . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  meh who gives a shit, 
  i was in the exact same situation than the guy in the story : when i found out that the girl i was talking to was fucking some other man i immediately stopped pursuing her , i was amazed at how one can totally lose attraction to someone in a matter of seconds . 
  when i read the title i thought professor keefe was some sort of artistic name for a rapper or something, 
  i 'm mexicana nd to be honest our women are n't particularly hot , sure , you get some hot women here and there , but the majority of our girls are n't specially attractive . 
  what about thomas desimone ? 
  two types of countries in this world : countries that have been to the moon and countries that have never used nuclear weapons on civilians, 
  are n't most scottish independentists left wingers ? 
  like , probably the lasts ort of people who would want to legalize guns in their country, 
  or the hagia sophia ? 
  or the blue mosque ? 
  these people hve sriously never heard of sagrada famillia cathedral , hagia sophia or st basil 's cathedral ? 
  do they seriuously believe that some generic box skycrapers are more recognizable than that ? 
  how do these people reconcile their virulent racism with their faith ? 
  like , do they think jesus was only preaching to white people or something ? 
  [ they do worse . 
  ] ( http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-race-affects-whether-people-write-you-back/ ) however do n't underestimate the power of having a niche : he may have a smaller pool to choose from , but the women that like him really like him .
