  it is weider than ajax cpae town : the word `` real '' means royal in spanish , and in spain it 's a actual title given by the monarchy , not just some famcy name you can pick, 
  damn griezmann was a great sub, 
  i 've never actually seen cerci play , how good is he ? 
  while political correctness annoys me , what seriously bothers me is inconsistent political correctness , apparently it 's ok to joke about murder , genocide , kidnapping , assault , etc but not about rape because that 's some people 's sacred cow, 
  he tapped a referee on the back of the head , it 's deserved imo, 
  dis gon be good, 
  of course , but this is the champions league ... 
  if it 's in the contract then newcastle should be sued, 
  i do n't know what cholo was thinking making him debut against olympiakos in greece, 
  is he scottish scottish ? 
  or one of those 1/64 scottish american ? 
  you already had the chance last year !, 
  man imagine what would have happened if he had n't received the treatment , messi would now just be some random short argentinian playing street football after work, 
  it seems exciting but the constant commercial breaks make it unwatchable . 
  because it makes people like you butthurt, 
   for the uninitiated , this means he scored , on average , a shade under 100 runs every time he batted . 
  ah this makes things clear now, 
  what the fuck am i watching ? 
  i dunno man , that 's one big-ass kid, 
  woah !, 
  such cultural differences !, 
  it 's like you went to a totally new country !, 
  lol butthurt, 
  asturias f.c. 
  in mexico , they were the first champions of the professional era but dissolved in 1950, 
  default and standard are n't the same thing, 
  what 's so fucked up about two adults being in a consensual relationship ? 
  seems like the artist was more interested in making a pretty picture than in connveying information adequately, 
  but albania you are kebab !, 
   also a cornerstone in this bullshit movement , a pantomime of social revolution , is `` spain is robbing us '' . 
  i 'm far from a socialist but i completely agree with you on this , if wealthier individuals have to pay more in taxes than poorer people why should n't this apply to regions aswell ? 
  do people that say `` espanya ens roba '' also support eliminating progressive taxation because it 's not fair that some people pay more into the system than they receive ? 
   putting a whole generation, 
  i 'm sorry but nobody but himself put him 260k in debt, 
  courtois says hi too, 
  provided that you do n't get a retarded major, 
  it 's not about being a stem autist , it 's about having realistic expectations : studying accounting is a good investment , studying women 's studies is n't, 
   rather , it shows that on a societal level there is something very wrong if an entire half of the population is consistently working at lower-paying jobs, 
  not necessarily , it can be evidence of them taking up jobs that are less likely to result in death or mutilation ( teacher vs underwater welder ) , that are in a more confortable environment ( office worker vs construction worker ) or that have better working hours ( accountant vs investment banker ), 
  nowadays if you want to learn for free you can do it , if you are going to spend 20k and 4 years of your life then you better be making an investment . 
  it 's possible that that could have made leary jump over the table . 
  maybe it would have been interesting to witness . 
  man `` capocannoniere '' sounds like such a badass title, 
  except that such money loaned out becomes a smaller and smaller quantity with each passing cycle . 
  bank receives a 100 deposit , keeps 10 as reserve and loans out 90 , then receives 90 as deposits , keeps 9 and loans 81 , receives 81 in deposits , and this keeps going on and on until the money created reaches a finite quantity . 
  well he watched a youtube video proving that jews are using fractional reserve banking to control the world , so that makes him an expert on this sort of stuff . 
  man this sounds like the sort of compliment a robot that 's learning how to love would give, 
  i 've been going on 4chan for six years now and it really is full of teenagers trying to be edgy and shitposting , there 's the odd good post here and there but i do n't get why ledditors glorify 4chan so much, 
  i do n't , i go to / sp / , / fit / , / int / , / tv / and / biz / mainly , while there 's good advice from time to time there are plenty of retarded teens, 
  i just watched it there , i 'm in spain if it matters . 
  i remember i was once drinking with these two fat chicks and they kept buying me shot after shot and pressuring me to not leave , i eventually made an excuse and got away from them , i suppose that 's the creppy guy equivalent, 
  why not take up a sport outside of university ? 
  join a hiking club ? 
  ahh , i did n't know that , so that 's why i failed that statistics exam !, 
  i remember going to a crossfit gym once and seeing people deadlifting bars full of plates and being impressed , then i tried it myself and it turns out that the plates they use are much much lighter than they look, 
  it 's not stupid at all , mixed grip is pretty helpful for deadlifting, 
  i did it this way :, 
  1 milankovitch cycles, 
  3 invasion of yugoslavia, 
  4 adolf hitler, 
  it 's a nice attitude , but it 's generally a bad idea to try to chase someone that is about to score an obvious try , you 'll get tired for nothing, 
  the problem is that if you 're tired after chasing people unnecessarily you 're going to concede more tries , this is specially important in rugby 7 's, 
  depends , i 'm not saying you should never chase someone , last weekend i played and stopped two tries after chasing the guys , but when it 's completely obvious that they will score you should n't bother, 
  are you talking about the marginal rate of substitution for consumption in the future and consummption now ? 
  `` top calibur '', 
  lol, 
  how are the new zealand league players called ? 
  only european portuguese though, 
   rugby fans can be some of the worst circlejerkers in how they go out of their way to call other sports not as tough . 
  this this this , i love the sport but this circlejerk drives me insane , i feel like a lot of people like playing rugby not because they actually enjoy the game but because then they can tell everyone how manly they are, 
  oh come one man , i 'm not american , but as far as i know breaking into someone 's yard like that is pretty fucking weird . 
  i knew you were n't i just did n't see the point in your sarcasm given that the op of that thread was being pretty reasonable ( and the comment you 're replying to is talking about him , not about the guy that was linked in the post ) . 
  basically ancaps believe we live in a perfect competition world , where there are no natural monopolies and the only way a barrier of entry for an industry can exist is through government intervention . 
   i think that developing a useful ~ 200 word copypasta to explain why luddism is wrong would be a really useful endeavour . 
  i think developing a faq for common talking points in economics ( like minimum wages , what keynesianism , austrian economics , etc are , hopw fractional reserve banking works , etc ) would be amazing , sadly i do n't think i 'm qualified for doing that , given that i 'm merely a lowly undergrad in his last year . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker and i use whom correctly , does it sound weird to natives ? 
   the problem is you 're focusing on the things in life that do n't really matter . 
  when i was a kid i had hopes and dreams . 
  we all did . 
  but over time , the daily grind gets in the way and you miss the things that really matter , even though they ... are right in front of you , staring you in the face . 
  i think the next time you should ask yourself `` am i on the right track here ? '' . 
  i hope you use the few brain cells you have and take advantage of the knowledge i have given you . 
  good luck . 
  i love this copypasta, 
  yes , but the sub saharans themselves would n't see it that way . 
  if you mean carlin isles : he was playing rugby 7s which is a form of rugby where you play with seven players a side in a field made for 15 players a side , which makes it easy for really fast people to succeed , while the same would n't happen in regular rugby, 
  hopefully we 'll play oviedo , that way i 'll get a chance to see them at the tartiere, 
  this comment would only apply to for profit organizations , in this case we 're talking about a non-profit that does n't need to compete in costs against other non-profits . 
   he takes the elevator to the first floor to go to work everyday . 
  this really confused me , given that the first floor of a building is n't the same as the ground floor, 
  jesus , she 's deadlifint more than three and a half times her weight, 
  please do n't link to crap sites like that, 
   can you think of another reason ? 
  maybe in russian society dressing like this is less sexualized than in the west ? 
  ( i 'm specultaing here , anyone more knowledgeable feel free to correct me ), 
  see it this way : an iranian guy may see western girls of that age showing more than women in his country , it does n't mean that western girls are necessarily traumatized children looking for sexual attention . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with alcohol consumption : russia has some of the highest rates of alcoholism in the world , this means a lot of drunk shenanigans . 
  mexico is actually the country with the biggest concentration of american immigrants : en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_mexico, 
   ( past 2-3 years ), 
  there have been 4 games in the last three years , it 's ridiculous to use that as evidence of anything,
