  this is impossible if we ignore homosexual men and women , the mean ( average ) should be the same for both , what can actually be different is the median, 
  that 's why they also think that getting a fancy job and beinng strng and empowered will make them more attractive, 
  lol butthurt, 
   i think the same is true for any touristy area . 
  the food in downtown madrid is great even in a touristy place , same goes for the market in barcelona near the ramblas, 
  no , if you have 10 men and 10 women in a population and the ten guys bang one woman then average number of sex partners for the men is 1 , while the average number of sex partners for the women is also 1 . 
  this same reasoning applies to a population of millions . 
  the worst part is that i would still find these pictures to be uninteresting even if i knew the woman in them, 
  yes i think that would have been more correct , since it 's obvious that all homeless people are almost by definition poor, 
  i remember calling a sociology professor a teacher once and she got pissed off and corrected me . 
   that kind of thing should be determined by up/downvotes ,, 
  the upvote system is useless , so much shit gets upvoted on this site , specially on big subreddits, 
   so the solution is banning poor quality content instead ? 
  i think it 's a good solution for big subreddits , yes, 
  it is, 
  mohamed is the most popular surname in ceuta and melilla, 
   not called colonies but autonomias , it 's the same thing though, 
  not really , they have the same rights as any spanish citizen, 
  also , madrid is the capital of spain , and barcelona is its second biggest city . 
  what ` sthe point of the graph at the bottom ? 
  it 's categorical data , the line is meaningless, 
   another reason for having a small positive inflation is in order to avoid [ 4 ] the liquidity trap . 
  this is a situation in which monetary intervention - supposedly - is no longer viable to stimulate the economy . 
  ( see : japan ), 
  you aso want to avoid a deflationary spiral , and have a way to counteract downward nominal wage rigidity . 
  would n't tying it to inflation increase inflation ? 
  that 's one adverse effect i can think of . 
  liberal is a rather vague word that means different things in different contexts ( in fact , outside of the us the word liberal means being pro-small government ) , do you ahve a specific policy in mind ? 
  he knows , he just thinks it 's an awesome true story, 
  yes , but the plazas de autonom\u00eda still are n't colonies : they 've been an integral part of spain since the middle ages , just because they are n't in europe does n't mean they 're colonies , that would be like saying that the european part of turkey is a colony . 
  in one comment he claims to be 13 , really explains a lot, 
  ehh it 's possible that he got a job at 16 and saved every pay check from it, 
  tbh female oriented subreddits tend to be hugboxes where you have to walk on eggshells, 
  is this the reason why portuguese speakers can understand spanish speakers better than spanish speakers can understand them ? 
  i think this only happens if you 're disorganized ( unless you 're doing something extremely hard ) and try doing shit at the last minute, 
  yeah reddit always runs into the ground any mildly amusing joke, 
  ##### it 's so kawaii, 
  those are not flaming pigs ... 
  2 neutral a positivamente, 
  can you please explain why it 's a terrible comparison instead of just hand waving away his argument ? 
  it 's the mexican knock off ... 
  why would she send him deodorant ? 
  i 've never been to thailand but i would be surprised if you could n't find speed stick there, 
  from his posting history it just looks like someone mocking reddit , for example , he made this : http://i.imgur.com/faupkgb.png, 
   some dude call her a cunt and a tease because she turned down his `` coffee '' invite in an elevator at 4am . 
  the fuck ? 
  you 're making shit up, 
  yes , it 's not like lawyers take classes on logic and rhetoric, 
  i 'm mexican too , and i agree , blackness is seen as something very unattractive . 
  no , even people in the poorest places in the world will refuse money when they offer you meal at their home . 
  personal experience with extremely poor people in mexico , and anecdotes from other people . 
  first thing that came to my mind, 
   it is far rarer for mentally ill people to become homeless than it is for homeless people to become mentally ill . 
  do you have statistics to back up this claim ? 
  ugh there 's nothing cheesier than bikers with a tough exterior but a heart of gold, 
  so haxxorz so wow, 
  the knee wraps are so that they can be easily lifted, 
  i disagree , they were mildly amusing when they were still only being made on 4chan and they were actually aboout things that make you rage , not some shitty 8 panel comic about your unimportant life, 
  french soccer/football player eric cantona is rather famous for kicking a fan, 
  21 hours is around 4 hours a day of classes , does n't sound bad at all , is there something i 'm missing ? 
  try taking differential equations , econometrics and the more advancd statistics classes friendo, 
   informaci\u00f3n redundante, 
  it 's what i got from the godfather : part 2 . 
  mobsters try to make it all about honor , family and loyalty , but in reality they 'll kill their friends and kin if it 's beneficial to them . 
  they do n't link anymore because idiots tend to invade the posts linked here, 
  what is it with these dumbasses and the beatles ? 
  the beatles were one of the first massively popular pop music groups with lyrics just as vapid and tunes just as catchy as any artist that they hate on . 
  it 's one thing to inform them , it 's another to go all `` le no_sob_story army '' on them, 
  you only need a couple of idiots to start harrassing people, 
  where do you people find this shit ? 
  i do n't pity the people that are now suffering because of the bugs , that 's what you get for supporting bad business practices , next time do n't pre-order . 
  you could have brokered an alliance with the spartan rebels and then declared war on athens, 
  ugh i have a friend of a friend that i 've never even hooked up with that tries to cock-block me whenever she sees me , the fuck is wrong with this people ? 
  fun fact your dick starts as a clitoris in the womb until hormones make it a penis, 
  it 's like bragging about being the tallest midget, 
  what alphabet do they use ? 
  latin ? 
  chinese ? 
   there is one point where you ca n't just see that life is not about someone else , it 's about you . 
  i do n't think you understood the movie , this is exactly what happens, 
  yep , the content 's good but the comments are awful, 
  something similar happened in argentina : http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/01/23/footie_mad_tattooist/, 
  yeah , architects make pretty good money in mexico too . 
  the actual outcome predicted by game theory would have been for both boats to push the button , that 's the nash equilibrium . 
  the way you come out on top is by going home with a nice girl by your side while the other guy goes home to masturbate and have a pathetic life . 
  i do n't get it, 
  you got ta work for the jews , they 'll pay you in the gold that the fed should be using to back the dollar, 
   npr reported recently on how , out of the vacuum of governance that had become mali , musicians became the voice to which people turned for a sense of place and direction . 
  more recently , some friends returned from a large conference on persian culture , where intellectuals and artists from across the spectrum , and around the globe , brought together by poetry , found themselves considering serious issues regarding the future of their beloved homeland . 
  i find this whole paragraph extremely cloying, 
   but that just assumes that all women are willing to sleep with women . 
  it does n't , it assuems that for many men the only way they can tolerate their woman sleeping with other people is if they 're doing it with other woman . 
  i do n't know in the us , but anders breivik is a right wing conspiratard . 
  it 's clearly the most reasonable explanation, 
   i 'm not sure if we want to get into that , but it 's worth considering . 
  let conspiratards think whatever the hell they want to think, 
  `` i just lost a bunch of blood stopping a man from raping a girl , instead of going to the doctor or filing a police report i 'm going to post on reddit to receive praise '', 
  cactus salad tastes great and is easy to prepare, 
  but he is n't working 24 hours a day , he probably works less than 8 hours, 
  and your full salary for that is 7k correct ?
