  that goes for online interactions too , you 're really talking out of your ass . 
  it 's because mexico is a non-white country , there 's really no other explanation . 
   imagine the backlash if someone told an american that they were unwelcome to fly their flag in another country . 
  mexico actually has the biggest population of us citizens abroad , lots of them fly their flags here and nobody gives a shit . 
  poertugal has n't legalised it , its consumption is decriminalised . 
  according to economic theory degrees serve two purposes :, 
  signaling : basically what a degree does is serve as a signal that you have the intelligence and discipline required to finish a 4 year degree . 
  this aspect does get devalued as more people get degrees , and the losers in this case are the ones without degrees . 
  productivity : on top of signaling that you 're disciplined a smart , a degree also makes you a better worker by teaching you useful skills , this helps the economy on the aggregate because now we 're able to produce more goods with the same amount of people . 
  he does have a point if he 's presenting his argument along the lines of what paul krugman is saying here :, 
  why would you be scared of hillary ? 
  sanders is against free trade with mexico , hillary is n't, 
  oh how nice of them !, 
  i bet they also have a black friend !, 
   ya vieron sicario y la serie de breaking bad . 
  \u00bf no es anticonstitucional eso ? 
  eddie redmayne for jupiter ascending and the danish girl, 
  claro !, 
  we are !, 
  but while our cuisine does have lots of fat i thik it 's because our cities are built for driving rather than walking . 
   well , the men could have stayed home and fought for their country . 
  i think that 's very easy to say from the confort of your chair . 
  what if you and your family had the hope of going to a safe developed country ? 
  you would n't take the chance and instead would die on the battlefield ? 
  mira este articulo para tips sobre fotos : http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/the-4-big-myths-of-profile-pictures/, 
  there are literally thousands of places like this littered through the yucat\u00e1n peninsula so you should n't worry about them being overcrowded . 
  how many hispanics are republicans there ? 
   that is money exiting the country . 
  that depreciates the dollar in respect to the peso , which means that us exports become more competitive with respect to mexican exports , is that supposed to be bad ? 
  capital outflows depreciate national currencies under a floating exchange rate regime . 
  depreciated currencies make exported goods of a given nation cheaper . 
  what part of what i said has no basis in reality ? 
  did n't you learn this when getting your degree in economics ? 
   we are talking about maybe 10-20 billion dollars . 
  not nearly enough to have any major influence . 
  then conversely it 's not enough to matter negatively either . 
   let alone even if you could argue some benefit for depreciating the us dollar in relation to the peso that thus is beneficial to us exports to mexico that heavily out weights the millions of young and unskilled american workers who receive no work as a result of illegal immigration . 
  maybe , maybe not , that was n't the original argument so do n't move the goal posts . 
   did you learn this when getting your degree in economics ? 
  yeah , i only argue about subjects i 'm well informed in . 
   ps : you do n't capitalize ` economics ' in this situation because you are not reference it as a specific degree but in general terms . 
  fyi . 
   they and to a degree cuba as a whole were also tilted towards more spanish ancestry . 
  the cubans that fled to the us are , the cubans that stayed are n't . 
  it 's not that there are more spanish cubans than spanish mexicans , it 's just that european blooded mexicans never had a reason to flee as they are the wealthiest group in mexico, 
   3:00 pm - `` omg they watered him down , he 's not even that smart and he 's not nearly badass enough '', 
  for you , maybe , personally i think that he was a bit of a hot head . 
   lost it 's war of invasion against the us back in like 1840 ? 
  jesus christ man what have you been drinking ? 
  this is a pretty good analogy that resonates with me as a mexican , i believe that it 's perfectly reasonable for countries to choose who they let in , but in the specific case of mexican migration to the us ( especially when it comes to places like texas ) i really ca n't sympathize with the people complaining about illegals when those lands were originally conquered by illegal slave-owning us immigrants . 
  guatemalans and other central americans are n't entering mexico to immigrate , they 're passing through on their way to the us . 
  mexico is craking down on their immigration at the behest of the us : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/13/mexico-central-american-migrants-journey-crackdown, 
  i do believe that countries have a right to immigration law , the us included , i 'm just saying that i do n't feel the slightest bit of sympathy for those complaining about illegals while glorifying illegal slave-owning immigrants as freedom fighters . 
  i was referring to texans . 
  bugger off , micheladas rule, 
  spanish women are better looking , but english women are significantly easier though, 
   obama is a product of that great experiment and i think it 's really only a country such as ours that could have elected him, 
  mexico has them beat by about two centuries on that whole black president thing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vicente_guerrero, 
  it 's my favorite movie and i think it 's because it has everything : drama , comedy , social criticism , history , romance , etc, 
  he likes to bugger transvestites, 
  whic coincidentially also happens to be a popular fetish among trump supporters . 
  he looks like don quijote, 
  you mean trump territory . 
  he could be a tercio real fighting in utrecht or fighting in the battle of lepanto . 
  i think what happens is that reddit is not a representative sample , and so it simply is a bad indicator of popularity , but not necessarily a good indicator of impopularity . 
  was n't obama extremely popular here ? 
   trump = = baelish [ manages money well ], 
  i think this is bad , baelish is subtle and cunning , trump is a loudmouthed populist , i think he should be khaleesi , he keeps promising stuff and is very charismatic but ultimately ahs no realistic plan nor experience . 
  de pescado, 
  it all comes down to how many different styles of indian pizza there are . 
  what does that have to do with my post ? 
  it 's the sortf of ad that may be loved by his supporters , but i really ca n't see how that ad would sway anyone else in his favor . 
  / r/forwardsfromabuela, 
   he may only have a plurality of votes so far but your link is telling me that he does actually have majority support from republicans . 
  i think you 're misinterpreting those numbers : you can be in favor of the most voted candidate being nominated due to a sense of fairness while still not being willing to vote for him . 
   strong on fixing the economy . 
  what concrete proposals has he said that makes him strong on this issue ? 
  he mostly just speaks in vague terms, 
  for me it was the 2000 mexican presidential election : i was 8 years old at the time and the hype around vicente fox was unbelievable , it was the first time in 70 years that a party other than pri held the presidency . 
   he is the literal opposite of well liked . 
  you mean he 's disliked ? 
   but i think he will pull it off . 
  just to name one example :, 
  how can he pivot away from the `` mexican rapists '' comments ? 
   by pointing out he never said mexicans are rapists . 
  he said mexico is sending their rapists , implying a deliberate attempt by the mexican government to send their criminals to america . 
  my point is not whether he said they 're rapists or not , what matters is that he is perceived as having said that . 
   imagine him loudly saying he loves mexican people and employs many of them will go far for him . 
  but he already said something along these lines , and it does n't seem like it worked out . 
   secondly , what if he picks a hispanic vp ? 
  someone who 's well regarded in the hispanic community ? 
  who do you have in mind ? 
  depends on the country , there is a significant number of retirees living in mexico ( which is the country with the biggest population of us citizens outside of the united states ), 
  he knows a lot of words and has a big brain too . 
   yes and the fact that asian americans are n't trying to blow up airports or metros shows that the assimilation policies in america are generally a success, 
  or maybe the difference lies with the immigrants themselves rather than with the assymilation policy . 
  europe also has non-muslim immigrants and they do n't go around blowing themselves up in airports . 
  idgf but that was terribly unfunny, 
  trump is like / r/forwardsfromgrandma incarnate, 
  tbf he only talked shit about mexicans .
