  constant stretching definitely helped my lordosis, 
   commitment is fucking manly . 
  i 'm tired of people saying x is manly y is unmanly , who the fuck are you to have any sort fo authority in that regard ? 
  i do n't care if he has cured cancer and aids , believing in that type of conspiracy makes him a mong, 
   i guess taxi driver is at fault : /, 
  well he was escaping a dangerous situation, 
  you should comment reality tv shows, 
  and what if you do n't find any passion in that art ? 
  moreover we ca n't justify years and years of math curricula on saying we should do it for art , there 's a reason we do n't get mandatory interpretative dance classes every year, 
  but then you 're saying that the girl in the op is correct right ? 
  she does n't actually need math, 
  i tend to forget all of my calculus as in , go from multivariate calculus to not being able to derivate basic functions , and i barely just finished a semester of statistics and i already forgot it too, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  moreover you can hold a plane hostage without ammo as long as the passengers do n't know your gun is empty, 
   the best alternative i can think of is get our hands out of the affairs of other nations so we stop pissing off people who are crazy enough to blow up our stuff . 
  1 international dimplomacy ca n't be simplified into `` just stay out of their countries man ! '' . 
  2 countries without significantly interventionist policies can also be targets of attacks . 
  3 not all terrorists or would-be plane hijackers are foreigners pissed off because you did n't `` stay out of their countries man ! '', 
  not only because of that , plenty of nutcases can find their own reasons for attacking a country that have nothing to do with foreign interventions ( e.g. 
  unabomber , mcveigh , breivik , etc ), 
   explaining the purpose of your holiday , explaining the amount of cash you are bringing ( not a lot ) , trying to give your job description , where you will be staying etc etc. 
  this is a routine procedure every time you enter a foreign country ( except in places like the schengen area ) , nothing to do with the tsa , do n't be melodramatic . 
  well i 'm mexican and i 've been questioned like that upon entering the us and the uk , continental europe seems rather lax in that regard . 
  those still have a crew and can still be used for hijacking or crashing the plane, 
  it is absolutely clear to me that our interventionist policies are to blame for our current situation regarding terrorism, 
  so how exactly would stopping interventionist policies prevent the existence of people like the unabomber , timothy mcveigh and other terrorists grown in the us ? 
  it 's like the op took every stupid keyword that would get redditors drooling `` science !, 
  girl !, 
  mmo !, 
  dragons ! '', 
  it 's a joke right ? 
  the whole mountain dew/neckbeard/christian thing gives it away, 
  i do n't think you even understood what i was arguing about , i never said that interventionism did n't cause foreign terrorism , i did n't say that the tsa was needed , i did n't say that the unabomber and macveigh ever used planes , what my argument was about is that simply stopping interventionism wo n't stop terrorism , ergo it wo n't change the fact that there are people willing to take over/blow up planes , and so suggesting that the usa stop its interventionist as an alternative to the tsa makes no sense . 
  on top of this there is also a psychological aspect to not using money , we tend to not take it as seriously as real cash ( e.g. 
  in an experiment people are more likely to cheat if the reward is a token that can be redeemed for cash than if the reward is just an equivalent amount of cash ), 
  a great explanation of the concept of comparative advantage can be see here :, 
   that is a very common practice in latin america and asia ( those are the ones i relate to ) . 
  it 's very common everywhere except for northern europe and anglo-saxon countries, 
   but its natural when you live with someone for so long and have children together . 
  it 's actually the opposite for some people, 
  what ever made you believe that making an account and keeping it active for 4 months just for teh sole purpose of posting the same smiley made any sort of sense ? 
  if it wo n't stop terrorism , and thus not make the tsa unnecessary , then what was the point of even mentioning non-interventionism in the first place ? 
  it 's not but the sheer absurdity of the account made me ask, 
   i got called a slut at a swinging party - and i 've still not lost my cherry, 
  well what where you doing there ? 
  just drinking soda and watching from a corner ? 
  my mom 's been married for around 25 years , she is a stay at home mom , she left her job to take care of her 4 children , if she were to divorce right now she would be a fifty year old with the work experience of a twenty five year old , nobody is going to hire her , so yes , some form of alimony or monetary compensation upon divorce seems entirely justified to me . 
  it pisses me off when women think i 'm hitting on them, 
   the difference between a financial adviser and a stock broker, 
  ehhhh , a stock broker can give execution only services ( no advice , no management ) , ** advice ** only services and full management services . 
   she did what she wanted to do . 
  her choice , her consequences . 
  well that 's like saying `` a man chose to get married in the first place , now he pays the consequences '', 
  i 'm not saying that a stay at home partner should be set for life or anything but at least they should be given some help to get back on their feet, 
   t would mean people would stop going to college and prices would drop . 
  the values of degrees would decrease significantly . 
  if people stopped going to college then the degrees would be worth more , not less, 
  economics is n't the study of money , economics is the study of the allocation of scarce resources , public funds are scarce resources , things as abstract as culture or public welfare are resources . 
  free market tv also gave us hbo and the discovery channel, 
  if we can make a calculation of the welfare provided by publicly funded arts being bigger than the cost ( both the actual cost and the opportunity cost ) of funding them i say we should go for it , but i wo n't be convinced by any arguments appealing to emotion, 
  look at separatism in spain , the uk or the balkans , a united states of europe would be just like that turned up to 11, 
  because the stay at home partner ( yeah stay at home dads too ) just spent a significant part of his or her life working at something that benefits the family as much as a regular job does , yet does n't allow you to acquire employable skills, 
  i 've been groped many times by women , the most extreme one was the time when two women dipped their hands inside my boxers , gay guys are definitely more respectful ( or maybe they know that if they do that to a guy they can expect a violent response ), 
  trigger warning for swolephobia, 
  the guilty culprit is our swolerapeculture and the matriarchy, 
  i agree with your post . 
  so i just took a bite off my manly beefjerky and karate chopped a kid until he pooped his organs, 
  tbh that 's what they get for worshiping an asshole, 
   is pretty much rape, 
  i belive that there are laws against secretly taping people , however it 's not rape , and the willingness of women like you to use rape accusations as a tool for revenge only makes it harder for true rape victims to be taken seriously . 
  why would you even go on a date with the guy ? 
  it 's extremely common in spanish speaking countries though, 
  yeah nice try lady !, 
  you almost got us there for a second !, 
  go to places like argentina or uruguay , european identification is much more prevalent there , moreover , european identification is prevalent among the `` criollos '' in most latin american countries . 
  related to this :, 
  [ the religion of peace strikes again ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-19570254 ), 
  it 's usually old people in certain regions ( madrid , navarre , andalusia , etc ), 
  cockfighting is legal in mexico ( and so is bullfighting ), 
  wat , bullfighting is as big in mexico as in spain and the `` ganaderias '' are the same , i do n't like bullfighting , but please stop making shit up, 
  they 're called `` banderillas '', 
  1 many , many people that are descendants of survivors live in the usa, 
  2 it 's something that happened in a conflict where the united states were involved, 
  3 it 's an event within western european culture, 
  really ? 
  it happened on my first campaign , how do you usually play the game ? 
  it happens when you become too popular with the plebs, 
  well , you can both be a nice , deeply thoughtful guy and fuck a grapefruit, 
  how did you go to war with the senate ? 
  did they declare it on you ? 
  i know , what i 'm trying to say is that he probably had n't seen it because he unilaterally declared war instead of waiting for the senate to do so . 
   he should be deported to the country he immigrated from, 
  is this standard procedure ? 
  male circumcision is bad , but it is n't comparable to female circumcision ( in most cases ), 
  oh bugger off you fetish hipster, 
  mainly because of this :, 
   light mainstream fetishes that are way too general to be fetishes at all, 
  you have to realize that most people are n't used to whatever super hardcore bdsm-kink sub culture you belong to , this is the equivalent of me going to a thread talking about fitness and acting like a prick because people want to `` tone up '' for summer and `` look like brad pitt in fight club '', 
   an extreme bodybuilding forum and saying, 
  yes , because askreddit is a hardcore fetish website , right ?
