  thanks for the compliments !, 
  but i definitely think that my shirt is too loose , i have way too much arm space ( and i have big arms ) , do n't worry though , i will still look for clothes that are a little looser than what mfa recommends, 
  oh god i hate people that name drop fallacies, 
  there 's still the height and bone advantage , getting hormone therapy wo n't make you automatically shorter, 
  he did nothing wrong after all ... 
   and how many sports require someone to be of a certain hight or bone density ? 
  require ? 
  as in rules requiring that ? 
  none that i know of , but height is huge advantage in combat sports , i took some mma classes last summer , when sparring i would just jab the guy in front of me and keep my distance , it was easy as shit, 
  your just jealous of my me-me 's, 
  sorry mod , gon na delete that now, 
  so you friendzone her ? 
  genius `` i would love to date you but i do n't see you that way , you 're like a drinking buddy to me ! '', 
  heheh i thought that this was a circlejerk subreddit where parody comics were being made , somebody actually made this crap, 
  epic for the win even, 
  my good sir, 
  i dislike drugs in general , so it 's an absolute turn off, 
  yeah and both accounts are new , seems like bullshit to me , lol @maryjane, 
  damn that 's more expensive than high class escorts, 
  they both seem like idiots, 
  i do n't think it 's a loophole , it 's pretty much what they 're there for . 
  edit : this is something that 's been available in all totalwar games , e.g. 
  you can use spies and priests to incite a rebellion in an ally 's region . 
  i 've drunk beer in a hot tub before and it was very relaxing to have something cold while being in hot water , i imagine showerbeers are like that, 
  i 'm in a similar situation , live on a different continent , but i , surprisingly , do n't miss my family all that much , i suppose i 'm just weird, 
  i 've been here for two years already though, 
  there 's snow in the mountains of baja california , so it 's not a dumb question . 
  gab that to me mug m8 and see what comes aboot, 
  you 're supposed to stop if you 're involved , not just if you see it ( in that case everyone in the street should have stopped too ), 
   not a native english speaker , so excuse the lousy writing . 
  so you worked at a call center and do n't speak english ? 
  you 're indian are n't you ? 
  high five mexicano entonces !, 
  become her friend and passively wait until she falls in love with you then complain that all women are whores when she does n't love you abck . 
  a droplet of water , a pea, 
  well if the person in question is allergic to pollen ... 
  perhaps something to do with whores, 
  it could be a physical share certificate , then again that would be a piece of paper , and somebody can probably find a way to kill you with that, 
   she left korea, 
  she went to korea after vietnam or did you make a mistake ? 
  no , it 's the famous falklands war mod for med2, 
  not only the american goivernment , the eu for example has the common agricultural policy, 
  i do n't think it 's even an oversimplification of his stance , it 's just plain wrong , here is krugman writting against farm subsidies : http://www.nytimes.com/2002/05/07/opinion/true-blue-americans.html, 
  i love high heels , i generally love girly girls, 
  i was 14 and getting drunk for the first time , my brother got an equally drunk girl to kiss me , it was disgusting, 
  i definitely lose attraction for women my friends have hooked up with ( dated, 
  what ? 
  you honestly believe that a hot girl that shat herself would n't be posted here ? 
   srs wo n't come and downvote the shitty up-voted comments on default subreddits . 
  well this is bullshit and you know it , look at your own `` srscharts '' and compare them with the time when a post is submitted , there 's a perfect correlation between downvotes and being linked on srs, 
  jesus christ , i completely agree , they annoy me more than they annoy you ... 
  people that do hard drugs, 
  i always come to threads and find that you 've just answered what i would answer , this is getting bizarre . 
  try eating at casinos , they have cheap and good food, 
  gb2/int /, 
  i believe that it has more to do with the effects of fire on the body ( deforming the skin and tendons ) than with the way the victim was before being burned, 
  he 's asking about special interests regarding weed , wtf do jews have to do with it ? 
  this actually amde me laugh bretty good 5/5 : dddd, 
  that dude 's suit is too baggy , does n't fit him at all, 
  oh god i loved this show, 
  it 's a classic error few people realise they 're doing . 
  home made bacon , especially when that special someone slaughters the pig herself . 
  i love your response and i liove how this subreddit does n't sugar coat things http://memegalore.com/wp-content/uploads/okyd7vp.gif, 
  yeah why even try you know ? 
  it 's scientifically proven !, 
  i 'll just dwell on my mediocrity feeling self pity, 
  if it helps i feel the exact same way , i 'm in university too and i still do n't know any people with whom i can connect . 
   even economists ca n't agree on most things . 
  this is a common misconception , legitimate economists ( that is , non quacks ) agree on most issues , only the differences and non-economists giving their dumb opinions ( like ron paul ) make it to the news . 
  my experience exactly , i got up in a sociology class and the prof got pissed off, 
  the comments seem mostly ok to me , you just want to pick a fight . 
   a 25 year old should n't be dating a 19 year old . 
  according to ? 
  which imo makes it actually worse . 
  `` irish '', 
  nah he asked for it by asking, 
  op i think that the problem is your ego , and i do n't mean this as an attack , i suffer from the same problem , you 'll just have to deal with the fact that there will always be someone better at evrything than you , i eman , if you were in a top school you would be comparing yourself to the top students , if you were one of the top students you would be comparing yourself to the top of your field , and on and on and on , i really ca n't give you a good solution to this since i still suffer from it , but i just try to focus on improving myself instead of comparing myself to others, 
  would a tulip bulb actually taste like an onion ? 
   how 's manning up, 
  fuck you , i 'm not following the rest of the discussion , but i 'm tired from all these nobodies that pretend to define what `` real men '' do and do n't, 
  just letting you know you just made many people sad today , me included . 
  i have him at +18 , it 's uncanny . 
  perpetual 5 o clock shadow here , feels good man, 
  thanks for the response !, 
  how did they get adrien brody to do that shit ? 
  great !, 
  ive already read two books by him and loved them, 
  what kind of retard thinks tht drinking wine makes you feminine ? 
  is this an american thing where you go `` hurr durr europeans are fagets '' ? 
  you can leverage your blackness with the social justice crowd and have something stupid like `` let me show mean people on reddit that black people can code '' or `` tropes vs black people on videogames '', 
  i just use an electric razor , works the same, 
  y que ? 
  well , what was it ? 
  i mean the us dollar was convertible to gold , and other currencies had a fixed exchange rate to the dollar , so it 's a quasi-gold standard right ? 
  surely you have the data to source your assertion that things did n't improve for the common person . 
  check duolingo.com for courses and memrise.com for flashcards, 
  so you just mean the united kingdom ? 
  ^ i ^ kid ^ i ^ kid, 
  a very well known example of this is el corralito : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corralito, 
  is this flashmob related to the flashmob in a san francisco hotel ?
