  the post you quote says exactly the opposite, 
  what a disappointingly short and shallow article . 
  three paragraphs , really ? 
  i feel tempted to make a fake poost to see the sort of shit they upvote, 
  edit : these people are n't any better than those that `` like '' images that say `` like this to end child hunger '', 
  they probably think that it means that they 're more mature . 
  and neither are genderqueer , womyn , cissexual , etc. . . 
  i was there 4 years ago and i swam there just fine, 
  add www.memrise.com to that too , great for flashcards and a nice complement to duolingo, 
  dude , say ` obliterate ' or something more appropriate . 
  i 'm offended by the word destroy . 
  here 's one from the st. louis fed , so hardly a biased source in this matter :, 
  would you feel the same if it were an unattractive friend ? 
   `` groupies '', 
  goddamnit why do these people have groupies ? 
  geoff pls leave, 
  honestly youtube loads like crap and sometimes removes fairly mild videos, 
  you 're researching freakonomics-type of stuff in a macroeconomcis class ? 
  this looks so damn futuristic, 
  or maybe because / r/mensrights does n't revolve around posting links to comments you find offensive in the same way srs does ? 
  i 'm not part of the mrm , nor am i subscribed to / r/mensrights , i 'm saying that a subreddit that revolves around posting links and brigading comments that offend them is more likely to post a link and brigade a comment that offends them, 
  exactly , native american could mean anything ranging from the inuit to patagonian natives . 
  it 's not a polandball joke , it 's from / v / and it became a brazilian stereotype, 
   anyway it ended up disastrously and after a few days i never spoke with her again . 
  you ca n't leave us hanging like this, 
  he was also drunk , did they rape each other ? 
   but it seems like a see women do this more than i see men do it, 
  maybe as a woman you notice this more because you hang out more with women ? 
  ahhh i see . 
   the trouble with microfinance is that it is still finance , and thus part of the capitalist logic . 
  capitalism has internal contradictions , for example the problem of surplus capital , which make the system inherently unsustainable . 
  what microfinance effectively does is introduce more people into the grasps of finance capitalism . 
  which thus allows a very volatile and violent economic system to reach those which previously `` got away '' . 
  i do n't think anything that relies on loans , or adopts a finance model regardless of how benevolent the intentions will ever be sustainable . 
  is this unsourced , politically sensationalistic type of comment worthy of being the top post ? 
   en avant de l'internet !, 
  should n't this be `` devant l'internet '' ? 
  can you give me something more empirical than something that looks like it was taken out of this website : http://www.elsewhere.org/pomo/ ? 
  because they want to be the ones doing the rejecting part damnit !, 
  check out the sidebar at / r/fitness , it will be really helpful, 
  diabetes is a social construct, 
  40 % is way too fat for me personally , and i think 35 % would be too much if it were n't for the fact that the girl carries it well, 
  bad breath , fatness , dreadlocks , those stupid mc hammer pants some chicks like to wear, 
  or use the scroll wheel, 
  as an aspiring economist i would love to see more empirical sociology and less `` post-ante-trans-marxist-modernist patriarchal hegelian interpretations of gender in 12th century croatian poetry '', 
   ~ ~ unacceptable . ~ ~, 
  inacceptable, 
  agreed , if i were working in a company i would prefer being with someone without a degree than with a degree in that . 
  it was a dumb joke, 
  is this based on empirical evidence ? 
  should we expect old women to be more raped than , say , women in their 20 's ? 
  it seems like it 's softcore gay porn, 
  redditors have an uncanny talent for running jokes into the ground, 
  is he dumb ? 
  why does he think acting like he 's cooler than his audience is a good idea ? 
  why would n't people at intel be aware of it ? 
  for those that do n't get it , `` cajeta '' is argentinian slang for vagina while being the name of a mexican candy, 
  fucking animals #yolo, 
  the `` urban youths '' would riot for days, 
  are n't you austrian ? 
  i 'm fine with hazing if it 's just something silly like getting drunk and having people write stuff on you , but i 'm not a doormat and i would n't do something where the only purpose is humilliating me, 
  oh i knew it from your post . 
  was n't carranza more aligned to liberal american ideals than villa ? 
  noice i learned something new today, 
  also the fact that he claims that he used to hate computers until he got a mac is suspicious for a `` computer scientist '' :, 
   all i remember is how much i used to subconsciously hate computers until i got one that was nice to look at and convenient to work with . 
  do n't forget to add hidden masonic symbols to the sourcecode, 
  jesus christ just stop commenting here , you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  i 've only ever wanted to date three girls in my life , with the first one i chickened out , with the other two i was pretty starightforward , nothing came out of it , but i feel good for at least not being a pussy, 
  i think that they are people so desperate about their life situation that they latched into the first `` miracle '' solution to their problems that they could find . 
  they would be better off learning how to dress well , working out and making an effort to socialize, 
  yeah i was thinking the same , no offense , but she kept forgetting her lines and being awkward, 
  you can buy `` slim fit '' polos and regular shirts that fit decently, 
  just start making out already, 
  no sisters here boss , may i interest you in one of my three brothers ? 
  yeah absolutely , i 've only seen very few attractive women that want to be dominant . 
  they also probably like the self esteem boost that comes from having a man act submissive towards you . 
  but then the harrassment is what 's illegal and not the racial slur right ? 
  you misunderstand freedom of speech , a private event is within its rights to kick you out if they do n't like your behaviour , it 's not like she was jailed . 
  at least in air france , champagne , wine and beer are all included in the cheapest tickets , so no need to buy first class to get drunk, 
  why are his misogynistic ideas even relevant ? 
  if he 's being obnoxious just tell him to cut it out or move out, 
  why are mongoloids downvoting this post ? 
  proof is necessary in this subreddit, 
  are they also the typed to complain about being stereotyped as criminals ? 
  even if i disagree with srs at least i undesrtand why they link posts to racist or sexist jokes , but what the hell was remotely offensive about that post ? 
   54 here . 
  the thing i see over and over again , in this sub and all over the place , is this assumption that there 's some way to know what `` women '' will do , or think , or like , or hate . 
  that 's crazy . 
  there are over 3 billion women on this planet ( yay ! ), 
  and they are individuals . 
  like men , or like gender , really , it 's a spectrum in every aspect of thought and behavior . 
  `` women are n't turned on visually '' is as much bullshit as `` women love porn . '', 
  same with `` women want to be romanced '' or `` women like bold guys . '', 
  but there are certain generalizations that you can make , and while there may be women that are into short , fat , unkempt , passive , and poor men the vast majority are n't, 
  i think that they have actual video evidence . 
  what was racist ? 
  he was describing a cultural practice that he admired, 
   are the downvotes on this thread shows there is political invasion on this sub . 
  i really would n't be surprised if srs had linked to this thread .
