  well argentina would n't have access to emergency credit lines , and confidence in the country would take a big hit ( why would soemone buy argentine bonds when the figures coming from the country are n't trustworthy ? ), 
  well how did you manage to get married ? 
  did a vagina magically land on your penis ? 
  so rape is bad but castration is good ? 
  your argument against rape was n't that it was illegal , it was that it is immoral, 
  i do n't understand what the fuck is going on here, 
  it 's all clear now, 
  iirc they have less body mass per surface , i think somebody asked that on askscience, 
  i always imagine that the sort of people who use those blades are the same sort of people that think fedoras are a classy accessory, 
  offensive jokes about issues he 's not sensitive about , of course !, 
  ehhh saw the punchline a mile away ... 
  i have a personal policy of downvoting people who bitch about getting downvoted , so i 've now downvoted op for complaining, 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` he 's never taken a single class in economics '' ), 
  i 'm donwvoting you for bitching about getting downvoted, 
  lel xd you sure tricked me !, 
  is n't that heel too big for horseback riding ? 
  i 'm gon na go through your comment history and downvote your comments until i get bored of it just because you had to bitch so much about getting downvotes, 
  look at the comments he gets from chicks there :, 
   how long u in hong kong ?!, 
  would love to see u !, 
   hi handsome . 
  oh my goodness . 
  i 'm going to log onto my myspace account just because of this picture . 
  looks like soemthing built on a city builder sim, 
  that 's precisely the impression i got from the trailer, 
  would ascendants also work ? 
  do n't forget `` locking your daughter in the basement and raping her for 26 years '' news stories, 
  yeah challenge his children to an arm wrestling competiotion then gloat about it in his face when you beat them, 
  artillery is fundamental in napoleon and empire, 
  we are a bit like zombies , but instead of brains we want rape, 
  same here, 
   the whole business cycle theory is created by keynesian policy ( it 's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy ) , since economic booms are created by the unsustainable credit expansions that we saw in the years before the crisis . 
  well in the case of european countries this simply is n't true , none of the eurozone countries can manipulate interest rates , and yet they are in recession . 
  so is catalonia, 
  well if you count valencia then you also have to count asturias , aragon , cantabria , murcia , extremadura , la rioja , canarias , ceuta , melilla , etc because in spain you 'll always find some weirdo with 19th century nationalistic dreams about his small town being some sort of empire, 
  as far as i know there is no major movement for independece, 
  oh my god !, 
  a heterosexual woman that only wants to have sex with people with whom she feels a connection !, 
  what a degenerate, 
  as far as i know the only places in spain with strong independentist movements are catalonia and basque country , anywhere else it 's just very very small parties that get less than 5 % of votes on elections, 
  well if the guy who said that is bisexual you would have a point, 
  i for one like women with lots of make up, 
  what was offensive about the joke ? 
  i was saying it in the context of that specific guy not wanting to date women who post on / r/gonewild , but if we talk about society in general i think you are right, 
  seems like a very similar concept to what paul romer proposes qith his charter cities : http://www.chartercities.org/, 
  god damnit you keep popping out around reddit and i always end up upvoting you wtf, 
  the answer is the train coming from chicago btw, 
  first of all i would n't judge her as a human being , and it would n't be a deal breaker ( yeah even if she were a porn star that got gangbanged and bukkaked by a bunch of bums ) but i would be lying if i said that promiscuity is n't a turn off, 
  if you believe that there 's a skeptic approved point of view for anything then you probably are n't a skeptic, 
  that was the main reason i was glad they got banned from this place , i do n't give a crap about violentacrez, 
  i wonder if those same women that are picky about height are in good shape ? 
  i 'm kind of wary of internet witch hunts, 
   photos of stacked bodies were all propaganda hoaxes, 
  how can somebody prove anything to you if any evidence will be dismissed as propaganda ? 
  yeh i was surprised about that too, 
  i used to play with a 360 controller , it was awful, 
  are n't there forms of insurance for primary sector producers that prevent wild price fluctuations ? 
  ca n't they hedge risk ? 
  why would they need a cartel for that ? 
  that 's what i imagine is happening , and the whole `` but our profits are unstable '' excuse is bullshit, 
   because the axiom , the founding premise is inaccurate . 
  well your understanding of the premise is inaccurate , as others said individuals are assumed to be utility maximizing not profit maximizing , moreover , this assumption is used for modeling , and models are by definition simplifications of reality, 
  and a super secret international conspiracy is trying to keep it down !, 
   the other thing i noticed about potheads is that their friendships are based on the dope itself , if they stop smoking it , they usually stop socializing with their fellow stoners since they lose all connection and all they can talk about is getting high as fuck . 
  this is something common to many addictions , my dad is an alcoholic and when he stopped drinking he started losing friends, 
   cannabis is addictive as hell , i 've seen it myself . 
  a cousin of mine had a severe psychotic episode from smoking weed , it 's not some innocent , harmless plant, 
  now that was n't passive aggressive ... 
   a few sets of crunches a day will do wonders, 
  no they wo n't , you ca n't spot reduce fat , going for a jog or weightlifitng would be better, 
  i disagree , i just got done with a hellish semester at university ( classes in the morning , at night , and private tutoring almost every day ) and managed to lose weight simply by being careful about my diet ( and no , i do n't cook , almost all my meals are pre-made , and those that are n't are simple things like sandwiches and cereal ), 
  as said before , depends a lot on how they carry the weight . 
  first chart : 35 and beyond are too fat for me, 
  second one : 10-21 ( except for 11 ) are too fat for me, 
  i 'm into fitness so i 'm very * very * turned off by overweight women, 
   1k buy a gold kruggerrand . 
  gold prices fluctuate like crazy , sounds like dumb advice, 
   or if they are n't , they should have someone old enough with them to think for them . 
  perhaps someone like a commander ... 
  they get praised because some people out there like patting themselves in the back for lying to someone with mental retardation , personally i do n't think his paintings are good , and so i simply do n't make a comment ( either good or bad ), 
  what the hell do russian oil tankers have to do with swiss companies bribing local warlords to dump waste ? 
  this is the same experience spanish people who study in the us report, 
  well , there could be innumerable reasons for that , it 's too broad of a question to answer , different labor prices ( are workers paid more in canada ? 
  ) , input prices ( are beef and vegetables more expensive in canada ? 
  ) , taxes ( does ontario have higher taxes than michigan ? 
  ) , cost of living , etc , all of that and more , can influence price differences between two countries and cities . 
  even within the same city you can see different prices for the same good , a personal experience of mine was buying a menu in a burgerking in barajas , madrid ( part of the metro area of madrid ) for 7 euros and then buying the same menu a few days later for 8 euros in a burger king right in the old part of the city . 
   i do n't see why most of the inputs would n't be determined on a global market ( like the market for oil , corn , etc. ), 
  they are n't , different countries have different tarifs and different transportation and storage costs , try buying fresh avocados in mexico and in norway and see if they cost the same . 
  it uses biaquantic medicine !, 
  he 's a scienntist ! - my mom, 
   i 've learned programming on my own , but it 's been drawn out and difficult trying to get my foot into the door since my degree is non-technical and i started with no networking contacts in the industry . 
  if i 'm reading you right : you do n't have a degree on the field you 're trying to break into , but you 're blaming your hardships on not having contacts ? 
  there are men that can get pregnant too , die cis scum, 
  it 's the lamest novelty account , and that 's definitely something noteworthy in this place, 
  while i do n't have the same problem as op your comment definitely applies to me , nice one, 
   when a 19-year-old man, 
  a 19 year old with a 14 year old is a bit weird , but i really do n't see how that guy is a pedo ( where i am it would be perfectly legal ), 
  omg so creepy , gon na post you on / r/shitredditsays for objectifying, 
  or pinche menonita if you want to diversify your insults,
