  it 's a big deal , i 'm not saying transexuals should run around with a megaphone shouting about it , but i think that if they 're interested in someone they should test the waters first ( see what his attitude about lgbt is ) and then say it . 
  it 's not an xkcd reference , not labelling the axes in a graph is an annoying habit some people have , like my dynamic macroeconomics professor grrrr, 
  have you read the book ? 
  why do you assume he used the term promiscuity in his surveys ? 
   source : i am a promiscuous male that the double standard here approves of . 
  your problem is that you think that this survey was about approving or not female promiscuity , it is n't . 
  as far as i know the majority of people here see nothing wrong with promiscuity from a moral stand point ( i.e. 
  promiscuous women are n't bad people ) , but they find it to be an undesirable trait , just like some people are n't attracted to fatpeople , or short people , or people with curly hair , etc etc, 
  ah i re-read your comment and now i understand . 
  i said the majority did n't , i did n't say all did . 
  * tips sombrero de charro *, 
  almost as fun as parkinson 's, 
  because lynch mobs are stupid and dangerous , and reddit has quite ethe experience with that . 
  they do in some tamales and cod prepared for christmas . 
  source : i 'm an actual mexican, 
  so not mexcian then . 
  if you write `` tamale '' instead of tamal you probably are n't very mexican, 
  yes , every time i see a post about this place i get annoyed by the misuse of `` le '', 
   3d printed brother won, 
  oh man this is amazing, 
  she seems legitimately mentally ill, 
  that 's why they are observers and not members you silly goose, 
  specially out of your country, 
  get in good shape, 
  when whites are over represented at the top of companies , politicians , rich people , etc then it 's clear evidence of their superiority , when jewish people are overrepresented in entertainment or business then it 's because they 're conspiring to destroy the white race !, 
  because they want to get sympathy customers, 
  did you mean to say summon or is there something i 'm missing ? 
  i 've plenty of calculus and a bit of differential equations , though my professor is making the course very light on the math . 
  op ca n't write coherently . 
  the article says he did but nothing came of it . 
  i also think that the article explains the incident . 
   i 'm married to a european, 
  why is this relevant ? 
  different kingdoms ( both muslim and christian ) in the iberian peninsula during different periods had different attitudes towards jews , christians and muslims . 
  it 's too simplistic to simply say that under the reign of the arabs the jews were treated well , for example , the almohads were rather harsh in their treatment of jews and christians and castile was relatively tolerant under the reign of alfonso el sabio . 
  yes but they like to ask to double check, 
  haha i 've never heard this reference before, 
  i 've seen the reference before , it 's just annoying to see the exact same reference every single time arsenal fc is mentioned, 
  to show how ridicoulous police officers are for pulling people over for recklessly endangering other people, 
  how many deaf people are 100 % deaf ? 
  the ones i 've met can at least hear a bit, 
  yeah , it 's pretty damn cheap actually, 
  damn you found a gf pretty quickly !, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  i 'm not usually too keen on libertarians , but the video was good imo , regardless of the source . 
  i dunno , that seems like an interesting enough photo, 
  the content seems fitting for / r/aww imo, 
  on top of being a shitpost , it 's a repost, 
  grrrrr soccer conspiracies drive me nuts , how can someone from a team that got a fake penalty in the very same match complain that ref was against him ? 
  i thought this was a pretty good use of the gif too, 
  i would n't call them ugly , but they are the definition of plain looking imo . 
  does n't even look like a handicap spot, 
  lol butthurt, 
  it sounds sort of like an erotic hypnosis mp3 i heard once : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xp1oat_isabella-valentine-jackpot-4_redband, 
  `` it 's like pizza but square ! '', 
  vancouver is n't in alberta , i think you just wanted to repost something that was posted yesterday on / r/mapporn, 
  that was really clear , thank you . 
  also , why does a lack of degrees of freedom make predictions worse ? 
  no pus ching\u00f3n wey, 
  there 's also a french website that is similar , though the concept seems pretty condescending towards men ( the name is translated as `` adopt a dude '' ) : adopteunmec.com, 
  novelty accounts regi\u00f3n 4, 
  i dunno the whole shopping cart thing rubs me the wrong way . 
  meh i 'm not saying i 'm super offended or anything , i just find it condescending , mildly irritating if you will, 
  is he retarded ? 
  why make that dumb excuse if his girlfriend had a miscarriage ( though this last part may also be a lie ) ? 
  personally i thought the boondock saints was attrociously cheesy ( in a cringeworthy way ) , i think tarantino does ultraviolence better, 
  that will be hard given that he does n't exist . 
  my response is based off what i 've learned from my macroeconomics classes , i can only speak from what the models i 've learned have taught me :, 
  let 's define fiscal responsibility as consumers saving a greater proportion of their disposable income than they currently do . 
  in the short run , gdp is driven by demand , a decrease in consumption would lead to a decrease in sales , employment , etc , in the end decreasing gdp , thus a recession would happen . 
  however , in the long run , gdp is driven by supply , and a higher savings rate means a higher accumulation of capital which boosts production which means that gdp will increase . 
  that 's a pretty interesting explanation , thanks, 
  i think the same goes for mexicans , i remember seeing a volkswagen with a nazi eagle statue on its bumber last summer, 
  funny thing is that for even older people , a childhood that consisted of playing video games instead of playing outside was a wasted childhood, 
  i 'm mexican and i 've been living in spain for 3 years , most people seem to ahve a positive opinion of mexicans , i have never been treated poorly for being one . 
  ahhh santiago calatrava : great sculptor ; [ shit architect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zubizuri ) . 
   this is probably a huge part of why the women 's game is so much less popular than the men 's . 
  no , that 's because men are much better at football than women . 
   if you use different currencies and these balances build up over time , it 's probably a symptom of currency controls . 
  or it 's a symptom of specialization , if you 're a non oil producing country you may have a trade deficit with an oil producer simply because you need what they produce more than what they need what you produce . 
  muh cristopher columbus was catalan, 
  yep , i heard this one years ago, 
  i hate buff men , they 're shallow people that judge others based on their appearance, 
  a good example of what you say is former mexican president vicente fox , now that he 's out of office he 's campaigning for legalising marijuana . 
   i 'm fuming right now having read this . 
  then the writer in that website has accomplished his goal , do n't . 
  read . 
  jezebel . 
  their whole business model consists of putting controversial headlines that will attract clicks from people like you . 
  / u/user _ history_bot omg_trigger_warning, 
  his mansion did, 
  i 've only seen one once in a bar in oviedo . 
  mexiko . 
  lol at the dramatic music, 
  that 's why they lose and restore their faith on humanity every three comments, 
  the op of that thread probably is n't even one of the parents , some weird people like posting other people 's photos for some reason, 
  this looks like a parody account tbh, 
  well , i have phobia of doctors because they keep telling me i 'm too fat to be healthy , so your username is triggering me more, 
  not if you 're a foreigner that does n't know that manchester is a city, 
  come on man , at least try giving some sort of argument instead of four paragraphs of childish insults .
