  in other words : he 's admitting that it 's reasonable for hispanics ( regardless of legal status or nationality ) to dislike him . 
  the people desperate enough to vote for a candidate just for a chance to look at boobs are already voting for sanders . 
  and he was genoese not italian ... 
  mna , i just watched a news report about venezuelans having to pick fruit from the trash at the market , really makes mexico look like fucking switzerland or something . 
  there 's a significant number of really shitty mexican fans , every game in mexico has some asshole doing that . 
  ah yes , i remember my summers as a child , eating what my abuela cooked for the day , the smell of maltodextrin and ethoxyquin in the air ... 
  i 'm already preparing a folder for all my shitposting material . 
  it 's jeb !, 
  's and columba 's secret for guacamole . 
  i 'm subbed to both , though i do n't have anything against sanders and his suppporters , i just dislike the spam on reddit , otoh i think trump is a genuinely bad person without a single redeeming quality and his followers are human garbage . 
  so he 's going to emigrate to countries that are far mor leftist and have fewer gun rights than the us ? 
  genius !, 
  also , what makes this moron think that he just waltz into any country he likes ? 
  is this why conservatives complain so much about illegals ? 
  because they think that migrating to a country legally is as easy as getting a driver 's license ? 
  it 's the centennial ( centenario ) of the first copa am\u00e9rica so conmebol and concacaf decided to have a special copa am\u00e9rica in the us to celebrate it ( and get fucking rich ) . 
   we chose instead to make a mockery of both the system we oppose and the ideal we 've never had , by embodying such a level of hypocrisy and one-sidedness that people have come not only to accept our antics , but to cheer us on and beg for more . 
  i was only pretending !, 
  add in panama too , which got its independence at the end of the 19th century, 
  me me me me give me attention !, 
  why are people paying attention to gay people ? 
  i matter too !, 
  dice algo de una `` mexican girl '', 
  he is flair ? 
  lol butthurt, 
  tiny hands write tiny checks , no wonder he could n't keep the pga tour at one of his hotels . 
  sad !, 
  everyone is always calling him to tell him about how ggreat his calls are , but he just disconnects . 
  front\u00f3n or pelota vasca , a sport invented in the basque country in spain, 
  argentina has kicked us out of two world cups and beaten us at one copa am\u00e9rica final . 
  it 's probably the team against which we have the worst record . 
  also argentinians are to latin america what the french are to europe . 
  to be honest the issue here may be more about the location rather than the act of feeding them . 
  what i mean is that maybe they are doing it in a place where it 's annoying to have a buch of people show up rather than it being illegal to feed the poor as if they were some type of fauna . 
  \u00bf es diferente al pastor ? 
  you mean jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico ? 
  or is there also ib\u00e9rico bacon ? 
   his parents were n't citizens when he was born . 
  is n't the term `` anchor baby '' used to refer to the children of illegal immigrants not the children of legal immigrants ? 
  trump 's father was the child of german immigrants . 
  i 'm mexican and you ca n't watch the news here without there being at least one newspiece shitting on trump , i 'm getting sick of it tbh . 
  or maybe you would be pissed at the absurd immigration process that does not take into account skills or suitability but instead gives preference to family links . 
  does n't australia have a points system ? 
  i know canada does . 
  moreover , does australia have a cap on the number of work permits that can be issued ? 
  ah\u00ed no creo que sea dif\u00edcil encontrar gente que fume mota . 
  mami also means mommy in spanish , but it 's a term of endearment for women in general, 
  jirafales did not die for this !, 
  maybe osorio can go back to his true destiny in life : being a mild mannered low level bank employee . 
  nah , this is definitely a humilliation for mexico , but brazil 's 7-1 is something people will be talking about a century from now . 
  7-1 was like the maracanazo . 
  as a non-american , can someone explain this joke to me ? 
  s/he 's a generous god . 
  i dunno about the smart part , a complete lack of morals and shame can take you pretty far regardless of intelligence . 
  does he actually make millions ? 
  anyway , i 'm not calling him dumb , just not especially smart . 
   o incluso maestros del sector privado o universidades, 
  tbh i think that the sortf of people who support trump are the exact sort of people that fall for dumb scams like pyramid schemes or bitcoin . 
  by itself it 's not , `` investing '' in bitcoin is for retards . 
  perhaps that 's why he 's so passionate about tortilla making . 
  is sanders running on an `` i 'm fucking rich so vote for me you retards '' platform like trump is doing ? 
  i truly feel sorry for non-mexicans who will never know the joys of having an abuelita . 
  huh ? 
  you can get nachos everywhere in mexico rather easily , they 're just not the sort of thing you order at a restaurant . 
  depends on what he means by `` ca n't '' . 
  a catalonian oficial could declare independence tomorrow , but they would n't be recognised by anyone . 
  many countries ban homosexuals from donating blood , presumably due to aids , but does that rule actually save more lives than the ones that would have been saved if homosexuals were allowed to donate ? 
  or is that rule in place due to homophobia ? 
  i just want to spam pootis spencer into my enemies . 
  i 'm interested in playing in a team , however i 'm kind of noobish ( 370 hours on tf2 ) and i have n't got experience outside of the reddit servers and pubs , that 's good enough ? 
  this is one of the core arguments stemming from the anti-drug legalization camp , however , is this based on hard , empirical evidence ? 
  i already tried looking for some on my own , but they simply seemed to find a correlation between marijuana use and `` hard '' drug use , causation was ** edit : not ** determined . 
  i 'm wondering if with the whole verification process someone has actually gotten away with making a fake ama that is also popular . 
  so here are the questions :, 
  well , why do that ? 
  how did you gather information for the ama ? 
  have you done it other times ? 
  are you a compulsive liar ? 
  are you particularly intelligent ? 
  this ama should be quite easy to prove , just edit the original post in the ama and link us to it . 
  inspired by [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/r1nd2/40_degrees_fahrenheit_hot_springs/ ) , i remembered hearing about this many times when growing up , but i 've never heard it from a reputable source . 
  :400 bc] seriously , what a cunt, 
  i see this all the time in discussions about aesthetics and sexuality , but i 've never seen it confirmed . 
  i ca n't define the era as the claim is never concrete on when `` in the past '' is . 
  mine is when he cured aids, 
  internet social networks already existed before facebook , so why is zuckerberg considered special/innovative ? 
  i keep hearing internet misanthropes decrying overpopulation , and sometimes arguing for eugenic solutions to that , but is the view that our world is overpopulated by humans based on reality ? 
  whenever there 's a discussion on legalization of prostitution one of the arguments made for keeping it illegal is that we should protect women ( and men ) from being forced into prostitution , are there historical , empirical examples of such policies actually being effective in reducing sexual trafficking ? 
  or is this more of an emotional argument ? 
  alone, 
  i keep reading on the internet about how all marriages either end up in some sort of a sexless emasculating purgatory or in a divorce where your cheating wife takes away half of your shit and you have to pay alimony for life , and quite frankly it makes me paranoid , i want to get married and have kids one day , but i keep seeing all these negative messages about marriage and i have no idea what to think . 
  people of reddit : are long happy marriages the rule or the exception ? 
  so i own a few pairs of ill-fitting pants that range from a little loose to enormous ( i lost some weight ) , if i can get someone to tailor them cheaply , would it make sense to do so ? 
  or would i be better served buying new pants in the correct size and cut ? 
  bonus question : i own a cashmere v-neck sweater that has holes in the elbows , is there a way to repair it without it looking like shit or should i just donate it ( or throw to the trash ) ? 
  i see items having this bit of text `` level 20 badge '' what the hell does it mean ? 
  i 've heard several times that hitler was a great political and military mastermind , however , at the same time his ideas seemed not only heinous , but downright mentally ill , and i 've heard that his military choices were pretty poor ( the whole barbarossa campaign for instance ) . 
  [ inspired by this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/urgv3/hide_and_seek_from_a_toddlers_point_of_view/c4xzklc ) , i 'm wondering , does the way we , as a society , react towards certain events influence how traumatic they are for people ? 
  for example , in ancient greece , sexual relationships between young boys ( ephebes ) and adults were socially acceptable , would a boy in those times be less traumatized than a boy nowadays ? 
  i want to get a racing game that has both rally racing and track racing ( like gran turismo ) any recommendations ?
