  the thing is , us germans do n't really want to lead . 
  for historical reasons , we 've long been suspicious of strong leaders , maybe merkel 's success is based on being considered `` mostly harmless '' by our people . 
  the situation that many eu members are calling for a stronger german leadership is quite weird to us , i think everyone here would be happy if some other nation just stepped up and said something like `` it 's ok , angela , relax , we 'll take it from here . . '', 
  look at the image . 
  it 's not an austrian flag , just two polish flags glued together . 
  uh ... was n't the eurofighter supposed to replace the tornado ? 
  ok , so i googled ` life in finland ' , this is one of the first images : http://www.terminalverbosity.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/1962585_10152254624693469_1410410709_n.jpg maybe we should google-bomb our own countries so that shittier images come up ... 
  . . maybe re-introducing the fez could help make turkey great again ? 
  yeah . . that was pretty much the point i was trying to make here . 
  we take all the different parties from this conflict , pack them tightly together here and expect them to get along well ... that 's just crazy . 
  i used to live in ludwigshafen , just on the other side of the rhine . 
  mannheim has some really lovely spots , but unfortunately , it might take some time to discover them ( took me about a year ) . 
  ludwigshafen on the other side is arguably one of the ugliest cities in all of germany . 
  so yeah , heidelberg sounds like a good choice . 
  another thing that is rarely considered is the fact that syria is a convoluted clusterfuck of a civil war with many different parties . 
  not all of them are fleeing isis . . some of them , yes , others are fleeing from assad , the pkk , peshmerga , allied airstrikes etc. 
  and now we place them all together tightly in confined shelters and expect all those people to suddenly get along ? 
  fighting isis and starbucks at the same time takes indeed balls of steel . 
  god bless you , france , and good luck !, 
  only if japan attacks us first ... 
  and how are the odds currently ? 
  fn still ridiculously strong ? 
  when will this election be ? 
  please tell me that it 's not in 2016 ... 
  actually , i 'm much more impressed by the article that was linked in the text , where syrian refugees in germany complain that our mosques were far too conservative compared with syria : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-mosques-insig-iduskcn12s0he was this article even shared here on reddit ? 
  the reason germany is n't providing the gas things is that it 's become a bit of clich\u00e9 already and this time we 'd really like someone else to do it . 
  fun fact about `` sauerbraten '' : it used to be poor man 's food in the rhineland , originally made out of horse meat . 
  the reason you marinate it so long is that horse meat is apparently rather chewy , so it was more of a necessity to make it edible . 
  nowadays it 's made with beef , since horse meat has come out of fashion ( well , there was that lasagna incident a while back ... ), 
   that 's why you do n't many germans today speaking on the issue , as they have zero morale ground to speak on the issue . 
  it 's pretty common knowledge here that the war against russia was conceived as an `` ethnic war '' all along with genocide being an integral part of the military strategy . 
  only the most irredeemable holocaust deniers would ever deny the atrocities commited by the germans during that campaign . 
  he 's like a dog . 
  testing his boundaries everywhere , and once he his confronted with strength an conviction he can respect that . 
  if some weak pussies try to constantly appease him , he has found his new bullying victim and will paint them as the big enemy of turkey . 
  i 'm not at all convinced his quote `` i have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat '' is appropriate to be featured on their legal currency . 
  i mean , yes , that whole brexit thing was kind of stupid , but this is cranking up the doom & gloom to eleven ... 
   it 's also ironic how you bring up these `` pesky intellectuals '' who `` always question you '' when it is partly their failure to do so that brought europe to where it is today . 
  i guess the term `` intellectual '' and `` educated '' should only be reserved to those that agree with your opinion , and those of mainstream politicians ? 
  just as a party is only democratic when it agrees with your worldview , otherwise it is a product of this evil thing called populism ? 
  you can run a political campaign focused on reason and you can run one focused on emotions - usually it 's a mix of those two , where `` reason '' contains facts , strategies and explaining the voters why they would benefit from your party 's plans . 
  if you aim your campaign towards emotions , you do so by belittling your opponents , invoking fear or patriotism . 
  what is now new is that we had successful campaigns focused ** entirely ** on emotions , basically fact-free and demonizing your opponents in an unprecedented way . 
  an uk mp was shot dead several months ago , and just a few days back some guy from trump 's staff called for hillary clinton to be shot . 
  you do n't have to agree with cox or clinton ( i do n't either ) , but if you do n't think that there is something going horribly wrong here than probably nothing can convince you . 
  both true and sad . 
  unfortunately , in the last few years , politicians here have rediscovered the power of the angry mob . 
  screw those educated citizens and pesky intellectuals that always question you . 
  the angry mob is loyal and much easier to control ... 
  in that regard erdogan was probably pretty european , just more successful than people like wilders or lepen for now ... 
  there 's still one important difference between germany 1933 and turkey 2016 : despite their lost war , germany was recovering from its crisis and going back to become a major industrial power before hitler seized the power . 
  even though many of the persecuted jews were well educated or intellectuals , the nazis were generally pro science and pro industry , which allowed for amazing technological advances ( mostly in weapon systems ) . 
  erdogan 's purges however will most likely drive the educated people out of his country and thus create a self inflicted , massive brain drain . 
  he 's basically cleansing his country back to the middle ages and into irrelevancy . 
   thing is turkish law does not allow death penalty for crimes that happened before the law was introduced . 
  i believe your glorious leader is long past the point where he gave a shit about the law . 
  i think that 's what the gdr did with their vietnamese workers . 
  some weird idea : what if this first coup was planned to fail all along ? 
  the military knew that most of the people would n't back them , so they arranged that failed little coup , wait until erdogan 's inevitable purges piss of the majority of the country and then stage the real coup , where they will be hailed as liberators ? 
  yeah , and got rid of him when he was democratically voted out in a fair election ... / s, 
  i 've been trying hard to find out how many judges there are in total in turkey , but all i found was an article that akp already ousted about 700 of them last year . 
  so , with now about 3400 judges removed , could anyone provide me with a rough estimate how many judges now are left ? 
  yeah . 
  i ca n't believe that i actually spend the last 10 minutes thinking about how a homocracy as a government form would actually look like ... ( fabulous , i assume ), 
   they just kept repeating it , probably with the idea that if you keep repeating something it becomes the truth . 
  sadly , it looks like they 're right about that part . 
  it only becomes truth if you repeat things in allcaps . 
  france versus germany ? 
  sounds cool - and to honour the anniversary of that battle of the somme we should have some special rules : the playing field should consist of a maze of trenches and barbed wire . 
  holy crap . . the beginning of his speech is eerily similar to hitler 's speech after anschlussing austria , it starts quite similar with `` they told me it could n't be done , the all laughed at me , so who is laughing now ? 
  i wonder if this was an intentional reference by mr. farage ... 
  with nationalistic populist movements on the rise everywhere in europe this just had to happen somewhere eventually . 
  i 'm just shocked that it 's the uk ... i was so hoping for austria to be the first one to try to make an exit :(, 
  salt is food . 
  it 's ramadan . 
  it 's a haram-bomb . 
   how would a blood test even work true turks have [ crescents in their blood ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sickle-cell_disease#/media/file:1911_sickle_cells.jpg ), 
   the german government , however , was quick to deny the story . 
  `` there are no grounds to doubt the further implementation of the current deal , '' said a spokesman for interior minister thomas de maizi\u00e8re . 
  so in other words , they have no plan b. 
  they watch the latest developments in turkey and do n't find them even the least disconcerting . 
  our government is apparently back to `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  crap , i even have a plan b when i go to the grocery , in case it 's closed . 
  can anyone please tell me why i 'm still paying taxes to keep those retards in office ? 
  on a related note , i read ( i think it was in [ christopher browning 's `` ordinary men '' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/ordinary-men-reserve-battalion-solution/dp/0060995068 ) ) how the nazi soldiers reacted when first encountering those jewish communities during their invasion of poland . 
  like , those polish jews actually looked exactly like those caricatures which the propaganda had fed them for years , while german jews mostly looked and dressed like regular germans . 
  many soldiers were flabbergasted that those people actually existed - and believed that this means that probably everything else the propaganda had told them about the jews had to be true just as well . 
  it was then that their leadership was seriously developing plans that lead to the genocide a.k.a. 
  winning in * both * categories , as best * and * worst - that 's some glorious , trump-level of winning . 
  we 're winning so much , we 're getting tired of winning !, 
  still waiting for a mexican one ... 
  yeah , sometimes it 's just awfully nice that most of these older houses still have the flagpoles from days long past ... * cough *, 
  wtf luxembourg and belgium ? 
  why do those two get such high net contributions ? 
  i think for donald trump it 's his business background . 
  he probably does n't understand the concept of alliances and sees no benefit in it . 
  to him , every other nation is just a competitor , and competition needs to be crushed . 
  nope . 
  the last time they were aiming for a common goal they were building the international space station . 
  it will probably drop from orbit and crash into berlin , though .
