  matters . 
  the cdu/csu always said you can not trust turkey in social and humanitarian matters and therefore was never in favour of a acession . 
  a big `` i told you so '' , but the conservativs do n't matter to much here , the centre and even some left leaning voters are the target . 
  it fits perfectly with the narrativ of merkel as our `` mother '' - the cdu/csu want to show that like parents in the end they are way more right then wrong and want to isolate the greens ( and the linke in terms of russia btw ) . 
  this way they can divide the centre/left and the left in a smoth and uncomplicated way . 
  as long as the fdp is not the in the bundestag they need at least one party to form a coalition with or being that big to govern alone . 
  for both options a devided left is absolutely essential and as long die linke is against the nato ( with the background we have today ) that wo n't happen , but it does not damage your brand , if you can make little fires below the other two parties so you might get internal fights ( esp the greens here ) . 
  so in the final picture the cdu/csu wants to draw they are the ones that were right all along and united , while the left ( could ) look like a bunch of wranglers that fight against each other . 
  this would certainly have a influence on the moderate voters , even on the centre left side who could just stay at home and not vote . 
  i remeber you , 
  what ? 
  it happens all the time . 
  2 post above the norway poster already gave one and yes , most likely uli hoene\u00df will go to prison . 
  great video :d, 
  you might want to clarify that in your original comment . 
  before i saw your answer here i thought germany would have rated in the top 15 most corrupted countries and googled for statistics that say that and their methology . 
  is this picture real or photoshped ? 
  what is the real source ? 
  if this would be the usa you would be 100 % correct , but germans have a huge average propensity to save their earnings ( allthough it goes down ) and that does not help in any way . 
  should the `` sparquote '' go up with a higher mimum wage , nothing happens ( well through inflation some worth would be lost ) . 
  ... `` increase imports '' ... germany already has the 3th biggest imports world wide . 
  it almost doubles the uk ( # 4 ) or france ( # 5 ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_imports http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports just let it melt in your mouth , you think that we should import more ... you realise , that there actually have to be products that germans want outside of germany that we are n't already buying !, 
  you basically try to raise the minimum wage/extend the social net so your products get more expensive -  theoretically less exports . 
  however the problem could be the products which are the motor of germanys export and the way they are marketed ( expensiv products like medicaments , cars and industrial machines ) , so it is a bit doubtful if we could actually reduce the surplus to the extend we like . 
  now other countries ( like nl for example ) have a ( relativ to their economy huge ) surplus as well and i guess they will try to minimize it over the next years . 
  i know very well . 
  i know very very well . 
  you understand it the way you want to . 
  he basically said , that if germany and france do n't do what he wants them to do others will take their place and or already took it . 
  if the case was real , both countries could have been convinced , but instead the us chose another path - with the results we see today . 
  your last paragraph clearly shows what sort of man you are . 
  a good day to you , sir . 
  it is not the phrase itself , it is the worldview that is behind it . 
  you see , there is a great quote from fridrich nietzsche , it basically says this : `` a politician divides mankind into two classes : tools and enemies . '', 
  this is part of the world view that manifested itself in the form of rumsfelds quote . 
  nations/people do n't like to be used and that is what the us does on a daily bases nowadays . 
  if there is a emergency situation ( like lets say during the cold war ) noone would care , but we are not at war despite what the us says . 
  consequently the us is losing the moral highground further and further ... edit : a word, 
  look , you have to see this in context . 
  this is the chancellor , that said no to the iraq war . 
  back then there was very open let us say `` defiance '' against that course from the us gov , leading to rumsfelds ( in germany frm many people to this day not forgotten ) term `` old europe '' . 
  this whole idea of a europe that would submit to ( any ) us policy shows imho very much what this is about and will be in the future . 
  the talks about a stronger ( military ) involvement of germany in africa is a indirect consequence of this affair . 
  you see just today i can read a new article about victoria nuland who basically says `` fuck the eu '' and pushs for arseni jatsenjuk instead of klitschko , basically the guy for the germans in this situation . 
  now , i know this most likely said `` torpedo '' from the russians , but your gov just makes it insanely easy to dislike your diplomatic approaches . 
  yes it is afaik . 
  also remember heisenberg was a german scientist , therefore walter white would fit even better . 
  that is not entirely correct . 
  1 . there is no comprehensive minimum wage , but there will be one in 3 years ( 8.50 $ / h ) . 
  2 . true 3 . 
  that is not important here . 
  i am sure that most romanians look at it like you say , but it is about the people who do n't . 
  while i think immigration is the only way to advance the german economy , you have to try to keep those cases to a minimum . 
  else some parts of the society would lose the trust in their politicians which would erode the wole idea of a democratic society . 
  well , which countries ? 
  i guess france maybe ? 
  but most of the other countries do n't care to much about those things in my expercience . 
  inferior to whom ? 
  to gb ? 
  [ the country that basically pretends germany and england would have a football rivalry ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england%e2%80%93germany_football_rivalry ) and i want to add , that there is no german site for it because we realy do n't care that much ? 
  and why is that if i may ask ? 
  why does britain feel any need to have a say in the foreign policys of a organisation it does n't realy like ? 
  i am not sure who is `` more important '' , especially becouse i fail to see how this is a important issue , becouse i feel that both countrys if they would lone something would have to much power ( speaking realtiv to the super powers ), 
  well , when the dutch says the germans won , it is most likely right  . 
  on a serious note , 3:2 is the result the german leutnant niemann says , but noone knows if that is accurate , nor will anyone ever be able to proof that . 
  actually you are way of the base . 
  she lost over 10 % popularity since this spring ( 77 -  67 ) . 
  this shows quite honestly that you have no idea what you are talking about and did not even bother to check the facts . 
  the 62 % here are some of the lowest numbers she had in at least 5 years . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sldprbfihsg phoenix though, 
  if it was on ard or zdf the mediathek should have it . 
  obiviously you are joking but i would like to point out that he hated stalinism , marxism and communism with a deep convinzione , but that does not mean that he was against certain parts of a planned economy or that his party/the german people were . 
  a direct quite from one of his speeches for example is : `` perhaps some of you are unable to forgive me , because i eradicate the marxistic partys ... 
  but my friend i eradicated the others as well ! '', 
  combine that with the nationalisation of certain industries and it should be easy to answer why some people like the shemata of a horseshoe to explain politics . 
  this is a video of the speech : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p84tn0z4jqm, 
  so whats the name of that politician ? 
  or is it every german politician ? 
  makes not much sense to me but if that is a silent convention not to use the population of another country i would applaude that . 
  however you have to agree that this is at least dog whistling . 
  subconsciously it will be very hard not to equate germany with nazis if we look at cartoons like that . 
  i cant find another source for it , however if you talk about godwins law , what would you say [ this is exactly ? 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/fotostrecke/griechenland-hass-auf-die-deutschen-fotostrecke-78395-4.html ) and what is with the women that campaigned for `` yes '' and got intimidated by people for being a `` german henchmen '' ? 
  edit : also nice double excuse a. ), 
  it is not true and b. ), 
  that is totally normal bc anarchists attack anyone with a camera . 
  i think we can both agree that it is at least plausible . 
  are you sure ? 
  i am pretty sure that i saw several german nazis playing the greece yes voters . 
  is that not directly saying that the germans are nazis and therefore stereotyping ? 
  young and professional, 
  because experts like hans-werner sinn already argue that the primary surplus that greece has was already made better than they are as they did not use the normal way to calculate a primary deficit/surplus . 
  that would be the current income from taxes , and excludes interest paid on government debt and with that greece would not have had a surplus in the last 3 years . 
  you may have heard that greece had a surplus in 2013 of 0,8 % , however if you use the normal maastricht formula it is a deficit of over 12 % . 
  as you can see people try to `` calculate themselves rich '' or in this case more sucessful than they actually are which also means that several experts want a higher number so there is an actual progress . 
  edit : here you get it from mr. v. himself http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/24/greek-statistics-are-back-primary-deficit-presented-as-surplus-with-eurostats-seal-of-approval/, 
  i said no such thing , but you said talked about debt forgivness and i pointed out that the usa still made a lot of money . 
  oh your snarky answer is strange but i already expected it a bit .
