  if i cba i would link to an answer i gave before where you could see that i am not against helping greece . 
  however i do n't build castles in spain and i aknowledge that most of the european union does not want go this way . 
  it is if you do n't achieve anything by trying to stand for an ( almost ) lost cause , but then again that would require to think outside of the box and understand the political situation the eu is in . 
  you also might have forgotten that the us got a huge amount outside of money from the deal . 
  not only talking about brands ( like fanta ) and patents , but also people like wernher von braun who effectively made you fly to the moon with his visionary plans and organising skills . 
  not only that , for over half a century w. germany was the primary battlefield of the old war as a strike on the soviet union would have devastated germany as well as it would have been the firs target for their revenge plans . 
  but let us just leave that aside and talk about the fact that the usa would have made us fight against our own german brothers and sisters in the gdr , it was a logical and in the end selfish decision . 
  germany could have been neutral ( something the soviets wanted btw . 
  ) , so as a general idea i would argue that by cementing its own status as a superpower it did help germany for its own reasons . 
  germany has no such plans and dislikes being singled out in the eu , which a policy as you would want it would bring in an instant . 
  germany is by no means the most vivid opposition to greece and everyone who does not understand that should maybe inform themselves first . 
  they had a surplas under the last government with very optimistic prognoses . 
  only a few actually think they can sustain it without actual very hard reforms . 
  i think this could very well be a huge difference between german culture and others . 
  the way kohl handled the whole affair was beneath contempt and that could be a reason why some germans like me and you do n't look at him as a good politician . 
  it also could be a pretty harsh case of `` a prophet is not without honor save in his own country '' ... 
  i disagree big time on this , the only positive thing i heard that was said about him was in connection to his rather bad health . 
  there wo n't be much positive things lasting for him either , no statues and that special stamp he got is also not that popular afaik . 
  i very much doubt that there will be an equivalent to the willy-brandt-haus or anything like it . 
  obviously we only can judge merkel in retrospect , but at least from my perspective she will get way more praise than her former mentor . 
  the best thing is that he thinks helmut kohl will be looked favourably upon in german history books . 
  the man has clearly no idea . 
  if we are trying to be very correct i would say `` financially right '' , but r/europe is in no way conservative in the classical sense . 
  especially not socially . 
  and in a democracy the majority says whats up . 
  last time i checked your own country did not side with greece on this matter either . 
  that does not in any way pardon it . 
  not their fault though . 
  also i very much doubt that any left party survives giving greece money at this point . 
  at least not in finland , italy or any other country that is in the eurozone . 
  it is sad that you only try to talk about the less important things in my answer though . 
  so , look at the most upvoted posts here . 
  many ... maybe even most of the members of this sub - which is centre and on some topics centre left leaning - just does not want to pay for greece . 
  if greece wants a transferunion certain things have to be accomplished . 
  look at germany for an example , we have the `` l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich '' and people are getting pretty riled up on those monetary currents , but at least you can try to say it is warranted as berlin is some kind of display window for germany and as such needs tons of money to get by - not even talking about the solidarity you naturally have with your own country men . 
  now if i could see what greece would invest ( as their infrastructure is already way better than most other ) , you could maybe tell others that it would be wise to get greece the money they need and forgive parts of their debt , especially looking at it from a solidarity point of view , but honestly how can you declare your solidarity with people who burn your flag , who try to make you look bad by comparing them to - literally - nazis and many people who were patient for a long time just snapped at one point and wished them good riddance . 
  and on another note , even with a united europe the voting most likely would be very conservative looking at the european parliament . 
  the same as with bush i and bush ii in the us you have to understand that so called right-wing conservativ could be voted into office in no time . 
  that is actually a very good question . 
  i would not say that `` most '' would be an accurate statement to make , however `` by a big part of the german population '' could be more correct . 
  i do n't have any numbers in front of me , so i can not say anything with absolute certainty , but you can hear this kind of viewpoint in your every day life . 
  i would even argue that this goes way back and is one of the reasons why things like `` schadenfreude '' are a thing in germany , however it seems to me personally that in said generations it became way more distinct . 
  look at it from a german view point . 
  in the end people will always get what is comming for them - good or bad . 
  taking responsibility for your own or others failures , mistakes or misconducts is something highly valued in german society and if i remember correctly this is even recognized by other nations in some polls about germany . 
  68er are the children of the nazi generation ( born in the 1940s ) , they are called 68er as their antiwar/anticapitalism/antiamericanism protests escalated in the year 68 . 
  it is a catchall phrase like generation x or generation y are . 
  they stand for a new leftism in germany , for a break with the past and contempt for the war generation as well as authority . 
  interesting . 
  many younger and 68er germans would argue that the nazis got what was comming to them . 
  they would argue that in the end the responsibility would still be with the ones that voted them into the reichstag and therefore do n't have any reason to comply . 
  stuff like `` bomber harris do it again '' and so forth do frequently occur . 
  i did not say that you should n't read them , i would argue that there were more important ones that would personify him more like his speech from 8.11.1939 or if we talk about the third reich in general goebbels sportpalastspeech . 
  i think i read/learned and listened to half a dozend speeches of that time period , but i would not say that that in particular would help against a recurrence of the phenomenon that was the nazis . 
  his speeches were pure populism , what actually helps against nazism is the development of a `` streitbare demokratie '' . 
  many nazis were very educated and intelligent . 
  many of them were children of their time and therefore not able to see their error and therefore i think that more education will only help partially . 
  are you especially interested in that time period or was listening to hitler speeches part of your education ? 
  it is fairly fascinating to see how other countries deal with that topic . 
  you heared some of hitlers speeches ? 
  and even more questionable they were less inflammatory ? 
  if it is okay could you answer which ones you listened to ? 
  france has half the population density of germany . 
  italy is almost the same though . 
  so ... is this good ? 
  bad ? 
  like was this something many romanians expected to happen ? 
  it has ( almost ) no racial undertones in german , which is the context this is in . 
  fairly prominent `` apes '' would include people like oliver kahn ( sometimes called silver back ) who ist almost stereotypical german as well . 
  many bananas were thrown at him while he was still actively playing . 
  hopefully they do n't fuck it up . 
  my father was always fond of the leopard 2 and we have the money to develop and produce a good 21 . century tank . 
  true , which is why we are from the same family . 
  we are germanic peoples , but different parts in the family . 
  for example most of the southern germans are not anglo-saxons , but alemanni and franks . 
  while we are `` cousins '' we are not anglo-saxons . 
  appreciate it , iam sure he will feel better tomorrow . 
  at least i hope it . 
  i am on mobile and out drubk partying with my brother who just had a break up , sry for the butchering but i just used the words that i know , as you said it was the wrong word . 
  in german it would be `` steuerr\u00fcckst\u00e4nde '' or sth like that . 
  i do think that a huge bulk of the non payed taxes already got in , afaik . 
  anyway you should stop with the condescending tone , thcorrections are obv . 
  appreciated . 
  that was a one-timer though , because of additional income through tax evasion punishment payments . 
  i think you do n't have a good point . 
  there were several apologies towards soviet russia and to say `` they never really apologized '' is just a bit bizarre . 
  both the brd and the ddr did that . 
  we did apologise to the soviet union for dead soviet soldiers and civilians . 
  multiple times . 
  on the other side you are mixing things up here . 
  russians were the biggest bulk of deaths , but countries like lithuania , belarus or ukraine felt the brute force of the third reich 's power . 
  if we talk about % of dead population those are way higher than russians . 
  something you conveniently left out it seems . 
  are those all from the german/flemish/dutch regions ? 
  if we also unite the national teams , who would we get additionally ? 
  you need feelings or an opinion to show hypocrisy , something merkel mostly lacks . 
  your holiness , you here ? 
  problem is that the conservative government also `` asked '' for it or at least talked about asking for it a couple of times they wanted something from germany . 
  so the `` now we have a new government so stuff changes '' excuse does not convince me . 
  and what is the reason to bring it up now again ?
