  :d i would say it is gullible if you do n't consider governments using it as a leverage . 
  i just translated what debau cited . 
  and that they stopped it is the point i think . 
  if germany would n't give their vote -  judgement will be executed . 
  `` there was a similar link once before : in 2000 , the then socialist government of pasok approved the seizure in the goethe institute , the german school in athens and the german archaeological institute . 
  according to press reports , the minister of justice withdrew his decision back then after germany had a few days later approved the greek euro membership . '', 
  if that counts greece got almost a hundred billion in projects as well - and germany is the country that pays the most ( absolute not per capita ) and the biggest net contributor . 
   l . it is almost impossible to have a currency for so many countries with that much difference in the economy . 
  that is what i disliked . 
  it is not impossible , actually the country that did most to fight poverty in the world ( at least if we talk about actual numbers ) did it . 
  why are repeating talking points that are clearly wrong ? 
  yes the eu has more democracy than china , but it should not be impossible to get everyone together and do this proper . 
  and we are all caucasian . 
  jesus christ , using ethnicity as the way to determine diversity :d, 
  y , i agree which is why i withdrew the us . 
  you think that the difference between a hong kong banker and some chinese farmers that live in cages is the same as west and east germany ? 
  people dislike me bringing in the us , but the core principle what i was hinting at still stands imo . 
  huge discrepancies in a currency union are nothing not as difficult as thisisnotbrucelee thinks it is . 
  they go to war together though and there is a `` patriotism '' . 
  it is difficult to ask for fiscal transfers if you are literally two different nations - and if germany would ask for a actual united states of europe half of the eu would go crazy and talk about germany 's domination . 
  funny , that you only use the us and not china which would show what i ment . 
  also if we use washington as a state bc we use luxembourg for the eurozone it would clearly be wrong what you say . 
  and the us is more diverse than the uk . 
  the differences in the ~ ~ us or ~ ~ china are way bigger than in the eu both culturally and economically . 
  both have one currency . 
  i was not aware that he was so controversial . 
  a power user sure , but thanks for the heads up . 
  i actually felt that there are many people you can argue with on each `` side '' . 
  anyway i hope soon this wont be necessary anymore anyway . 
  why do you say that ? 
  does naurgul not have a good reputation with the greek users ? 
  i did not downvote your last post . 
  there are plenty of people downvoting both of us i am sure . 
  i voted green , freie w\u00e4hler and cdu in my life . 
  greece should get money if we can trust them . 
  a complete debt cut is not wanted by 18/19 member states of the eurozone and therefore is not possible ( while staying in the euro ) . 
  i would prefer loans with interests connected to gdp-growth or other similar key figures plus financial aids against the humanitarian crisis , obv . 
  the first connected to certain reforms and privatisations . 
  i do n't care if they want to get the money for the interests by austerity or improving their tax system and the fighting of corruption . 
  that is their choice to make . 
  the worst case scenario is an elemental part of every discussion . 
  not considering it is imo almost gullible and does not lead to anything . 
  sch\u00e4uble has nothing - i repeat - nothing to do with the way varoufakis handles his tv appearances . 
  if i say that varoufakis is lying/or not remembering and speaking untruthfully , it has 0 implications with sch\u00e4uble . 
  this is nothing but a diversion and you are just `` fighting '' the right right course instead of actually talking about the discussion at hand . 
  i assume `` the worst '' because that is how you do things in life . 
  i might be a pessimist , but trying to insult me by arguing i would be partisan is just crazy . 
  why are we even talking about sch\u00e4uble . 
  the only thing you show is that you like to do whataboutism , it has 0 implications for this discussion . 
  i wo n't continue this discussion . 
  you can believe what you want , but if you think i am trolling , you might want to think about your ability to judge people . 
  it is clearly lacking imo . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think you just want to believe him and make apologies for him , although he still believes that it is faked . 
  he is so convinced of himself that he defies reality - if the faked fake is indeed the truth . 
  you might not remember the times , but schr\u00f6der and fisher win in 1998 was quite shaky , especially considering the huge problems between schr\u00f6der and lafontaine were well known and when they had huge problems to get elected again in 2002 . 
  the spendenaff\u00e4re helped tremendously . 
  i think you are just `` not getting it '' . 
  some people value certain characteristics and lying like he is doing now is an absolute no go for many . 
  if he did n't remember it 100 % , it would be almost as bad , maybe even worse to just try his luck and double down the way he did . 
  your argument does not convince me , it makes it maybe worse . 
  luckily the cdu and he himself paid for that dearly . 
  maybe - just maybe - it should trouble you that he can lie to an audience with such a resolution . 
  believing people and having a project like the eurozone needs giant amounts of trust and yes , such a move like he did destroys that trust . 
  this should not anger you , it is just an assessment of the situation . 
  if he would be a capable politician he would n't even be in any trouble . 
  talking about yellow press journalism when he clearly fell for it is melodramatic , what this thing shows is his character as much as theirs . 
  the important thing is not that they distracted it is that varoufakis - if the zdf-neo video is a faked fake - lied to the audience . 
  it was like 3 minutes of the hour long talk not even talking about it is worse . 
  i too have to say this a huge thing . 
  mea culpa - i thought it was real , but then again i am not a expert . 
  there is a difference between whataboutism and real hypocrisy , it is sad that it seems people do n't see the difference anymore, 
  so , do n't you guys have to pay half of asia a ton as well ? 
  i mean looking at the opium wars or the india debacle i am sure gb will be happy to pay as well . 
  if he did not remember it , why did he double down on it today ? 
  i mean we can go out of our way to to make up apologies for him , but i just do n't think this is important . 
  not that he showed the finger is important , but his completely wrong reaction . 
  if you first reaction to such a video is to lie to the audience that is stupid . 
  if you double down on it , i would argue he is not fit to be a representant in the first place . 
  okay even if that is true he could have said exactly that . 
  `` i do not remember giving the finger and if i did , it was an outburst of emotion or a rhetorical figure . 
  we all grow older and evolve from our old positions and we should focus on the problems at hand and not talk about something stupid i might have done two years ago . '', 
  or something like that and everything would have been fine . 
  this way he is just straight up lying . 
  so why is he denying exactly that ? 
  he said - and i quote countvontroll quoting him :  that video was doctored !, 
  i never gave the finger . 
  i 've never given the finger ever . 
  this was doctored , and i feel ashamed that i am part of a program which shows a video , i 'm sure you did n't know that , but let me assure you that i never pointed the finger . 
  it was a doctored video . 
  it is exactly the same way , there is another video doing the rounds in greece , where supposedly i am giving my hand to mr. dijsselbloem , and i am pulling it back . 
  [ ... ]  that was footage from that conference , but that , the finger , was doctored !, 
  i can assure you . 
  i can prove this beyond reasonable doubt , and i wish that you could simply take it away . 
  it never happened . 
  well hindsight is 20/20 . 
  it does not matter what he should have done , it is what he did that is controversial and quite frankly stupid and if he continues that behaviour it shows his character . 
  that is a great thing to say . 
  next time i meet a police officer i am telling him that the finger was just a rhetorical gesture as well :d . his denial may be stupid , but it is a fact and he doubled down on it that makes it worse . 
  either it is actually faked or he is just thinking that people are stupid and just give him a pass .
