might be sfw , but i 'm not sure if it 's sfl ... 
  while i greatly appreciate the help and support that europe receives though nato , it still mostly feels like big brother usa protecting his children . 
  in my opinion , we should create an european defense force which would be treated equal to the us , instead of subordinate . 
  nato should most definitely stay , it just should n't belittle us so much . 
  in the netherlands you 're mostly seen as yet another eastern european immigrant worker , although most people mainly associate polish and bulgarian people with that stereotype . 
  there 's nothing special about romanians specifically , as far as i know . 
  i believe it 's supposed to represent burgundy , but i 'm not sure . 
  what ? 
  if you 're talking about huurtoeslag , which i would assume is what is referred to when talking about housing benefits , it 's available for people over 18 , not 23 , and not only in social housing . 
  in countries like germany and the netherlands , prior to 2002 you did n't even have bachelor/master structure , you could only get a master ( which was n't called a master but was considered equal ) . 
  then these programmes were split in two , with a bachelor after 3 years ( dutch education used to have an examination here already , but nobody ever stopped after this because it was n't a full degree in the slightest ) and a master after another one or two years . 
  some people went on to get a phd , but in general a normal university degree went up to master . 
  when the new reforms were put in place , this practice did n't change and 98 % of bachelors continued with a master . 
  note : there are two types of education here that americans and canadians would both consider university : research universities ( which is what i mean when i say university ) and universities of applied science ( which are called hogeschool in dutch and are much more focused on the how instead of the why ) . 
  universities of applied sciences take 4 years to get a bachelor and are seen as full degrees . 
  it is possible to continue with a master , but it is very , very rare and there are very few masters offered at that level . 
  tl ; dr : research uni 's used to go up to master , which is why bachelors are only seen as an intermediate phase there . 
  universities of applied sciences , where the full degree was turned into a bachelor , do n't have this ` restriction ' , but their bachelor takes as long as some bachelor + master combo 's at research universities . 
  except that the name for ourselves in dutch is nederland , which is singular . 
  it 's just that everyone else decided to use plural  :(, 
  i went to berlin , rome and greece and some people also went on exchange to the us , russia , sweden or spain , if you were selected . 
  everyone goes to paris/berlin and rome and therefore they are mostly paid for by the school , while exchange and greece cost more . 
  oh , and every five years the entire school except the last year goes to disneyland paris ( the school takes 6 years ) as to celebrate that the school is 125/135/135 ... years old . 
  even within alde it differs quite a lot , the two dutch alde parties already look at it differently . 
  d66 ( with sophie van ' t veld as most visible mep ) is the most pro-eu party here and definitely supports further integration , if not federalisation , while the vvd ( rutte 's party ) also supports the eu but from a much more trade/utility character as they are the conservative liberals after all . 
  of course , it has a lot of those people as well as it is still very much a ` green ' university which is attractive for those people ( including me , although i ended up in utrecht instead ), 
  i wouldnt say that all of wageningen is extreme left , tbh . 
  they most certainly have their fair share of those but it 's also still a university with a lot of conservative christian students from the countryside , it previously being an agricultural university and still being in the biblebelt and all . 
  their university council even has a christian students ' fraction ... 
  nah , do n't think a lot of people even know what their provincial flag looks like ; i quite like flags and i struggle to identify them all . 
  i grew up in an area that 's kinda in the middle of four provinces though and nobody is really attached to their particular province . 
  the only place where i feel they 're well known is friesland/frisia , they are very proud of their own identity and speaking a separate language and stuff and with that comes love of their flag . 
  limburg , brabant and groningen might also feel more attached to theirs , but still not really . 
  one in the communal kitchen and one in the communal shower area . 
  for the netherlands , it was increasing numbers of ` comazuipers ' , kids that drink until they 're in a coma and increasing research to show that alcohol does really impact your brain development and such . 
  also , remember that very often , drinking begins not at drinking age but a few years before . 
  raising the limit might not have done much to deter 16 and 17 year olds ' from drinking , but it did help 14 and 15 yo kids . 
  the us has had no influence on the raise whatsoever . 
  tolls are very , very rare here in the netherlands . 
  sky radio was already paying christmas music on the first of november , i 'm afraid ... 
  you 're an all star, 
  whatsapp is insanely popular here in the netherlands . 
  yes , i take a dutch ( nederlands ) class , where we mostly cover obscure words and rules at first and literature later on . 
  english , french and german are available modern foreign languages , which also cover literature , but less extensively . 
  english does discuss more literature than french or german , because your level of english is supposed to be much higher and the class is compulsory . 
  here in the netherlands , there are no separate literature classes . 
  you do discuss literature , but it 's handled by dutch/english/french / german classes . 
  dutch and english are compulsory , as is one foreign language , and you need to take every subject until 15 . 
  i chose latin as my foreign language , so i did n't have to read anything for that class since it 's basically only translating instead of learning to speak the language . 
  since i dropped french and german , i only had to read a few easy books that the teacher chose for us . 
  the only ones i can remember are le petit nicolas , fette ferien and emma 's gluck . 
  for english class , we also had to read a few easy books . 
  the only one i can remember is the reluctant fundamentalist , but we read like 4 or 5 of them . 
  additionally , you had to hand in a list of books of sufficient literary quality , and some teachers had extra requirements for that list ( like only one book per genre , a certain amount of books from before 1700 , and so on ) . 
  i was lucky , because my teacher barely had any rules and quite liked me , so i could hand in a fairly fantasy/sci-fi heavy list . 
  * george orwell - 1984 * terry pratchett - a colour of magic * douglas adams - the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy * frank herbert - dune * jasper fforde - the eyre affair * aldous huxley - brave new world * thomas more - utopia * lewis caroll - alice in wonderland * patricia wrede - a matter of magic * ari bach - valhalla there 's a lower limit of 6 books , but you can add as many as you like and i had already read most of these anyway , so using more books was n't a big deal . 
  this was all graded by an oral exam about the books of 10-20 minutes . 
  dutch uses the same system , but with harsher requirements for the books . 
  you need some very old books , some books from certain literary movements like naturalism and existentialism and some books that you are free to choose . 
  just like english literature , and like german and french literature , this is graded by an oral exam . 
  something that i should make clear is that there are multiple types of high school here , preparing you for different types of education . 
  this split is made around the age of 12 , and while it is n't final , most people end up finishing level they were enrolled in . 
  these types are : vmbo , vocational education preparing you for various jobs that are very ` hands-on ' . 
  60 % of all dutch highschoolers are enrolled in some form of this education . 
  havo , which prepares you for a university of applied sciences , which is called higher professional education here . 
  those studies prepare you for a certain job and the institutions generally do n't do research . 
  you usually only do a bachelor . 
  vwo , which prepares you for a research university , like the % you 're probably looking at . 
  this is the only level which actually grants access to those universities , so there has been some preselection already . 
  at these universities , you 're basically trained to do research , or at least some way of independent thinking they always like to boast with . 
  99.5 % of the people with a bachelor continue with a master , after which they either enter the job market or go get a phd . 
  so while they do n't look at grades , it 's still only a small percentage of students that heads to university . 
  note that quite some programmes in english are specialised programmes which can occasionally select quite harshly , both on dutch and international students . 
  you should also read [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_in_the_netherlands ) , because it 's probably much clearer than my explanation . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.studyfinder.nl/search?fulltext=business&amp;typeofinstitution=research+university&amp;institution.untouched=&amp;qualification=bachelor&amp;educationtype=&amp;ects=&amp;startdate=2015-11-13&amp;duration=&amp;instructionlanguage=english&amp;callback_url=&amp;rpp=25 ) a link to all studies at research universities in english that mention business somewhere in their name or description and [ here 's ] ( https://www.studyfinder.nl/search?qualification=bachelor&amp;startdate=2015-11-13&amp;typeofinstitution=research+university&amp;page=1&amp;rpp=25 ) a link which just shows all english bachelors at research universities . 
  while i 'm no expert on denmark , here in the netherlands most studies in the humanities and social sciences have no requirements on subjects or grades . 
  science and engineering courses often require you to have followed ( advanced ) math , chemistry , physics and/or biology , but they do n't have any grade requirements either . 
  some courses have a set amount of students they can accept ( numerus fixus ) , which means you 'll have to do some assignments , write a motivational letter and such , based on which students are selected . 
  this is mostly used for medicine , biomedical sciences , psychology , dentistry and some economics and business administration courses . 
  some of them do n't even get enough applications to require any kind of selection . 
  everything else is freely accessible to anyone who has followed the required courses in high school . 
  note that this might be different for foreign students , but considering that you have eu citizenship i think it should be fine . 
  dutch almost always uses tsjechi\u00eb ( czechia ) instead of tsjechische republiek ( czech republic ) anyway , so i would n't be opposed to it . 
  i most certainly believe that the government can adequately protect its people . 
  also , i do not think that every person should have free access to such ` easy ' lethal force . 
  lira works everywhere . 
  some places accept euro , but at terrible rates . 
  in the netherlands , almost every movie is subbed . 
  even if it 's also dubbed , like disney movies , cinemas often show both versions . 
  even my cinema in a 35k town without any significant non-dutch population shows them in both dutch and english . 
  additionally , in the bigger cities there 's often a more arthouse-like cinema with fully english movies , and wherever you 'll end up it 's unlikely you 're more than 1-1 .5 hours away from such a theatre . 
  probably [ airbnb ] ( https://www.airbnb.com/ ) . 
  it obviously depends on where you work , but often jobs involve a lot of english already . 
  your higherups will often be in germany , france or the uk if you work for a multinational , so you 'll have to talk english to them . 
  a teacher would need to talk dutch , obviously , but general high-end office jobs tend to involve english already because you 'll need it to communicate to others and for the projects you work on . 
  dutch is too small of a language and the netherlands is too focused on the whole world to stick to dutch exclusively , so you could get by with just english just fine . 
  not sure about ride sharing , but europe has great bus and train networks . 
  google around a bit for cheap options and you 'll be fine . 
  highly depends on the country . 
  you could get by without speaking dutch fine in the netherlands , for example .
