  i meant `` all [ that ] our media '' and i said * generally . 
  * fox news has 1.7 million total viewers per day in a country of 320 million . 
  breitbart is statistically insignificant . 
  and during the last 8 years fox news and breitbart did nothing but demonize the government and stoke paranoid fears about totalitarianism - the same as most of the media now does , when it 's not demanding the president 's impeachment . 
  there 's no basis for that prejudice . 
  all our media generally talks about is how the world is ending because of donald trump . 
  polls consistently show that americans ( and british ) are more skeptical of government than continental europeans . 
  and she 's right - no one paying attention to the uk right now would honestly say this is n't at least a potential problem . 
   the european union must become stronger in response to a weakening of democracy in the united states , russia and turkey in civics class , we learned that what autocratic rulers do is threaten the people with external enemies in order to justify the expansion of state power . 
  can you guys talk about anything without reference to us ? 
  in english and obviously the m-tads ( modernized target acquisition designation sight ) operating system for the ah-64 apache . 
  the corpse-emperor rots on his throne , and those wise enough to understand this turn to our loving embrace . 
   no , that photo is from 1952 . 
  1952 is 7 years after the germans were forced out of poland . 
   yes it does . 
  no it does n't . 
  see ? 
  i can do that too . 
   who would want to have friendly relationship with the same people who robbed them ? 
  poland ? 
  that was around the same time that germany was invading poland . 
  it does n't explain the grudge persisting into the 21st century . 
  the grudge is caused by the fact that a totalitarian state needs enemies in order to justify its control over the population . 
  the same need is why it 's almost impossible to have a friendly relationship with them . 
  there 's no point in continuing this . 
  we do n't buy oil from saudi arabia , and canada is their second biggest arms supplier . 
  i guess the answer to my question was yes . 
  actually we ca n't continue . 
  that 's as high as it goes . 
  the state ca n't just outlaw wahhabi islam or it will trigger a revolution . 
  unquestionably . 
  it 's a major evolution , equivalent to the invention of guided missiles . 
  it uses no gunpowder and has no warhead . 
  it makes all existing artillery obsolete . 
   is it really ? 
  yes . 
  why do you think our governments are allied in the first place ? 
  do you really think you 're smarter and better informed than all western leaders ? 
  the religious establishment . 
  it 's a power struggle between the state and the church . 
  anyone familiar with european history can understand it . 
  we 're making it because it 's a better gun . 
  the fact that the ammunition is cheaper ( and safer ) is just a nice bonus . 
  nope , the ulema . 
  no , they 're not . 
  that 's under the jurisdiction of the religious police . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_saudi_arabia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_iran, 
  the saudi government is n't in control of its country 's religious establishment . 
  the iranian government is the religious establishment . 
  * it 's european too . 
  bae systems is working on it . 
  edited : not really . 
  france has global power projection , just not as much of it . 
  the uk will shortly . 
  yes , of course i realize that . 
  but germany can still afford some . 
  if uk , france and italy can each afford a blue-water navy , germany can afford a bigger one and it 's ridiculous to say it ca n't . 
  i 'm surprised that an r/europe moderator would use these arguments . 
  you must know better . 
  for the record , our largest aircraft carriers cost $ 14 billion each . 
  if germany increased its military spending to just 3 % gdp , it would have an extra $ 80 billion to spend * annually . 
  * and if it 's willing to incur debt , it can afford a lot of it . 
  and the money would go directly into german or european industries , creating jobs and innovation . 
  it is actually possible for germany to have global power projection capability without that much economic pain . 
  you do n't need to be able to replace us . 
  you just need to be able to defray the security risk to japan . 
  japan needs an ally and as long as there are no other offers , we are that ally . 
  fine , if you think it 's not worth it . 
  but then you wo n't get what you want , because you do n't want to pay the price . 
   which would be kind of ridiculous in the 1980s the uk was spending 5 % of its gdp on its military and with less financial resources than germany has now . 
  it 's not ridiculous - it 's perfectly achievable . 
   even if we had such a military , i have significant doubts that japan would even agree to this . 
  the military alliance wing the us has worked well for decades , why switch ? 
  according to the article , they 're not going along with mutti on an international agreement because they feel our military support is too important . 
  you need to realize that military force is n't just a tool of war - it 's the most vital tool of diplomacy . 
  you do n't have diplomacy without military power . 
  therefore if you want to be able to oppose us diplomatically like merkel wants to , it 's not negotiable - you need more military . 
   you are not seriously comparing the american engagement in the world wars with the `` threat '' of north korea . 
  that 's just ridiculous and ignorant . 
  apparently it 's serious enough to japan . 
  yes , you might have to spend ( gasp ) more than 2 % . 
  you actually can afford it better than we can . 
  we have a deficit . 
  you have a surplus . 
  it 's merkel 's idea to do this , not mine . 
  the problem is that she ca n't accomplish her diplomatic objectives because germany 's military is n't sufficient for the task . 
   additionally , this would go up against the general opinion on military here , both in politics and amongst the population . 
  that has to be the poorest reason of all . 
  you know it very much went against the general opinion of our population to be involved in ww1 or ww2 , and the un , and to be in europe for the last 70 years , being constantly subjected to war and the threat of annihilation for the sake of european democracy , and for that matter , to be in korea and japan for the last 60-70 years . 
  we were dragged us into this mess . 
  this is n't a universe in which we always get what we want . 
   suddenly , though , britain and japan no longer wanted to be part of it . 
  ( ... ) given the tensions with north korea , japanese prime minister shinzo abe could n't put his country 's alliance with the u.s. at risk . 
  in other words : climate policy is great , but when it comes to national interests , it is secondary . 
  gosh , if only germany had a military capable of global power projection , then it could assist japan with those security concerns . 
  but have n't we learned that militaries are stupid and pointless ?? 
  siggy says it 's better to buy non-military stuff and count it as military spending . 
  it 's not necessarily sacrificing climate policy - it 's sacrificing an international agreement about climate policy . 
  well , we disagree . 
  i think such patriotism is a requirement of any large , transcontinental nation .
