  the world just went a little crazy in the last century . 
   half the us population lives in only a few dense areas . 
  without the electoral college large parts of the country wouldnt have their issues represented . 
  you mean they 'd be represented in proportion to their population , which is fair . 
  he said all armies should disarm their nuclear arsenals . 
  corbyn only wants the uk disarmed . 
   so it 's necessary to screw to globe for your own profits , or trying to profit from the humanitarian tragedies ? 
  i 've already explained what i think is necessary and why i think it 's necessary , and you have n't said anything to contradict it . 
  reals before feels . 
  tell me why it 's not necessary if you want to keep arguing about it . 
   and heck , if you can legitimise this and more , i 'm sure that you should be also ok with the uk and the us facing the consequences including the war crime tribunals . 
  why should i ? 
  if that 's what you call people who do what 's necessary , so be it . 
  some people just ca n't cope with reality . 
   if the united states had been through something equally destructive , my guess would is that it would have implemented similar laws . 
  we have a daily pledge of allegiance because one civil war was enough , so you 're probably right . 
   because arming kuwait ( or saudis ) and selling arms to non-western countries is arming the west . 
  yes , that 's actually how it works . 
  arms companies have to sell arms , or they do n't make money . 
  if they do n't make money , then they go out of business and your country ca n't make its own weapons anymore . 
   `` these revelations show that the uk government saw the coming of the first gulf war not as an impending humanitarian catastrophe , but as an opportunity for arms companies to profit from the death and destruction . '' what exactly do they think arms companies should profit from , if not from selling arms ? 
   `` the times may have changed , but the mindset is still the same , '' lo said . 
  `` these revelations show that the uk government saw the coming of the first gulf war not as an impending humanitarian catastrophe , but as an opportunity for arms companies to profit from the death and destruction . '' if your arms companies do n't profit , you do n't have arms companies anymore . 
  and then all your planes , tanks , ships and missiles have to come from some other country . 
  but not on the roads . 
  really - never . 
  roads are for people . 
  i 'm fairly sure the op is being ironic , though , like when i complain about having to use `` these irrational foreign measurements '' ( metric system ) at work . 
  do you think a number like 25 million is some great obstacle to china ? 
  god bless you . 
  i voted for clinton , by the way , but yes this is all obama 's fault , not trump 's , and it 's encouraging to see someone with the fairness to recognize that . 
  well , i 'm sure we are n't planning to invade . 
  but one way or another we do have to finally resolve this war that has lasted 65 years . 
  exactly . 
  just like turkey . 
  we 're not civilized enough , according to you . 
  right and you 'd demand that we evolve the same way , and in other areas . 
   the us was universally loved in europe prior to the bush administration really , the us was loved in serbia during the 1990s ? 
  maybe what you mean is that you were n't aware of politics back then . 
  i think you 're in the minority opinion there . 
  you guys ca n't even accept our food exports . 
  and it 's often said on this sub that european criminals should n't be extradited to the us because of the inhumanity of our justice system . 
  i 'm surprised that you of all people would say this . 
  their prejudice against turkey is the same as their prejudice against the usa . 
  i ave you a link to the cia 's own situation report from the morning of the coup , where they 're speculating on who might be responsible . 
  if you want to close your eyes and plug your ears and pretend that reality is whatever you want it to be , be my guest , but i 'm not going to respect you for it . 
   the researchers also found that a lower rate of turnout -- by just 7 per cent -- would also likely have changed the result to remain ... ... thus making our headline bullshit . 
  * sigh * i 'm only saying that reforms are easier to impose within a union than outside a union . 
  that 's axiomatic . 
  but i give up . 
  that 's irrelevant - what matters is that if they had been allowed to secede , they would have kept slavery . 
  it was because they were * in the union * that it was able to be abolished . 
  and the issues with russia are far less problematic . 
  it 's mostly just political corruption , which would be easier to eliminate under the auspices of eu institutions and once russians have become addicted to the common market . 
  i honestly do n't see your point . 
  it 's none of my business of course , but i wish it could happen immediately without reforms . 
  after all , all of those reforms would be more easy to solve if russia were part of the union . 
  it 's none of my business of course , but i wish this could happen today . 
  all the problems that europeans have with russia would be more easy to solve if they were part of the same union . 
   tried to destroy anything slightly left wing france is slightly left-wing , is it not ? 
  did we try to destroy it ? 
  i though we liberated and protected it . 
  please refresh my memory . 
  or if you 're saying that we only tried to destroy left-wingers further south , can you explain why ? 
   you acted far more brutal in greece and italy than france , and that 's it . 
  you are falling for cold war-era soviet propaganda . 
  the us was not responsible for the coup in greece . 
  in 2017 , you can read the cia 's own internal reports on it , thanks to the freedom of information act : https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/document/cia-rdp79t00826a001800010075-4, 
   tried to destroy anything slightly left wing france is slightly left-wing , is it not ? 
  did we try to destroy it ? 
  i though we liberated and protected it . 
  please refresh my memory . 
  i do n't , actually . 
  italy 60 million , france 70 million . 
  why would we destroy italy and leave france alone ? 
   l\u00c9 william butler yeats relevant : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/57xmj4/new_irish_naval_vessel_l%c3%a9_william_butler_yeats/, 
  did we forget to destroy the french ? 
  i almost added `` iranian rebel proxies '' to the list , but did n't want to have to reply to `` and you expect us to fight iran for us imperialism ? '', 
  comments . 
  that 's making some big assumptions , is n't it ? 
  i do n't understand why some americans seem so eager to believe our involvement is the problem . 
  we can speculate that iran * might * be secular today if we and other countries had n't supported the pahlavis - but we can be * certain * that it would be secular today if the pahlavis had stayed in power . 
  ensuring that all their weapons are chinese or russian would n't accomplish anything for human rights or western values . 
  ( edit : besides , they 're fighting a war against daesh and al-qaeda , so unless we 're willing to invade and pacify yemen ourselves , we probably should n't interfere . ), 
  i have no more patience for this conversation . 
  germany has had - dramatically - more cases of salmonella for nearly 50 years , and if you 're too nationalistic to admit that , that 's your problem , not mine . 
   also , in the us there are no numbers published by the cdc on overall cases of salmonellosis , only those that resulted in hospitalization . 
  that is a flat-out lie . 
  you 're just too lazy to find the information , or you 're denying its existence because you know it does n't agree with you . 
  and yes i am calling you dishonest , and no i 'm not lying about you editing your comment . 
  who are you trying to fool ? 
  i watched you do it several times . 
  i think this whole conversation is an illustration of [ psychological projection . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_projection ) you started out by accusing me of making uninformed assumptions while defending a stupid practice but that 's all you 've been doing . 
  the only reason we 're having this debate is because eu farmers ca n't compete industrially , so your legislators turn to pseudoscience as a justification for protectionism . 
  and you , who claim to work with patients , defend them . 
  shame on you . 
  i 'm glad that you 've never personally had salmonella , but if you do get it , consider that you probably would n't have it if that meat had been disinfected . 
  your entire reasoning rests on the claim that `` any cases of salmonella are reported , '' which is * incredibly * dishonest , from someone who says he actually works with patients . 
  and you 're trying to support it with a red herring about the usa - that americans ca n't afford to see doctors .
