  130 million americans are enrolled in free healthcare either through [ medicaid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medicaid ) or [ medicare , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medicare ) but that 's irrelevant because access to doctors has nothing to do with the prevalence of salmonella poisoning . 
  salmonella comes from * eating infected chicken . 
  * even if none of us could see a doctor , we 'd still have fewer cases of salmonella - as we have had since the 1970s - because we * disinfect * our chicken . 
  your whole argument is a farce . 
  as for stupid practices : in medicine , there 's no stupider practice than refusing to use disinfectants , another thing which someone working in internal medicine should know . 
  because you edited your comment after i replied , i 'm reposting this . 
  i already did point out what 's wrong with it : you 're using completely incompatible data and methodologies . 
  the us figure you cited from the cdc is an * estimate . 
  * the vast majority of those people have no idea that they contract salmonella - as you know , if you actually work with salmonellosis patients - they just have some diarrhea and then they recover . 
  you 're comparing that against * reported * cases of salmonellosis in germany on the absurd logic that `` any cases of salmonella are reported , '' which is utterly dishonest on multiple levels . 
  and now you 've edited your comment to rant about the us healthcare system . 
  i 'm sorry if this hurts your nationalist ego but yes , germany does have more cases of salmonellosis than the united states . 
  ridiculous . 
  you 're using figures derived from entirely different sources and methodologies , and your own guesswork , reasoning on the basis of the fact that `` in germany it is required by law that any cases of salmonella are reported . '', 
  and you say you work in medicine ? 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  have you ever been to a 3rd-world country ? 
  salmonellosis is 5 times more prevalent in germany than in the united states : https://www.gideononline.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/salm2-germany.jpg source : global infectious diseases and epidemiology network there have also been several outbreaks of salmonella in recent years that have originated in germany and spread to other european countries . 
  the predominant source of infection is meat and poultry . 
  no , what i said was accurate but i 'm talking about a continent . 
  i really have no idea how german drinking water compares . 
  i do n't think i said anything specifically about germany . 
  there is actually a current thread that mentions it : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6p9llx/why_did_the_chicken_cross_the_atlantic_because/, 
  more to the point , europeans get more chlorine from their drinking water than they would from our chicken . 
  and that 's good , because otherwise , they 'd be dead . 
  i think the presumption is that we * value * sacrifices made for the sake of human liberty . 
  i wish i was familiar enough with turkish politics to have an independent opinion on what 's going on . 
  my problem is that the same media outlets who constantly talk about turkey becoming a dictatorship because of erdo\u011fan also talk about the united states becoming a dictatorship because of trump and republicans . 
  their assessment of our politics is so batshit insane that it 's hard for me to have any confidence in their assessment of turkey 's . 
   were a de facto gop-moscow alliance once again to win a national us election ... 
  it goes without saying that america 's old experiment with democracy will , by this point , have come to a complete halt . 
  jesus fucking christ , guardian ... 
  the rules for electors are governed by the laws of each individual state . 
  it is , as you said , `` indirect democracy '' :  those elected into power of their own , get to further choose who is entrusted to more power . 
  and the reason i said it 's similar was because of this from the article :  it is true that mr juncker 's name did not appear on ballots , nor , in most countries , did the parliamentary groupings to which national parties belong . 
  ** that is because every country can set the rules for its european parliament elections , ** and most do not want pan-european parties or commission presidents to have the power of a direct popular mandate . 
  it 's the same situation . 
  every member state independently sets the rules for how its electors are chosen , but people do n't understand that , so they just whine about `` the electoral college '' rather than their own state laws . 
  we have the same issue with the electoral college . 
  the states can choose to distribute their electoral votes however they want . 
  most choose to distribute them on a winner-take-all basis , which allows the national popular vote to be different from the electoral vote . 
  and people use that to call the electoral college undemocratic , but all it 's doing is letting the member states govern themselves . 
  you did n't lose the eu - it lost you . 
  to say you lost it is like saying catalonia lost spain . 
  the eu once included the uk and now it does n't - it has lost the uk . 
  why would they want to lose catalonia anyway ? 
  is losing the uk not enough ? 
  then why is xi jinping closer to the center than putin ? 
  why is putin closer than erdo\u011fan ? 
  why is mauricio macri ( president since 2015 ) even closer than merkel ? 
  why is modi behind him ? 
  where do you get this explanation of protocol ? 
  it 's political criticism . 
  the image is of kaczy\u0144ski and two shadows of him , with the caption `` separation of powers . '', 
   with one shrewd move , french president emmanuel macron has displaced german chancellor angela merkel as the leader of the european union -- or at least as the eu 's face , voice , and ear to its vital trans-atlantic partner , president donald trump . 
  who the hell writes this crap ? 
  in order to believe that , you have to believe that someone would have asked macron to stand there , and i just find that impossible . 
  as u/escaperesonance pointed out , it ruined the symmetry of the group . 
  somehow by raising your hand to the left , you convey `` two rows forward , all the way to the side and next to donald trump '' ? 
  do n't be silly ; there was clearly no room there . 
  that 's probably one of macron 's aides saying `` trump 's over there . '', 
  watch merkel 's expression when she sees what 's going on . 
  [ this is a man-child . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9yz7gwnfbq ), 
  come on , macron even admitted later that his handshake was `` not innocent . '', 
  he was trying to hurt the person whose hand he was shaking . 
  stop barking at me about trump . 
  i did n't even vote for him . 
  edit : and what macron did was n't `` what anyone else would do '' - no one except macron has done it . 
  it 's funny to observe in this clip that trump 's version of handshake diplomacy ( if that 's what it is ) is more sophisticated than macron 's . 
  he 's so casual and nonchalant while making macron squirm . 
  that 's why it 's funny . 
  it has nothing to do with politics . 
  yeah , macron 's attempt to inflict pain in their first handshake . 
  i smiled . 
  it 's kinda funny if it 's revenge for macron 's earlier antics . 
  it 's soooo bright . 
  i feel more at home in the cave-like darkness of wmata metros : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htqlmo5yywc, 
  do people really not realize that if someone 's sitting like this , you can sit next to him and he 'll move his leg ? 
  it 's all they talk about , when pr is discussed . 
  they do n't refer to namibia and angola . 
  do you think canadians pay any attention to african and south american politics ? 
   there is no mention of europe or any european countries in the article what continent do you think he 's referring to when he says pr causes political fragmentation into niche parties ? 
  proportional representation is the system by which most meps are elected . 
  canadian advocates for it use europe as their reference . 
  when trudeau says it causes fragmentation of political parties , european parties are the ones he 's referring to . 
  the discussion is essentially about european politics . 
  it 's just a symptom of the death of newspapers and other old media . 
  it 's been coming a long time . 
  whether from internal or external factors , east germany was totalitarian 26 years ago . 
  and the recent totalitarianism is one reason their overton window extends to such people . 
  if it 's old , that 's because it 's lasted longer than other democracies . 
  maybe it works better than you think . 
  as for the overton window , last year you had donald trump versus ted cruz versus hillary clinton versus bernie sanders . 
  do you realize that most countries in europe have been democratic for less than one lifetime ? 
  stop with the inferiority complex . 
  americans know how government works . 
  what he actually said was , `` the powers of the president are substantial and are not to be questioned . '', 
  ... according to a report written by the man who replaced him . 
  let 's be a little skeptical .
