  i was impressed too and i still am impressed . 
  let 's remember what everyone thought before brexit - that it did n't have a chance - that the establishment would inevitable get their way - that people no longer mattered . 
  it was such an inspiring rebuttal that we 've forgotten all about that now . 
   every single thread i see some non-swede being an expert on my country , which is great ... now imagine the same except worse , and not just about immigration but about everything in sweden , forever . 
  200 years of neutrality and being on the edge of the world map might do that to anyone . 
  i mean , what do swedish kids even learn about history ? 
  all wars and disasters are someone else 's problem . 
  imagine that perspective . 
  it must seem like the whole world is full of idiots except them . 
  how does reproduction work in this case ? 
  if you 're born with y chromosomes , can you actually be a mother ? 
  he went to canada , in eng . 
  he 's killed . 
  ) , can confirm , canada is a lethal and inhospitable place . 
  people are also wrongly sentenced to life in prison , which some consider to be worse . 
  anyway , stop putting yourself on a pedestal . 
  in the us we have states that have banned the death penalty since the mid-1800s , and other states which have it today . 
  judging from polls , the only reason you do n't have it in the eu is because your government does n't represent you . 
  bravo . 
   in western europe you can find every political side represented , from far right nationalists to actual socialists . 
  yes , and germany ( likely ) will have had the same chancellor for 20 years . 
  parties \u2260 choices . 
  in a pluralistic party system , political minorities are trapped in their own parties and locked out of power . 
   universal healthcare is present in almost every country in the union and is n't a topic of routine debate . 
  you were saying something about diversity ? 
   everybody has a voice unlike the us which does n't have a true left wing . 
  this is n't the 19th century and europe does n't define what is left-wing or right-wing for other everyone else . 
  and as we all know , he 's usually right about these things ? 
  anyway i 'm not even sure that those statistics do n't include vocational training . 
  and i 'm not going to argue which system is better because it 's irrelevant . 
  if we can provide college , we can also provide vocational training . 
   even trump congratulations , you have america 's biggest idiot on your side . 
  are you sure that these tables do n't include vocational training ? 
  and , look , the original comment i replied to was ( paraphrasing ) `` boo usa , no free education , you call that developed ? '', 
  the user went on to use words like `` barbaric '' and `` uncivilized '' in later comments . 
  i 'm just adding some perspective . 
  i said it 's debatable . 
  i 'm not going to debate it . 
   for 25-34 yr olds most european countries are equivalent or exceed the us in attainment . 
  that does n't appear to be true according to your link . 
  for 2-year or equivalent , the us % exceeds all but 6 european countries , all of them fairly small ( except for the uk ) . 
  for 4-year or equivalent , it 's 8 points above france and 2 points above norway/sweden . 
  the only category where the us does n't shine is 6-year or equivalent , and in that category it 's still higher than canada . 
  and although you say :  it 's not that they ca n't , it 's that they choose not to is that something you can say with certainty ? 
  would the french educational system be able to handle a much larger student capacity if more people wanted to attend ? 
   the entire eu agrees that death penalty is barbaric and uncivilized . 
  this might be something you 're not accustomed to being allowed to hear , but actually , the death penalty is pretty popular in europe . 
  in fact , 2015 was the first time support for it in the uk has ever been recorded at less than 50 % : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32061822, 
  the cited source is an oecd table . 
  if i 'm reading it correctly , the total % for the us should be 45 , which is still higher than any european country ( edit : except russia ) . 
  the numbers for a lot of countries are slightly different from the wiki , though . 
  not sure why . 
  i should have phrased it better anyway , since it differs by age group . 
  but if it 's not that high anymore , it 's still very high . 
  considering the fact that the usa provides tertiary education to a higher % of its population than any european country , it 's debatable what the phrase `` free education '' should really mean : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment anyway , she 's neither right-wing nor left-wing by your standards . 
  since she 's american , she can only be defined as right-wing or left-wing by american standards . 
  of course . 
  the prestige and power the uk gives the union is incalculable . 
  losing it will ( edit : if permanent ) affect its entire future . 
  the vote in 2001 was 538 yes versus 35 no : https://www.bundestag.de/dokumente/textarchiv/2011/37148635_kw51_10_jahre_isaf/207270 and the question was n't `` has society benefited ? '', 
  ( although society does benefit from having a military that obeys civil authority ) . 
  the question was , `` are they killing and dying for society ? '', 
  and how are they not ? 
  who tells them to do it ? 
  whose orders do they obey ? 
  edit : typo, 
  thanks for the additional information . 
  about afghanistan : i was referring to the vote in 2001 . 
  i was addressing the op 's question :  explain how our actions in afghanistan are for society you ordered them there , right ? 
  you 're a constitutional democracy , right ? 
  according to the internet , the bill passed in the bundestag by a large majority . 
  edit : also , the author is n't american . 
  mario shulz is a former german soldier and current employee at the global public policy institute in berlin . 
  he was awarded the ehrenmedaille der bundeswehr for exemplary service . 
  did n't you vote to deploy them there ? 
  see : india/pakistan , ussr/china . 
  when nuclear countries fight , the nukes gather dust in their silos . 
   how many soldiers do you know ? 
   because every soldier i have ever met or known is very , very far away from what you and the article describe . 
   every person that i know that wanted to be a soldier has either fucked up their education and had no other choice , or was a deluded right wing nut that actually dreamt of honor and glory and fit right in with the recent news about the bundeswehr . 
  i ca n't speak about the bundeswehr but that 's really not true about our armed forces . 
  maybe it has to do with recruiting and social/historical factors ( and i do n't just mean wars ) . 
  i 've heard it conflicts somewhat with vocational training . 
  re : `` service , '' it goes back a lot further than that . 
  our military descends from a militia tradition . 
  in the old days , our military was [ this . 
  ] ( https://caleb-johnson.squarespace.com/s/menabletobeararms1643.pdf ) and it was disbanded between wars , until the cold war . 
  so there 's a distinct aspect of service to society ( and from their perspective , civilization ) . 
  that 's why they do n't associate it with crime . 
  nyc in their minds implies glamor and sophistication . 
  maybe comparable to our concept of paris . 
  we are n't going for iran , you crazy person . 
  we are n't going to try to invade and occupy a country of 80 million . 
  and we 're the oldest constitutional democracy in existence ( * ) , not fucking cartoon villains . 
  ( * ) pedants : please no, 
  seriously , though , you guys are beginning to scare me . 
  how can you possibly deal with this many ? 
  jesus germany , slow down . 
  you 're gon na get a headache . 
  you seem to be avoiding the actual issue .
