  yup . 
  but you ca n't expect a different migration policy until then . 
  exactly . 
  that does n't happen with proportional representation . 
  the members of the party all basically agree . 
  like you said :  this system insures strong party lines which means people know what they are voting for . 
  keeps you from having libertarians and christian fundamentalist in one party . 
  well , because policy is tied to party . 
  so to change policy , you have to vote that party out of office , or wait for its leaders to figure out what they 're doing wrong . 
  you ca n't just vote in different individuals to replace them , which is what happened recently with trump , etc. 
  for clarification , i 'm talking about party-list proportional representation . 
  most meps are elected that way , iirc . 
  i can see where it has advantages , but it seems like it requires some patience . 
  i know no one wants to hear it but to me , most european democracy looks upside down . 
  you vote for parties , and the party decides who your representative is - instead of voting for individual representatives who organize themselves into parties . 
  not true in all countries of course . 
  europe has a high standard of living and personal liberties , so the system obviously works , but i ca n't help thinking that one downside must be a slight delay when responding to changing opinions . 
  would you care to explain what in that comment was wrong ? 
  edit : oh , wait . 
  [ i see that it has nothing to do with what i said . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gifrecipes/comments/6l7xqb/sausagewrapped_eggs/djspdc7/ ) i should have realized that the downvotes were coming from r/shitamericanssay . 
  you shitpeople ca n't even abide by the rules of your own hate group . 
  and you 've never had a prime minister from any but two of them . 
  do n't split hairs . 
  [ this ] ( http://static1.uk.businessinsider.com/image/5469c81482e9855b547e366e-1200-858/uk%20parliamentary%20seats.png ) is your party system . 
   how many governments did sweden overthrow ? 
  how many governments * could * sweden overthrow ? 
  also , how many countries has sweden defended ? 
  how many nations has it liberated ? 
  how many genocides stopped ? 
  how many tyrants opposed ? 
   do people thank their soldiers for their service in iraq and vietnam when they did nothing but massacre innocent people ? 
  you say this , and somehow you think you 're countering what i said ? 
  oh please , there you go again . 
  this :  i guess invading iraq , vietnam and like 50 other countries since ww2 under false pretenses or without consensus is not rogue enough . 
  is exactly what i said about you in the beginning :  i mean , what do swedish kids even learn about history ? 
  all wars and disasters are someone else 's problem . 
  imagine that perspective . 
  it must seem like the whole world is full of idiots except them . 
  massachusetts : 1783 sweden : 1813 , except for swedish colonies which continued the practice for generations since you edited :  do you define that as modern democracy ? 
  yes . 
  modern democracy is older than universal suffrage . 
  the structure of our federal republic is the same as it was in the late 1700s , and we were practicing constitutional democracy as far back as 1620 when most of europe was , yes , feudal serfdoms . 
  you 're confirming my op with everything you say . 
  `` everyone knows we swedes are n't brainwashed , unlike those foolish americans who are fed propaganda . '', 
  if you look at any survey of trust in government , you 'll find sweden ranked way above the us . 
  yes , like i said , the people i 'm referring to are n't right-wing . 
  i mean the highest-voted reply to my op on this thread was another swede who disagrees with you . 
  deleted because reposted with edit . 
  that part 's true , though . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_abolition_of_slavery_and_serfdom, 
   must be confusing when you 're like the only developed country with a two-party system . 
  yes , except for the uk , canada and all us other anglo countries with long histories of mature and successful democracy . 
   i think you forgot the part where the head of state , once again , is the head of the party and does the vast majority of party duties , i.e debates and the like . 
  no he is n't , and if he was , it would be because the voters elected him . 
  climbing the party ladder in a more typical western democracy is a game of internal politics in which promotions are given from the top down . 
  so of course you do n't have characters like trump . 
  he would never have been elected in the us either if the power to choose the president was taken from the people and given to the republican national committee . 
  but you seem not to realize that it 's not an accident that our system does n't work that way - it 's a choice our founders made for a reason . 
   modern democracy while most westerners were in the feudal era ? 
  yeah , modern democracy . 
  here 's some homework : find the origin of the term `` civil body politic . '', 
  and most of the usa gave blacks the right to vote before sweden even did that for whites . 
  i remember a lot of discussion on reddit . 
  also ,  people without an agenda and evidence on their side versus right-wing reactionaries . 
  tough choice . 
  i 'm not right-wing and the people i 'm referring to are n't right-wing . 
  you 'll have a happier life if you make a habit of refraining from unnecessary assumptions . 
   not only did you not provide any sources , but you also forgot to mention that most westerners do n't elect climate change-denying reality tv stars with no merits whatsoever . 
  no - most westerners are n't even allowed to vote for their heads of government . 
  in most western countries , it 's just whoever the party bosses decide it is . 
  and also because they do n't vote for individuals - they just vote for parties , and are assigned representatives from lists made up by those same party bosses , representatives whose views all line up with what the bosses want , unlike our primitive system , where donald trump can become president even though the leaders of his own party hate him , because the voters - not the bosses - decide . 
   not only did you not provide any sources this is 2017 . 
  look it up . 
  or just go over to r/politics . 
   literally everyone knows it 's true , and you 're the one proving my point . 
  the fact that you 're even trying to argue it is hilarious . 
  if you can say `` literally everyone knows , '' you have no business accusing any other society of brainwashing . 
  we are the longest-lived constitutional republic in existence ^ ( yes i know , san marino etc. , do n't be pedantic ) and have been practicing modern democracy since most other westerners were in the feudal era . 
  it 's really some kind of brainwashing if `` everyone knows '' we do n't understand basic civics . 
   uh nah it doesnt , everyone knows americans are extremely brainwashed . 
  you mean everyone where you 're from thinks the same thing ? 
  are you trying to validate my point ? 
  anyway , you 're misinformed . 
  our media right now is demanding our president 's impeachment . 
  polls consistently show that americans are more skeptical of our government and institutions than almost any other westerners . 
   no and no . 
  well it 's you against them . 
   remember bojo 's flip flop from remain to leave ? 
  he never thought leave would win , it was a power grab . 
  he did n't exactly flip-flop . 
  he always called himself a euroskeptic . 
  it may be more like he did n't think it was the right time , but once the vote passed , `` now or never '' became the reality . 
  edit : also , from the article :  [ hunt ] later wrote on twitter : `` for avoidance of doubt i have never been advised or believed brexit means people ` fleeing uk ' . 
  i was anticipating a question along those lines from mps ... which is why the phrase appears in my briefing note . '', 
   probably nowhere near as much propaganda as in the us however . 
  this comment would seem to support my point . 
  and from what i hear from other swedes , it 's wrong : almost your entire media is state propaganda . 
  as for history education , i 'm told by swedes that most of what your schools teach you about ww2 in asia is how immoral the atomic bombs were . 
  is that true ?
