  a political system that ca n't withstand open discussion is n't one that 's going to last . 
  the guy who suggests blockading israel and engaging diplomatically with is ? 
   the thing that confuses me the most about belgium on reddit is that only the congo seems to get brought up . 
  the more recent ww2 where belgium refused to let nazi germany waltz through to france and resulted in a massive amount of belgian casualties never gets mentioned . 
  humans do n't spend a lot of time talking about what 's nice about other nations . 
  it 's more often about why other nations are terrible . 
   decline mean losing influence and share . 
  well , that 's different . 
  naturally , we 'll lose influence if europeans and asians are unable to recognize their interests or work together . 
  but i do n't think that makes us a declining power in the sense that the british empire was . 
  this is more about other people 's issues . 
   chinese are becoming more nationalists , assertative and confident . 
  the more the chinese becomes wealthier and powerful the more they will want to push the u.s aside . 
  that 's one interpretation . 
  but in that case , xi would n't be issuing directives that chinese media must stop promoting western lifestyles . 
  the truth is that chinese are importing our culture slowly and surely , and the communist party is feeling threatened . 
  yeah - [ the european union could n't agree on a position on the south china sea ruling ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/eu-unable-to-adopt-statement-upholding-south-china-sea-ruling/ ) either . 
  is that a sign of our decline ? 
  i think it 's more about europe 's problems . 
  duterte is basically the philippines ' donald trump . 
  whatever crazy thing he ultimately does is the fault of the people who elected him . 
  i do n't see why it needs to be attributed to our supposed decline . 
  what exactly do you mean by decline , anyway ? 
  yet obama 's rating is still likely to remain as high . 
  try asking / r/philippines how they feel about the u.s.  i am sure british and american people had a positive opinion of each other after wwi and wwii . 
  it still did not stop british decline . 
  maybe you could define what you mean by * decline . 
  * i do n't think we 're talking about the same thing . 
   and 50 % of chinese have a positive opinion on the u.s which is in the same range as france ( 56 \u2105 , and germany 53 \u2105 )  those ratings means nothing at all . 
  i think that they do . 
  especially since younger chinese are more pro-american than older . 
  we 're affecting their opinions . 
  besides , there 's more specific information available : http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/23/global-publics-back-u-s-on-fighting-isis-but-are-critical-of-post-911-torture/pg_15-06-18_asiapivotmap_web/, 
  do you know that the philippines only allowed the us military back into its bases three years ago , after kicking us out in 1992 ? 
  as the state department has said , the philippines is a sovereign nation . 
  of 100 million . 
  we have no desire to hold them back . 
  despite what some think , we 're not imperialists ; it 's not a sign of * decline * if they act independently of us . 
  it 's actually quite refreshing to see another democracy using some initiative . 
  and , for the record , obama actually has a higher approval rating in the philippines than duterte does , and the vast majority of filipinos strongly prefer america to either china or russia . 
  our history with the philippines goes back a long way , sp whatever duterte does is unlikely to change that : http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/6/survey/17/, 
  japan 's top sport is baseball . 
  * baseball . 
  it 's a stereotype that needs to go , but on your last point , chirac 's position in 2003 was that only an immediate threat justified war . 
  he preferred the un to go on reducing iraq to an impoverished ruin through sanctions , without removing saddam hussein from power . 
  he also declined to assist iraq 's recovery . 
  it 's simplistic to say that france 's position has been proven right . 
  i do n't know that anyone was right . 
  a union of states ? 
  you are mad , sir . 
  it can not be done . 
  right , but russian state media has invested a lot in inoculating against america . 
  they have n't invested much in inoculating against portugal . 
  they would be forced to spend time weaving a new fiction into the popular narrative , about how america is economically blackmailing portugal or something . 
  i just think that a disinterested voice can often carry more weight . 
  exactly . 
  and we 're not a disinterested party ( we never are ) , so , coming from us , it 's so much easier to dismiss . 
  and it carries less weight inside russia . 
  ordinary russians will never give anything we say any thought . 
  same with chinese . 
  it 's all an imperialist plot against a rival . 
  i think that could be leveraged more to your advantage , actually . 
  if finland or maybe portugal were demanding investigations of russian/syrian war crimes , the demand would carry more weight than it does coming from the us . 
  i think there are basically two factors involved in determining how much we hate a nation : 1 . 
  how often we hear about them . 
  how different they are from us . 
  it would be more informative if placed in proper context : * us accuses russia of using cyber warfare to get donald trump elected *, 
  when you compare what he 's set out to do versus what he 's accomplished ... 
  again , that 's all the more reason to let someone else do it . 
  that 's exactly why they should shut up . 
  let hollande or may , or better yet abe , be the one to make these demands . 
  coming from kerry , they do nothing except make the u.s. look hypocritical and ( even worse ) ineffectual . 
  interesting , but is this appropriate content for / r/europe ? 
  i just wish the administration could shut the fuck up . 
  justified or not , this just is n't good publicity for us . 
  it 's amazing to say after eight years that obama has been worse at diplomacy than bush . 
   the spread of isis into iraq can be blamed on america that happened mostly after the 2011 withdrawal . 
  america 's aggression in iraq lasted a few weeks in 2003 . 
  the main thing it did wrong was not doing enough to help iraq recover . 
  but other nations did nothing , after helping to destroy iraq for 10 years via `` peaceful '' sanctions . 
  you asked what the uk/france creating them meant . 
  anyway , what i meant was that the middle east is really europe 's problem and should never have become ours . 
  and it wo n't be in the future . 
  [ obama has completely given up on it . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/04/the-obama-doctrine/471525/ ) his belief is that arab culture is n't ready for modernity and that it 's a waste of our resources to try to change that . 
  the fact that the uk and france created iraq and syria by drawing random lines on a map , without regard for ethnic or religious differences , is the reason for most of the fighting today . 
  you might not say that if you were korean , taiwanese or tibetan . 
  anyway , europeans created most of these countries in the first place and it 's europeans who are stuck with them as neighbors , sadly . 
  yes , deliberately . 
  it 's easy to forget this now , but the u.s. has only invaded one arab country in the last 200 years , and we will be happy to never do it again . 
  anyone who wants the job can have it . 
  in our case , though , it 's more of a reversal of longstanding policy . 
  obama withdrew us forces from iraq and afghanistan , refused to arm ukraine , refused to confront china over the philippines , refused to commit forces to syria or libya , etc. , etc. 
  as king abdullah said , [ `` i think i believe in american power more than obama does . 
  '' ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/04/the-obama-doctrine/471525/ ) and he 's right . 
  obama does n't believe in american power , except in conjunction with allies . 
  duterte is angry because we 're not going to attack china over his claim to an uninhabited island . 
  pakistan is angry because we 're not securing their border for them . 
  we 're not the british empire - we have no colonies to lose and are n't going anywhere . 
  what 's declining is our desire to continue being everyone else 's military .
