  i do n't know how hard it would be . 
  that 's why i 'm asking . 
  but i mean , a continuous blockade of the african coast ? 
  what do you think it should do ? 
  approval numbers do n't mean much when you 're only asking them to approve of sending a single brigade . 
  if support was really so massive in france and germany , why was their commitment so low ? 
  who 's spinning ? 
  i did n't say `` there was no support . '', 
  but most of the forces were american , and half the rest were british . 
  and i 'm specifically talking about france , and germany i suppose . 
  would they call it massive support if they called upon us to honor our defense treaty , and we sent one combat battalion ? 
  massive support : usa : 60,000 soldiers france : 3,000 soldiers what we got from france was far less than even an equal commitment to our defense - to call it massive is outrageous . 
  their support was as small as it could have been without being objectively a betrayal . 
  and now their own young people , having grown up being told by their own government and media that the war on terror was wrong , are ( of course ) becoming terrorists - and that , too , according to them , is our fault . 
  the afghanistan war was very unpopular in western europe and remains unpopular . 
  and they blame us for that too , and even for the first gulf war in a roundabout way , even though france supplied far more weapons to saddam than we ever did . 
  right , and then they blamed the syrian war on obama because he * did n't * bomb them :  prime minister of france manuel valls told goldberg that `` by not intervening early , we have created a monster . 
  we were absolutely certain that the u.s. administration would say yes . 
  working with the americans , we had already seen the targets . 
  it was a great surprise . 
  if we had bombed as was planned , i think things would be different today . '', 
   http://freebeacon.com/national-security/obama-furious-clinton-criticizing-foreign-policy/ even if we had n't intervened in iraq , they 'd still hold us responsible , somehow . 
  the fact is that we have little knowledge of what racial equality is like in europe , because european countries do n't publish statistics on it . 
   i would argue that regime changing gaddafi was not truly a french initiative either . 
  it was n't the french people or even sarkozy who came up with this plan . 
  sarkozy was actually convinced to do it by a french-jewish ( pied noir ) ` intellectual ' influencer named bernard henri levy . 
  really , you 're going out of your way to point out which of these people are jews ? 
  ( edit : i was still somehow surprised to find after posting this that the most recent comments in your history are about holocaust denial . ), 
  saying it was n't a french initiative because `` the french people '' did n't come up with it at some mass gathering is so crazy on so many levels i ca n't even begin to process it , and it 's a double standard while you 're attributing similar things to `` the us '' without any such qualifications . 
   the `` tick tock on libya '' email , from the foia released hillary emails , details clinton 's hands-on involvement in setting up the libya war , everywhere from getting qatar and uae to join the coalition ( obama said he wanted more arab involvement ) to getting the required votes at the un for unsc res 1973 to pass ( it called for the no-fly zone which was then used as a pretext to regime change libya ) . 
  so the essence of your wall of text is that you 're blaming hillary clinton ( and a jew , hissss ) for the collective actions of the entire mediterranean and middle east , including qatar , the uae and also the united nations security council . 
  this is what i said in my first comment . 
  you 're just absolving everyone else in the world of responsibility for their own actions in order to keep your hatred focused on the people you already hate . 
  it 's not helpful for anyone to look at politics this way . 
   so the libya war and deposing gaddafi is i think the biggest single trigger of the migrant crisis . 
  then you 're making no sense because deposing gaddafi was a french initiative , in which the us only played a supporting role . 
  and in syria , the french government condemned obama for * not * bombing them :  prime minister of france manuel valls told goldberg that `` by not intervening early , we have created a monster . 
  we were absolutely certain that the u.s. administration would say yes . 
  working with the americans , we had already seen the targets . 
  it was a great surprise . 
  if we had bombed as was planned , i think things would be different today . '', 
   http://freebeacon.com/national-security/obama-furious-clinton-criticizing-foreign-policy/ and maybe they 're right , but do n't kid yourself . 
  [ our side of the planet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_hemisphere ) has basically been at peace for the last 200 years , while the other side has basically never been at peace , for reasons that have little to do with us in the final analysis . 
   the american committee on united europe ( acue ) , founded in 1948 , was an american organization which sought to counter the communist threat in europe by promoting european political integration . 
  yes , we claimed to be doing the right thing , but our * real * motive was to protect democracy in europe . 
  really ? 
  does there have to be a sinister motive ? 
  we wanted to keep you goofballs from destroying the world . 
  trump has basically just been yielding to the experts on every issue so far . 
  he reversed course on ukraine and russia , became pro-nato , authorized action in syria , etc. 
  also , wartime operational control of our forces in korea ( [ united nations command ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_command ) ) belongs to the republic of korea , and their war plans call for massive pre-emptive strikes in the event of imminent war . 
  it means nothing because the objective , for russia , is n't to improve relations with the united states , but to destabilize it . 
   us forces were involved in that war because america wanted to be involved in that war , that 's all . 
  yes , we just decided to involve ourselves in french indochina , completely independently of france . 
  why are you being so ridiculous ? 
  your links are talking about the second indochina war as if that was the beginning , when it obviously was n't . 
  after the first indochina war , the us was left supporting the south vietnamese government of ngo dinh diem , who was in paris when he was appointed prime minister with the support of france . 
  it was absolutely because of france that we became involved in vietnam , because we wanted france as an ally in nato at the time . 
  that 's why we were at dien bien phu . 
  you ca n't be denying this . 
   the vietnam war started in 1955 . 
  please explain how this is not true the answer is in the first sentence of your link :  the geneva agreements of 1954 ( also , `` geneva accords '' ) arranged a settlement which brought about an ** end to the first indochina war . 
  ** us forces were involved in that war , because of france . 
  france 's involvement in nato was the main reason the us became involved in vietnam in the first place . 
  sorry , but that 's not true . 
  we 've always claimed to have a `` values-driven '' foreign policy - the world must be made safe for democracy , right is more precious than peace , etc. 
  yes , maybe countries only have interests , but many countries have historically identified their interests with those of humanity , including france and the eu . 
   thank you for knowing my own country 's politics better than i do . 
  i think you 're both doing that . 
   the us did something good , yes , but they did n't do it out of the kindness of their hearts , but because it got tangible benefits from it . 
  why not acknowledge that it did ( does ) it for both reasons ? 
  are we just devoid of humanity and wholly selfish , exploitative liars ? 
   the atlantic treaty area 's of effect is limited to the continent of europe , the continent of north america , algeria , and any territory in the atlantic ocean north of the tropic of cancer , and the mediterreanan . 
  so then , what systems have our allies implemented to intercept north korean or chinese missile attacks on north america ? 
  does he ? 
  the flags look like tricolors , and that looks like a crown on top . 
  hard to make out though . 
  and why has estonia not been at war , when ukraine and georgia have been and still are ? 
  and france dragged us into motherfucking vietnam because of nato ; and europe in general dragged us into yugoslavia in the '90s and libya in 2011 . 
  that argument does n't hold up to scrutiny . 
  the possibility of war with china alone is very real . 
  and most countries sent no more than a token force to help in that war . 
   you can spend less while still committing to the shared defense , instead of the other way around . 
  i 'll be the first to criticize u/mightierthanthou for such a dramatic overreaction , but really , if china attacks us in the scs , or if north korea launches a missile , will the eu stop them ? 
  `` shared defense '' is kind of a joke . 
  we 're only sharing in the defense of europe . 
  come on man , is n't this is a bit of an over-reaction to that comment ? 
  i wonder why capes and swords went out of style . 
  banned turkish ministers from campaigning in the netherlands . 
   the us definitely wo n't . 
  that 's not what the surveys say : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/06/support-for-nato-is-widespread-among-member-nations/ft_16-7-6-nato4/  ww1 and ww2 . 
  back then , we were n't part of any alliances but were instead dogmatic neutrals . 
  things change . 
  what op means is that in our ( british ) electoral system , an elected representative is elected by ( and represents ) a specific area of the country - on the scale of a town or part of a city . 
  so in the uk , that specific person is `` the member of parliament for twickenham , '' and on our continent `` the representative of new york 's 13th congressional district . '', 
  so you , the voter , have a specific representative . 
  when norwegians are more prone to terrorism than saudi arabians , you ca n't blame your terrorism on anything external . 
  this theory of rational terrorism ( you kill my family , i kill you !! ), 
  belongs to the past . 
  we had those people in prison and the iraqis let them out after the transfer of power .
