  just like yesterday , when the guardian informed us that [ 375 british jews were leaving the uk , ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/30/uk-descendants-of-jewish-refugees-seek-german-citizenship-after-brexit-vote ) leaving only 250,000 who are not leaving . 
  [ most mass shooters are unemployed . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2000/04/09/us/they-threaten-seethe-and-unhinge-then-kill-in-quantity.html ) however , a workaholic culture might have something to do with that too . 
  tell that to / r/kurdistan . 
  anyway , helping putin block un authorization for it was pretty retarded too , and i seem to remember idealism being most of the reason . 
  there 's that idealism again . 
  also , that target list is from 1956 and i 'm sure you do n't need a reminder about what that period was like . 
  why would you want `` free movement of people , goods and ideas '' without collective decision-making ? 
  is a single economy without a single government desirable ? 
  why did schr\u00f6der oppose the iraq war ? 
  why did merkel want to accept so many refugees ? 
  whether yesterday 's nationalist ideals or today 's internationalist ideals , has idealism ever been absent from german policy ? 
  i do n't see why you need to believe that countries are motivated only by politics when your own country has often ( always ? ), 
  been as much motivated by idealism . 
   descendants of the tens of thousands of german jews who fled the nazis and found refuge in britain are making use of their legal right to become german citizens following the brexit vote . 
   [ ... ]  about 400 applications from the uk are being processed [ ... ] the usual annual figure is about 25 . 
  descendants of tens of thousands are 375 ? 
  we just have to accept the fact that not all countries can live up to our standards . 
   all i 'm trying to point out , is that voting for sure winners because they 're gon na win is silly . 
  obviously , i do n't think clinton is a `` sure winner . '', 
  all you 've been doing for several comments is attacking straw men . 
  `` you 're advocating a one-party state , '' `` so only candidates who will win should run , '' `` the monopoly on power you advocate , '' etc. , etc. , etc. 
   trump has no chance of winning , and neither will any republicans for generations . 
  you ca n't actually believe that . 
  no chance of winning ? 
  so all the statisticians are wrong ? 
  and no republican victories for generations , really ? 
  our parties are n't static things , you know . 
  the [ sixth party system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixth_party_system ) took over from the [ fifth party system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_party_system ) and when it ends , there will be another realignment of voting blocks just as every time before . 
   `` wasted vote '' god i hate that term ... 
  it 's the reality . 
  again , we have a first-past-the-post voting system . 
  even teddy roosevelt could n't get a third party off the ground . 
  if you want to vote outside the two-party system , you should change the voting system . 
  otherwise , you are actually wasting your vote . 
   well , then you 're advocating for a two party state on the grounds that any other party is bad because they do n't win , if you would stop accusing and start listening you might notice i 'm advocating a change to preferential voting . 
  but that has n't happened yet , so voting for stein is spoiling the election for clinton . 
  and trump ca n't win ? 
  he and clinton are statistically tied and that was before the latest email scandal broke . 
  rcp is currently giving him 21 % betting odds . 
  he can win , and the green party is contributing to him winning . 
  oh shut up , you blinkered ideologue . 
  in my very first comment , and since then , i 've been pointing out that this is the case because we have a * first-past-the-post * voting system and not a preferential voting system . 
  until that changes , third-party candidates are spoilers . 
  i 'm not `` advocating a one-party state '' and what i said has nothing to do with my political views . 
  it 's observable reality that jill stein has no chance of winning and that every % stein gets is a % clinton does n't get , so stein is a spoiler candidate . 
  no , i 'm saying that in a first-past-the-post voting system , which is what we have , you should n't vote for someone you know for a fact has no possibility of winning . 
  spoilers are those who have no genuine chance of being elected and only spoil the election for viable candidates , and on october 30 , you damn well know who they are . 
  until the first-past-the-post voting system is replaced with a preferential voting system , it * is * a wasted vote . 
  third-party spoilers stand a good chance of giving us president trump one week from now . 
  since i 'm also interested in that period of history , i 'll mention that joe 's ultimate ambition was the [ imperial federation , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation ) a.k.a. 
  greater britain , an alternative federal superstate to the european union made up of the british commonwealth nations ( and for some advocates , the united states ) . 
  iirc , his political career ended when he suffered a stroke while campaigning for it . 
  he sits directly outside the downing street office of theresa may . 
  he is her gatekeeper , counsellor and confidant . 
  when mrs may meets a world leader , nick timothy , a bearded brummie with a passion for history , is there too . 
  mr timothy is described by colleagues as a committed reformer who wants to change society to benefit the working and lower-middle classes . 
  our joe , his biography of his hero , the victorian birmingham municipal pioneer joseph chamberlain , concludes : `` it is time for the conservative party to remember its historical debt to radical joe . '' and radical is how his associates describe mr timothy . 
  he was born in 1980 , the son of albert , a factory supervisor , and margaret , a stock control clerk . 
  a brother , john , arrived in 1982 . 
  home was a modest detached house in tile cross , birmingham . 
  albert timothy rose to be export manager for a steel company . 
  bob smith , their next-door neighbour , recalled his older son as a strange child . 
  `` he was sort of , shall we say , closely guarded within the house , '' mr smith said . 
  `` they were never let out to play with other children . '' the timothys were generous . 
  when the smiths needed money to get their business out of difficulties , they provided a loan . 
  the neighbours fell out , however , over a proposal for mr smith 's wife to park her sandwich van , which bore the logo mega bites , in the garden . 
  the family later moved to sutton coldfield on the city outskirts . 
  `` i think they wanted better schools for the children , '' a neighbour said . 
  the young mr timothy won a place at king edward vi aston school for boys , an inner-city grammar , and caught his love of history from the head of department , colin parker . 
  he was studying events from the 16th century but mr parker said : `` he had strong beliefs about historical topics . 
  he was very good at debating . '' neighbours recall that his maternal grandfather , albert crowton , a machinist , and his grandmother used to run marston green cricket club in birmingham and lived in a bungalow on the grounds . 
  the would-be government adviser was a schoolboy cricketer and eligible for selection for annual matches against marylebone cricket club . 
  after graduating in politics from sheffield university he went to the conservative research department . 
  months later , in 2002 , mrs may was appointed party chairman and the pair began working together . 
  mr timothy showed his pragmatic side when he left the tories in 2004 to work for the association of british insurers , concentrating on pensions . 
  he has since been quoted as believing at the time the party could not win an election and in 2005 it lost heavily again under michael howard . 
  returning a year later , his working relationship with mrs may continued to bloom to the extent that in 2007 they co-authored a pamphlet demanding parliamentary authority over government talks with the eu . 
  the following year , with his reputation growing , he was dispatched to henley-on-thames for a by-election . 
  ed staite , a former tory adviser who worked on the campaign , described him as `` extremely driven in making sure that we not only won henley , which is an extremely safe conservative seat , but actually increased our majority . 
  the sun was shining , it was a nice place but that was n't nick . 
  he was absolutely driven . '' mrs may became shadow work and pensions secretary and gave an address to politeia on pensions , calling for `` a culture of responsible saving for the future '' . 
  sheila lawlor , politeia 's director , said : `` she was an absolute master . 
  over lunch afterwards she was on top of the brief on pensions , i can tell you . '' it is now clear that her secret weapon was mr timothy , the former specialist in the field . 
  mrs may 's address praised chamberlain 's championing of state pensions . 
  dr lawlor said : `` he kept very much in the shadows . 
  he was not a pushy guy . '' the young guru became mrs may 's special adviser when she was appointed home secretary . 
  according to mr staite : `` an official in the home office once said to me that nick was seen as a godlike figure . '' visitors were impressed by his office . 
  `` when you see sofas , meeting table , in the civil service world that 's a big thing , '' one said . 
  an associate said that mr timothy ranked above home office junior ministers and the permanent secretary . 
  the special adviser was seen as a fierce guardian of mrs may . 
  some feared that he shielded her from awkward information she needed to know and people she should have met . 
  a former colleague said : `` nick is the long-term policy thinker , ` where are we going ? ' he is by nature a radical or disrupter . 
  his natural instincts are to think about what is the next reform we should be doing . 
  i think he is motivated by a deep sense of economic justice . '' he `` could be quite difficult to work with and abrasive and get tired and irritated because of trying to do too much '' . 
  andy trotter , chief constable of british transport police at a time of fraught relations between mrs may and the police , described mr timothy as a `` very formidable operator , intensely loyal to theresa may , very thoughtful and a man to be very seriously reckoned with . 
  he certainly fought his corner with great vigour and determination . '' norman baker , whose memoirs against the grain recall being a liberal democrat home office minister , claimed that mr timothy `` used to always shout at civil servants . 
  he overreaches himself . 
  i do n't think shouting and bullying is the way to go . '' asked whether people were frightened of mr timothy , mr baker said that he thought the civil servants `` all certainly were '' . 
  one official who questioned a policy was said to have received a message from mr timothy stating : `` what do n't you understand ?
