  it 's not like our nations have any major differences . 
  but the political will for unification does n't exist . 
  at least europe has been going in that direction , but it 's only halfway there . 
  well , i would n't pretend to know what 's best for the eu . 
  but , being an american , i really would like to see it become an actual state , a superpower . 
  it already has a larger gdp than ours , and a larger population , but its military capability outside of europe is negligible . 
  i 'd like to see it take on the responsibilities of a nation its size in maintaining the world order . 
  because if it does n't , then there will only be the us and china , and china has four times our population . 
  it is a paradoxical but profoundly true and important principle of life that the most likely way to reach a goal is to be aiming not at that goal itself but at some more ambitious goal beyond it . 
  and switzerland 's neutrality allowed other countries to be invaded . 
  neutralism is one of the worst ideas ever . 
  because someone else got rid of the axis for them . 
  neutrality does n't mean you do n't have enemies . 
  it just means you do n't fight them . 
  why do n't you want to take part in afghanistan ? 
  you mentioned congo , kosovo , liberia and other places . 
  what makes afghanistan less deserving ? 
  looked at a different way , the creation of an eu military would necessitate the creation of an elected head of state , for the reason you mention . 
  this can be seen as a necessary step toward democracy and federation . 
  i do n't think anyone has * become * a racist . 
  i think it 's more that you did n't realize your racism until now . 
   cloud agreements what ? 
  is that a new buzzword for `` agreements '' ? 
   but the comparision still stands , because if you have a condition where the structure is democratic and the participants are not ... this reminds you of ... ? 
  the current situation ( where our party system is collapsing ) reminds me of [ the other times ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_parties_in_the_united_states#first_party_system:_1792.e2.80.931824 ) it 's collapsed over the years . 
  [ one-party regimes , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tammany_hall#tweed_regime ) widespread corruption and xenophobia are also sadly common recurrences in american history . 
  you 're interpreting our current events using events from your own history , which is a normal and rational way of making sense of them -- but we also have our own history , which is inherently more useful as a guide . 
  in germany , at that time , the largest conservative party was an openly monarchist and imperialist party that rejected the constitution . 
  our political culture is nothing like that . 
  i wish germans would stop making this comparison . 
  weimar conditions , meaning a young democracy with a new , unpopular constitution and a fractious party system teeming with disgruntled monarchists , fascists and communists ? 
  / r/100yearsago changed its banner today : https://www.reddit.com/r/100yearsago/comments/63tfdt/april_6_1917_us_is_in_it_at_last_a_round_up_of/, 
  if you make a habit of reading the news , it 's hard to not know the basic facts about nato and russia . 
  i did n't say they should memorize everything . 
  the situation between eastern europeans and russia has been in our news for the last 60 years , and constantly since 2014 . 
  it was brought up repeatedly in last year 's elections . 
  i wan na be charitable , but there 's really no excuse for not knowing the basics of your own country 's geostrategy . 
  the washington post is the dumbest paper in america . 
  notice how the headline , and the article , assumes that you do n't know anything at all about the baltic countries , their status with the eu or their relationship to russia and probably even their location on a map . 
  that 's how ignorant they and their readers are . 
  i know . 
  i 'm saying that our folk culture ( the part that is distinctly ours , as opposed to anglo-imperial etc ) is pretty much just pop culture and very little else . 
  by `` low '' i do n't mean crap . 
  i just mean belonging to the lower class . 
  even our upper class comes mainly from the lowest classes of other nations two or three generations ago - see our current president , and also the one before him . 
  we 're a particularly low-class nation . 
  yeah , but germany and the uk have other things . 
  they have both high culture and low culture . 
  we only have low culture . 
  almost everything in our culture ( food , music , art , politics ) is meant to appeal to the masses . 
  no , it 's our whole culture . 
  centuries of democracy + capitalism + frontier colony + mass immigration ( almost exclusively from the very poor , including slaves ) means our cultural produce ( food , music , movies ) tends to appeal to the lowest common denominator . 
  that 's both an advantage ( because it sells ) and a disability ( because it 's usually crap ) . 
  no apology necessary . 
  but our films are defined by whatever sells . 
  that 's the explanation for almost everything in our culture . 
  are you really saying that donald trump is responsible for this telegraph article ? 
  why let an opportunity go to waste ? 
  that 's what they always say . 
  but he is n't even that influential over our own media . 
  guy , this is just the ministry of defense pointing out that it needs more money : `` if the government wants to talk big over gibraltar , or indeed anywhere else , they have to invest appropriately in the military capacity to back that up . '', 
  why are we always blamed for british politics ? 
  if they had to defend gibraltar , that means they would be the ones reacting to an attack . 
  100 million people , democratic , multilingual , fastest-growing economy in asia . 
  * there is no life in the void ... only kek . 
   thats something america is doing and i do n't know who else . 
  maybe russia to a far lesser extend . 
  pakistan , for one , is still doing it . 
  and russia , iran , saudi arabia , turkey , france ( see : gaddafi , fran\u00e7afrique ) , italy , the uk , nato ( which includes you ) ... 
  if you sort nations into categories of those who do this and those who do n't , you 'll have all the powerful nations in one category . 
   its not like republicans sided with democrats . 
  its republicans who went against other republicans . 
  is there a difference ? 
  if you want another example , see [ new democrats . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_democrats )  coalitions are mostly forced by the voting sytem . 
  they have the negative effect that there has to be a comprimise at every time . 
  they have the positive effect that there is a compromise at every time . 
  that 's basically it . 
  fptp voting forces you to modify your voting behavior with consideration for what the majority of the community would vote for , which means you almost ca n't vote for extremism , which is n't entirely bad . 
  edit :  can you elaborate on that . 
  i do n't think i understood what you mean well , just list democracies of over 100 million people with plural party systems : mexico , brazil , pakistan , india , indonesia , turkey , russia , philippines ... how many are better off ? 
   there would be coalitions of parts of the democrats and parts of the republicans there are . 
  for instance , the republican healthcare bill failed to pass two days ago , even though they have a majority in both houses , because too many republicans sided with most democrats against it . 
  parties are less definitive in our system . 
  but you 're right that our system eventually becomes unresponsive and breaks down . 
  that happens at least twice per century , but it essentially forces a hard reboot : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_party_system it 's not perfect , and i 'm cautiously supportive of alternative voting to enable more parties , but i 'm not certain it will actually produce better results . 
  a list of democracies over 100 million with plural party systems does n't fill me with confidence . 
  also , i did n't mean to imply that we 're less arrogant than western europeans . 
  i said `` some '' because it could be more or less . 
  the contest of most arrogant westerners would be competitive . 
   taliban i did n't say we did n't help . 
   this is what america has been doing for quite some time . 
  providing extremists with funds to fight their enemies . 
  then at some point they lose control of the monster they created . 
  that 's the nature of power politics . 
  read this sometime if you want to feel depressed : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_history_of_syria, 
  i 'm just going to say that some of your information is false : 1 . 
  bernie sanders almost became president last year and the clintons/carters/huckabees / palins are hillbillies . 
  you do n't have to be rich to be in politics . 
  being successful in politics usually makes you rich .
