  that is possible only because the usa is so fragmented that if there was a real democracy , parties on ethnic and religious basis would start to spring up and they would never be able to agree on anything . 
  so with multiculturalism we would meet the same fate as the usa , the elites would take advantage of the weak , fragmented society and we would lose democracy for good . 
  i 'm saying that being an american means nothing . 
  there are no american values . 
  whites have their own values , blacks have their own values , asians have their own values , different religions have their own values - a situation essentially opposite to european countries , which are usually composed of a single ethnic group , which shares the same values , views , culture and customs . 
  even if people within a european nation have different religions , that does n't mean much , in contrast to the usa . 
  there is a fundamental difference in which europe and the usa view citizens , in the us they have the birthright citizenship , where anyone born on us soil automatically becomes an american , whereas european countries have ius sanguinis ( law of blood ) . 
  so someone who does n't want his country to be flooded by non-white immigrants is a racist ? 
  it 's not like i think they 're worse because of their race , but the main problem with them is that they ca n't successfully assimilate and will always stand out , and also because the majority of them are unemployable criminal scum . 
  i 'm also against immigration overall , because it transforms the country 's culture and values , but again , non-whites are the worst , especially muslims , because they will always stick to their violent religion and have values which are in fundamental opposition to any civilized european society . 
  clearly , anyone with us citizenship is an american . 
  this does n't mean the least bit that they 're assimilated . 
  assimilation means that people start to consider themselves a single ethnic group . 
  that happened to us whites , where they put their white identity above the ethnicity of their ancestors ( most of them are multiple ethnicities anyway ) . 
  same with blacks . 
  but they 've not asimilated to one ethnic group , it 's a multi-ethnic society . 
  see my post above - white britons will be a minority before 2070 . 
  i 'm not paranoid , i 'm just a realist . 
  but people like you do n't want to hear the truth and hate people speaking the truth , because if enough people knew , they would rise up and give you what you deserve . 
  that 's a lie , most english people are descended from iron age stock . 
  the uk is not a country founded on immigration any more than other european countries , if anything , it 's far less so due to its isolation as an island . 
  and what i said is true - according to demographic projections , [ white britons will be a minority before 2070 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/white-britons-will-be-minority-before-2070-says-professor-8600262.html ) . 
  you can assimilate white european immigrants , but that 's impossible with non-whites , as experiences from the usa show . 
  and i fear it will be worse than in the usa due to the presence of radical islam . 
  i hope you 're looking forward to living in an islamic caliphate . 
  english people are an ethnic group , whether you like it or not . 
  there is no english citizenship , it 's different from being a british citizen . 
  you do n't know anything about us history , it seems . 
  there were countless race riots in the us over the past 150 years . 
  including one in 1921 in oklahoma where whites dropped incendiary bombs on black neighbourhoods from airplanes , and in 1967 in detroit , where hundreds of people were massacred and the us army had to take over the city . 
  yeah , and you realize where it led to ? 
  multiculturalism leads only to bloodshed . 
  because such countries are easier to dominate . 
  a multicultural society is torn apart , it 's full of fighting factions that ca n't agree on anything . 
  such as the usa itself . 
  hitler wanted to wipe out poles . 
  do you realize multiculturalism will have the same effect ? 
  for example the english people will become a minority in their own country in several decades . 
  it this what you want ? 
  they encouraged immigration during ww2 , germany did after ww2 , but they did n't create the ideology of multiculturalism . 
  that comes from america . 
  they claim we need more diversity , that we need to destroy our nations in order to create a dream multicultural society . 
  which makes sense , this place is after all far more densely populated than the us , so there 's always a chance you could hurt someone if you created your private range . 
  yes , but overall i 'd say the policy is even less restrictive than in the us , because you can carry concealed weapons in offices and schools , while in the us it would get you either jailed or killed . 
  i believe it applies to all data . 
  the catch with software is that you must n't install it , because by installing it you breach the license agreement . 
  it is legal in the czech republic , you can make one copy for personal use . 
  in fact , i 'd bet it 's legal in most eu countries . 
  i have the feeling that you 're trying to poison this discussion with cultural relativism and other post-modern bullshit . 
  by all measures , african `` civilizations '' were less advanced than cultures in the rest of the world , if we do n't count australia . 
  with the exception of ethiopia they did n't create anything , and little was left after them . 
  their primitivity and absence of any more developed civilizations caused the late colonization of africa by europeans , because there was n't anything to conquer or colonize - africa was largely empty with slaves and some natural products as their only resource . 
  so they built factories along the coast and colonized africa thoroughly only in the 19th century . 
  i said it 's not realistic , but that there is a certain group of people who are serious about that - they belong to the morvan\u00e9 party . 
   since zionists are always going on about nazism , i suspect that when they say nazism in ukraine is not a real threat ; it 's not a real threat . 
  you 're interpreting it the wrong way . 
  zionists and jews in general would * never * claim there is a lack of anti-semitism without a reason . 
  under normal corcumstances they 'd rather make up the attacks or invent new and menacing forms of anti-semitism , which leads me be believe that they 're downplaying it to support the ukrainian revolution . 
  because they hate putin more than ukrainian nationalists and believe that they will manage to suppress them in favor of the more democratic pro-european part . 
  there are clocks with 24-hour dials in ukraine ? 
  there are clocks with 24-hour dials in ukraine ? 
   i mean , collateral damage is horrible , do n't get me wrong , but it comes with any military operation , and i believe the airstrikes were more than warranted and justified by events such as srebrinca . 
  the srebrenica massacre happened during the war in bosnia , not during the war in kosovo . 
  serbians in kosovo only suppressed the insurgency of terrorists from uck , who murdered serbian civilians . 
  americans bombed serbia under that pretext , because they wanted to secure their own geopolitical interests . 
  i 'm sorry for you if you believe what your governent propaganda is telling you . 
  no , they were preparing to re-conquer their breakaway province and to eliminate terrorists from u\u00c7k , who terrorized the serbian population . 
  and then american planes started bombing serbia and killing innocent civilians , all due to their geopolitical interests , which culminated with the us-sponsored declaration of kosovo 's independence . 
  moravia wants to break away from the czech republic . 
  there is a certain ( albeit small ) percentage of moravians who are serious about it . 
  i can subscribe to that . 
  a whole lot of peoples have a bad historical experience with russians . 
  nowhere does the document define the word `` racism . '', 
  do you have problems with understanding written text ? 
  you give up because you 've run out of arguments . 
  by `` liberal '' i of course do n't mean classical liberals , but your ilk - `` social liberals '' , `` american liberals '' , progressivists , green socialists , neo-marxists , multiculturalists , diversity advocates etc. 
  they can be together called the new left . 
   it kind of implies acknowledging that the concept of `` race '' is relevant to interactions between human beings . 
  not really , bro . 
  if you claimed that in my country , everyone would think youve gone crazy . 
  everyone knows race is relevant to interactions between human beings - and in the us ( or wherever the hell you 're from ) it 's doubly true . 
  the conventional definition of racism is that there are differences between races which mean some races are superior to others . 
  but this nicely illustrates how delusional you people are . 
   now define `` homosexualist '' . 
  homosexualism is the ideology , while homosexuality is the sexual deviation . 
  this word is often used here , because it was used by our former president . 
  in english-speaking countries the phrase `` gay agenda '' is used more often instead . 
  and fyi , i 've noticed your smear post in / r/circlebroke2 . 
  i 'm really not a part of any `` surreptitious group '' that would be trying to flood / r/europe . 
  what you 're seeing are just posts of normal , healthy people . 
  i think the depth of your delusion is so extreme that you 're not able to admit there really re many people who have opinions totally opposite to yours , even if you do n't know any of them personally . 
  `` racist '' is a word that has no firm definition . 
  it can be used in any way and as you know very well , it 's often used by liberals to silence their opponents . 
  he 's a chechen , fyi . 
  people who prefer to live in a multicultural society are mentally ill . 
  they 're brainwashed to the point they start believing diversity is beneficial for them and for their society , when the absolute opposite is true . 
  diversity only causes negative effects , from increase in crime to loss of social trust and rise of ethnic tensions . 
  and people who archestrate the brainwashing are the ones with the agenda - they 're extremists who believe in their liberal religion and try to spread it , while trying to sanction all opposing views by labelling them as `` racism . '', 
  czechs are n't very conservative ( the most atheist country in europe ) , they 've just kept common sense and national awareness . 
  and they know that mass immigrantion and `` cultural enrichment '' is wrong for them .
