i 'd rather say that the high rate of immigration to the us is saddening ... 
  having a german mother does n't make him a german . 
  a half-german might be the right word . 
  if he was german , he would n't succumb so easily to the jihadist propaganda , because as a mulatto he apparently felt excluded from the german society . 
  is his wife in the uk because of lenient eu labor laws and free movement , which flooded the country with eastern europeans taking advantage of the system ? 
  no , she 's there because she 's his wife . 
  she 'd be there even if the eu did n't exist . 
  that 's the important distinction here . 
  yes , that 's what they want to make of us ... a regional identity which will be a ) subordinate to the greater european identity and b ) dependent on territory , not ethnicity . 
  i have no proof ... but it 's obvious from the direction the european integration project is going . 
  their final goal is a tight federation a la usa . 
  oh they can ... they will gradually brainwash us over several generations , until the majority of us will consider themselves europeans first and will disregard their czech identity . 
   i do . 
  then you probably do n't live in the same place as me . 
  shocking . 
   we 've been at peace ever since it started ... after hundreds of years of fighting each other . 
  nobody goes to war when our economies are this integrated . 
  the peace is not a result of european integration , after ww2 the situation has generally calmed down , even developing countries attack each other very rarely . 
   how is it supposed to be dangerous ? 
  they will destroy our national identities and replace it with the constructed european identity . 
  the elites want this , so they could rule us easily and unchecked from brussels , and to easily flood the whole europe with immigrants , which will have many negative effects . 
  so with one european identity in place , everyone will be equally european regardless of ethnic identity , and ethnic identities will be suppressed . 
  our nations will disappear and will become only areas where everyone will be able to move once they will have the eu passport . 
  i do n't know anyone who would identify as european first . 
  but what can one expect in a subreddit which is heavily pro-european ? 
  i personally do n't acknowledge the european identity . 
  it 's a giant and dangerous experiment that can easily get out of hand . 
   the reason that people who take up the points you mentioned are looked at disapprovingly is because they are typically taking positions which are blatantly racist and insulting . 
  `` dey took er jerbs ! '', 
  is n't a very defensible stance to take . 
  that 's the point - the positions we hold are blatantly racist and insulting * to the left-wingers . 
  * they 're not insulting to anyone else , i think it 's perfectly valid to want your country to be ethnically pure , without any foreigners - that 's not just for the sake of being ethnically pure , it 's the basis of nationalism . 
  an ethnically homogeneous society is far better to live in and there is a higher interpersonal trust . 
  but of course , this view if extremely offensive and insulting to them - so insulting that they want to make it a taboo in the public discourse , calling it `` racism '' and `` xenophobia '' . 
  i 'm not building any strawmen , that 's how the left-wingers think and act . 
  and unfortunately , they 're very vocal , as you can see . 
  it 's more like they 're ordinary nationalists and right-wing voters , who are hated by the neo-marxist mods in various subreddits , so they 're forced to change accounts frequently . 
  that 's probably because you criticize europe from the left-wing point of view , if you dared to say that you do n't want open borders , immigrants and non-whites in your country , you 'd be banned and get death threats . 
  you 're not getting it . 
  a xenophobe is anyone who does n't bend to immigration policies of the radical left . 
  so anyone who opposes immigration is a xenophobe , including immigrants . 
  and anyone who is white and opposes immigration is in addition a racist . 
  why should they get their independence , when their country would n't be viable on its own ? 
  the elites in the eu want to balkanize europe and create as many small states as possible , to they could subjugate them easier . 
  do you really believe a country of 2 million would be able to face french or spanish aggression ? 
  the same goes for catalonia . 
  yes , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easter_customs#central_and_eastern_europe ) is some more info about it . 
  no , it 's a cultural tradition , not a religious one . 
  similar to christmas , after all . 
  on eastern monday we beat our women with a stick called * poml\u00e1zka * , as a punishment for being so annoying throughout the past year . 
  they then have to gift us with eggs , sweets and alcohol . 
  the same tradition exists in slovakia , only they also pour water on them . 
  no , we have easter traditions , such as the easter monday . 
  waszaw stole the flag of prague . 
  they always need to copy things from us , for example they also adapted the polish flag from the flag of bohemia . 
  are you serious ? 
  i do n't care if you pay taxes to m country , the only thing that 's important is if you belong to the nation . 
  anyone who doesnt is n't worth of my solidarity , which is why people are so pissed off at gypsies , who did n't deserve the citizenship and are only using is to parasite on us . 
  it 's sad that they even allow them to do this . 
  no foreigner has the right to get benefits without being a dutch citizen . 
  and no one should ever be awarded the dutch citizenship without knowing dutch . 
  but of course the reality is different , the dutch people have embraced multiculturalism and they 're trying to islamize their own nation ... 
  yes , but it 's poor and not so industrialized . 
  moreover , the donbas conurbations have far more people than lvov and the rest of western ukraine is mostly rural . 
  while western ukraine is so poor and rural there simply is n't anything to steal . 
  czech has a different level - we translate `` cows feed on grass . '', 
  we do n't need to specify `` on grass '' , because `` p\u00e1st se '' already means an act where herbivores eat grass . 
  for vampires , we say that they suck blood , not that they feed . 
  because czech '' \u017er\u00e1t '' or `` j\u00edst '' can mean only consumming solid food . 
  so as you see , it 's more complicated - though i did n't realize it until i started writing this post . 
  in czech we no longer differentiate between them , we just call them str\u00fdc and teta . 
  as far as i know , slovak differentiates between them too - they call them * str\u00fdko * and * ujo * . 
   fressen the separation of terms for human eating and animal eating also exists in czech . 
  i guess this is something common in more languages , it 's just english that uses only one word for both . 
  there is one axiom that always holds true : jews will dismiss claims of anti-semitism only when they have something to gain from it . 
  in all other cases they will always play victims . 
  so it appears obvious that they want to express their support of the ukrainian revolution this way . 
  the american jewish lobby has apparently strong interest in keeping ukraine oriented on europe instead on russia . 
  i do n't think it 's off base , when your comment basically supports my conclusions . 
  we call rape only the violent attack , not sleeping with someone without the alleged mental capacity to consent ( we do n't even have any concept of consent anyway ) . 
  does n't matter if you 're drunk or underage , it 's still not rape . 
  no , it 's used by normal americans , they use words like `` finger rape '' , `` statutory rape '' and such . 
  fortunately , we have a word for the crop . 
  it 's called '' \u0159epka '' . 
  we have no word for rape . 
  in english , rape can mean slapping a girl 's ass . 
  in czech it means just the real crime . 
  i 'm getting tired by the british , the irish , and americans commenting on there , they 're always babbling about racism for no reason . 
  stereotyping people is not racism , that 's the way americans think it is an they 've spread this way of thinking to the british isles . 
  no one in this thread is being racist , i do n't see any hateful posts . 
  if you anglo-saxons want to contribute in this subreddit , you should better adapt and turn off your politically correct radar . 
  do n't you understand the difference between an ethnic group and a country ? 
  there are also germans in the czech republic , they 're czech citizens . 
  but they 're not czechs , because czechs are an ethnic group . 
  they 're germans . 
  similarly , a pakistani remains a pakistani , even if his ancestors have lived in england for 10 generations . 
  you 're a racist , stereotyping czechs like that is pure racism according to your own logic . 
  i know where that comes from - the taboo on criticizing blacks and jews must come from somewhere . 
  did you live abroad ? 
  what i 'm saying is that there is no real democracy in the us , it 's being ruled by a narrow circle of elites and ordinary citizens do n't have any say in the process , democrats or republicans - it 's the same .
