  that 's why i prefer neighbouring alcudia , only germans and scandinavians there !, 
  * books flight to riga *, 
  from loch ness ? 
  you uh , you got a good grasp of geography ? 
  i 'm awaiting to hear back from an interview i had for 2 jobs in prague , fingers crossed !, 
  that 's american english ? 
  well y' know anything to differentiate us from english english / s, 
  got to try me a plate of europeans !, 
  cost $ 300 which i ca n't afford to spend atm . 
  i may not even need to if the vote is to stay . 
  his reply did seem a bit petulant did n't it ? 
  not particularly, 
  dual citizenship, 
  if we do leave i 'll be applying for an italian passport through ancestry almost immediately, 
  yeah maybe from heathrow , i can fly to frankfurt from edinburgh one way using ryanair , with a checked bag . 
  would cost me # 32 . 
  with ba i 'd probably have to connect through london anyway , would n't make sense to use them , when i can just fly direct . 
  british airways is stupidly expensive when compared with other european airlines . 
  would only really look to use ba if i was flying to somewhere outside europe . 
  even then , still likely to find a cheaper option . 
  so what this article is saying that the average demographic of people who want to leave the eu are old , uneducated english people ? 
  could n't agree more , i 'd do the same except instead of booting edinburgh , i 'd drop kick glasgow . 
  warmest summer everywhere bar scotland !, 
  we had a shite summer last year , barely broke 20c . 
  can only think of a handful of days that it did !, 
  if it were n't so damned difficult to get a visa , probably the us . 
  most likely however , canada , being in the commonwealth has its advantages i guess . 
  failing that i 'd happily move to germany or the netherlands , visited both many times , and each time i wonder why i ever bother leaving tbh . 
  i do n't know why they call it hoth , they should call it colth ... 
  [ david coburn ] ( http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_large/public/thumbnails/image/2015/03/14/12/coburn.jpg ) , scotland 's only ukip mep . 
  he 's not a great politician , or particularly colourful . 
  he does like to be heard like all ukip types . 
  but the main reason i 'm posting him is because he has the mannerisms and physical appearance of jabba the hutt . 
  maybe not a snap referendum , but it 's one of the ` conditions ' the scottish government say would trigger another scottish referendum . 
  seeing as a lot of no voters used the ` we 'd still be in the eu if we stay in the uk ' as a reason to vote no in the first place !, 
  we make use of a lot more eu subsidies than the english . 
  for farming , green energy projects , construction etc. 
  sticking with the green energy projects , seeing as the uk is pulling the plug on subsidies for these , eu funding will be needed more than ever for one of the biggest industries in scotland . 
  out of all the home nations , england is the only one that could benefit from an eu exit . 
  wales , northern ireland , and scotland would definitely feel the hit . 
  wish we could stay on the result of a brexit . 
  mind you i 'd put money on there being a snap scottish referendum should the uk decide to leave . 
  i went down to pay respects with some friends ( one french ) not too long ago . 
  it 's started raining heavily and put streaks down the banners , the candles remained lit . 
  the dark and rain gave it a sad and awful bleakness . 
  i honestly could n't give two shits what they ` think ' , assuming there is in fact any thought process that happens between their ears . 
  let them think what they want , shoot themselves to shit in civil wars and power struggle , until there 's one faction left and we know where to aim the big cannon . 
  as an atheist , this all infuriates me to no end , and there 's fuck all i can do . 
  what are you looking for ? 
  for me to go yes i am the same as a mass murdering manic ? 
  no of course i 'm fucking not , but we are all people , the same species , you can not escape that fact . 
  regardless of your politics or ideology , we are the same specimens of human as these fuckers that did this tonight . 
  and it 's fucking sickening . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i missed the part when they stopped being people, 
  ugh just get religion tae fuck already , the world would be a slightly better place . 
  why ? 
  just why ? 
  we 're all the fucking same , people , same species . 
  who the fuck cares what ` god ' you believe in ? 
  it 's all so pointlessly stupid . 
  on friday the 13th no less , fuck sake . 
  at this point you have to ask who did n't cheat ? 
  we should make it a thing , dedicate one day a week to a particular european country !, 
  freedom of movement is n't my only reason for staying in the eu . 
  it 's just one of the most attractive positives that remaining in the eu provides , to me anyway , to each their own . 
  see i do n't have that point of view when it comes to the eu , my family and ( very few ) friends , i do n't think about my future like that , mainly because right now my future is pretty bleak , and that 's if i stay in the uk . 
  i 've had nothing but bad luck in this country , i have absolutely no love for the uk as it stands with this anti-eu rhetoric . 
  it makes me sad that we 're becoming isolationist . 
  so the sooner i find a way off the island the better . 
  incidentally , i do n't know a single person intending on voting to leave the eu . 
  if friends or family want to live the rest of their lives here , then they 're welcome to it , but i 'm not staying in the uk . 
  and i 'm probably not going to have children unfortunately . 
  my priority in this vote is not what 's best for my country , it 's what 's best for the people that live in it . 
  however , for scotland at least , remaining in the eu will definitely benefit us . 
  and wales , and northern ireland . 
  it 's only england that could possibly survive outside the eu . 
  for the record , i 'm 25 . 
  i 'm guessing you thought i was younger . 
  ok so my joke obviously missed its mark . 
  maybe you are drax . 
  i 'm not unhappy with your response . 
  as to your question , i suppose my answer is none since i 'm not fluent in any other language other than english . 
  however i am able to stumble through dutch and french with relative ease . 
  i defy your reasoning behind learning a language neither opportunity nor incentive led me to look into dutch or french . 
  i was interested , shocking i know , i decided for no particular reason . 
  i break your mould of how you think everyone in the uk is . 
  ok so make it somewhat difficult within the eu , then remove ourselves and make it harder !? 
  why ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  the way i see it is within the eu anyone in the uk can live anywhere within the eu , regardless of background , knowledge , or skill set . 
  outside it only the select few that have access to language learning resources , and have had the luck to afford and go to university , and then are lucky enough to get a job in a multinational , and then are get an opportunity to take a job abroad within that company , can have that privilege . 
  or stay in the eu and live where you want , i 'm all about the path of least resistance . 
  again lithuania is just an example , you 're taking me literally , are you drax from guardians of the galaxy ? 
   for people with good skills , working in the netherlands or germany will likely not become difficult after leaving the eu as it 's currently not difficult at all within the eu ... what about people who do n't have a skill set worthy , but know french and would love to work in paris . 
  what 're they supposed to do ? 
  i 'd also wager that is quicker to learn another language than it would be to get a job in a multinational and then work their way up enough to be applicable for a position within the company but abroad . 
  i was using lithuania as just a random example . 
  maybe i should 've said germany or the netherlands , places with similar salaries . 
  also what 's stopping a person learning lithuanian ? 
  and to add to working for a multinational , considering how difficult that is for the average joe , the easiest way to work overseas is to stay in the eu .
