  i do have a good skill set , it 's just the ability to go ` y' know what , i fancy moving to lithuania and working there ' and you can just do it . 
  no visa , no work permit , you can just go . 
  and that alone is enough for me to want to stay in the eu . 
  i want to leave and work elsewhere in europe , there may not be many , but we do exist . 
  and i 'll be damned if i 'm going to live the rest of my life stuck on this island . 
  proportionally a higher percentage of scots are pro eu compared to the english , yes . 
  english support *, 
  went to lithuania a couple weeks ago , fantastic place , vilnius is beautiful with lots to do !, 
  definitely visit trakai castle about 40km outside vilnius , well worth the visit . 
  it 's all relative , i 'm used to uk prices , just came back from lithuania and i could n't believe how cheap things were over there !, 
  does n't russia remember afghanistan in the 80s ? 
  or the first gulf war ? 
  or the iraq war ? 
  throwing foreign military personnel and hardware at a problem does n't seem to work in this region of the world . 
  edit : the first 3 comments of this post all start with ` well , ', 
  sounds like the rail link to glasgow prestwick airport in scotland , has much less traffic than glasgow international or edinburgh airport , yet you can get a train right to the terminal in prestwick more or less . 
  so pointless . 
   and non-countries if you count scotland thems fighting words !, 
  whereas before i would n't need a visa , and the possibility to be rejected now exists . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's a step backwards . 
  all brexit will do is restrict the opportunities for brits everywhere , and make it harder to move away . 
  freedom of movement is what i care about most when it comes to the eu, 
  leaving the country , no problem . 
  staying away from it however ... 
  shame i 'll be stuck in the uk regardless of where i want to live thanks to a certain vote , fucking cunting brexit, 
  they 'll reject it at their peril , that will be seen as denying the will of the scottish people . 
  and only push support for independence up . 
  may has to call the snps bluff . 
  hey !, 
  do n't lob us lot in with the fuckwits, 
  why you have to be mad ? 
  only bits of the uk do n't want to play anymore , the eu and england/wales will have to alternate weekends for scotland and northern ireland, 
  what gave me away ? 
  they can split into as many parties as they like , still not gon na vote for a westminster based party, 
  oh i know that , a guy can hope though, 
  i hope the tory party fucking implodes , purely just to add to the shitstorm that is uk politics, 
  fucking lol mate, 
  well ... he 's not wrong, 
  see you 're not really , nobody knows what 'll happen next . 
  i do see a lock in neither side willing to budge , however , it was still a slight majority that voted to leave . 
  you may find theresa may just activating article 50 on that premise . 
  in that scenario the rest of the uk has to be prepared to lose scotland and potentially northern ireland over brexit though . 
  exactly , there 's pretty much no way to appease northern ireland and scotland . 
  seeing as article 50 wo n't be invoked until all devolved governments are happy . 
  scotland wo n't agree if freedom of movement and access to the eea is removed . 
  and i 'm pretty sure northern ireland wo n't agree if there 's a hard border between the mainland and itself . 
  the situation is already fucked before its even discussed, 
  i doubt unionist northern irish will be very happy with a hard border separating them from the british mainland, 
  we voted to stay in the eu . 
  pretty safe to say we do n't fear it no ? 
  ok then , scotland aside , if the uk leaves the eu single market , how would you solve the shitstorm that would be northern ireland ? 
  any resolution found there would be more than applicable to scotland . 
  i 'm not so sure scotland would be blocked from the uk market , considering how many of the uks assets we have up here . 
  such as trident , a third of europe 's renewable energy capability , most of the uk 's oil ( as devalued as it is ) , and a moderate number of financial services such as rbs headquarters in edinburgh and the like . 
  and if we 're to believe theresa may , if ireland can have access to northern ireland ( and therefore the rest of the uk ) with no problems post brexit . 
  i do n't see why an independent scotland would have any problems , without creating a double standard . 
  edit : typing on a mobile keyboard, 
  i 'm willing to bet that if the brexit deal does n't have freedom of movement or access to the eea then the trend will shift toward independence . 
  also this is just one poll , let 's wait for the next few before making a judgement . 
  stv released a poll today showing a slight bump for independence . 
  still anyone 's guess really . 
  ironically dictating that we ca n't have one will only fuel the fire for independence . 
   theresa may has suggested that she wo n't activate article 50 until scotland supports it . 
  which will never happen , as our red line is freedom of movement . 
  and seeing as that will be given up , scotland will never support a brexit . 
  there 's also to consider the political suicide it would be for the snp to support brexit . 
  honestly , it 's not a question of if scotland holds another referendum , it 's really a matter of when . 
  good , give the bumbling buffon hell for us france, 
  little england ftfy, 
  they chose the falkirk wheel over edinburgh castle !, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  if anything it 's about getting a one up on the eu referendum result should it be brexit . 
  i will say though i do think it makes the likelihood scottish independence greater . 
  this is n't about scottish independence , but to keep scotland in the eu . 
  though i appreciate how you can see the two are related . 
  deleted my original post about this as it was behind a paywall, 
  albeit they 're predictions but i 'll just leave this [ here ] ( http://oilprice.com/latest-energy-news/world-news/rothman-oil-prices-to-surge-to-over-85-by-end-of-2016.html ) not that we 'd base the whole scottish economy on oil anyway . 
  at best , it should be treated as a bonus . 
  to uk bye ~ ~ love ~ ~ from scotland, 
  this [ link ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm ) sort of explains it . 
  but essentially scotland will have to make a promise to join the euro at some point . 
  does n't mean we have to immediately , see sweden , the czech republic , poland , croatia , hungary , etc as examples . 
  all eu members , and all do n't use the euro . 
  wo n't be using the euro , and i honestly have no problems with schengen , it 's just the southerners that have an issue with it , and well they decide the rules so ... something something eat my cereal, 
  well i personally am looking the upcoming scottish referendum , should this poll be accurate . 
  hey i 'd rather brussels/strasbourg , than a full on unleashed , unhindered westminster under tory rule . 
  we do n't know do we , i 'm just showing how both secessionist sides do n't care about the economic consequences . 
  and should a brexit happen , i ca n't wait to show up the hypocrisy if the no side on the subsequent scottish referendum use the economic argument . 
  not necessarily , i value eu membership more than scottish independence . 
  and my country ( unfortunately ) voted no . 
  so in light of us not having another scottish referendum on the horizon ( for the time being ) i 'm voting remain . 
  and the yes side could turn around and say ` now who 's fault is that then ? 
  the british government for taking us out in the first place , this is the price we 're paying for being attached to the uk yada yada ' . 
  this is all guess work though , let 's see what happens june 23rd . 
  and just hope we 're still in the eu . 
  ah so by that rational , scottish independence makes perfect sense ? 
  you do n't have to join the euro , you just need to make a promise to do so at some point in the future , see the czech republic , poland , sweden etc. 
  as examples . 
  and as for border controls , honestly could n't give a damn . 
  england will have brought this isolationism on itself .
