what you 've said is that because they are physically different that makes them unequal . 
  i could just as easily say the same thing about anyone on earth for example `` bavarians and scots are different , therefore that makes them unequal '' . 
  see how little sense that makes ? 
  the only thing that makes them different are the cultural differences , and that certainly does n't make them unequal . 
  we 're not numbers , you ca n't just apply clear cut lines like that in real life . 
  because clear cut lines do not exist in the real world . 
  as for what equality is there , every single little thing in a heterosexual relationship is the equal to a homosexual one . 
  the feelings the couple have for each other , the activities they do together , the love they make , the arguments , the making each other happy . 
  its all the same , all of it . 
  and i do n't * think * , i * know * they are morally equal . 
  seriously , you 're logic is a tad frightening . 
  and thats putting it lightly . 
  i 'm aware of the physical difference . 
  and what about that difference makes them unequal ? 
  apart from the fact that they are different ( which coincidentally is n't a reason to make them unequal ), 
  explain to me how they are ` obviously ' not the same . 
  ( grabs popcorn ), 
   if it 's exactly the same thing , what exactly is it that homosexualist activists are trying to achieve ? 
  make it even more of an exactly the same thing ? 
  well i know , and hopefully you know that they are the same . 
  they 're not trying to make gay marriage more of an exactly same thing . 
  they are trying to prove to governments and people that there is nothing wrong with being gay . 
  that its not a sin , that its not an illegal act , that its not a disease etc. 
  and that it does not deserve the segregation from heterosexual marriage that it receives in parts of the world . 
  my claim makes perfect sense . 
   i do n't believe in equality or rights wow , i know now i ca n't convince you to my way of thinking, 
  holy shit , you sure are right, 
  can i not just outsmart and apply logic to the infected area ? 
  is it ... is it terminal ? 
   it 's clearly not `` exactly the same thing '' i mean the physical act of marriage , no matter what your sexual orientation , getting married or ` unioned ' is exactly the same thing . 
  how are they not ? 
  it 's like you buying a bottle of water , and me filling a bottle from the tap , and then you tell me they 're not the same . 
  it 's all just water ... 
  the only thing that makes them separate are the governments and the people that chose to go against it . 
   no two people have ever been or will ever be equal wow , how very ` animal farm ' of you . 
  `` all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others '', 
  how does keeping it separate when it 's exactly the same thing benefit him in anyway ? 
  are you saying rights and equality for gay people are not meaningful concepts ? 
  because he accuses people of being nazis , those that are supporting and fighting for rights and equality that he himself will benefit from . 
  it 's like he relishes the homophobia and prejudice that the anti-gay crowd have . 
  it makes no sense . 
  coburn is pretty shit at being gay also apparently i 'm a nazi, 
  well i did n't personally vote to stay in , but we 'll glaze over that . 
  i 'm not saying it will get as petty ( it definitely has the ability to though ) as the situation in spain . 
  but i do n't see westminster letting us hold another referendum within 10 years after a brexit . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  i 'm just predicting what i believe will happen if there is a brexit . 
  that is how highly i think of westminster . 
  yes i 'm aware . 
  david cameron has also been quoted saying that it 's been settled for a generation too . 
  that 's why i do n't see westminster allowing us to have another scottish referendum , post a no eu vote . 
  thereby taking the madrid approach . 
  will westminster not block a referendum though ? 
  my thoughts exactly ( brilliant username btw ) however i see westminster taking a madrid approach to scotland . 
  they seem pretty adamant to have settled the scotland question for a ` generation ' . 
  that 's not what i was asking , i mean if scotland is the only home nation to vote in favour of the eu , but because of the population difference , it 'll be completely ignored . 
  what then ? 
  that 's hardly fair on a few million people , which is n't something westminster ca n't just sweep away . 
  right , and when scotland votes to stay in , but everywhere else votes out ? 
  what then ? 
  i assume your highlighting nicola sturgeon 's comments yesterday , i have to agree with her . 
  how else will you show westminster actually gives a damn about scotland , by taking into consideration it 's views ( and wales and northern ireland ) . 
  where did i say that ` the eu is the world ' ? 
  that 's a stupid statement for anyone to make . 
  nope , it 's a public pass time up here, 
  you 're right , but i 'm sick and tired of hearing all this anti-eu shite , especially when it 's something that i love about living here . 
  and to think that we may not be part of it really depresses and scares me , i dislike the isolationist view that seems to be growing by the hour . 
  and there 's bugger all i can do about it if this vote goes against my wishes . 
  but hey that 's democracy , where you 're told what 's best for you by others , even though it is n't . 
  i meant scotland as a whole country , not specifically those polled in scotland . 
  during the eu elections only 10 % of the population that voted in scotland were for ukip, 
  oh no , people who vote to leave the eu in scotland are just as much wank-shafts as anywhere else . 
  except scotland will vote in favour of the eu ( assuming we get to vote ) . 
  yeah about 10 % of the population in scotland are euroskeptic , which is a hell of a lot less than the percentage in england and as a whole number . 
  and as such , you never really hear them up here . 
  but all we get beamed to our tv screens is about how badly southerners dislike the eu . 
  as for our ukip mep , he 's a loud mouthed moron that actually lives in kensington last i checked . 
  i think he 's spent longer in london than he has in scotland . 
  hence why i do n't live in london . 
  though that 's not an issue caused by the eu , the house prices , gp appointment wait times etc. 
  thats westminsters blind attitude of centralise fucking everything in london , which has made it super crowded and unable to cope with the mass of population that lives there . 
  if everything was spread out equally across the country then those problems would be relieved somewhat . 
  i 'd rather not tar everyone with the same brush , that 's just where this eu decision is going to be made . 
  i genuinely have no problem with the english , i have a lot of english friends , but c'mon you guys are seriously being retarded with this anti-eu stance because of immigration . 
  we have some cheek to complain in this country , germany has a higher immigration rate than we do !, 
  and you do n't see them having a hissy fit, 
  thank fuck for the lib dems, 
  just like to point out that up here in scotland we still like you guys and are more in favour of the eu . 
  direct your anti-uk comments to the wank-shafts in southern england, 
  vaguely , i live in milngavie , and even we are n't that posh sounding, 
  alec baldwin can be ready at a moments notice, 
  yes , quite, 
  still game, 
  famous last words, 
  i think we still have europe 's largest windfarm in ayrshire , could be doing more though !, 
  it 'd be interesting to see what would happen if you split the uk up into its 4 nations . 
  i have a feeling scotland would be several shades of blue darker . 
  hate to say to no voters i told you so, 
  probably not automatically , but that 's what the 2 year negotiation period is for , before we actually declare independence in 2016 . 
  too close to call at the moment,
