  us up here we 're moving further left . 
  ah yes the auld alliance with the french . 
  perhaps you 're right , though this anti-eu sentiment we 're being forced to adopt by the english really annoys us pro-eu folk in scotland . 
  how did ukip finish in scotland again ? 
  stone dead 4th ? 
  yeah , yeah they had a good day though . 
  it may rise but it 'll still be behind the support it has in england and wales . 
  hopefully it wo n't be an issue come september 18th . 
  only 3 % of the voting population in scotland voted ukip in the european elections . 
  they 've got a hell of a long way to go . 
  it really is , both countries are on opposite sides of the political spectrum . 
  one reason why i 'm pro-scottish independence, 
  dear rest of europe , help us please !, 
  much love , scotland, 
  i do n't know about the rest of the uk but i myself feel very european , and i always associate myself with that fact . 
  though that could just be isolated to us up here in scotland due to our overall more pro-eu stance than the rest of the uk . 
  then i apologise , you have n't contributed to the problem, 
  well that depends , did you vote ukip ? 
  bags already packed ... ps fuck off, 
  more so than the rest of the uk for sure , there are figures somewhere showing scotland is more pro-eu than other areas of the uk , it 's 1:30 am will find them when i 'm more awake and stop sulking over tonight 's results, 
  countries should n't be that self-centred , what 's the point of having an international community if you 're only looking out for yourself ? 
  i really hope this is just a protest vote to get reform ( which i agree some does need to occur ) to be implemented . 
  i 'm physically disgusted a borderline fascist , xenophobic , regressive , party that is ukip got a scottish mep tonight . 
  i used to take pride in knowing and telling my european friends that scotland was a pro-eu beacon of light in an increasingly anti-eu rest of the uk . 
  but now that 's gone ... 
  i think you took my image a little bit too literally there , what i 'm trying to say is that a lot of us ( and i like to think the majority ) thought very highly of the eu . 
  so much so we minted a celebratory 50p coin . 
  lets hope they do diminish, 
  you and me both, 
  please not all of us are arrogant and stubborn , lots of us still want to be in the eu , 
  so leave the biggest free trade zone on the globe with the hopes of perhaps building a free trade zone with other nations who may or may not want to . 
  yeah that makes sense ... how is it not xenophobic to have billboards all over the country saying thousand of romanians and bulgarians are coming to take your jobs . 
  which is clearly not happening !, 
  that is the definition of xenophobia !, 
  i 'm sorry , you are entitled to your opinion , but ukip are a step backwards politically . 
  unfortunately a federal uk could never work unless scotland , wales , and northern ireland 's populations are inflated by moving people from england to other areas . 
  or if not , possibly the creation of a northern england assembly to balance out southern england . 
  otherwise it would be incredibly unfair for england . 
  i 'm sorry i just do n't see ukip as a progressive party . 
  how is shying away from the eu anything other than regressive ? 
  and ukip may claim to ` not ' be racist , but they are certainly xenophobic . 
  and i personally do n't believe that xenophobia should be allowed in modern politics . 
  that and until recently ukips scottish manifesto wanted to close the scottish parliament ... 
  they conveniently changed that . 
  fair enough , i 'll just substitute my link with the links tuttle_not_buttle posted . 
  i just do n't see scotland voting for ukip . 
  i like to think i live in a more progressive country . 
  that and i voted in glasgow on thursday . 
  and everyone was talking about snp this , labour that , and pleasantly surprising i heard a lot of talk about people voting green . 
  i do n't think i know a single person that voted ukip . 
  the figures i 'm using say the snp will get 3 meps http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/2015guide/scotland-european-candidates-2014/, 
  i left out the tories at 15.5 % , ukip will not get a seat in scotland . 
  scotland : snp probably at 31 % , there may be an encroaching of ukippers ( 10.5 % ) . 
  but i do n't think ukip will get an mep in scotland . 
  second place will probably be taken by labour at 24.5 % . 
  will hopefully show other parts of the eu that bits of the uk still are wanting to stay in the eu !, 
  edit - figures, 
  if us scots have learned anything from 1979 , when thatchers government shafted us after promises being made if we abandoned an independence campaign we 'd get powers for scotland , and got sweet fuck all . 
  we need the new powers guaranteed in stone before we throw away independence . 
  which we 'll never get set in stone because it 's westminster . 
  sorry westminster but it 's still a yes to independence for me, 
  and thus wales 's master plan is revealed ... 
  so no different than it is just now ? 
  `` in scotland we have mixed feelings about global warming , because we will get to sit on the mountains and watch the english drown '' - frankie boyle, 
  one can dream, 
  that we 're english, 
  it 's every self respecting pro scottish independence supporters daily routine !, 
  right , but do you agree that the uk wo n't be able to influence the rest of europe whilst outside the union ? 
  why the hell would other countries in the eu give a damn about what we think when we no longer contribute to the eu . 
  at least whilst we 're still in , our opinion is heard , and we can push for reforms if we really want them , whilst at the same time reaping the benefits that the eu brings . 
  and i 'm thinking more specifically to scotland here , most of our country is used for agriculture , which receives huge subsidies from the eu , what will happen to scotland 's economy then ? 
  or exporting of goods , the eu is our biggest importer of good made in scotland , we receive billions of # s from those exports , surely they will suffer with an increase of exporting costs to the continent in the form of duty prices . 
  and let 's hope we do n't decide to leave the freedom of movement treaty , scotland and the uk relies on a lot of tourism which again will probably take a hit , something we do n't need in this economic climate . 
  edit : more points, 
  that 's what i think , the uk as it is punches way above it 's weight on the world stage , why oh why would people want to diminish that ? 
  a vote out of the eu will do exactly that !, 
  also i 'm looking at the end game here , as a whole , the eu is one of the largest and most influential economies in the world . 
  euroskepticism is not the solution , it 's a step backwards , further integration to hopefully some time down the road we can all forget out petty differences and rid ourselves of power hungry politicians , to hopefully form a united states of europe . 
  if we vote out , the uk will find itself a minnow in a sea of whales . 
  let me rephrase , london could probably survive outside the eu , since y' know all they care about there is where their next suit is coming from . 
  whereas the rest of the uk would sink and suffer and i 'm sorry , but i do n't want to live in a scotland or a uk outside the eu, 
  well i hope that they do n't or ever do , because out of the eu will be the beginning of the end for uk and potentially scotland, 
  because historically scots en masse do n't vote for right of centre / right wing parties , especially ones like ukip . 
  also see ukips track record in scotland , is not exactly what you 'd call successful ... or even existent for that matter, 
  i do actually , and i 'm pretty confident that there wo n't be any ukip meps from scotland, 
  now now , the last time you guys tried to make us part of england , william wallace sacked york . 
  mind you all we could do now is probably increase the risk of heart disease in york, 
  the day scotland votes a ukip anything is the day i move to the continent, 
  sometimes i despair that pro-eu scotland is part of britain, 
  fuckin try it ya ruski bastards much love , scotland, 
  mhm , yep , i see ... ok . alright someone want to pin putin down whilst i apply the straight-jacket ? 
  not by force , it 's not ok for russia to be doing what it 's doing . 
  i love how ballsy poland is acting compared to the rest of europe . 
  showing the rest of us up !, 
  edit : bloody autocorrect, 
  very true , but with the whole world watching , and with what russia has done already , it 'll be hard for russia to claim provocation . 
  well that 's that then is n't it ? 
  war ... another war in europe is probably going to start tomorrow . 
  putin , you fucking suck . 
  and if you do attack ukraine tomorrow , i hope the west bares down on you like a tonne of fucking bricks,
