  it 's not 1939 anymore , with modern technology , social media , and the press in the area , whoever starts this war will be easily and definitively identified . 
  i would be surprised if the russians could fake a ukrainian assault successfully, 
  i 'd like to point out that scotland finished third last time , ahead of france and ireland , so i hope our time as outsiders is coming to an end !, 
  to be fair , if there was an independent scotland you 'd find a new eu state with the intention of closer integration with the rest of europe . 
  unlike the uk 's current stance ( which i as a ` brit ' detest ) of separation . 
  hold two degrees in it related fields , so maybe a software engineer ? 
  as am i , to be fair to the uk its only really the south east that is insular , xenophobic , and anti eu . 
  however what the south east wants , the south east gets, 
  may not have to move in an independent scotland , our government is pro eu, 
  anywhere that 'll have me , and where i can learn the language fairly easily, 
  this is why i want to move to the continent, 
  as a brit ( scottish ) who is a europhile , this makes me feel embarrassed for the uk , and it saddens me of our close neighbours opinion of this country and the opinion brits have of the eu . 
  hopefully next years scottish referendum will halt my beloved scotland from being dragged kicking and screaming with the rest of the uk out of the eu . 
  milngavie , scotland - the start of the west highland way, 
  if camping and walking is your thing then i strongly suggest scotland 's west highland way , starts in my home town of milngavie and meanders all the way up to fort william . 
  the scenery is spectacular and there are plenty of cultural places to visit and camping areas . 
  plus once in fort william you could have a crack at walking up the tallest mountain in scotland ( and the uk for that matter ) , ben nevis . 
  hope that sparks some inspiration !, 
  not any definitive evidence , but [ this ] ( http://www.thecourier.co.uk/news/scotland/protesters-say-farage-clash-was-anti-racist-not-anti-english-1.94481 ) article claims that ...  it later emerged that one of the protesters , who was arrested for allegedly pouring a drink over a ukip member , is english so there was probably a few there , that and i 've seen some of the videos , when farage gets to say his piece and he calls the crowd ` anti-english ' they all go mental at him for suggesting it ... 
   who intimidated him were `` fascist scum '' and `` filled with total and utter hatred of the english '' . 
  farage does realise that some of the protestors were in fact english ? 
  doubt all you want , let me quote some ridiculousness ... ` repeal the 1998 human rights act and withdraw from the european convention on human rights and fundamental freedoms ' ` spend an extra 40 % on defence annually ' ` withdraw from the political eu superstate ' ` repeal the uk 's climate change act ' ` stop funding the un 's international panel on climate change ' ` ban schools from using global warming propaganda such as al gore 's film ` an incon - venient truth ' ( that 's not authoritarian whatsoever ) ( edit : sarcasm ) ` retain devolved national assemblies but replace the representatives with westminster mps from the same nation . 
  the 129 scottish msps , 60 welsh ams and ( in time ) 108 northern irish mlas would be replaced with their westminster mps ' ( that one i strongly disagree with ) ` end the active promotion of the doctrine of multiculturalism ' ` scrap the misconceived human rights act ' ` scrap the nonsensical target of making 50 % of school leavers go to university ' ( why should n't everyone get the chance to excel academically ? ), 
  ` sceptical stance on man-made global warming claims ' ( i got to admit that one made me laugh ) ` oppose wind farms in general ' ` banning the burqa or veiled niqab in public buildings and certain private buildings ' ( why ca n't people have the freedom to express their own religion ? ), 
  ` ukip supports designated smoking rooms in pubs , clubs and public buildings ' ( ok this is a step backwards ) i could go on ... 
  if that 's your prerogative , i just think it 's a sad day for the uk when xenophobic , homophobic , and the generally racist party that is ukip is gaining traction . 
  and if you 're wondering where my evidence for that is ... just look at their manifesto, 
  frankly i felt like i had to apologise , i 'm embarrassed that a country scotland is currently in union with voted in nutters like those in ukip . 
  what 's pathetic about that ? 
  the eu does n't want us to leave , i do n't want us to leave , it will be the end of uk influence in europe . 
  it 's suicidal . 
  so get off your fucking morality high horse , and actually look at the implications of what 's happening south of the border and tell me you like what you see, 
  you 're mistaking xenophobia with anglophobia , and no i do n't fear or hate the english . 
  i realise those that vote for ukip are in a minority . 
  what i do hate is westminster, 
  sorry , if the uk were told hold an eu referendum the majority of scots would vote to stay in the eu , therefore rejecting an eu referendum, 
  well if scotland were to break away , then the rest of the uk will remain to be so , just without scotland . 
  so it would be the united kingdom of england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  the rest of the uk would n't suddenly cease to exist . 
  as for ukip they 're not in power as the governing party of the uk , nor do i think or hope they will ever be . 
  but yes if they were in power they would want the uk out of the eu , just look at their mental manifesto [ here ] ( http://www.ukip.org/media/pdf/ukipmanifesto1304a.pdf ) . 
  mind you , the tories are planning on holding an [ eu referendum ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-camerons-eu-referendum-bolsters-support-for-membership-8515761.html ) in the next few years after the next uk general election . 
  if at that point scotland votes no , and remains in the uk , we could be potentially dragged out of the eu kicking and screaming with the rest of the uk . 
  scotland has always been [ more in favour ] ( http://scotgoespop.blogspot.co.uk/2013/03/further-evidence-that-scotland-is-more.html?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=feed:+scotgoespop+ ( scot + goes + pop ! ) ), 
  of eu membership than the rest of the uk . 
  it has widely been said that an independent scotland would aim to rejoin the eu after splitting from the uk , which should n't be a problem since scotland already meets most if not all the criteria for eu membership , i for one support that idea of an independent scotland in the eu . 
  as for my opinion , i would like to see an independent scotland , i believe edinburgh should run all of our affairs internally and internationally rather than some of them , and the rest run by london . 
  london does n't always have scotland 's main interests at heart , ie . 
  the scots would reject an eu referendum and politically scotland is more of a left leaning country , compared to england who as we have seen today , is increasingly favouring rightist parties ( tories and ukip ) . 
  and scotland has to live with it , we almost never vote for right of centre parties into government . 
  see [ here ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/election2010/results/ ) all the reds and yellows are leftist parties , the blues are the tories , note how scotland ( bar one area ) is a sea of yellow and red . 
  do me a favour and stop believing everything * the sun newspaper * prints, 
  could n't agree more mate, 
  do i have to point out that xenophobia means a fear of all foreigners ? 
  and i do n't see it anywhere on that flyer about england , just westminster , which they are pointing out that we should n't be ruled by westminster , which last time i checked had english , scots , welsh and nirish mps . 
  the flyer has nothing against england ... just westminster, 
  i understand that some of these votes are out of protest , but the ones that are serious ... do they genuinely believe banning gay marriage as a good thing ? 
  ukip certainly think so . 
  did i miss that bit where the working class suddenly became that homophobic ? 
  ukip also want to centralise all the governments again , goodbye scottish parliament . 
  halt all renewable energy schemes because climate change does n't exist ( the more you know ) , scrap the smoking ban for fuck sake . 
  i 'm sorry but anyone who genuinely thinks voting for this party is a ` good ' idea ... i honestly begin to question the logic of people down south, 
  not true , how very narrow minded of you . 
  note how the snp were voted into power because they are the best party for scotland at the moment . 
  and before you use the scottish independence card , the snp were voted in whilst support for independence was/is still around a third . 
  their other policies got them voted in . 
  plus this is a vicious cycle mate , scottish xenophobic to the english you say ? 
  english xenophobic to the europeans . 
  we 're just as bad as each other, 
  love how apt your username is, 
  there 's a rosy future for us all : /, 
  the ` uk leaves the eu ' referendum ? 
  hopefully it 'll never be voted for . 
  but in the scenario that scotland remains in the uk and the uk votes out of the eu ... i 'm moving to mainland europe to stay with all the sensible people . 
  as far as i 'm concerned last one out the uk turn off the lights . 
  as a scot , let me be the first to apologise to the rest of europe for england having more xenophobic cunts than i thought ... edit-delicious delicious downvotes, 
  in scotland we call our neighbours to the south wankers ( do n't worry not you wales ) i jest we call them the bloody english, 
  also before the irish clans arrived we had native people 's called the picts . 
  can anyone enlighten me how pictland was renamed scotland ? 
  except to keep up with the times they should reword it to ` britannia waives the rules ', 
  it 's mental to think that the ussr was more or less gone a year later . 
  also the year i was born , missed the cold war by that much . 
  but hey we 're heading towards a new one !, 
  i 'll get my cold war fix yet !, 
  scotland, 
  gives a whole new meaning to ` coming and going ', 
  london is severely skewing the rest of the uk, 
  also my favourite language !, 
  a dutch friend of mine once told me trying to learn dutch is a bit like trying to teach a drunk german how to speak english, 
  thems fightin words, 
  whichever you prefer , we 're still getting pumped !, 
  cocks - england , 
  compared to the mass of the wind/air around it , a plane is a grain of sand being blown around, 
  scotland checking in here , 14c , there 's a heatwave ? 
  i tried doing that too , it jobs in amsterdam , so far have n't found anyone that 'll hire me , got close once but i had to have already moved there . 
  excuse me guys ... i think i left the oven on ... in salzburg ... 
  take that farage !, 
  ` in scotland we have mixed feelings about global warming , because we will get to sit on the mountains and watch the english drown ' - frankie boyle, 
  yep , i have a feeling that a brexit would be the only thing that would force the scottish parliaments hand , and call another referendum for scotland . 
  england may not bat an eyelid without eu grants and subsidies .
