  but scotland sure would feel it . 
   you europeans you are aware that we are european too ? 
  well you 'll have the majority of yes voters falling behind the snp , whereas the no voters are split amongst the 3 other big parties in scotland and maybe even some no voters falling behind the snp . 
  so this makes it easier for the snp to gain a majority in each scottish constituency and therefore seats in westminster . 
  you say orkney and shetland . 
  so if only one returns a lib dem mp , will you still eat the deep fried mars bar ? 
  voting for the snp , the only party that genuinely gives a crap about scotland , and the only party that will strive to make scotland better , as well as reforming our political system uk wide and being anti-austerity uk wide . 
  they 're also pro-eu which is a nice added bonus , 
  i think you 'll find in scotland it 's ` big hairy walloper ', 
  [ upvote ] ( http://reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/upvote_christian_bale.gif ), 
  build a bridge to the netherlands , would that count ? 
  how about stop pandering to the ( minority or majority ? ), 
  ignorant americans and stay true to the story ? 
  true story : walking home from a night out in glasgow at around 3/4am , almost get run over by a large convoy of military trucks like those in the video going right through the city centre . 
  only the next day did i realise in a news report later in the morning that i was almost run over by a couple of nukes !, 
  i wonder if the people of glasgow know just how close they do get to us when being moved to and from faslane ( which i think is entirely too close to glasgow anyway ! ), 
  it 's a bit unnerving to me personally . 
  then fibre definitely should be available to myself , i live at the edge of milngavie, 
  how far north ? 
  i 'm 20/25 mins by train away from the city centre , and we do n't have access to fibre yet, 
  the eu average is 29.5 mb/s !? 
  shitting hell , i only get 3.5 to 4mb/s just north of glasgow , if everyone on my street is asleep !, 
  maybe it 's because i 've lived here my whole life , but i too find the uk pretty damn boring . 
  `` in scotland we have mixed feelings about global warming , because we will get to sit on the mountains and watch the english drown '' - frankie boyle, 
  netherlands or germany , and if we 're going outside europe , canada . 
  i have actually tried to learn both german and dutch before , and have the basics for both , so if i revisited them i 'd probably pick it up quickly . 
  especially dutch , it 's crazy how alike bits of dutch are to english . 
  til ... 
  bits of it were no ? 
  did n't the fins make life extremely difficult for the soviets during ww2 ? 
  i mean yeah bits of finland were occupied , but the soviets incurred huge loses compared to the fins . 
  edit : facts, 
  good luck with finland too i 'd say ... 
  they have a large technology office in the city that deals with in house systems and applications . 
  it does n't necessarily deal with their financial operations . 
  there are a good number of tech firms set up in glasgow , jp morgen springs to mind , ey , bt , cgi , to name another few . 
  how did you get to that conclusion ? 
  glasgow, 
  i have experience in lots of programming languages , however i 'm only good at a handful , mostly html and css . 
  i can design websites and applications too ( hci and interaction design mostly ) . 
  i can build and maintain databases , and can use sql . 
  i have also been taught how to design , plan , and manage projects . 
  i do understand information systems , my degree title is technically bsc information systems development . 
  i have signed up for recruitment sites , indeed , total jobs , itjobsboard , s1jobs , graduateland , linkedin , cv library , cw-jobs , the list goes on . 
  all i get from these sites are emails saying ` here 's a job that may interest you ' and 9 times out of 10 i 'm no where near qualified for it . 
  and so far with every job i 've applied to through them i 've been rejected . 
  so forgive me for not having faith in recruitment agencies . 
  oh i do n't expect people to ` speak english anyway ' if i successfully get a job in a non-english speaking country , i aim to learn the language . 
  i 've thought about where i 'd go , i 've made sure i would go to places i have friends and contacts , of which i have both of in the netherlands , germany , and canada . 
  nothing fluent , which makes makes it difficult i know , but there are lots of english speaking jobs abroad , i 've had a handful of unsuccessful interviews actually in both germany and the netherlands . 
  why is it odd ? 
  i 'm looking all over scotland mostly , glasgow , edinburgh , aberdeen , etc. 
  not a fan of london , got ta be honest , great place to visit , but i do n't want to live there . 
  i 'm looking at canada , huge it sector there , and easy-ish to get a visa . 
  short of that , probably continental europe , germany or the netherlands most likely . 
  exactly , i 've applied to absolutely everything under the sun i feel i 'm qualified for , even beige boring it support desk jobs . 
  and i 've gotten zip . 
  i do n't have a recruitment consultant , ca n't afford such luxuries . 
  i 've re-written my cv more times than i can count . 
  genuinely no faith in finding a job here since i graduated in 2013 , which is why i 'm intending on jumping ship first chance i get . 
  it , honours degree and postgrad diploma . 
  if everything is so good here then why can i still not find a job in my degree field ? 
  edit : downvotes on all my comments ? 
  i 'm not exactly lying or being a dick here , just saying what i 'm experiencing . 
  unfortunately for westminster it 's a lose lose scenario here . 
  labour form a coalition with the tories and any remaining labour support in scotland will evaporate for getting into bed with the tories , and we will feel under-represented as per , fuelling the independence movement in scotland further . 
  labour form a coalition with the snp , devolution continues , the snp achieve ( hopefully ) what they want for scotland . 
  probably push for another referendum since they will sway real influence in westminster . 
  long story short either way hastens scotland leaving the uk at some point in the future ( within 25 years as an estimate ) . 
  it 's seems the pattern with what other nations think is that they know exactly what 45 % of us want . 
  ballsy bulgarian, 
  britannia waives the rules !, 
  shit . 
  what because i do n't hold the same views and opinions as you ? 
  that makes me misguided and pathetic ? 
  go on then guide me , how should i view my ` britishness ' ? 
  did i say i dislike the uk ? 
  no did i say i do n't respect the uk ? 
  also no i bet you the fact we live on the same island alone makes your skin crawl . 
  thanks to a two year work visa , i 'm being chucked off to canada anyway !, 
  pretty much my conclusion as well . 
  probably why i identify as scottish . 
  i know right ? 
  i should be deported for liking the french alone !, 
  to me being british does n't really mean that much unfortunately . 
  i 'm grateful for the passport , and how openly accepted it is . 
  but i do n't identify as british when people ask , always scottish , and even european . 
  i do see myself having more in common with the continent than this island . 
  some views which do n't really agree with british ones . 
  for example , i 'm a left winger , and the majority of the country is hard conservative . 
  or conservative with a small ` c ' . 
  i 'm pro ever closer union , but britain is now permanently excluded from that , tories gon na tory . 
  i 'm not terrified about immigration . 
  i 'm pro indy scotland , and we all know how that went . 
  i 'm anti trident . 
  i like the french , prefer continental beer , and i despise tea . 
  i 'm not even that fond of london , perhaps that last one is n't very controversial !, 
  edit : more to the list, 
  then that 's what ... uh ... the netherlands is for !, 
  mallorca does have british hotspots in it , say pollenca , ca n't go 2 seconds without hearing an english accent there .
