  we do n't ( as a country ) really have any problem with the queen or the royal family . 
  i personally could live with or without them , i do n't mind that they 're there , and i would n't mind if tomorrow they disappeared . 
  it 's entirely possible once independent , we could hold a monarchy or republic referendum . 
  still be part of the commonwealth , queeny will still be head of state, 
  we 'll always be good neighbours regardless , 
  all of ukip, 
  that would be extreme pettiness from the uk government to do that . 
  as for spain , it 's not our fault that the spanish government is n't handling the situation there very well , scotland should n't have to suffer as a result . 
  also let 's not forget , scotland has oil , and there 's not a chance in hell that the eu would let scotland stay out for long . 
  should the uk and spain veto , i imagine pressure will be applied by the rest of the member states on spain and the uk to let us in . 
  well i ca n't comment on the other regions wanting independence . 
  however for scotland we want to be an active member of the eu when we 're independent . 
  and if we vote no we could find ourselves in a uk independent of the eu ( brexit ) . 
  so the most secure way of scotland remaining in the eu is breaking away in the uk , this will hopefully solidify our place in the eu . 
  oh i 'm aware of canada , i aim to live there for a while at some point in my life , 
  i was being hypothetical , assuming we do vote yes  however there 's some interesting chatter about the tns poll released tonight at midnight . 
  apparently it 's ` sensational ' . 
  that would be the final insult to the english , a german king on the throne of an independent scotland . 
  would that even be allowed to work through direct succession with the current royal family ? 
  we also would have to dissolve the union of the crowns i imagine , which is an even older union than the 1707 act of union !, 
  that it does , and ? 
  not saying it 's not in the cards in the future , but i do n't think an independent scotland will want it straight away after the breaking away from ruk . 
  the snp have already said too that the queen will remain head of state after a yes vote anyway . 
  we will probably hold another republic or monarchy referendum down the road after a yes vote . 
  after independence the queen will still be the head of state in the kingdom of scotland . 
  some of these newspapers are literally retarded . 
  we 're not becoming a republic any time soon . 
  it 's just one poll , i 'm quietly optimistic , but i 'm trying to not get my hopes up too high, 
  that is low , maybe it 's all down to the registration location , the cars i see with the the european flag on the plates tend to have been all registered in scotland . 
  though in saying that my neighbours across the road are english , and their cars have been registered outside scotland and they have eu flags on their plates ... 
  i opted out of plates that said gb for ones that say sco , 
  you say that , but i 'm looking out my window in a suburb of glasgow and out of the 8 cars i can see , 7 of them have the eu flag on the plates . 
  i actually see a lot of them these days . 
  definitely portland , oregon . 
  spent 3 weeks there in march into april . 
  had such a good time . 
  also went to seattle , and all over washington state , that would be my second choice . 
  damn i miss the pacific north west, 
  welcome to scotland !, 
  we 're like wales but with less ` u 's and ` y 's in the words, 
  view from my bedroom in milngavie , 10 minutes north of glasgow , scotland http://m.imgur.com/phadyh5, 
  how d'you think i feel at 5/48 , two of which are edinburgh castle and the british museum , so they do n't really count . 
  my app said it failed to post , and it only shows one of my replies, 
  not a clue !, 
  nobody lives in them anymore , and aesthetically most of them are horrendous . 
  we 've nicknamed them commie blocks . 
  haha it is quite a small subway , in terms of train size and the size of the network , two opposite flowing circles . 
  really could 've done with bigger trains during the recent commonwealth games . 
  it was ridiculously cramped !, 
  yeah they are , due to be demolished pretty soon i think . 
  as are a lot of glasgow 's tower blocks . 
  and who can forget scotland 's tallest towers the [ bluevale and whitevale towers ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/--asyannik7o/uiy28rphrbi/aaaaaaaaids/nzc8iz9d0by/s1600/forge+shopping+centre.+bluevale+flats.jpg ) ... 
  in fact can we forget them ? 
  they 're horrendous, 
  i 'm pretty sure the 7th one is just photoshop clouds !, 
  came here to see if glasgow made the cut , was not disappointed . 
  except britannia no longer rules the waves . 
  more like britannia waives the rules . 
  what areas would you suggest ? 
  as a young 20 something i figured staying near or in the city centre would be best . 
  anywheres got to be cheaper than london though right ? 
  that 's why i 'm still up here in glasgow , because london is n't worth it to me personally . 
  i 'm a fan of the dutch too , i love the people , the culture , and the cities . 
  i 'm currently trying to move there for a while actually !, 
  most likely amsterdam . 
  so anyone with some inside tips would be awesome , 
  definitely unchallenged , if cameron does decide action is needed i will support that decision to the hill . 
  this coming from a pro-indy scot too . 
  what has happened is a horrific black mark in human history , and i really feel for our dutch friends across the channel . 
  i have nothing constructive to add ... all i can say is hear hear, 
  yeah cameron spoke to pm rutte , pm abbott ( australia ) , and obama yesterday, 
  did anyone 's ` cold war culmination ' sense just tingle ? 
  i 've seen a few orange marches , can confirm they all look like that . 
  they 're pretty much unanimously hated by all scots that are n't involved . 
  if i could rid scotland of two things , it would be our lower life expectancy , and orange marches . 
  the really makes me want to learn dutch or danish to reciprocate, 
  i 'm not blaming the english , i 'm just saying the anti-eu sentiment is stronger with the english . 
  if i had to assign blame it would be to the media . 
  giving us nothing blanket ukip coverage for 2-3 weeks . 
  and pumping through the airwaves and papers straight into our homes and shops . 
  i 'm not anti-english , that would make me no better than ukip , quite the opposite . 
  i 'm anti-tory/anything that 's right of centre and beyond . 
  except you know , we give back more than we take from westminster . 
  jealously is a cruel mistress though , not scotland 's fault the nhs down south is slowly being privatised and your young people have to pay for university tuition . 
  you really are the kind of englishman that makes us scots hate being in this ` united kingdom ' . 
  is that really how you see scotland ? 
  as a thing , an item that is owned by westminster ? 
  as a place purely for storing unnecessary nuclear weapons ? 
  just try storing them anywhere else in england or wales , you 'll get a massive outcry from the local population telling the military to kindly ` go fuck themselves ' . 
  how does it make it more likely ? 
  seriously , all you 're saying is because all the ukippers in scotland has showed up to vote , that 's means we 're more likely to vote no ? 
  i 'm willing to bet every ukipper scotland has probably showed up for the european elections to make their point , much like the rest of the uk . 
  meaning that 's probably a realistic figure of the actual total amount of ukippers in scotland . 
  all it proves is supporters for the other parties did n't really bother to show up and vote . 
  all we needed was another 0.6 % of scotland voting population to show up and vote snp and ukip would have never got a seat . 
  as annoying as this is , it just shows that when people actually give a damn . 
  in say a general election , ukip does n't stand a chance in scotland . 
  so no matter what ever you say , you will never convince me that ukip are a force in scotland . 
  until they show actual ground in scotland , i will concede . 
  but english and scottish political allegiances could n't be further apart , you guys are heading toward xenophobic right wingers .
