  well i mean i 'm making gravy over this because he made it apparent that we will only stay in a reformed europe so if he fails on that he will either campaign for brexit or push people to vote out, 
  because women deserve more protection than men . 
  men are fighters , women serve the country in other ways . 
   your country 's case might not be similar to this one . 
  i see the similarities , miscreants protesting a rightist government who may not be the loveliest but has a long term view of what 's best for the country i 'm from south africa, 
   that what communist regime used to do broken clock is right twice a day . 
  fwiw , once my native land ( i 'm not a native briton ) stopped cracking down on internal dissent it went to shit, 
  if i ran the government i would break up the protests, 
  they were given a mandate to put through policies , they are making fulfilling the mandate easier by getting rid of the obstacles fair play to them i say, 
  no what i am saying is that the people protesting are angry that the party they do n't like is in power and acting on the mandate they were given, 
  i do n't speak european, 
  they 're mad because democracy did n't go their way and they got outvoted, 
  ok , we would love to, 
  this is a very vice title, 
  he 's totally useless, 
    secondly if you ca n't answer the question because your politics make it impossible , change your politics . 
  you 'd turn britain into ukraine , that 's your business . 
  do n't expect anyone to go to bat for your ignorance . 
  give me one situation where we would be ukraine i 'm waiting, 
  it is a problem but that 's the reality of the situation, 
  i guess everyone with the last name o'malley , o'connor is n't english ( so 2/3 of liverpool ? 
  ) , english is a civic identity , it helps if you 're from western european descent by the way i 'm a white immigrant with partial english blood , i 'm south african . 
  the fact that the men are asian and the girls are white is irrelevant, 
  not if they have divergent interests something is n't `` out dated '' simply because you say it is . 
   i 'm giving you a worst-case scenario based on the continued growth of two superpowers leading to the destruction of the nation that you moved to and your answer is `` well , it 's not worth thinking about . '', 
  you 're giving me a nonsense situation where two growing superpowers who we are friends with is a bad thing . 
  give me a realistic worst case scenario - not a `` what if the aliens from from alien 2 land in basingstoke '' bs scenario . 
  give me a play by play bru, 
  predatory men and vulnerable girls . 
  you just sound ridiculous saying it the way you 're saying it, 
  i want that background music to listen to when i 'm driving so retro, 
   you inability to reconcile long-term critical planning with your own politics is your own cross to bear , not mine . 
  if you ca n't answer the issues posed by a situation , that means you lack the answers . 
  i 'm simply asking you to give me a plausible situation - like how you could give me a plausible situation about how turkey 's sovereignty could be threatened , or estonia , or spain . 
  you can not  did you have a stroke and think we were both american for a second ? 
  i do n't even get what you 're saying ? 
  and i 'm asking you for a plausible situation ( not what if china decides it wants england because that 's like what if swans emerge from my anus . . ) where the uk would be threatened by unfounded offensive action ? 
   regressive nationalism why do n't you just say you want to abolish britain ? 
  okay . 
  you seem to be mighty upset by my posts . 
   haha , wow . 
  wow what ? 
  scotland is a nation , the uk is a country . 
  that 's the difference . 
  european examples - catalonia is a nation , spain is a country . 
  flanders is a nation , spain is a country . 
   allow me to state out loud the persona i 've adopted for this gimmick account . '', 
  bru what read my posts i speak in my language and everything lol, 
  what kind of answer do you want . 
  eu army or not if the chinese and indians decided to invade europe we would all die anyhow from nuclear war . 
  we are a tiny country with no natural resources besides some disused coal mines and the singing talents of wales . 
  we have no strategic value , no one is offensively attacking us bar jihadists which is an internal problem as they 'll likely be british jihadists . 
  that 's not a sensible scenario mate . 
  china and india are n't invading us . 
  that is why we have a nuclear deterrent because mad ... do you even history ? 
  half my posts are in afrikaans because you know that 's my native language and i kind of miss communicating in it . 
  i am a real human being and a british citizen since my birth . 
  ukraine does n't have a nuclear deterrent and we are n't surrounded by hostile nations with unsettled territorial claims like them, 
  self determination means controlling within your own nation . 
  all we need is trade links with others we do n't need to rule the waves anymore . 
  the issue is settled for a generation . 
  once we leave the eu i would be okay with an independent scotland and would probably move up there because an independent scotland would be much more anti-nato and republican than england . 
  that 's my dream britain , a republic , out of nato , out of the eu , out of northern ireland, 
  scotland is a region of the uk , not a seperate country . 
  an eu army is a big leap to a nation of europe . 
  as for `` the union '' it 's a ridiculous concept . 
  why should we fight as a team i think my country does too much anyway i 'm disgusted that we are fighting in syria ostensibly because * france * was attacked not us . 
  but here is the thing our countries have divergent interests so why should we fight as a united force ? 
  also a soldiers loyalty is to his homeland if i was a british solider i would not be willing to fight or die for an italian or pole etc as my brother in arms screw that, 
  i do n't get how it would benefit us . 
  also look at the polls , support for that is low . 
  if we stay in this odious organisation called europe it will be a reformed one not a closer union . 
  nobody would join our forces to fight for brussels, 
  the majority of britons would n't accept it either i guarantee that, 
  i would n't ever accept an eu army, 
   maybe we can finally get our unified eu military at some point . 
  over my dead body it will just be france and britain with some others for show because every other european country has about 5 soldiers, 
  everyone messes around with their mates at university . 
  now everyone stand up if you hate the poor . 
  one hundred years does n't make shit smell better it just means you got used to the smell, 
  you implied that i was an offended russkie, 
   jesus , even the americans did n't bitch this much when we gave them shit for the bush administration 's nonsense . 
  you made it like i was russian - i turned my flair on yes . 
  check my history i 'm a british-south african ( i do n't know which one to put first ), 
  you do realise i 'm british not russian right, 
  [ this is seizure inducing finger paintings ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/4c/les_demoiselles_d%27avignon.jpg/741px-les_demoiselles_d%27avignon.jpg ) not art . 
  some of his stuff from the early years is okay ( blue period mostly ) but afterwards it 's total kak that people only pretend to like because it 's the edgy and avant garde thing . 
  you absolutely make a choice to follow a religion . 
  do n't be a paternalist , they make a choice . 
  i bet you know plenty of ex christians, 
  you choose to follow it . 
  it 's not a racial qualification like being jewish or black it 's a set of ideas . 
  i feel bad for the greek people having their country swamped in such a way . 
  that 's all . 
  i wish someone could put an end to it . 
  i see , my question is - does n't greece already have one of the biggest naval forces in europe ? 
  instead of an eu coast guard maybe the eu should give greece more money to up operations with its own forces ? 
  is this because of the greco turkish animosity ? 
  abortion is a touchy issue as many people believe you 're dealing with another life being ended . 
  those were battles for legal equality and they 've been won already,
