  i live in england ukraine is not my problem . 
  yes i support full british withdrawal from nato under article 13 . 
  and the answer to that is `` no it 's not '' when i still lived in za i hated driving through jhb to get to my relatives in pretoria even now when i fly home i pay extra to avoid ~ ~ jan smuts ~ ~ or tambo airport and go directly into cape town, 
   the fl\u00fcchtningkrise in germany is getting a breather - but it will keep on rising come spring . 
  i believe germany can bear the brunt of another million next year - but the point of no return will be dangerously close . 
  complete mess , german people should n't have to shoulder that burden no european country should, 
  * only 100k ... * my god , what a world we live in, 
  if you type in `` luton is . . '' on google the first sentence finisher is `` a dump '', 
  i mean luton has real issues and is a bit of a festering pit of despair but it 's just odd to me that an american would pull the name luton out like that to go on their whole dae eurabia tangent - london maybe birmingham maybe but how in the world does someone outside of the south of england know a damn thing about luton ? 
  that armenian woman made me sad to look at because i can guess what happened but a few years later to her, 
  what does an american know about luton, 
  but the united states banned communists from immigration for decades ... communism is an ideology , islam is a religion but religion is just an ideology with some more fervour, 
  honestly that looks like something someone trying to frame the fn would do, 
  but pis were democratically elected, 
  this is the most provocative and antidemocratic thing i have ever heard from a western leader . 
  will there be international brigades ? 
  i 'm down, 
  we are doing that to ourselves by funding and aiding nonexistent moderates in syria . 
  maybe we should n't get entangled in these alliances ? 
  what ? 
  you 're assuming a war is happening and that we are going nuclear - it 's not happening mate . 
  stop watching fox , the reds are n't coming to get you you dunce, 
  if russia nukes the continent , they would be commuting suicide ... 
  ye , i like my religion with a side of brimstone thank you very much . 
  not really religious but i was raised dutch reformed and it stuck with me . 
  i always thought church was about religion, 
  i do n't see why we would get sanctioned for legally invoking article 13 of the nato treaty :  after the treaty has been in force for twenty years , any party may cease to be a party one year after its notice of denunciation has been given to the government of the united states of america , which will inform the governments of the other parties of the deposit of each notice of denunciation . 
  labour advocated it for years and now that corbyn 's in charge he will be okay with that . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not an anglican . 
  ca n't watch your video but i will say that we have a deterrent so nobody who is apocalyptic will touch us . 
  no , a church is supposed to preach the bible which is n't a feel good book at all unless you selectively read the sermon on the mount, 
   despite russia declaring war on austria-hungary for declaring war on serbia , germany was still bound to declare war on them , and the french and english were then bound to declare on germany . 
  similarly , the chinese would be bound to declare war on the usa for declaring war on north korea , and the rest of nato would be bound to declare war on china , and russia would then be bound to declare war on the rest of nato . 
  world war 1 , another war we should n't have got involved in ... it led to the greatest humanitarian catastrophe in modern history . 
   not relevant to whether or not britain is under threat from russia , you do n't . 
    good joke . 
  i advocate british withdrawal from nato . 
  i do n't like corbyn much but i would vote for him just for that . 
   the chain i illustrated is real . 
  unless you believe north korea is less likely than soviet russia to attack a nato-aligned country , the threat of global thermonuclear war is greater now than it used to be . 
  dprk is all talk , they make threats to get food aid . 
  also , if they attacked * japan * that 's between them , japan and america . 
   you do n't have a choice . 
  russia , on the other hand , has to estimate whether every nuclear nato power is willing to have all their alliances be worth less than the paper they 're written on , or else strike first as soon as turkey invokes the treaty , to prevent getting bombed to oblivion while scarcely getting a shot off . 
  then the uk ( or probably just their boss , the us ) has to decide whether they are indeed going to try to stay neutral and show itself as a paper tiger . 
  i do have a choice . 
  turkey is a terrible ally , they fund terror across the world . 
  my country should not be in an alliance with them . 
  yes exactly . 
  there is n't any `` good countries '' just `` good people '' . 
  the inhabitants of the land define how good it is , and i realise that the uk is so amazing because of brits , so i want to be a part of that . 
   when i see how the uk has constantly been aligned on the us foreign policy over the past two decades i wonder if we use the same definition of individualist , sovereign or independent . 
  we have diverged from them several times , and they 're much more compatible with us than the continent culturally speaking . 
   seriously i think that your post reeks british exceptionalism , the reality i am afraid is very much different : the european union is a challenge for every single european nations . 
  we are no better , just different . 
   every single country of europe has a past history of strong nationalism sentiment . 
  and all the stuff you mentioned are also felt across europe . 
  but the other european nations are forced by fate of geography to have a connection to each other . 
  i will be frank - there is no connection between us and italy or slovakia , and i do n't feel any solidarity with them more than i do with korea . 
   the difference being , some countries are ready to put these basic - almost animal - instinct on the side to focus on building a greater entity . 
  for what though ? 
  there is a lot of cost with not much gain  others , namely uk politicians , prefer to manipulate their people into believing that they completely lost their sovereignty when they actually get dictated their policy from a certain country across the atlantic ( hint : this is neither mexico nor canada ) . 
  we have the freedom to make those decisions though , within the eu we are bound by regulations and the decisions legally . 
   do n't get me wrong , eurosceptics all over europe are guilty of this . 
  the uk is just an example of how effective their rethoric is . 
  so everything besides european federalism is propaganda ? 
  lmao, 
  probably , but so is everyone . 
  i think mlp is more culturally biased as in she wants there to be one uniform french identity and most muslims and blacks do n't or ca n't confirm to that but some can and do . 
   you 're in nato . 
  unfortunately  north korea nukes japan ( they 're nuts ) . 
  japan invades north korea ( retaliation ) . 
  china declares war on japan ( defensive pact ) . 
  usa declares war on china ( defensive pact ) . 
  russia declares war on usa ( treaty of friendship ) . 
  britain declares war on russia ( nato ) . 
  russia nukes britain ( reduce military strength ) . 
  if this did n't happen during the cold war it 's not happening . 
   or a turkish fighter flies over the georgian-russian border . 
  russia recognises different borders than nato and shoots down the plane for violating their airspace , and turkey invokes nato because according to them the claim is invalid . 
  so i should go to war for a country like turkey that causes chaos and terror and is just as dictatorial ? 
  church of england is now more of a feel good social club than a church, 
  she may be a bit of a racist but so are most people tbh , i think they know that in reality she poses no threat to them though . 
  she 's not hitler . 
  many people immigrate somewhere because they actually like the culture and the civilisation so they want to see it preserved . 
  i came to britain from cape town because i no longer liked what south africa was but i did like britain . 
  i think it 's a profound cultural difference , we are incredibly more individualist than the continent which leans more collectivist culturally . 
  we value independence much more i think , and that translates into how we view our country . 
  we are much less apt to feel `` solidarity '' and instead want to do our own thing . 
  you can see that in british history , we said no to the catholic church basically as soon as it did n't go our way for instance lol . 
  maybe that 's because we are an island and until very recently never saw ourselves as `` europe '' even now when we talk about the eu we talk about `` europe '' because in most british minds it 's something totally separate from us . 
  i do n't think you understand , as long as money in rolling in and we are happy here then i do n't care . 
  i 'm a big isolationist and protectionist . 
  africa is never going to be able to outgun or do anything hostile to western europe , neither are the arab states, 
  i 'm mixed on labour , i agree with their internal policies and most of their foreign policy but they 're pro-eu and pro-mass immigration and i 'm not . 
  taking pride in the actions of your nation is perfectly normal , it 's abnormal not to love your history and be happy and proud of those that came before you . 
  i 'm british and south african , i take pride in all the things that made the uk the world 's premier power , i take pride in afrikaner history , there is a direct line from that to me . 
  you 're german ( going by your flag ) so i understand you 've been taught that any pride or national identity is evil , and that you should hate yourself because of world war 2 but thankfully most of the nation 's of the world do n't feel that way . 
  most of greece 's debt to germany should be forgiven .
