  germany was the biggest debtor of the last century and much of its debt was written off , and it turned into a superpower . 
  the greeks should not pay . 
  yes ... you 're paranoid most of my posts are in r/ukpolitics and r/southafrica i 'm just asking ? 
  i 'm sorry that you 're a paranoid eastern european angry that some people have divergent opinions, 
  most of my posts do not pertain to russia lol . 
  answer the question ? 
  how is russia a threat to my country ? 
  it 's not but people still live in red terror days for some reason . 
  good . 
   that 's fair enough - but why ? 
  what is the reasoning behind your position ? 
  eurosceptics love to throw around sovereignty as a justification , but why is it necessary at the national level if policy can be coordinated at the union level ? 
  because my country may have different interests , wants and needs that contradict with the interests of say germany or poland . 
   identities and cultures wo n't merge , it 's only a matter of political , ** economic , and monetary harmonisation . 
  ** and we saw how well that worked with greece . 
  it 's unwise to try and merge divergent economies . 
   if europe does n't stand as one united major power on the global scale , it will soon be dwarfed by the usa , china , india , etc. 
  and lose its economic relevance who says we * need * to be a super power ? 
  why ca n't we just trade with other nations , and cooperate with different people and focus on our internal matters ? 
  we do n't need to be alpha dog . 
   we want to avoid europa et cetera at all costs , and this is currently being achieved by a mix of europa mercatus , nostrum , and progressio . 
  the eu is stagnating , it 's the only stagnant trade bloc !, 
  some european economies will do well and some will flounder on . 
  frankly as much as i like europe i 'm much more worried about developing a good future for us in britain , not carrying portugal for instance . 
  yeah lol - it 's like my half indian friend here that voted for ukip and a few of our mates freaked out, 
  for me it 's not even an argument of effiency and inefficiency . 
  i want a europe of nations , of different identities and cultures that cooperate but stay seperate . 
  for me it 's important for different countries to ultimately be sovereign . 
   and i am sorry to burst your bubble , but the uk actually consumes more alcohol per capita then macedonia . 
  i 'm sure we do . 
   you also have a bigger chance to be mugged or assaulted in the uk , as it says in the above report . 
  well , look at britain 's demography ... btw , i 'm an immigrant to the uk so you do n't have the same affect saying this . 
  there are many images cultivated of brits abroad , but the main image of balkans people is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ), 
   with the eu already becoming an `` ever closer union '' and heading towards full on federalisation ( which is fantastic ) , there we 're going to have to disagree - but maybe it 's different on the continent . 
  i have my british passport and i 'm voting to leave europe lol . 
  i bet he was satisfied with his vote . 
  i like people like him , if you want to live in france be french !, 
  i immigrated to the uk and i make a conscious effort to be as english as possible !, 
  oh do n't be obtuse, 
  i agree . 
  britain should be closer with russia and less so with the saudis or america . 
  we should leave nato . 
  i would vote for labour ( corbyn , livingstone , mcdonnell ) if it were n't for their immigration policies . 
  unilateral disarming, 
  trump is a capitalist , the fn definitely is n't . 
  it 's not just stereotypes i 've met people from the balkans , for me it 's like trying to imagine a finnish gangsta it does n't seem right in my brain . 
  ** if paywalled : **  ` shock ' was the one-word headline on the front of monday 's le figaro . 
  france was bracing itself for a swing to the right in sunday 's regional elections , but few imagined it would be quite as dramatic . 
  marine le pen 's front national ( fn ) polled nearly 30 per cent of the vote in the first round of voting , ahead of nicolas sarkozy 's centre-right les r\u00e9publicains and the ruling socialist party , who trailed in third with 23 per cent . 
  as it stands , the fn are on course to take control of six regions after sunday 's second round , although the predictions are they will triumph in no more than three due to tactical voting . 
    among those who voted for the fn are a small but increasing number of muslims who see no conflict between their religion and the party 's fierce opposition to islamism . 
  marine le pen -- a far smarter operator than her anti-semitic father , jean-marie , whom she had expelled from the fn earlier this year -- has been courting the muslim vote since she became party leader in january 2011 . 
  in her victory speech on sunday night she called for the french people ` of all origins ' to vote for the fn in the second round and ` turn their back on the political class that deceives them ' . 
  the message that marine le pen has sought to convey is that her party is n't opposed to muslims but to what she has described as the ` progressive islamisation of our country ' . 
  it 's a message that is winning her votes in the most unlikely of places . 
    in september mohamed boudia posted on social media a selfie of himself and le pen , an act for which he was threatened with death , and which served to reinforce his own belief that the islamic extremists must be rooted out . 
  while the majority of france 's estimated 4.5 million muslims want to lead peaceful , integrated lives ( only 2.1 m are said to have declared their faith ) , there are hundreds , possibly thousands , of extremists . 
    opposing them are muslims like boudia , some of whom have started a facebook page called ` we are muslims and proud to vote for marine le pen ` . 
  another person is karim ouchikh , an administrator for rassemblement bleu marine , a political organisation affiliated to the fn . 
  his parents were berbers from northern algeria who arrived in france in the early 1960s and abandoned their language and their customs to immerse themselves in the new culture . 
  the problem now , he says , ` is that since then a huge number of foreigners have arrived and formed enclaves ' . 
  in an interview with le point magazine in october , ouchikh explained that he turned to the front national because he was dismayed at the rising number of young muslim men adopting the dress and beards of the ultra-conservative salafists , people he describes as ` provocateurs ' . 
    socialist mp malek boutih , himself of algerian extraction , has another theory for the steady trickle of muslims supporting the fn . 
  ` it 's a case of the last to arrive closing the door , ' he told le point . 
  ` some children of immigrants imagine that to be truly french , they must be a little racist and pick on foreigners . '   while this may have an element of truth to it , boutih 's governing socialist party has also helped drive some french muslims into the arms of marine le pen . 
  firstly , their legalisation of same-sex marriage in 2013 angered many muslims , and the leader of the fn has promised she will repeal the law if she becomes president in 2017 . 
  then there is the unemployment , crime and drug gangs that blight many of france 's more deprived suburbs , turning some into virtual no-go areas for police , and leaving many law-abiding muslims feeling trapped and abandoned . 
    according to jean-louis merle , a local community worker in seine-saint-denis -- the scene of the bloody shootout last month between the security forces and the gang of the paris attacks mastermind abdelhamid abaaoud -- a number of elderly residents in the muslim community there have thrown in their lot with the fn . 
  ` at first i thought they were being ironic , ' said merle in an interview with le parisien . 
  ` but no , they 're serious . 
  they 've had enough of the noise and the insecurity . 
  ten years ago these type of comments would have been unimaginable . '   speaking before the attacks of 13 november , malek boutih describedseine-saint-denis as ` impenetrable ' for le pen , and while the socialists came first in seine-saint-denis in sunday 's first round of voting , the fn 's share of the vote ( 54,000 votes in total ) , increased from 12 percent in the 2010 regional elections to 20 percent . 
  in the 2012 presidential election it was estimated by ifop , an international polling firm , that 4 percent of muslims in france voted for marine le pen . 
  in 2014 , a confidential report conducted by an association of trade unions at the time of the council elections found that 8 percent of its muslim members had voted for the fn . 
  one of the shocks of this particular election was the fn 's victory in a tough district of marseille with a predominantly north african population . 
  asked by the media why they had voted for the fn , the residents gave two reasons : rising crime and an unemployment rate of 30 percent . 
    boutih knows better than most why more and more muslims are turning to the front national . 
  in an interview last month with le figaro , he explained that in february this year he was commissioned by the prime minister , manuel valls , to examine the radicalisation of young french muslims . 
  the report he presented , g\u00e9n\u00e9ration radicale , proved unpalatable to his fellow socialists , who dismissed its findings at a meeting at the party 's headquarters in july . 
  summoned to address the party 's inner circle , boutih subsequently told le figaro . 
  ` i produced a speech on the emergence of the violence , i 'm therefore going against the tide [ of socialist opinion ] . 
  i became an embarrassment . 
  everything was done for me to disappear from political life . '   the failure of both francois hollande 's and nicolas sarkozy 's governments to tackle islamic extremism in france has left many muslims feeling abandoned by the traditional politicians . 
  in late october paris 's daily tabloid , le parisien , visited seine-saint-denis to see what headway the fn was making in its bid to attract disillusioned voters . 
  those who talked did so on the condition of anonymity but what they said was illuminating . 
  ` i want to see marine le pen in the elysee , ' said one person . 
  ` hollande , sarko , they 're clones . 
  the fn are the only ones to be firm . ' similarly , a woman called nabila said she intended to vote for the fn . 
  ` she [ marine le pen ] is not like her father . 
  she 's not 100 percent racist . 
  i 'm muslim but i do n't find it normal that there are so many illegal immigrants coming . 
  the left , the right , they 've never changed anything . 
  so why not her ? '   the majority of muslims have traditionally voted for the socialists and while most would never dream of turning to the front national , many are so disillusioned with the ruling party that they are abstaining . 
  prime minister manuel valls has this week called on them to vote but his message is struggling to be heard . 
  as one young muslim voter explained : ` it 's not that i 'm disengaged ... i just do n't see the point of going to vote if i do n't find anything in what any of the parties are proposing . ', 
  i know that , but balkans people come off as very masculine and tough to me . 
  the kind of people who drink liquor straight and sneer a lot . 
  it 's hard for me to imagine them drinking herbal tea and going to art galleries lol . 
  i 'm having a very hard time imagining serbian hipsters . 
  it 's not happening .
