  i love women and believe they 're equal humans but do n't like modern feminism which is too focused on whining about mansplaining and manspreading and other kak, 
  [ the right to property is a human right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_to_property ), 
  it 's not art it 's an assault on the eyes with no talent, 
   forced mass immigration with the intent of making natives a minority is genocide . 
  so is what is going on in england a genocide by your logic ? 
   i mean , you guys abandoned the rhodesians , does n't that make you hypocrites ? 
  rhodesians were strategically valuable but they saw us as inferior dutchmen so there was no love lost . 
   unfortunately , no one will stand up for the boers because people here actually think sa is a beautiful `` rainbow nation '' and that mandela was the second coming of christ . 
  it is n't and i do everything i can to change that perception . 
  i 'm an advocate of the new voortrekker movement where thousands of us will move to namibia which is less tense with its minorities and is only 2m people total compared to our 4,5 m so if a third of us go we could basically take the country . 
  it 's gaining steam, 
  because the right to own property is an inherent right, 
   he is a conceptual artist and art theoretician . 
  so ... a cartoonist, 
  completely value-less with no effort or talent required . 
  it 's like saying shit smells objectively bad , sure some freaks like the smell but that 's about it . 
  some things are objectively terrible like minimalism , dadaism and anything by marc chagal , picasso or piet mondriaan, 
   because the people of eastern europe were n't subjected to genocide by the soviets ? 
  why do you think the baltic states have large russian minorities ? 
  immigration is n't genocide lol  you would think an afrikaner would see the parallels of what the british did to the boer republics ( oppressed british minority eh ? 
  ) and what russia has done in places like chechnya , and why that makes eastern europeans fear for their sovereignty , and why they need nato . 
  i 'm half soutie , and the english were n't oppressed in south africa , resented yes but not oppressed . 
  chechnya was and is actually part of russia and they crushed an islamist insurgency , that 's like saying if fucking birmingham started an insurgency britain would be wrong to crush it you fight for your own sovereignty . 
  nobody helped us and we built the jewel of africa , the western world never helped us in the 70s and 80s either when we were being attacked internally and externally ( accept for israel , and thatcher and the ulster loyalists ) and nobody speaks up for us and helps us now when they are trying to destroy our language and institutions like stellenbosch or afrikaans schools in the transvaal and the vrystaat and literally turning a blind eye to farm murders . 
  when the western powers intervene somehow there i will totally be okay with whatever but otherwise it 's hypocritical . 
   what exactly is `` disputed '' about the baltics and caucuses ? 
  the russians want a poke at them  like the boers did , and lost ? 
  why are n't you in orania fighting for afrikaner independence m8 ? 
  [ lost ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blood_river ) or are you talking about the second boer war ? 
  yeh concentration camps are really funny ... orania is n't `` fighting '' for anything . 
  it 's a settlement that afrikaners hope to grow ( and it 's growing - rapidly both from migration and gigantic birth rates ) and make up the majority in the region to get autonomy eventually . 
  if something ever broke out in za i would be back there quicker than you could say andries pretorius . 
  i love it !, 
  government should support beautiful art that enriches the atmosphere of the country and stimulates the mind not nonsense paint splatters, 
  to a whole bunch of empires over the centuries . 
  they just got their countries back and they do n't want to share . 
   that 's odd , because last time i checked the un security council actually supported the nato intervention in afghanistan . 
  more like your wmd hunt in iraq  i do n't think you understand the point of nato . 
  they will never have to defend latvia from invasion because no one will invade a nato country . 
  most member states , like spain , do n't even come close to the `` suggested '' military budget of 2 % gdp . 
  nato made sense for the core western europe - but expanding into disputed zones like the baltics or the caucuses that we really have no business in is just poking the bear for no reason . 
  i do n't think these countries are worth my tax to defend if they want to secure their independence they should fight for themselves , like the irish did . 
  essentially , yes . 
  for them it 's all benefits for countries with actual militaries it 's nothing but trouble to support american illegal wars and be contractually bound to defend states with no strategic value like latvia, 
  i 'm not a native briton so i do n't know if i can fall into that strict definition . 
  such a ridiculous thing for you to say it 's more like they know what it 's like to lose your nation to foreigners and they do n't want it to happen again . 
  they want a home of their own, 
   some good communist people all my whats ? 
  i like an expanded social state - but anyone who advocates communism ; basically abolition of private ownership - is by definition a shitty person, 
  [ mccarran internal security act 1950 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mccarran_internal_security_act )  the act ** required communist organizations to register with the united states attorney general and established the subversive activities control board to investigate persons suspected of engaging in subversive activities ** or otherwise promoting the establishment of a `` totalitarian dictatorship , '' either fascist or communist . 
  ** members of these groups could not become citizens and in some cases were prevented from entering ** or leaving the country . 
  oh , i thought that the genocide was after the war as revenge for siding with turkey 's enemies, 
  that exists in every european city mate it 's just odd that luton was brought up, 
  as someone who has lived in scotland , no they are n't, 
  what i am saying is that since she was in the land that became turkey , would n't she have been affected by the genocide ? 
  did n't all those people in anatolia simply just become part of turkey and then the genocide happened post ww1 ? 
   you could try going to south africa and changing the government there , though . 
  when the shtf there i will be on my way back . 
  [ well i like them quite a bit . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyw01p1ytkc ), 
   if anything he 'd support ultra-conservative groups works for me . 
  if we get more fn 's ( putin funded ) i am happy . 
  i only vote left because of economic and foreign policy issues elsewhere i am right wing, 
  i live in england - english, 
  corbyn is doing fine , the nulabour red tories are becoming irrelevant , and to all those questions - yes , not our issue . 
  i 'm also an out voter , british not european . 
  better to let the russians have the slavs so they wo n't flood into england anymore anyhow  as for insurgents - only works in slavic countries . 
  it 's not like he is funding a communist revolution like in soviet days . 
  does it pose a direct threat to my country ? 
  he would n't get west of germany because us and france have decent militaries and a nuclear deterrent, 
   you 're an idiot because you support a man that is responsible for the murder of all 298 passengers and crew of mh17 . 
  most of whom where citizens of the netherlands . 
  i simply do n't care . 
  it 's not my problem . 
  i have some affections for the netherlands because that 's the land of my heritage ( south african born ) but not enough to lose any fluid in my tear ducts . 
  did he kill brits ? 
   as to why you should care as a brit : well , your countrymen generally do n't want to leave nato , and if putin is free to run rough-shod over ukraine , nato will move to stop him when he eventually turns his eyes on the baltics , and then you 'll be pulled into a war . 
  so we should care because we were idiotic enough to expand into useless countries to poke the bear ? 
  also , corbyn wants to leave nato - and he might win next ge hopefully  appeasement does n't work . 
  just ask ol' neville . 
  you 've got to slap the dictator 's nose like you would a disobedient dog , so he does n't get to big for his britches . 
  another foreign war that we should n't have been involved in that was caused by another foreign war that we got involved in through stupid entanglements . 
   godwin 's law , of course , but when putin is basically plagiarizing hitler to argue for action in crimea/ukraine , it ai n't hard . 
  ( in this situation , crimea = austria and donetsk/ukraine = sudetenland/czechoslovakia ) . 
  lmao, 
   imagine if you 'd been on that plane . 
  would 've sucked . 
   people think `` malaysia airlines -- musta been asians '' only uninformed dunces  but there were europeans coming out of the netherlands on that flight , so ? 
  i 'm an afrikaner and a british citizen , ukrainians are n't really my problem . 
   murdered by incompetent russians who wanted to play with their new toy and assumed it was a ukrainian jet flying by . 
  maybe do n't fly over conflict zones ? 
  also it being the russians is unconfirmed and is basically a `` jet fuel does n't melt steel beams '' theory, 
  as is this sub apparently . 
  i would wager that luton is mostly british just not indigenous british and they have a lot of problems but it is total faux news bullshit usually whenever americans talk about england, 
  taliban or the catalan liberation front ? 
  exactly - entering nato is only trouble, 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  i had this conversation yesterday with someone , how does `` russian aggression '' in the east affect the uk - the only reason is that we are in outdated nato and expanded it to states that have no value at all . 
  because i 'm a british citizen, 
  ethnic seperatism supported by russia is not the same as an invasion and frankly who cares ?
