a lot of people seem to think that crime and welfare spending increases with immigration it does . 
  i think its not like you say that people think it \u00b4 s censored but that the media spinns everthing into a good light . 
  for example i read an article in an austrian newspaper today that had the headline : `` austrians commit three time as many rapes as foreigners '' . 
  that makes about as much sense as saying for example : chinese commit 10000 times more rapes than austrians . 
  they know it \u00b4 s wrong to say something like that but they do it anyway because they want to spinn it in a good light to promote more immigration and multiculturalism . 
  and understandably people get pissed more and more if the media thinks they can fool people like that . 
   go back in time o-ok . 
  sweden no !, 
  [ maybe at this border ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4dpyofgx3k ), 
  you think if a situation like in idomeni developes at the austrian border sp\u00f6 / \u00f6vp will stand their ground and keep them out ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i would trust fp\u00f6 a lot more with protecting our borders than the current government . 
  are you from s\u00fcdtirol ? 
  you sure as hell use the same narrative as derstandard . 
  austrians dont vote right wing because the center party government is a copy of the right wing . 
  they vote right wing because the center parties had an open door policy for one year that led to almost daily newspaper articles on rapes , molestation and violent crimes commited by the people that came here on the premise of beeing prosecuted . 
  the fact that even the eu admitted that 60 % are not refugees but migrants is a big deal aswell . 
  plus we have a record unemplloyment at the moment . 
  people dont see the point in letting in masses and masses of people that often have no desire to be a part of this society and almost certainly ( 2/3 of afghans cant read or write in their own language ) will never financially contribute anything . 
   just immigrants from outside europe that come here with illusions that our society provides them with everything they want . 
  if you make it to europe thats not an illusion actually . 
  and thats why they are pouring in by the millions . 
  yes your right but unfortunately i \u00b4 m very lazy . 
  unfortunately i dont speak swedish . 
  who is the mentor of osama and why is it bad he was invited ? 
   supports women 's rights , gay rights and opposes the fascists who deny holocaust ) . 
  if someone does n't give a shit about these things , i 'd hardly call him leftist . 
  you know that these things have nothing to do with beeing left wing ( the anti-fascist your right ) ? 
  at least when talking about european politics . 
  beeing left wing means that you try to improve the lifes of working class people and protect them from beeing exploited by the upper class . 
  what you call left wing is basically just a liberal standpoint . 
  yet . 
  you want to compare turks right now to jews in wwii ? 
  really ? 
  are you insane ? 
  it triggered you that i said men should fight for their country ? 
  are you german by the way ? 
  `` just leave '' is not what men do sorry to tell you . 
  leaving your family and friends behind to save your sorry ass is not noble in any way . 
  i have no idea what would happen in turkey but `` men '' and women like these piss me off . 
  yea running away solves every fuckin problem . 
  dont listen to this limp wristed coward . 
  do whatever you can and defend your country from this madness . 
  you obviously havent because then you would know the ins and outs , twists and turns that can be applied to manipulate data and the different factors that play into this . 
  same polls that estimated hofer at around 20 % ? 
  dont be salty , 
  in the us they would be . 
  lol yea i wonder who made that `` estimation '' . 
  spoiler alert : it was the orf in my opinion only uneducated people would think this picture holds any truth . 
  so tolerant . 
  welcome clap , clap , clap . 
  welcome clap , clap , clap . 
  we actually had a eu propaganda worker come to our school for 2 days and tell us how good the eu is for europe and how democratic and wonderfull the eu was lol . 
  inb4 muuh european union is a peace project, 
   forcing minors to sex etc. 
  they were too progresive for epoch their lived what ? 
  christianity would be as bat shit crazy as in the middle ages if liberal thinkers like voltaire , marx or nietzsche didnt beat them into submission . 
  the enlightenment of europe had nothing to do with christianity . 
  islam will never reform itself , its the societies around it that have to reform their thinking . 
  religion will follow these new ideas , its just a scam after all . 
  yes turkey can since they had an active role in fueling the civil war in syria by supporting rebels . 
  there is nothing to cry about for turkey . 
   islamist how so ? 
  `` democracy is just the train , on which we ascend until we are on target . 
  the mosques are our barracks , the minarets our bayonets , the domes our helmets and the faithful our soldiers . '', 
  i \u00b4 m suspicious about this whole situation . 
  they closed the balkan route and suddenly the other rout pops up and is the problem ? 
  it just doesnt make sense . 
  maybe i \u00b4 m just seeing patterns where there are none but it just seems weird to me . 
  well most of them have a german passport . 
  so they are german . 
  or are you implying that beeing german is something else than having a piece of plastic wrapped paper ? 
  b-b-but arent germans proud of not beeing proud ? 
  why is he under police protection ? 
  who is he afraid of ? 
  oh so fences do work ? 
  where are the people that called you an idiot and said its impossible to keep people out with fences now ? 
  the open borders fraction has lost . 
  closed borders it is . 
  i would say working a job like that makes you pretty pro-closed border if you know what i mean . 
  no its not . 
  either you want your country to be a nation state that decides its own destiny or you want the eu . 
  its like you say your a nationalist but on the other hand dont want your country to exist . 
  it doesnt make sense . 
   is n't it the right that argues against europe the most be nationalist be pro-eu choose one . 
  had a friend of mine work in the `` fremdenpolizei '' . 
  it \u00b4 s not the leftists that make police right wing believe me . 
   there are no no-go zones . 
  lol . 
  so your gon na celebrate at the cologne main station this new years ? 
  productivity and `` work '' are two different terms . 
  oh nooo it hurt his feefees . 
  the emperor has not clothes . 
  charlie hebdo is right . 
  terrorism is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  if you dont believe them do some research on the wide variety of islamist organisations that are operating in europe currently . 
  they have the same goals as these terrorists but dont resort to violence but try it by undermining the host societies and by guilt tripping the host nations into more and more exceptions and priviliges for islam . 
  the comparison between muslims in the 21th century and jews in the 20th century is their go to moove . 
  everytime somebody critises islam its another shoa acording to them .
