  for every ** person ** that is returned to turkey , the eu resettles one syrian from a turkish refugee camp . 
  liberal political philosophy is basically nihilism . 
  no nation , no border , no race , no gender etc. 
  it \u00b4 s a mental illness if you ask me . 
  yes they should protest in no-mans land where nobody is botherd . 
  lol, 
  obviously not but i appreciate you commented the same sentence under every post that wrote the truth . 
  lol, 
   i guess expecting racists to be capable of intelligent thought is setting the bar way too high your little theory is the enlightenment i have been looking for my whole life !, 
  thanks !, 
  you must be one of those rare individuals that are the cream of the crop of 200.000 years of human evolution.racists are not actually racists . 
  they are just racist because its trendy to be racist . 
  oh my god why havent we thought of this earlier people !, 
  perfect dont come back . 
  dont let the door hit you on your way out . 
   read kant you cunt !, 
  - friedrich nietzsche , der antichrist this video signifies everything that is wrong with germany today . 
  theologen-instinkt in his purest form . 
  singing , drinking and having fun is definitly not `` the best way to combat isis '' . 
  the best way to combat isis is to hunt them down mercilessly , to destroy the muslim organisations that promote terror and to stop muslim immigration from the middle east as long as isis explicitly said that they would send in jihadists with the migrants . 
  singing , drinking having fun --  get bombed to pieces by isis . 
  we sure showed them guys . 
  thats true . 
  its hypocritical to use religion to further your own agenda ( of open borders ) even though you have never seen a church from the inside . 
  you get governemts benefits while studying ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  every student would just leach wellfare and chill . 
  making decision in the here and now based on a 2000 year old book . 
  good job . 
  the teachers in the school i went to always emphasized `` thinking for yourself '' . 
  and years later i still think its the most valuable thing you can learn in life . 
  btfo lol . 
  how can people still think that people radicalise because of socio-economic reasons and racism and not because the saudis pump millions and millions of euros into funding wahabi mosques all around europe ? 
  lets go with alternative energy and get off the saudi cocks . 
  what did wheelchair viking say to that ? 
  notice meee . 
  yea like a very slow dieing process over the last 1400 years or so . 
  chillax guys the next generation will have islam reformed . 
  dont worry . 
  easy peasy !, 
  maybe not in the next 10 years . 
  but if europe stays on this road i wouldnt be too sure . 
   ethnic integrity you mean white priviledge ? 
  next year in austria aswell i hope . 
  cultural relativism at it 's best . 
  where do people learn this stuff ? 
  i mean it 's so counterintuitive it has to be learned somehow . 
  just wait some time the radical islamic groups are growing exponentially . 
  muslim brotherhood et al. 
  get more and more established . 
  i wouldnt say i have become a racist even though alot of `` progressives '' would say so . 
  it 's not a different race that upsets me but people with cultures that have nothing incommon with my own culture . 
  the way i see it these people dont want to become european . 
  they want to have a piece of the things we built over the last 70 years and meanwhile they still want to live their home countries culture . 
  it wont work for a extended period of time . 
  one day these people will be a majoritiy and they will take over . 
  to know what that will look like one only has to look into the other countries where this culture took over . 
  and that will be the end of the europe as we know it . 
  kinda weird that some countries seem to go better with european culture than others . 
  it 's probably not a coincidence . 
  the lowest one 's probably have something in common that makes them unfitting to european culture . 
  just cant figure it out quite right what it is . 
  ahh maybe i 'll remember later . 
  he should talk to merkel . 
  merkel should talk to peter sutherland and peter sutherland should talk to george soros if it 's ok to send these lovely people back home . 
  / s these globalists wont back down they will double down . 
  2 million next year and the average voter cant do shit except sit there and vote cdu again . 
  uhm . 
  that wouldnt matter in this circumstance . 
  the sole reason we are paying them is because we cant get rid of them otherwise even if they have no reason for asylum . 
  they would pay the money again and again if somebody just came back . 
  whats a wog ? 
  his party doesnt even have a candidate in the race . 
  has absolutely nothing to do with him . 
  non of the candidates are from his party . 
  election season ? 
  next elections are 2018 . 
   it 's easier to just let them in move on . 
  exactly and that 's the problem with greece . 
  every person that crosses the border illegaly should be charged . 
  if people see that they go to prison ( schubhaft ) on a greek island they wont cross the border illegaly anymore . 
  we cant outsource our dirty work to turkey . 
  turkey is a save country they dont face war there . 
  problem solved . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that greece has to grant them asylum just because these people managed to get there somehow ? 
  i 'm gon na tell you a little secret . 
  these people dont want to go to greece . 
  they want to go north . 
  no one wants to live in greece . 
  not even syrians . 
  nicola sturgeon is so damn cute . 
  i 'd like to stir last nights haggis of her a bit . 
   practically un-doable bullshit . 
  greece has one of the bigest navys in europe . 
  if we would give the billions of euros that we now give to turkey to greece so they could build a border regimen they could easily do it . 
  last year people said border fences where useless and securing a border between greece and macedonia was impossible . 
  well look at the macedoinian border and tell me again . 
  is n't what ? 
  schengen is an agreement to loosen internal eu borders based on the premise that the exterior borders are secured by the members of the agreement .
