  i dont give a shit what happens to greece . 
  if they dont fullfill the agreement of secured external schengen borders they should be thrown out . 
  that 's like a bully that says `` why are you punching yourself '' while he hits you with your own hand . 
  plus thats not how the schengen agreement work at all . 
  youre more of a flaggerl f\u00fcrs gackerl type i can see that . 
  yea . 
  still the best politician we have right now . 
  his young age actually speak for him and not against him . 
  greece has an obligation to secure the schengen border . 
  there is no way around that because securing the external border was a requirement to young the schengen area . 
  really that was the message you took home ? 
  no offence though if some random arab reads this comment but is that the reason 90 % of arab women are fat . 
  poo in loo meme is not dank anymore since 2009 . 
  last i heard from india they were becoming a superpower by 2020 . 
  i think its designated to happen . 
  even indians mocking us now . 
  god damn i hate these weak wristed `` politicians '' . 
  trying to be austrian trudeau so hard . 
  it 's pretty cringe . 
  islamists nontheless . 
  back to turkey with them where they can worship their leader . 
   they introduce me to ketamine  take more drugs ?? 
  you mena david s. ? 
  lol, 
   that 's really not an extreme view even today . 
  i see homophobia like every week , and it 's rarely from muslims . 
  really is that so ? 
  in your country literally 100 % of muslims in a poll said homosexuality is morally unacceptable . 
  but i guess people like you that find this not an `` extreme view '' dont bother too much about that anyway . 
  this whole brexit situation seems more and more like it \u00b4 s beneficial for britain doesnt it ? 
  and the eu will act like a betrayed wife thats husband left her for a younger woman . 
  and that will be trying to make his life as miserable as possible while she can . 
  why you dont like us ? 
  i could be born swiss for gods sake . 
  it \u00b4 s just ebil . 
  that prophet must be a pretty limp wristed guy if he needs the help of this guy to defend himself . 
  never heard of that company . 
  but there are plenty of people i know that told me their company would move production ( at least for products destined for the uk market ) back to the uk . 
  why cant austria be a bit more like switzerland ? 
  i \u00b4 m envious . 
  ban assault man . 
  db failing . 
  she 's right you know . 
  if the police would have kept her updated about the situation she could have told the women to stay at an arms lenght and nothing would have happened . 
  holy guacbowl . 
  i have read a lot of delusional comments on reddit but this one takes the cake . 
  the perpetrators of the new years attacks where mainly people from maghreb . 
  they often are career pickpockets and often come to europe soly for the reason to commit crime ( not all of cours ) . 
  why would the first few days make a difference . 
  if you would go to a new country you wouldnt become a neo nazi just because the first people you met where in a group like that . 
  stop treating these people like children . 
  they know right from wrong and their not victims . 
  you didnt learn anything from the last 2 years did you ? 
  `` loosing '' your passport and applying for asylum would be the first thing the 2.7 million would do . 
  good luck getting them back to turkeyonce their here . 
  or you know . 
  maybe get a halfway decent immigration policy with secure eu borders . 
  but what do i know . 
  no thanks we have enough germans already . 
  [ make austria part of germany again ] ( http://imgur.com/5cwwpjy ), 
  i trust the vfgh to judge that instead of my personal subjective opinion if voter fraud was possible or not . 
   every future election could justifiably be challenged for stuff that nobody cared about until now . 
  and thats a good thing . 
  if people in the voting offices are too dumb to follow the voting laws it should be that way . 
  i only have one vote and i want it to count . 
  so you admit it 's not the message but the messenger that you dont like . 
  if the law wasnt followed correctly it 's clear to me that we need to vote again . 
  i dont want a president that became president based on irregularities in the voting system . 
  so gscheid . 
  i \u00b4 m a democrat and i \u00b4 m glad we live in a democracy where an election can be questioned ( in contrast to countries where voting is just a farce like north korea ) . 
  so for me this proves that our democratic system works . 
  so it \u00b4 s a positive thing . 
  your an idiot . 
  and by idiot i mean your a cool guy . 
  it \u00b4 s evolution of speech . 
  you wouldnt understand . 
  the word `` racially '' . 
  it doesnt mean what you think it means . 
  whats a british ( pakistani ) ? 
  did the man with the most punchable face in the universe just call somebody elses face punchable ? 
  yea lets ignore the democratic descision of the people . 
  what could go wrong . 
  so the old `` we dont like the outcome of the election and so we try to get the dumbest people we can find to talk in front of a camera sceme '' . 
  by the way that guy that talks about juncker and had a good point . 
  the eu is undemocratic right down to the core . 
  it \u00b4 s not even like every vote counts equally as much . 
  plus the eu commission isnt directly voted in but its voted in by the eu parliament . 
  so basicaly people that no one has ever voted for are dictating our destiny . 
  seems pretty shitty to me fam . 
  if this migrant crisis hasnt shown you that single countries and populations want different things nothing will . 
  germany is not hungary and austria is not poland . 
  plus i dont want my country to be a part of greater germany again . 
  seems like islamists dont like gays . 
  how so ? 
  holy fuck this generation is doomed . 
  you cant have air weapons in uk ? 
  is this a sick joke ? 
  that \u00b4 s the woman with the arms lenght comment right ? 
  and she cant even follow her own advice . 
  makes me sad .
