  provoking people with crosses ? 
  can happen to anybody . 
  i doubt he doesnt know that belgium is not a city . 
  muslim gets into office . 
  first thing he does is ban ads with hot women . 
  cant make this shit up lol . 
  what \u00b4 s missleading about it ? 
  we would have an external eu border with syria and iraq if turkey joined the eu . 
  you think this is something i want to see happen ? 
  there is nothing that scares me more than living in a europe populated by a muslim majority . 
  but aparently people in europe want it that way . 
  it \u00b4 s a fact that in one or two generations muslims will make up a big junk of the population of most wester european countries and if thats the case there wont even be a discussion about praying in schools etc. 
  just wait a bit . 
  in 20 years when the unbelievers are not so numerous you can pray where ever and when ever you want . 
  and they wont even dare to speek up against it . 
  please brits vote leave . 
  it \u00b4 s better for your country in the long run . 
  is it just me or is this article defending isis ? 
  i \u00b4 m pretty drunk by the way . 
  have replied to yourself lol ? 
  how is this even considered a conspiracy theory . 
  they are 100 % planing shit there . 
  its not a fuckin summercamp lol . 
  i have no words for scum like these `` men '' . 
  and the taxpayer has to pay for them to be housed fed and clothed for the rest of their miserable lives since they wont be able to send them back straight away . 
  more like a 360 with kern . 
  not a smart move . 
  they shouldnt keep their feet still . 
  if our goverment doesnt make a 180 on their migration policy ( which they wont for sure ) they will win the 2018 elections for sure . 
  people are pissed off . 
  they cant take it anymore . 
  that show should be renamed to `` making fun of other countries as smug as possible while giving the viewers a fals sense of superiority '' or alternatively `` am deutschen wesen soll die welt genesen . '', 
  i cringe so hard every time my german girlfriend watches it next to me ( she loves it ) . 
  according to who ? 
  first of all its their responsibility to secure the outside schengen border . 
  that was one of the main reasons why we have a schengen zone . 
  if the outside borders are not secured schengen is obsolete . 
  second this solution is not about housing millions of migrants on an island . 
  its more like saying `` no you wont make europe your new home '' . 
  if people get that there is no chance in staying in europe the wont come . 
  if they are refugees and flee from war they are still safe and cared for.just not in mainland europe . 
  you \u00b4 re the one who \u00b4 s butthurt and the one who complains his little feefees where hurt . 
  you are wrong, 
  yea dont close the brenner austria . 
  even though we \u00b4 re controlling the border with austria for almost a year now . 
  i know people that unironically defend its good people get locked up for saying something on social media . 
  and often their the ones calling themselfs anti-facists ... 
  but the irony is lost with these people and i dont want to call them out since i dont want to be arrested . 
  erdogan just celebrated the ottoman conquest of constantinopel . 
  thats like 500 years in the past . 
  so i guess thats not an argument . 
  omg racism . 
  the worst crime of them all . 
   i want to like refugees r.e.f.u.g.e.e.s . 
  even our media has given up on that word . 
  its only 10 % syrians right now in austria . 
  for the most part their migrants cosplaying as refugees . 
  yea or the american genocide of native americans . 
  or the genocide of aborigines in austrilia . 
  i guess we \u00b4 re all genocidal maniacs . 
  really makes you think huh, 
  what if germany would threaten other nations for recognising the holocaust . 
  really makes you think huh, 
  lets see whats gon na happen in summer . 
  things are gon na be interesting then . 
  100 % they will . 
  `` local news '' lol . 
  huh ? 
  how so ? 
  you know how white people are often refered to in english ? 
  caucasian . 
  take a guess where people from chechnia come from . 
  the nort caucasus . 
  their litteraly the people the english language uses to describe `` white people '' . 
  stop talking gibberish about social constructs t if you obviously dont have a clue . 
  yea lol like in austria and france . 
  get prepared for beeing called the lowest lifeform , nazi , refugee baby killer and what not for voting anti immigration . 
  all the center parties will move heaven and earth to stop anti- immigration parties from getting into government where they could actually change anything . 
  with four words . 
  your father is right . 
  it \u00b4 s the other way around . 
  if people dont have a voice they become violent . 
  hence the shelter burning in old germanistan we have seen over the last 2 years . 
  wow how racist of you to notice demopraphic trends . 
  how intolerant of you . 
  these people of vastly different cultural backgrounds will become even more swedish than the native swedes . 
  / s ( a dude i study with unironically said something along the lines of this lol ), 
  poles always bring the best banter . 
  stay based forever poland . 
  if you think sweden will be anything like it is today in 30 years your delusional . 
  there are no brakes on where this train is going . 
  lol have you ever seen a chechen . 
  most look very white to me . 
  blue eyes and all . 
  if their not white i \u00b4 m not white either . 
  20 to 30 years down the road you might be laughed at for this statement . 
  lol tinfoil hat people . 
  yes germany you should take in alot of chechens . 
  austria only had good experiences with them . 
  their very educated and they are not very religious .
