  you mean the same constantine who instaured traitorous religion that angered the gods and punished rome ? 
  pagan ? 
  is that how you barbarians refer to the followers of the gods ? 
  i doubt a north-korean plane carrying a nuke will get far without being shot down in the middle of the ocean . 
  or runing out of fuel . 
  it 's all cute until he starts killing everyone . 
  dude , [ charles ii gets all the bitches ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6bl0xxs.png ), 
  i would like to see someone walking down the street with a pair of austro-hungarian glasses . 
  is mine . 
  besides russia is evil . 
  always . 
  probably hitler . 
  rhymes belong to the state . 
  to the gulag with you !, 
  he will w\u00f6rk to death, 
  you think he does n't know ? 
  be cool and join them !, 
  all the cool kids are doing it !, 
  how can be darker if it 's shiny ? 
  [ this ? 
  so many people discussing communism vs. capitalism ... 
  i prefer a feudal monarchy , specially if i 'm a landlord and own a couple of castles and towns . 
  got stolen by gypsys . 
  everyone is killed equally . 
  except those in the party . 
  trotsky never in the party , are you saying that traitorous westernern was in the party ? 
  comrade stalin would like to talk with you . 
  i think it 's about time you talk about your removal problem with dr. \u00d6sterreich . 
  removing it 's not normal serbia . 
  i do n't think so , but it 's little germany so maybe . 
  but what if they can ? 
  you have to now . 
  because it 's in the script . 
  you , because you asked for it . 
  you 're welcome to join back . 
  even if you do not want . 
  portugal even weaker . 
  what pictures you talking about comrade ? 
  in this train we have pictures . 
  step on it comrade . 
  you wan na fite , cunt ? 
  i 'll go full pizarro on yo ass, 
  you fool no one jew . 
  we all know jews started both world wars . 
  no , it 's because you 're a bunch of pussies . 
  we expelled the kebabs out of spain and we still call them `` moros '' without it being inherently bad . 
  ( of course there 's always the racist who uses moros as pejorative , but so could be moroccans for that respect ), 
  does n't have to . 
  from the sidebar :, 
  wiggly mouse-drawn comics where balls represent different countries . 
  they poke fun at national stereotypes and the `` international drama '' of their diplomatic relations . 
  polandball combines history , geography , engrish , and an inferiority complex . 
  dirty mexicans stealing our reconquista ... 
  yes . 
  that 's why most people here know something about politics and flags , it 's inherent to the topic of the comic . 
  it 's not called polandball ( or countryball however you want to call it ) for some reason . 
  you obviously ca n't enjoy them fully without knowing at least something about countries . 
  based off [ this ] ( http://www.ww1propaganda.com/sites/default/files/wwi%20russian%20propaganda%20alliess%20shaking%20hands.jpg?1313947886 ), 
  based off [ this ] ( http://www.ww1propaganda.com/sites/default/files/3g12199u-1318.jpg?1309987460 ), 
  one day like today , 100 years ago the archduke franz ferdinand was killed and wwi started, 
  historical inaccuracy ? 
  in polandball ? 
  impossible !, 
  that was the joke, 
  and his general incompetence . 
  because it * is * weird, 
  the russian empire might have to go to court for a case of copyright infrigment then . 
  the idick phone was a nice touch, 
  did you ? 
  i 'll find the man , and make sure he never posts again . 
  then i will make my own shitpost . 
  the only way to defeat my enemy is to become the enemy . 
  yes . 
  i 'm currently punching myself . 
  i can assure you i 'm winning . 
  also i might or might not have drawn a cuntryball comic . 
  though in that hypothetic comic the punchline is of questionable existence . 
  actually you can . 
  thanks to carlos ii 's black magic i dominated the dark arts of personalus messagicus . 
  it recquires an astral connection , if you 're willing for it tell mich. 
  he should have learned to dodge bullets matrix style !, 
  but yess that 's a mistake . 
  i can not into english . 
  you know what they say . 
  what happens in southern yurop . 
  stays in southern yurop . 
  and do n't tell vatican . 
  only france knows . 
  and france does n't tell . 
  real austria-hungaries do n't wear no glasses . 
  they sport their eyepatches proudly . 
  and have personality dissorder due to the horrors of war . 
  so the flag would have * three * coat of arms ? 
  that 's what we all do when someone points out a fail . 
  irrelevant asian clay can not into friends . 
  russia is pretty far from the ecuator . 
  is like the kid who fell from the swing and hit his head ? 
  i am almighty roman empire you punny island . 
  i molded the world to the shape it has today , i wo n't let you speak to me like that barbarus . 
  i do n't speak perfect english in polandball , even least i 'm going to bother with forms .
