  i had a joke with blitzkrieg , but i forgot what it was . 
  i promise it was actually good !, 
  but it 's not in the black continent . 
  it 's dying ... 
  sad story, 
  you 're actually macedonian, 
  yes bosnia , now you want to come back to the roman empire . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's roman empire clay anyways, 
  we brought civilization !, 
  now you better keep digging or you 're going to the cross !, 
  lol, 
  [ polandball is as accurate as austria-hungary ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fsgegz9.png ), 
  yes , you are moneylaunders and little china . 
  can not be austrian without incest . 
  casteller tower looks like penis . 
  do n't show around \u00d6sterreich . 
  lol no , i 'm going to get your clay with or without your consent . 
  shhh , it will hurt only ein minutten . 
  vil be over soon . 
  i must admit i do n't know how to make penetration that is not brutal rape . 
  such is life . 
  i think is more a matter of number . 
  as in , spain mugged a whole continent . 
  did n't the pagans took it as a sign of the world ending ? 
  probably somewhere around fucking hot and boiling temperature, 
  holy shit !, 
  look at all the unflaired people !, 
  rally the legions !, 
  those chairs ca n't hold your weight . 
  grab yourself a flair or enter my slave collection . 
  you chose . 
  fuck andorra and their overpriced shit . 
  i almost broke my leg because their shitty bridge !, 
  they hate each other . 
  slovenia is balkan . 
  i do n't think i need to add anything else . 
  true . 
  polandball is accurate . 
  [ as accurate as austria-hungary . 
  turkey hates cyprus . 
  poland is not too found of lithuania and vice versa . 
  latvia is too irrelevant . 
  there is no single former spanish colony that is not hated by someone else . 
  specially not in central america . 
  that 's the same thing i was wondering when andorra attempted against my life . 
  cuntryballs deserves more original content . 
  kings are too inbred for brutal rape . 
  [ because polandball is as accurate as a-h ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fsgegz9.png ), 
  little buggers . 
  there 's only one roman empire . 
  with capital in rome . 
  speaking in latin . 
  you want to get in toruble , do n't you ? 
  how dare you speak that way to me ?!, 
  without me you 'll be nothing but divided city states !, 
  you see , there is not that much immigration to those countries you listed , whereas europe or the usa , having a better economic situation , tend to have immigration . 
  you see where i 'm going ? 
  and keep in mind , non-white countries have immigration from other non-white countries , maybe you just ca n't distinguish each other . 
  and suicide . 
  or maybe your subconscious did . 
  do you have something to share with us ? 
  no , i 'm blind . 
  ( do n't tell anyone i 'm actually austria-hungary ), 
  wtf indeed . 
  they should go back to being a part of the spanish empire , that 's where they belong . 
  too late, 
  yes , they are allowed . 
  but primarly the sub is dedicated to spain 's autonomous communities . 
  because the last one did n't had enough anal rape . 
  and no one believed me !, 
  polandball pr0nz is not a new thing to be honest . 
  someone needs to sue argentina for plagiarism . 
  you mean serbian ? 
  in the name of caesar in what language does catalonia start with g ? 
  neither did cantabria so at least it 's not a perosnal hate towards catalonia . 
  it 's not like heretics and heathens are people anyways . 
  what do you mean after the republic ? 
  roman empire best empire !, 
  battle of philippi best day of my life !, 
  augustus aliv in rome !, 
  also , modern day italy is mostly inhabited by filthy barbarians like the lombards , of course they can not the war , they are not mighty true romans !, 
  i refuse to believe we have something to do with the pasta eaters . 
  they did n't act too kindly when they were asked to leave so , at the very least they liked that land as their home . 
  it 's not europe 's fault they sucked at fighting smallpox . 
  it 's the cross of burgundy , it used to be the spanish empire banner under the habsburgs . 
  and , because imagination was rather lacking , everything that was under spain in those times had some variation of the cross . 
  you pray to the god of our slaves !, 
  you dishonour the gods and they punished us because of your arrogance !, 
  that 's what a coward would say . 
  do i look like a dirty lombard ? 
  aglomeration of barbarians doing barbaric stuff . 
  like not owning slaves . 
  [ italic states ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ jealousy ] ( #green - text ), 
  roman empire , it 's not like it is n't obvious . 
  from hispania, 
  still better than lusitania, 
  excited about it , eh ? 
  i know a place that you would like .
