  everyone did like yeltsin ? 
  conchita is not kitten , not even in the weirdest south american dialect you can find . 
  so nuclear warheads were some kind of viagra ? 
  use the mute button . 
  for anything , really . 
  the people who bring the british empire everywhere and go banging about it always struck me as if they had some kind of insecurity . 
  silly brittania , nationalism is an addictive drug , just ask germany . 
  i thought it was the desperate need to go somewhere without perpetuous rain . 
  i think they failed because they figured out they could just import it cheaper than the cost of the war would be . 
  and then lost motivation . 
  because austria is of european and culture , while others are of barbarians . 
  maybe when russia is kind to gender . 
  we call it bringing civilization \u2122 . 
  that 's because they are drunk . 
  this talk again russia ? 
  if you want to invade but do n't look like you invade you must bring the ice cream vans , then you are just bringing ice cream to the children , is n't than something good ? 
  wrong , we all agree that europe is superior , if you do not you are deported to africa . 
  but was n't pinochet 's dictatorship a bloodbath ? 
  or it was just some ramdom fucknugget trying to impress me over franco 's ? 
  that 's because you meddled in our bussiness of civilization \u2122 . 
  are you implying you do not take clay by ice cream ? 
  lies !, 
  all lies !, 
  odd , that guy painted it like the bloodiest of all the dictatorships ever . 
  he was speaking wonders of stalin at the same time tho ... 
  it will end up paying itself making a black hole . 
  silly gypsy , if yuo wants into invockings hungarians butt hurtings yuo only need one wordings : trianon, 
  fries, 
  it says roman , you should into glorious roman flair instead . 
  a pocket , maybe ? 
  not sure . 
  that was my second option actually , but i thought i was overthinking it and went with pocket instead . 
  like kids imitating a superhero with the carpet as a cape . 
  maybe we should awake from sleep ? 
  you leave them some centuries unattended and they threaten to nuke each other over the cookie jar . 
  never said it was n't . 
  lies !, 
  lies !!, 
  dirty barbarian lies !!, 
  i thought everyone in the balkans heated each other . 
  is serbia and greece an exception ? 
  unemployment 20 % and shit salary ? 
  are they trying to compete against spain ? 
  because we wo n't be defeated !, 
  quick !, 
  bring more corruption !, 
  bambi 's mother fainted !, 
  disney is out of usable drama !, 
  or maybe he wanted us to think that . 
  you can never be sure with lithuanians . 
  context : on this day , in 1943 german afrika korps and italian cohorts surrendered to the allies and the african campaign ended . 
  i thought they abandoned those plans around the time hitler shot itself . 
  i still do n't see an active politic by germany to just push poles eastwards and repopulate . 
  or is of jew conspiration ? 
  do not of worries , they are just very germanic poles , no lebensraum here , please move along . 
  silly polen ov course ich i 'm not deutsch ... ich mean ... dios , patria , rey trono y altar !, 
  he was n't actually in the nazi party if i recall correctly . 
   for being so inept at ~ ~ modern ~ ~ warfare, 
  needs chunk of russia and rest of balkans . 
  i lost track , happy about what , lebensraum ? 
  or carlismo ? 
  ... what ? 
  uk eated them . 
  not only are they barbarians but also inept at warfare ? 
  their lifes must 've been horrible . 
  i know but seriously , i could n't be arsed to draw them all , and let 's be honest , the most famous units in africa in the side of the allies are the british anyways . 
  they had the clay , is of something !, 
  yes , federalization of eu would be something welcomed . 
  edit : first some of them would recquire to stabilize , libya comes to mind . 
  ultra-nationalist think the same about everyone outside the country that goes to work to theirs . 
  so you can virtually be friends with everyone . 
  as long as they have a tendency to raise their right hands . 
  i think people fail to understand that without eu there would be immigrants anyways . 
  i mean it 's not like eu forced countries to demolish their non-eu borders . 
  or better times , like roman times !, 
  there is only one way to know ... 
  it may be wrong , but it falls as in what most people would understand and either byzantium or eastern roman empire is generally understood , and sometimes people who do n't know what byzantium was do know what was the eastern roman empire , or can at least guess by it 's name . 
  got ta admit that shit looks delicious . 
  edit : cow meat dried ? 
  is of substitute for jam\u00f3n serrano ? 
  i say what 's wrong or not !, 
  ther armilar sphere on the outside , or maybe the ins ... fuck it , that coat of arms must never be made . 
  roman authority . 
  do you think so ? 
  i do n't find it that artsy . 
  that 's what i thought , but i suck at adding backgrounds so i discarded the idea . 
  you say it like it 's something bad ... 
  then they go to your island and steal yer jerbs . 
  i keep hearing of that farage and some barrage , what 's all that about ? 
  what did napoleon wrong ? 
  he made public education and spreaded liberal ideas . 
  the only thing he did wrong was not preparing for russians scorching the land and waiting for winter . 
  then again we 're talking about butthurt english who ca n't overcome the fact of having to coallition with all of europe to beat a french . 
  pffff , like it 's something new in europe . 
  it would have been rare if it had n't become a dictatorship . 
  bourbon aliv in spain , making fast incest in spain , we rich now , because of incest , etc. 
  damnit israel , remember the deal , we give you judea , you do n't talk about the time machine . 
  n-no flairs ?!, 
  the horror !, 
  fifty years , at least in euiii , but if they are in your cultural grup they never expire .
