  those are dirty hellenic lies !, 
  latin was always here , before dawn of time , latin was here before humans arrived !, 
  lalalala can not hear you barbarian lalala, 
  but not too much flow or you 'll be under the sea . 
  tupac is serbia, 
  russia will be pissed . 
  thanks , now i imagine it too . 
  [ ca n't see nothing wrong here . 
  the fatherland needs more people to win the war against chinese tourists . 
  it is your duty to give future tourists to the fatherland !, 
  [ charles ii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_ii_of_spain ), 
  you would recquire to have civilization in the first place to do so . 
  flair up or be colonised . 
  in southern europe we do . 
  actually they will make more litter . 
  that 's what i feel when people claim to be me ( me as in the whole spqr ), 
  existing . 
  i 've been elected dictator ( in latin , which you barbarians later stole ) to resolve the crisis of people claiming to be rome , russia is getting a pretty hard time to understand it 's not rome and it will never be rome , but the us is just ridiculous , i think you need serious help from dr. \u00d6sterreich . 
  silence barbarian !, 
  rome aliv in europe , fast conquer rome , etc , etc. 
  are we going to the senate ? 
  i should 've gone there 6 months ago to discuss the progress on the crisis . 
  nice try jew , every jew is filthy rich . 
  one of * those * eh ? 
  ha ha ha silly jew , my fortres is impenetr, 
  the same as in real life . 
  eastern roman confirmed for not european therefore ottomans . 
  i am not a pasta-eater . 
  1453 best year of life , dirty east roman can not into keeping kebab away . 
  pope alive in rome , pope making evangelization of rome . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of pope ... you are ppoor stink greek ... 
  spain , arguably part of africa by now , but i know you dirty northerns need our beaches to survive . 
  you clearly have not met the medium spanish , culture is an obscure term suffocated by football , ignorance and not giving a shit about that ignorance . 
  usually if you 're from spain and make something culturally worthy your merits would only be recognised after your death . 
  and the rest tend to be isolated from society because of that , which does n't help to their reputation . 
  * the freedomization of the 51 state, 
  vets with pts ? 
  as long as they do n't change their uniforms to a yellowish color everything is alright . 
  sjw ? 
  what of means ? 
  what is this that i just whitnessed ? 
  after discovering what it is , i ca n't tell if they are serious or not . 
  am i alone here ? 
  so there is people who do that without being sarcastic ? 
  i paid good money for my children from that nice mauritanian merchant !, 
  the southern you go , the worst prison get . 
  if they reach critical mass will they become a black hole ? 
  or self-destroy at the sole thought of becoming anything black ? 
  i thought finland could into nordic and thus potato . 
  do latvian parents hit their children ? 
  or if it ends in death is considered mercifull killing because struggle is over ? 
  rome original red banner , every other red banner cheap knockoff . 
  also wife raped and taken by politburo . 
  only rock left . 
  and the fact that mentallity says that a prison is where you lock the scum so they ca n't contamine the rest of society , if they reform or not is secondary . 
  britain guaranteed poland , but when war exploded dind ' t do that much to actually fight the germans and avoid the invasion of poland . 
  belgium is so irrelevant it 's their only stereotype aside from chocolate and being boring . 
  too busy cleaning toilets for being on the internet . 
  what do you expect ? 
  they are barbarians who occupied our clay . 
  our vengance ? 
  they would n't win another war . 
  ever . 
  also they inherited the corruption . 
  all is part of rome , end of dispute . 
  would you prefer to speak french ? 
  you should consider flairing up , it 's on the sidebar, 
  and muslims . 
  do n't forget muslims . 
  specially you . 
  being of french is big punishment !, 
  not into want to change is of torture !, 
  i 'm surprised for once , after seeing the fucking falange presenting itself to the european i thought we were going back to the days of franco . 
  seriously how the fuck can the political party of the francoist regime go to the european elections ? 
  a large percentage of death in south america actually belonged to diseases , and unlike the british , we did n't gave them blankets with smallpox . 
  absolutists . 
  it will become the islamist social republic of greater ireland and scotland . 
  franco died quitly in his bed in the 70s , that 's a big difference . 
  where i went to vote they had slightly less papeletas than the other party at it 's left , but espa\u00f1a en marcha was insulting , it was clear that quite some people voted for them , and i live in catalonia . 
  i guess fear to secession and evil , evil catalanization must be the responsible to make someone vote for fascists . 
  and ndp is very similar to nsdap . 
  damn cultured , educated , young people taking me votes !, 
  like last time ? 
  no thanks . 
  imagine a newspaper in polandball format . 
  let 's go back to good ol' absolute monarchy . 
  now with * more * paseillo . 
  i 'm affraid not , it 's compulsory , you see . 
  i though japanese people giggled and smiled all the time . 
  also , do bombardments count ? 
  because then very little of europe would be free from the allseeing fences of eternal remorse . 
  if we had to keep silence in front of war memorials in europe no one would talk in the continent . 
  do n't you have some innuits scattered around ? 
  wait a minute , portugal free of kebab ? 
  have they been sending their kebabs to us ?!, 
  you ca n't trust those sardine-eating towels !, 
  that 's what you get when you assume the title of world police , it was in the small letter in the contract . 
  casinos, 
  and when the ones doing the violence can not differenciate countries . 
  says much about the degree of culture that violent people have .
