  what will be next ?!, 
  it 's our doom you hear me ?!, 
  our doom !, 
  no such thing in the caucasus . 
  great . 
  just when i forgot about the existance of this horror ... 
  i would but i 'm not entirely sure myself i know what 's going on either . 
  the rock was set on fire to cleanse it from the heretic influences of the filthy , filthy protestants !, 
  shoo , no jews allowed here . 
  * looks at mod list *, 
  back to w\u00f6rk !, 
  that sounds like the boat people speak mate . 
  something to tell mate ? 
  shit the colonial knows ... 
  what gave me away ? 
  i 've been training to infiltrate the australian internets for ages !, 
  because clearly polandball _ must _ be historically accurate instead of , you know , humorous comics . 
  the only accurate ones are those that praise rome , the rest are filthy barbarian lies , probably spread by pompey . 
  humour is subjective . 
  lolno, 
  maxi pls , you do n't know sabaton ? 
  you dissapoint me . 
  deeply . 
  ah , i 've missed this serial a lot . 
  good to have it back !, 
  only 20 ? 
  i thought they were more . 
  we should . 
  but that recquires work . 
  i prefer to bum around instead . 
  fire purges everything and makes it pure . 
  because clearly no evil can remain in ashes . 
  silly nordic , in spain , with enough time of jimmi rustling everyone becomes explosive malcontents . 
  so explosive they exploder their own side . 
   accordion emporium, 
  not the accordions !!, 
  too popular . 
  it 's like that trend of red , yellow and green in africa . 
  i thought the emperor was considered to be some kind of god or related to them , thus making it closer to a pharaoh . 
  then i missread , my apologies . 
  you mean lebensraum , right ? 
  talking about bombing germans in reunification day ? 
  fitting . 
  spain has been trying to lose spain for centuries . 
  how hard is it to just destroy your own country ? 
   put mad bulls into government building ... 
  that would probably improve the government . 
  for at least they would shut up for 5 seconds . 
  that would explain the smell, 
  you do n't need submission rights to post here . 
  that 's how . 
  just germanic countries being germanic . 
  thanks to / u/schindetnemo for the idea . 
  the comic was done long ago , but because of lesser known september i have n't been able to publish it 'till now . 
  germany + austria all the time . 
  ca n't you recognise a dragoon helmet when you see one ? 
  i 'm actually surprised by the amount of people who thought that austria was the german empire , i guess i should have made that more clear . 
  you still miss that coastline ? 
  ditching monarchy was the only way europe had to stop the habsburgs from incesting their way to power again . 
  only one way to find out . 
  with more swag than without it clearly . 
  you can choose between practicallity and style . 
  i would chose style . 
  if i 'm going to die at the very least be it in a nice outfit . 
  i live in spain , if there are no cars incoming one does not wait for the light to go green . 
  i was thinking more to see who has the longest chin , but that could work too . 
  even 5 meters of coastline is more than what you have nowadays . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's austria . 
  if you look carefully you 'll see that the german empire flag has a darker shade of red . 
  berlin it 's an entity of its own . 
  why do you assume it 's berlin ? 
  and ? 
  there were russians in many places . 
  does n't have to be berlin . 
  nowhere in the comic it 's specified . 
  germany confirmed for omsk, 
  lol no, 
  actually germany borrowed helmet from swiss . 
  norway was montaneous and long . 
  denmark tiny and plain , very bad for resisting against panzers . 
  [ the metal you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhpvtnw7hd4 ), 
  does the challenge start with the month or just after you made this comment ? 
  to be fair , even if they did had the military to fight they would have gotten slaughtered . 
  france fought and they are labeled as surrender monkeys . 
  poland fought too and to this very day the lancing tanks joke still stands . 
  for the poles or the french ? 
  french have plenty , like arrogant , smelly , unshaved , homogenders . 
  and poles are car stealing thieves . 
  no , gypsys stereotypicaly steal iron and copper . 
  not specified from where they get it , but not necessarily cars . 
  in reality , people that steal , steal all they can . 
  i prefer the spanish stereotype of gypsys , that is , they all go around in a van selling peaches with hilarious accents . 
  ( tho the stereotype of thief is still aliv in spain anyways ), 
  mah boy , the world is made out of hatred and fear interrupted by some brief moments of outrageous racism . 
  well you can always force inspiration to stick around , after all the artifact is quite heavy and blunt . 
  if you know what i mean ... 
  y' all are plebs here . 
  for there is no such silly think as v. it 's v and then u.
