  i only see more clay for the new spanish empire 2.0 inflation boogalo , now with 30 % more corruption and leadership incompetence !, 
  more or less , it was ceded to the english as a peace treaty in the spanish succesion war ( english supporting the austrian pretender which should have won but whatever ) and therefore going against the bourbons and the frenchies . 
  they won and gibraltar was ceded together with menorca . 
  unlike hong kong , however , there was n't a time limit for gibraltar . 
  but we recovered menorca eventually . 
  though nowadays between english and german tourists it 's hard to say . 
  remove eurotourists from the beaches . 
  actually do n't , money is much appreciated need more to pay denbts plox . 
  but spain has the power of carlismo . 
  carlismo aliv in spain and removing liberales and non-catholics !, 
  never said of killings , we just expell them . 
  cheaper and faster , silly germans do n't know the power of sending kebab to africa . 
  well there is a key difference between these two territories , one is being reclaimed by china and the other by spain . 
  china is stronk while the spanish empire was crushed long ago under the mighty weight of inflation , corruption and general incompetence . 
  and the xix and xx century . 
  when the jews and muslims were expelled from valencia . 
  you 're right i was mistaken , for some reason i was going to use that for the morocco panel , but i accidentaly flipped it with the jews , that led me to the confusion of thinking that they were also expelled . 
  dammit , was it that hard to expell them all at the same time ? 
  and you think you got bad luck with the name ? 
  let 's tell america . 
  is of best plan amigo !, 
  then you can blame the troika for the countrie 's problem !, 
  is so much good plan !, 
  the pp spent all these years in the opposition making it and therefore could n't actually do anything else aside from saying `` if you vote me shit will be better . '', 
  are you questioning this superior reasoning ?!, 
  maybe you want a paseillo ? 
  shit just got serious . 
  who knows , maybe tourists reached it and someone complained ? 
  but serbia of stupid , serbia burnt kebab property . 
  serbia should of learnt from spain and remove kebab and keep their property , is win-win . 
  not at all , some ultranationalist do want to expell them but they are just a minority , a very loud and stupid one , but still a minority . 
  it 's just i thought it would make for a good comic that spain would reinvite all the jews and invite moroccans to make bussiness . 
  then expell them to keep their property and money . 
  oh come on , just like the good old days . 
  you have to admit it was fun back then !, 
  it 's their surname , what fault do they have ? 
  that 's actually a normal tiger . 
  i dunno , maybe i found someone who had a particularly strange accent . 
  i have drawn spanish coat of arms before , i can understand why people would n't want to draw it , specially in long comics . 
  there was no genocide , just vacations . 
  yes . 
  vacations so good they never came back . 
  you forgetting glorious \u0160koda . 
  it 's very addictive . 
  trust good old rome . 
  we opress everyone equally . 
  everyone who is not roman that is . 
  lem me help you with that . 
  remove everything only rome is of true conqueror yuo is all of false rome rightful roman clay . 
  hoeatius aliv in rome . 
  horatious making poetry of rome . 
  the gnome over that rock did . 
  it was easier in the days of monarchy but , yes , incompetency is kinda easy to get . 
  they are half french after all . 
  i surely will , i do n't like to make flags incomplete and hate to mess the colors up like sometimes it has happened to me . 
  but i can understand why people would n't want to draw the coat of arms , specially if they try to make a quick comic . 
  then serbia has much w\u00f6rk to do . 
  for full experience i would recommend that you go to a remote village in the middle of extremadura or andaluc\u00eda without knowing any spanish at all , or pretending not to . 
  despe\u00f1aperros is my favorite by far . 
  complain to your government and make them change it . 
  i dunno , something , they always need to change things . 
  give time ... roman empire is of taking care . 
  because of latvian jokes . 
  somehow latvia ended up being the example of a failed soviet country were politburo takes wife and daughter . 
  also much cold . 
  is potato ? 
  no , is halucinate from malnourish , struggle end soon . 
  [ such is life ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/latvianjokes/ ), 
  it bugs me that people does n't make china pronounce the rs as ls as they actually do . 
  we do n't talk about him . 
  just as we do not talk about half of our colonies . 
  never happened , understand ? 
  shhhh is of trap , when they make it , we reclaim , then rome finally can into america . 
  and meets serbia . 
  i thought it was because they were projections of their shadows . 
  serbia is starting to lose it 's category of psycho to dirty eritrea who can not into european . 
  i 'm surprised serbia has n't removed eritrea already . 
  i agree . 
  death would be better than become the papal states . 
  true romans worship jupiter !, 
  mars would be a good start . 
  until someone finds oil . 
  mars will be the new rome . 
  the planet itself is red just to make it even more clear . 
  europe does n't know that it belongs to the rome even to this day . 
  soon we shall reclaim it all . 
  specially gender . 
  silly dutch can not into genocide and big wars . 
  do n't forget corruption and general incompetence . 
  ah the days when switzerland was n't just a giant bank in the mountains with ~ ~ sky ~ ~ ski resorts attached to it . 
  also invading switzerland in winter is a very bad idea . 
  specially if you 're low on manpower . 
  it was more a desperate attack to try and delay the imediate doom of my empire led by a combination of high infamy and too many wars with russia . 
  no , actually switzerland attacked me and i tried to rush to their capital . 
  it ended badly . 
  i was the almighty styrian empire . 
  also it was before euiv and in euiii mountains are the deadliest thing you can find . 
  and rocket powered attrition . 
  not entirely sure , but if i recall correctly it was made during the cold war so i go for nukes . 
  where the fuck did they went were shops were closed at fucking 4 p.m. ?
