  sudacas can not into relevancia . 
  am i going to siberia ? 
  that 's a roman empire flag . 
  and i am the seventh reincarnation of the imperial letrine cleaner . 
  half serious half joking , eu iv has potential for teching , but then teachers would need to explain why france blobed out of control . 
  needs more cava . 
  actually in spain that graffiti is quite common . 
  it used to be a short discussion about which clay belonged to whom and a subsequent declaration of war . 
  wait a minute , they were n't friendly tourists spending the summer and then deciding the land was nice to settle ? 
  no , not into worrying , just ignore the coast and keep making fellow tribes angry at you . 
  do n't talk like that , they can send the gypsys back !, 
  you mean lemberg ? 
  gender, 
  there are special rooms for that when you take the test . 
  commit sudoku, 
  it 's canon now . 
  or does it ? 
  what lazy w\u00f6rkers ? 
  there are no lazy w\u00f6rkers here !, 
  they just dissapear !, 
  how cute , noricum thinks he can into empire now . 
  i blame the barbarians . 
  [ i was born in this house and i will die in this house !, 
  reichtangle is not the german empire , it 's a future fourth reich . 
  i would like to see how a world were the central powers would have won would look like . 
  flags would be more interesting , that 's for sure . 
  was n't the dual monarchy of austria-hungary always fighting each other even when at war ? 
  it was soviet mistake to not pay a gypsy to tell future and foresaw siege . 
  maybe i worded myself wrong , i meant in matters of the army control , as there were three entities , the austrian army , the hungarian and the global one or something like that . 
  watch out , you would n't like to anger ` nam again , would you ? 
  hey !, 
  they may have hold some gold and maybe silver !, 
  and you know how spain gets over gold and silver . 
  until he gets absolute power . 
  it 's landlocked clay though . 
  it did n't helped much last time , except making your country pussying out of war . 
  why do n't you two just unite and be done with it ? 
  everyone knows you two want each other . 
  blood sausage = morcilla ? 
  morcilla is fucking delicious . 
  one day we shall rise from our ashes !, 
  the index of mercedes per capita would go up . 
  that 's definetly good . 
  mussolini does n't count , he was catholic and thus lacked the support of the gods . 
  and you , with byzantium , was supposed to reclaim the empire . 
  rome started in 753 b.c. 
  753 b.c corresponds to the mythical foundation by the twin brothers romulus and remus . 
  the republic , but rome existed before it . 
  i 'm not german , blame them . 
  actually i 'm spanish so we 're not that good in the debt department . 
  byzantium existed as a separate entity in 395 a.d so , no . 
  edit : before the republic , rome was a monarchy and was called rome , byzantium did n't until the division of the empire . 
  i know that , but for simplification i prefer the term byzantium/eastern roman empire . 
  specially since roman empire generally refers to the empire before the split and it 's linked with it 's stronger days . 
  typical nordic bullsh ... oh wait . 
  do something eu , they are your responsability after all !, 
  it 's called polandball , we moke countries stereotipes . 
  it 's the germans the ones supposed to lack a sense of humour not the frogs !, 
  silly ottoman , the gods say it was that way !, 
  on a serious note , i think it 's based on archeological evidence or something . 
  scandinavia is of arab !, 
  long time no see you muchacho !, 
  how 's been communism treating you ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  puerto rico ai n't got shit on cuba !, 
  they did n't even fought us the pussies !, 
  it 's spqr not sprq . 
  to be honest it was only little serbia , you should have crushed them , after all they did kill the heir . 
  it 's because of gypsy, 
  silly canadian , of course it does !, 
  of course it does ... ^ of ^ course ^ it ^ does, 
  espa\u00f1a is of glorious white !, 
  seriously though , the people in the southern parts are probably darker than the average turk . 
  is actually of clever nigerian trap . 
  oooh i see . 
  excuse me then . 
  is n't cambodia covered in land-mines ? 
  that might matter . 
  come one and all to indochina !, 
  we have every kind of explosive , from land-mines to bombs !, 
  i 'm affraid i 'm already a part of our glorious empire . 
  maybe you should look for barbarians northwards ? 
  we 've been having a shortage these last months . 
  i thought austria and germany already hated each other for reasons ? 
  i hope the french have their dr. \u00d6sterreich ointment . 
  pfahahahaha dirty frogs can not into more than 2 points . 
  are n't you supposed to be norwegian ? 
  anyways , it 's a song contest where all european countries and israel send someone to represent them , then the countries vote and things happen . 
  this year an austrian transvestite won and people booed russia . 
  also france only got 2 points . 
  the contest is famous for making great and delightful butthurt . 
  i do n't think so , at least not this year . 
  yup they did . 
  which just brings more to the question . 
  why it 's called eurovision if it 's not restricted to european countries only ? 
  having 0 points would have been better than 2 . 
  at least 0 is nice and round , but 2 ? 
  still has better english than `` oigt points go to ostria '', 
  you just do n't understand his particular pronunciation . 
  what happened in 1993-1994 ?
