  and all of our old colonies which you shamelessly stole from us . 
  well , we have one oversized austrian , a grumpy norweger , another norweger , ~ ~ an englishman who brews his own cider and stabs people in the tesco ~ ~ pierre , rs4k ( whom i might not add anything else in fear of removal ) , a maxican , an island norge , das reichtangle , uncle vorsy ( who i will not add anything in fear of that metallic horror from outter space of his ) , a drunken latvian with a rifle , a different coloured pole , a jew yorker and herr doktor . 
  ( and i think i 'm not forgetting anyone else ) . 
  so yes , you 're the closest thing to a woo men . 
  is that a team rocket reference ? 
  yeah , i dream of the day one would get here ... one day ... 
  lovely . 
  yup , and it 's reaching it 's end as well . 
  halt at once with das schei\u00dfe emojis !, 
  tell right now or i break legs . 
  well , we still have the carlists . 
  that has to count for something , right ? 
  nah , the carlistas appeared after fernando vii de borb\u00f3n died and his daughter had to take throne . 
  the carlistas chaps did n't take that too well and started three wars as well as aiding franco in his civil war . 
  when we entered hispania they were more to their own thing not really caring about the outside world . 
  well , the way of the northern spaniards are mysterious . 
  he 's right about the airports tho , so tiny . 
  nsfw is only to be used for actual nsfw comics , what wo n't be allowed is using nsfw because it gives away the punchilne or spoils something . 
  my shako !, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  riflesoldier will be pissed to know he missed the execution . 
  oh god the gender detector , we need that shit in the castle . 
  nor good at writing, 
  and we believe you , now step into this truck . 
  just get in . 
  plenty of gender , i long the days some actual feme would set foot in the castle . 
  then again i always have vorsy 's new toy that eats men through it 's gapping vagina . 
  in my polandball ?!, 
  _ impossible !!, 
  are those facial expressions ? 
  did n't you know about russia 's experiment with dogs ? 
  legitpizza pls, 
  i know , but i will stay say what i want as i am despot of this place . 
  more maltandsomeness ? 
  shqipare not allowed to have title, 
  it will heal back , 
  i can not confirm nor deny that . 
  `` i know what you did with those pierogis polan ! '', 
  i bet a lot of people that do it do n't know shit about the cause and just do it because it 's trendy . 
  we resorting to name calling now ? 
  kek, 
  i was n't questioning it 's effectiveness , i was making an observation . 
  by / u/sidebard himself, 
  yes they are . 
  is the west as the un describes . 
  not west geographically . 
  it has to do with the whole cold war thing of defining east and west . 
  you know comics do n't need to be necessarly accurate or anything , right ? 
  since ever . 
  yeah and portugal and ireland are always used the same way : drunk and lazy . 
  it gets tiring after the 7th time . 
  i ca n't seem to find it now , but i remember seeing somewhere that meta comics were not allowed . 
  greammor iz fer de week, 
  welcome to polandball, 
  i wish you would understand exaggeration for comedic purposes . 
  you should consider flairing up . 
  or you can always chose to get into that train that leads to happy camps . 
  crossposting is forbidden . 
  so we 're just waiting ? 
  they used a plain white flag for some time i believe . 
  but if all become one with mother russia , who will mother russia be mother of ? 
  i 'm affraid [ this pun ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dickrhinopuns/comments/2dsxw2/this_is_what_you_need_9/ ) has already been made and i 'll have to remove this . 
  good ? 
  that happened one year later after polan got the d in ' 39 . 
  still time for little baltics to shine ^ ^ and ^ ^ die, 
  of course . 
  most of the time they were n't insane . 
  just retarded . 
  it 's historically inaccurate because usa is not controled by jew, 
  but / r/spainball already fullfills that role . 
  that place only has one post by me about spanish provinces . 
  that subreddit is the biggest paradox since southern europe . 
  i do n't mod / r/provinceball, 
  i do , however , mod another subreddit about local subdivisions from a country known for it 's corruption , an increase in activity would surely be a good bribe for modship . 
  exceptions ? 
  like what ? 
  it 's 2:30 in the morning , do i look like i can think right now ? 
  technically it 's a x-post from a private sub i own , but i posted it there because i did n't know / r/provinceball was only for canada so ... x-post it is . 
  just so you know and everyone else too . 
  do not publicy / r/spainball somewhere without context ( i.e. 
  in a comic about persia fighting india to say something ) , just spamming links to / r/spainball is annoying and could get us in trouble with the mods of other subs . 
  i expect my royalties in form of karma tomorrow morning . 
  or there would be consequences . 
  many . 
  what lp has done today basically . 
  [ rightful roman clay !, 
  ] ( #smr ), 
  i am more prone to another kind of threats ... 
  depth = / = debt, 
  no you did n't hairy hellenic . 
  i can see jupiter when i look at the sky can you say the same about your bearded jew ?!, 
  you 're going to feed the lions in the amphitheatre btw . 
  what sort of crazy adventures await such dangerous odyssey ? 
  will i ever fix my shako ? 
  why is the space between my fingers sore again ? 
  this and more in the next chapter . 
  south korea likes to look fabolous all of the time . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
   or the ss . 
  ... nooo ...
