  it 's only racist if you consider them people . 
  a couple of bandaids and it 'll be as good as new . 
  all it needs for it to be resurrected is some jam\u00f3n serrano . 
  de bellota . 
  5 jotas minimum . 
  pls , jam\u00f3n only has positive effects , syaing otherwise is nothing but judeomasonic bolshevik propaganda spread by the enemies of la patria !, 
  it would be a 100 % true if we also included something about moors in the mix . 
  the only friend we need is murder and rape . 
  pls , spain is 100 % pure white , or something . 
  i forgot how the drill goes . 
  thing is , the half-moor half-jews in the peninsula are the portuguese . 
  we owuld n't want to take away from you the only good thign you 're at . 
  because you 're a shitty windshield . 
  if you take galicia you must also take rajoy . 
  it 's in the package . 
  it 's complicated . 
  goddamn biology always getting in the way of progress . 
  like that time it kept stalin from making an army of half-gorilla half-human supersoldiers ... 
  that 's what cocaine is for . 
  i bought it for 20 cents in a discount super . 
  fuck that shit costs more than double the price of normal , industrialised meat . 
  then the balls would eat each other . 
  [ puerto rico ] ( #green - text ), 
  a good flaw for canada would be its eternal death and everybody forgetting it ever existed . 
  when will sealand be finally put out of its missery and be banned ? 
  you speak like you know the horrors of the coat of arms . 
  by now i think i 've drawn almost every single coat of arms spain ever had . 
  i 'm just saying , we should go back to the cross of burgundy . 
  that 's why i support carlists . 
  it can be obsessed by whatever it wants in hell . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's what it has to be done . 
  ## dawaj na ring, 
  further proof of why spain did nothing wrong in america . 
  except argentina . 
  we 're sorry for that . 
  italy takes half the blame tho . 
  regionalism does not equal independence m8 . 
  from spain only three of those are legit independence movements . 
  seriously what the shit is andaluc\u00eda going to do if they become independent ? 
  starve to death ? 
  which is quite a shite recquirement . 
  i now could make a blog going `` gib independence to [ insert irrelevant shithole here ] '' and it would probably appear in that map . 
  this is polandball you should n't take anything seriously , besides , it 's the northerners the ones supposed to lack any sense of humour . 
  again , take everything in this sub with a truckload of salt . 
  specially if something begins with * seriously * . 
  this is highly inaccurate , since when does the pp even bother to answer , yet alone listen ? 
  we might be reaching traditionalism singularity . 
  he always gives the best advice . 
  silly comic i did in under 20 minutes . 
  not necessarly accurate . 
  or at least it was until the fucking valencianos decided to kick sa majestat rita barbera from power . 
  probably after they got that single neuron working again . 
  or maybe they got tired of el caloret . 
  i shall tolerate it , for this once . 
  plus now that the elections are soon upon us they 're trying to pretend like we exist . 
  wich is nice , i guess . 
  thanks !, 
  i literally lost the first mission after a bunch of north korean conscripts overrun my tank column . 
  what do ? 
  so , i should n't have attacked , right ? 
  so , does that mean that i * should * use human wave , or that i should n't ? 
  allright , i 'll try that next time , thank you . 
  yes you can , it 's called not being so uptight about mspaint drawn comics . 
  goddamn chinese and their cheap and massive industry , they will make our high quality european gassing to devalue !, 
  yes , also polandball , which we all know ** must ** be accurate . 
  armored warfare lost it 's charm after world war two anyways . 
  that 's part of the charm . 
  zaragoza , castell\u00f3n or going to french catalonia . 
  it 's banned in all of catalonia iirc . 
  islam will forever fail in the peninsula because of jam\u00f3n serrano . 
  truth hurts, 
  we should give them galicia , only thing to come out of there was franco and rajoy . 
  sacrifices must be made . 
  * and * migas . 
  proper ones , not the andalusian kind . 
  there 's no sao whatever on our flair sheet , so you 're shit out of luck . 
  that 's effort . 
  plus i do not want to fuck around cuntryball 's css , that place is volatile . 
  no stinky brs allowed in cuntryballs mod team, 
  i 'll be the one deciding that . 
  and unless you start loosening the money you 're gon na be blacker than argentina . 
  no modship for you then . 
  not in the flairhseet , nothing i can do . 
  was the black to represent the argentinians in a future annexation ? 
  make her demon queen and terrorise italy . 
  make your own anti-pope as well . 
  the right to wear a flair . 
  it 's always good to see brothers have a good relationship with their mother . 
  well , well , well , look who came crawling into most glorious / r/spainball, 
  it 's to make more precise and efficient insults . 
  it is recquired as per eu law # 4562b, 
  certainly has nothing to do with the lack of a public / r/portugalball ? 
  it 's ok , for what this sub concerns , portugal still belongs to spain . 
  also thanks , it was made many moons ago by yours truly . 
  i would laugh at you but i actually made / r/extremaduraball ages ago . 
  it 's mine !, 
  mine !, 
  that 's even more desolate than extremadura, 
  inb4 some japanese ultranationalist takes this seriously and uses it as propaganda , just to be arrested for not censoring the genitals .
