  the interior of extremadura ? 
  if your infamy duplicates your infamy limit or something like that your country becomes a rebel party , easily armeis of 10k rebels start poping up everywhere daily . 
  and in my capital an army of 105k rebels poped up , that was game over with 4 fronts opened . 
  i 'm from spain i know what is siesta . 
  and at least where i live no one closes the shops during siesta . 
  my point is , if someone does close the shop it must be in the southernmost parts of spain like andalusia or extremadura , mostly because temperature there gets inhumanly hot . 
  the sole purpose of the hre is to piss people off . 
  is n't it called serbocroatian and only varies if they use cirylic or latin alfabet ? 
  basically , i would n't blame if people do n't want to work outside when there 's 40\u00ba c waiting for them . 
  i do n't want to go back there !, 
  it smells to old furniture !, 
  besides i do n't belong there , i 'm the greatest empire of them all !, 
  i conquered europe and brought civilization !, 
  it was operated by a human and according to wikipedia a man could fit in there without the need of being a contorsionist . 
  it did n't work out much good for napoleon . 
  do you really want to give them an excuse to have sea again ? 
  do n't take the illusion out of them , since triannon they have been on the down . 
  curious is ~ ~ dai ~ ~ viet nam still communist ? 
  no trick or politburo ? 
  a bit like mussolini actually . 
  but putin does n't wear a hat with a number one . 
  yet . 
  the uk was a shitty world police though . 
  i 'm waiting for the day they make a simulator about being part of the burocracy . 
  it 's the prize of all being drug addicts and gender . 
  we all regret it . 
  although i do n't know if it 's because i have osme grade or phobia or because it 's plain disgusting . 
  did mussolini believe he was a general and gave the order of the armies himself ? 
  that would explain a lot of things . 
  i 'm curious , where are you from fellow citizen ? 
  i mean a german simulator , papers , please is fun and does n't go ultra-realistic , but what fun is there if it 's not like w\u00f6rk ? 
  for it 's own sake . 
  no monies for international call . 
  my money is on mspaint, 
  you mean the roman empire , right ? 
  in for this we thank you . 
  rome was superior to barbarians , i blame corrupt barbarians destroying rome from inside because they were jealous of glorious roman empire . 
  it would be interesting to make a poll and see how many polandballers play europa universalis and civilization . 
  my guess around 70 %, 
  you mean freedom \u2122 football ? 
  south americans arguing about football ? 
  where 's me popcorn ? 
  it 's not like mexico was n't a spanish colony or anything ... 
  funnily enough prior to wwii germany was helping spain squash the other spain . 
  * like communism but with art !, 
  wait , was n't it a kebab/albanian/turk conspiracy ? 
  one could say you 're hungary por peace . 
  i 'll go in the corner now . 
  you were asking for it , i 'm just the messenger . 
  the `` new shirt '' part was a nice touch . 
  not big surprise , they did the same with catalonia or practically anything that was n't the particular view of spain franco had . 
  perhaps his great grandfather was sent to mauthausen , maybe yours knew him while watching him over the tower . 
  to be honest i knew he was joking , i just wanted to see his reaction . 
  and that matter does n't affect me the same way it would to you , my grandfather fought on the francoist side . 
  although because he had the luck of doing the `` mili '' in melilla . 
  in the matter of advancement it 's arguable . 
  a lot of intelectuals fled spain during the civil war and represion that franco instaured and his politic of `` ya inventar\u00e1n otros '' just ended up making spain have problems to catch up to europe . 
  serbia is east croatia . 
  serbia is actually of albanian kebab . 
  there was poor people who thought he was right , that he would mend up the nation , spain was going through some serious shit back then and the catholic church was very powerful , since the anarchists and other groups began burning churches it did n't costed much for the priests to convince the population that franco was the solution . 
  it probably was the jews , after all they 're behind of everything . 
  if russia sent enough men they would eventually take finland , but the casualties would be enough to send poland to the moon . 
  seven eyes means you can look at more polandball at the same time . 
  such efficiency would make germany proud . 
  jews ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  communists and anarchists had a lot of influence but the government was a coalition of all the left-winged political parties . 
  oc please do n't steal . 
  during the time , the cnt-fai were really big in all of catalonia , to the point that they were the ones who organized the militias to help defeat general goded 's efforts to capture the city in the first days . 
  they were as powerful as the local government in catalonia and had a lot of people backing them . 
  about the timezone change i 'm affraid i do n't know much about it . 
  ... and european ... 
  [ charles ii of habsburg has all the pussy . 
  the last war the italians won on their own was against ethiopia . 
  and it was on their second try . 
  half of it made out of inestable african countries . 
  of lies , it says berndmade . 
  it 's easy , if english is not the mother language of these countries , then they speak engrish . 
  4 day weekend for some parts of spain too !, 
  is n't that something at european level ? 
  ( european union level that is ), 
  we also have that break . 
  not as long as they have bier . 
  russians do n't have books , they write things in the back of live bears . 
  i just hope they nerf afganistan this time . 
  do n't you have some wildlife to kill before it kills you ? 
  do n't worry , soon they will be under the sea . 
  stealing all these scientists from the nazis was worth it , eh ? 
  indonesia has pointy hat . 
  i know , mine was n't serious either , this is polandball after all . 
  i 'm affraid then you 'll have the monopoly of nice people . 
  now that 's just overdoing it . 
  they should teach in schools using eu iv, 
  did n't you used to be best friends or something ? 
  poland seems innocent , but deep inside there 's still a winged hussar there . 
  i 'm affraid you included rednecks in that number . 
  all except french , but then again it could be that they have a baguette lodged up their throats , that would explain that horrid pronunciation . 
  swedish is getting ready to make a new empire , with their games they will make more mercenaries to enlist and fight their wars for them . 
  french change the ` r ' into some wird ` g ' , at least the french near the spanish border . 
  some of the most anti-communist states had significant portions of red in their flags .
