  annexing andorra would be a huge mistake tho , where owuld people go to buy tobacco ? 
  chaos would ensue, 
  a t-34 covered in rubber . 
  literally the moment i forget to check the sub daily the shitposters appear . 
  removed . 
  i 'm too recently awake to add anything . 
  extremly 100 % factually correct and accurate collaboration between / u/hansafan and me . 
  estimed support from the northerner in the final panel and the britbongs ' chatter . 
  huh ? 
  not particularly ? 
  i 'm currently not in the best mental state for remembering things . 
  do n't shitpost and drink kids, 
  no , you play as the admiral that gives orders to the anthropowhatever anime girls . 
  those memes would n't happen if the pagoda did n't rival the tower of pissa, 
  such is life, 
  / u/hansafan is truly a blacksmith of words, 
  if i did n't like it i would n't have spent two hours drawing the fuso panel, 
  would make it faster as well, 
  [ dem antitorpedo bulges , dat citadel ] ( http://orig10.deviantart.net/eb5d/f/2007/018/d/d/fuso_class_bb_protection_by_lioness_nala.jpg ), 
  never enough dakka, 
  best floating hotel tho . 
  fuck off poland, 
  jewish conspiracy most likely . 
  thank you kindly anyways . 
  the fuso was considered one of the worst postings in the ijn , someone already explained why in this thread . 
  it is . 
  fucking northerners do n't even eat at proper hours . 
  brb getting dinner, 
  taiwan real china, 
  next collab i do the punchline and you do the rest . 
  more like a pinky finger . 
  jk , that last panel was grorious, 
  they extended to the whole country, 
  let it die already plox, 
  that is how i pronounce his name actually . 
  100 % true and factual recreation of how the mop was invented . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  much obligued . 
  wait until you find out i 've posted three in total within these last two months . 
  time to dissapear for another two years . 
  no matter how much the enemy tries , you 'll never run out of conscripts . 
  the only thing arkan did n't do for me was more arkan, 
  christmas came earlier this year !, 
  glorious, 
  [ hopefully it 's the right size ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tr3kl3f.png ), 
  kiribati is in the region of micronesia tho . 
  or three hours depending on mm 's mood . 
  yeah but who cares about canada, 
  make america gross again, 
  kids these days, 
  on the bright side their friendly fire is reliably present, 
  image rape is allowed here , no need to ask for consent ; ; ; ; , 
  last i heard dayz standalone is extremly buggy and even worse optimised than arma 3 . 
  if you get arma3 at the very least you get more freedom since you can try out different mods like exile and breaking point ( was that the name of the mod ? 
  what will we do without you marques ? 
  thank you for your service ; _ ; 7, 
  the immigrants wo n't assimilate !, 
  they 'll bring forced remove kebab memes !, 
  i unironically liked dat boi, 
  unless you come here with a job prepare to feel the unemployment . 
  never really happened to me , are you playing any mod ? 
  i have n't played modded warband in a while , but vanilla does n't really generate lag after a couple hours or so . 
  could be the mods . 
  when will anglos be banned ? 
  i was promised this 3 years ago !, 
  removal of all anglos , simple enough, 
  i honestly do n't care what methods are carried out , all i want is no more anglos . 
  the `` muh heritage '' anglos are the worst ones, 
  it 's ok brits are arabs not anglos, 
  probably because it makes drawing the flag harder, 
  that but forever, 
  you end up sooner saying what they have in common . 
  arma is also much much slower paced , greater focus on tactical approach , much bigger in scale and overall just a completly different game experience . 
  try shooting at someone further than 3 meters away in third person . 
  becomes utterly useles at distances of more than a 100 meters tho, 
  you humble me, 
  montenegro, 
  huehuehuehuehue gibe monies or i reprot u, 
  the ironskin stat can also help a bit . 
  stellaris is not a gsg tho , it 's a 4x . 
  lol murica, 
  lol murica, 
  i do n't think stellaris needs to be reconverted to gsg . 
  it is what it is , does n't need to be euiv in space . 
  not saying i 'm opposed to a space gsg , i just do n't think it 's necessary to make stellaris become one . 
  this remove announcement will have as much plot and thought into the dialogue as the panel itself . 
  oh fuck yes muh mild internaet authority yadda yadda . 
  art 's good tho . 
  make a comic with a plot and whatever and it 'd be a good submission , this however , too little . 
  they 're pretty much the same with some lexic changes nowadays . 
  you 're one of the few artists that i always check their comics whenever i happen upon the mainsub . 
  this some gud shit, 
  literally never saw that flag , and neither is that region an autonomous community . 
  i live in spain and i had never heard of the region , let alone the flag . 
  except for foreign words like stop , no . 
  and an ` a ' at the end and you get estopa, 
  those stars represent the overall skill of the general leading the army, 
  this is my insightful analysis after many years of detailed study . 
  i made it in comic form to share with the world this deep , thoughtful and emotive story of epic proportions . 
  i think i deserve at least four and a half buzzard wings or whatever the hell they 're called .
