  was there a plan to begin with ? 
  stay away from it . 
  tower had minor accident and need repair . 
  man in window trying to sleep , gets angry and throws rock at poor bastard . 
  ( who works at 4:20 am anyways ? 
  ` bout that , how is little reichy growing ? 
  for no particular reason . 
  in good time ? 
  will it be too long ? 
  mainly to decide if start making plan or not . 
  i mean , no plans here . 
  obviously . 
  just keep looking out the window . 
  oh yeah , but forgot my wallet in the old shako , would you mind lending me some money ? 
  you know how to reach to the hearth of a habsburgist !, 
  well , do i look like i have pockets ? 
  does that mean i have the day off ? 
  unless he has another set below, 
  how do you know it 's saltier ? 
  i can assure you they do shag each other for reproduction . 
  had more chanting 8-balls, 
  it 's been too long since last time i watched zulu , should rewatch some time around . 
  siberia is a cold place , and i took what was n't on the shako . 
  ... you sure ? 
  happy d\u00eda del pastel !, 
  xkim pls, 
  i 'm going to cut your head and put it on a pike, 
  lol no . 
  america is wack, 
  for anyone wondering , yes that 's an old and dirty scarf . 
  and the thing under it is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/idw42xz.png ), 
  omg !, 
  the historical inaccuracy !, 
  usa never killed imperial spain !, 
  blablabla butthurt !, 
  seriously now , nice comic !, 
  ask the emperor himself . 
  [ siberia is huge as fuck ] ( http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/88/64388-004-06049d9c.gif ), 
  basic moderator subdual kit ? 
  i claim this in the name of rome, 
  he already did m8, 
  in the 500 mods new subs thread . 
  the lack of punery pills \u2122 is affecting you, 
  but the kanzler said ... 
  wait , the mini-ban was imposed a month ago . 
  and then the jlp ... ... 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  he seems ok with it , why ca n't you ? 
  check your thin privilege . 
  then we must fight , for i am pledged to the skinny kingdom . 
  i 'll se you in the battlefield my friend . 
  [ better now ? 
  you should be ashamed of yourself for forcing a spaniard to do more than the absolute minimum . 
  i do n't need the pity of such a terrible kanzler who wo n't forgive a little corruption and treason under his sovereignity . 
  what is in misterious blue box ? 
  who knows . 
  will that annoying russkie ever shut up ? 
  doubtful, 
  h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4h\u00c4, 
  after 200 putin statues you end up getting good at it . 
  and these motherfuckers only give me a 5 % of the benefits ( half of it ends up spent in vodka ), 
  on mobile right now so it fucks up . 
  also you underestimate my love for my shako . 
  say thanks i 'm in siberia and i do n't have a pickelhaube at hand m8, 
  edit : happy cake day , keep it away form sidelard, 
  rogues are gender ? 
  it 's fun because it makes the kanzler cry, 
  it 's puntastic , is n't it ? 
  but were good wars !, 
  much clay gained !, 
  ( please ignore the whole hannibal issue ), 
  it 's ok , paper and crayons many expensive in siberia , this delayed my return again . 
  no more letters from me . 
  but victory nontheless . 
  annexation, 
  this is getting retarded dr, 
  at least have some diversity you racist, 
  and you technically posted this tomorrow , so you should already be in day 3 . 
  you 're getting rusty dickrhino . 
  wow !, 
  informative comment !, 
  uppoland for you, 
  i ai n't hiding , i 'm earning my bread !, 
  why would i ? 
  it 's a good thing they were so good at bed diplomacy , otherwise their life would 've been really hard . 
  victoria ? 
  more like defeat . 
  we all know half the richness of austria today comes from selling ointment . 
  but if i tell you you 'll steal my bread . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  you think i 'm stupid enough to eat icelandic food ? 
  thank you , but i find your lack of flair disturbing . 
  go grab some in the sidebar . 
  now my diet consists exclusively of vodka and stonepowder-covered bread . 
  i do n't need more to survive . 
   karrig seems to be primarily driven by the lust for his lost hat . 
  this is pants-on-head retarded, 
  you win this time vaginahipopotamus . 
  when puns are back in die keller i hope i get the pleasure of doing the ethnic cleansing . 
  [ you sure about that last part ?
