  europe but without african killing relief during inter-war periods . 
  tis i did n't know . 
  better dead than french pronunciation . 
  does the rule apply to contests too ? 
  not into worryings , rise of sea will take care of problem . 
  and then pick the money again ... 
  glorious latin alfabet above all . 
  seriously though , i heard that chinese is pretty hard and that people in china can not learn the newspapers until the age of 15 because of the characters getting complicated or osmething . 
  lent you a hand ? 
  is god belgium ? 
  is of gender, 
  i heard it was an overpopulated and oversized town . 
  since meta is baned there are no comics serving as propaganda of the mods , then it would truly be cult of personality . 
  like the last two times ? 
  you need to take into account the lunch breaks , wich are about five per half an hour and last 5 minutes . 
  silly portugal , of course it 's all fault of the greeks , trust me , why would i lie to you ? 
  did n't i gave you glorious latin alfabet ? 
  ( even though you put funny stuff on it ), 
  remove water from premises !, 
  i 'm not very updated in the subject , is the situation as bad as a couple of days ? 
  oh well that sucks , hope the situation gets better soon . 
  the parts involved with alcohol ingest . 
  yes , and maybe reform to good ol' rome , anyone ? 
  do n't lie to yourself , you ca n't be mad at cubans , no one can . 
  do n't dare yell at me northen mexico !, 
  they neglected the gods , and now the gods are kinda pissed . 
  you all look same . 
  there , problem solved . 
  bigger china is of many dangerous , it will need to relocate part of it 's smog to the new clay and thus maing the rest less smogy , which will end up in a dissaster since all of the koffings of the land would die . 
  good tanks were invented in germany though . 
  exactly . 
  and now we all speak barbarian . 
  and i blame you dirty britannia , you used to be a good roman province , now you speak in a barbaric language and pray to odd gods . 
  all except the ones that agree with my point of view , obviously . 
  -1 for being flairless . 
  who the fuck stoles bags that are put there to avoid flooding ? 
  the ones that stole the bags better not fucking complain when their houses become part of the river . 
  i never understood why put the symbol infront instead of behind , you do n't say pounds 120 , you say 120 pounds . 
  then again , english . 
  i think you suffer a severe case of flairlesness and taking polandball and it 's comment section seriously . 
  then you can totally trust him . 
  and ate raw babies . 
  the difference is that gyspyes do not look like portuguese so they are easily recognisable . 
  it happens everywhere . 
  ten denars that the top hated block wins . 
  in polandball nationalism is usually used comedicaly , of course there 's always someone who actually thinks like that but usually you should take it as nothing more than a joke , because we all know you barbarians are all inferior to glorious roman empire and you are good for nothing more than being slaves and building my aqueducts . 
  the balcans do n't know the meaning of `` peaceful coexistence '', 
  everywhere as in this sub , or outside too ? 
  you 're mixing up serbia with somalia . 
  it 's / r/worldnews after all . 
  i know , but serbia muts be worst pirate ever then , can not into sea . 
  i live in spain and i know how gypsies look , generally they are kinda darker in skin but it 's easier to differentiate them by their sense of fashion which involves shittons of gold chains . 
  that 's getting harder to diferentiate though , since an urban tribe notorious for being retarded ( localy named `` canis '' ) also like to wear shittons of gold and like some forms of gypsy culture and listening to flamenco like gypsyes . 
  but the thing is that mostly the local populance detects an ethnic gypsy because they tend to be kind of isolated from the rest of society but if i recall correctly gypsys are all from the same region and since they are , or were , nomads ended up scatered across the world but still tend to look the same due to the isolation and margination they suffered across history . 
  of course that varies from place to place , i guess in regions like andalusia it may be harder to tell apart , or not , i can only speak in differences between gypsys and locals in the region of catalonia . 
  referencia a `` el intermedio '' ? 
  all hail the paradox master race !, 
  i bet he ca n't even into casus belli . 
  well then you ca n't really tell them apart that easily , but gypsys do share the same ethnicity between them so yes they could still be recognised from another ethnicity that is significantly different , the same way you can tell apart different ethnicities . 
  there are gypsyes that do n't follow the traditional lifestyle of strict family ties and the like and just integrate in their countries culture . 
  and yes , i 'm affraid the subculture of being utterly retarded has spread across the world . 
  the corruption there began getting pretty retarded after so many years , i mean , suits , fucking suits . 
  you forgot all of the colonies , the dutch , the southern italians ... 
  tito mc, 
  and it was n't the first time the germans broke in through belgium . 
  yes , that 's why you do n't see him or his border . 
  so you could say that you * ate * the maginot, 
  that 's by default . 
  and i think the galicians are up to something , but then again , they say neither no nor yes . 
  well breaking through belgium the first time did n't work specially well . 
  and doing so made the uk join the war which will later make the us of 'm join the party too . 
  france has never brought anything good here anyways . 
  everyone laughs at andorra , but andorra one day will launch it 's attack and take all of europe , including russia . 
  sad thing , he actually was n't a bad king . 
  and specially bad idea getting the retarded name stealing fernando vii back . 
  also , if i recall correctly he actually was n't a drunk but he was painted as such because propaganda reasons . 
  there are more eastern european gypsyes than irish gypsy . 
  it 's like matter and anti-matter , the one with more wins . 
  says much about who ruled these lands , does n't it ? 
  the amount of retarded kings we had , and how utter retarded they were must be a world record of sorts , i 'm surprised the empire lasted as much with the incompetence of some rulers . 
  the one less laughed at and with less butthurt can claim the closest thing to victory . 
  it 's like the retarded version of gladiators fights , except both get killed in the end . 
  as long as they do n't jam as frequently as those m16 you brought to vietnam ... 
  well you see , the problem is that the figure in question had absolute power about everything under it 's rule and could do as it pleased . 
  also , according to europa universalis a comet can destabilize your whole country , why would n't a retarded king ? 
  funny , here we say the same about french ( taking another language over french , that is ), 
  we blame the barbarians . 
  then again , not surprised a viking can not into civilization . 
  and yet you will never be . 
  so , how long until it is considered your culture and have casus belli over the land ? 
  what you just read barbarian !, 
  you are not glorious roman empire , you will never be roman empire . 
  even romania more roman empire than you !, 
  of course we did , do you think the carlists popped out of thin air ? 
  we were as absolutist as it gets . 
  you see , the problem comes when the king imposes it 's wishes on the economy , that 's protectionism and mercantilism for you . 
  basically the colonies could n't trade freely with whom they wished and it had to go to spain and then economic stuff would happen . 
  also too many silver and gold very bad for economy . 
  actually the only foreign language we romans are willing to learn is greek . 
  the rest is the language my slaves speak .
