  all wooden plank belongs to the proletariat comrade . 
  ## fire totally unintentional, 
  i do n't post stuff because i do n't get any ideas to make comics of mainly , that 's the only reason . 
  also watch what you say / r/cuntryballs is my waifu . 
  and to answer / u/lillahjerte and anyone else wondering , no i 'm not a mod anymore , i did most of the flairs for the comunidades aut\u00f3nomas and left . 
  and i must note i did fuck up with murcia and did the flair of murcia ciudad . 
  not like anyone else in that place lives outside of there anyways so not that important . 
  one might think that the rise of fascism was mainly due to economic crisis , you know , like last time . 
  nonsense . 
  everyone knows it was the jews . 
  swiss are basically mountain jews to be fair . 
  nah , if they 're unfinished it 's for a reason , either the joke was crappy or there was none . 
  half of them did n't even made it past the two panels anyways . 
  nah nothing to worry about , i do n't like the idea of the sub dying , but then again i ca n't complain much since i 'm not contributing . 
  how do you expect me to * not * throw browner people than me into the frontlines as cannon fodder ? 
  the german zweihander was the ultimate answer to the eternal question of straight blade or curved . 
  so , no one thought about making a bacon bazooka ? 
  just like spain , one works and three supervise !, 
  it seems to be grey on the map , so most likely not . 
  you probably did something to deserve it . 
  i approve . 
  how much does germany have to spend on broomsticks to prove to the world that they are n't nazis anymore ? 
  nothing confuses me more than asians going neo-nazi . 
  do n't thye have their own brand of fascism to rip-off ? 
  i sink it is . 
  original thread [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2f9iq3/ugandas_idea/ ), 
  one has to find happiness in the little things . 
  north vietnam seriously has to improve their pirotechnic play , yeah the bang sure was loud , but what about the fancy colours ? 
  plus the fact that they ca n't even manage to make the firework go up . 
  try again next year i guess . 
  thanks m8 !, 
  we all know that all of mexico is a desert, 
  pls , p\u00e1prika could n't even hold to more than half of their own country . 
  both of you are making me want to scoop my eyes out and inmolate myself . 
  here we can see the rare and fascinating toilet paper roll in it 's natural habitat , marvellous !, 
  el comandante hugo chavez would be so proud ... 
  let 's see ... 
  try again argentino . 
  we only sold them florida , which i can say it was most definetly worth it . 
  well we * do * throw that word left and right , but we tend to know them first . 
  i 'm curious , how did they react ? 
  dont ' be stupid , it 's obviously passenger . 
  \u0426\u0410\u0420 is tsar in cyrillic . 
  ## put beer in my beer, 
  a rebellion does not run on hope and rape . 
  most of the time that is . 
  originally thought as a quick silly lil ' comic . 
  until i added the flammenwerfer and struggled for weeks with the lighting . 
  then a certain someone whose name might begin by [ h and end in ansafan ] ( / u/hansafan ) came to the rescue and helped me with the big , thick , golden throne and the lighting in the flammenwerfer panel . 
  my kind regards to that person . 
  a rebellion does not run on hope and rape . 
  most of the time that is . 
  originally thought as a quick silly lil ' comic . 
  until i added the flammenwerfer and struggled for weeks with the lighting . 
  then a certain someone whose name might begin by [ h and end in ansafan ] ( / u/hansafan ) came to the rescue and helped me with the big , thick , golden throne and the lighting in the flammenwerfer panel . 
  my kind regards to that person . 
  to build you must destroy first . 
  in this case i 'm not going to build anything , but waste the gold in useless luxuries and more vodka for the troops . 
  what can i say , my palace needs another 20 restrooms and my mercedes-benz collection is still not complete . 
  you should know that herr gro\u00dfe torte ... 
  that would recquire divine intervention . 
  easy there , no one deserves to be blamed by the mess that is the uk . 
  alternate title : * spanish civil war , tl ; dr version *, 
  pls , there are no carlists there for that . 
  i toyed with the idea of putting an anarchist flag in the rock , then i thought it would be too obvious . 
  i did n't say anything , this is open for interpretation , i do not make myself responsible of any injuries caused by communists . 
  not enough american rape for that . 
  much more accurate as well . 
  it 's almost like civil wars are complex and bloody things that can not be divided between good and bad despite what propaganda says . 
  you really ca n't miss when your target is in your nose and unable to fight back . 
  aaaaah carlistas , ca n't live without them , ca n't live with them . 
  i mean , i would n't have gotten my submission rights without the carlist wars . 
  i.imgur is only the image , the other has all that bollocks surrounding it . 
  alternate title : * spanish civil war , a resume . 
  also i 've no idea . 
  it 's probably inspired by that one , but i did not make it . 
  around half of it . 
  the other half comes from galicians . 
  because the flag is quite shite . 
  [ catalan ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ calling valencianos brothers ] ( #green - text ), 
  the end truly is near . 
  i think that had more to do with the universe going insane . 
  no such thing in polandball, 
  maybe japan should 've been a little bit more specific against what to crash against . 
  you do not defeat the invading demons by crashing against mountains . 
  germans have always had a hard-on for japanese . 
  probably because of their asian ordnung . 
  that 's preposterous , we would never give them the blanket , maybe rub it on them but we would take it back . 
   barbarian implies they can into civilisation, 
  wot ? 
  barbarians are literally the lowest of lows . 
  a perfect example of the effectivity of american educational system . 
  ## un involved in africa, 
  that 's hard , they needed that rock to bash the nationalists in the head with . 
  just germanic countries being germanic . 
  [ original thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2ifpk2/ordnung_muss_sein/ ), 
  i eventually decided against it and see if people make the same mistake twice . 
  that 's a factor too . 
  they finally answered , tho literally nothing has happened .
