  specially not morocco, 
  so did everywhere . 
  medium american counts as one and a half standard chinese tho . 
  half of africa is still france ? 
  i hope bosnia wins . 
  you do n't want to see what 's underneath those eyepatches . 
  it 's for the better . 
  yeah , i just noticed . 
  do n't worry we 'll say they are the native american spirits coming to avenge their siblings . 
  or mutated native-americans for that matter . 
  now with 100 % less number 7 and antenna !, 
  i 'm not mocking blind people . 
  keep various things in mind : do n't take polandball seriously , the crests are supposed to be eyepatches according to their position , austria-hungary is not a person . 
  too late , they already took the beaches and the vacation resorts . 
  we just lost sitges . 
  serbia drowned to death . 
  diseases took over eritrea . 
  finland is out of booze as you can see . 
  the gyspy launcher got stolen by gypsys . 
  somalia and usa killed each other in the pirate cosplay convention ( actually usa fell from the stairs and crushed poor somalia , usa died soon after , like a whale stuck on shore ) . 
  mexico was taking a nap . 
  taliban was removing israel and australia got killed by [ emus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ) . 
  i shall stone to death a blind person now . 
  i can, 
  quick !, 
  we must do something or they may settle near a russian gamba colony !, 
  but gay also tourists . 
  we will recquire to make a decision . 
  russian moni or glitter moni . 
  hard times are coming ... 
  i know . 
  shhh ... 
  it will be our little secret . 
  [ this brittany ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brittany ), 
  now , now . 
  you do n't want to end up in * ze train * do you ? 
  you disgust me . 
  indian sweatshop ? 
  really ?!, 
  who still buys things from indians when you have chinese ? 
  i 'm affraid we , the pleb , enjoy simpler things . 
  you might prefer / r/snobcunts better . 
  i am all of the above . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's quite a simple joke , canada and usa are in a desert . 
  canada summons the united kingdom , since it 's so rainy in the isles the uk carries the rain wherever it goes . 
  sure you do ... 
  i can confirm you 're dead since you lack a flair . 
  where do you think * ze train * leads ? 
  well ... 
  yes . 
  i like it . 
  thanks !, 
  ## this reminds me of oscar mayer ##, 
  ## with oil ##, 
  you do n't want to see that part . 
  you still need to flair up . 
  i never saw it so , is one of those coincidences . 
  was n't there some sort of puppet state like the vichy government in france instaured in serbia ? 
   guiltless angels, 
  that 's impossible in the balkans . 
  come on . 
  it 's not like your reputation can get * any * worse . 
  let me see , you already have the whole genocide stuff from the 90s , communism , gypsys , being in the balkans , eastern yuropoor , orthodox , southern russia , mafia , being drowned by furious river , cetniks ... 
  being nazi wo n't harm that reputation much . 
  the only thing that can ruin it * even more * is sharia law . 
  wait , guiltcard can be used by non-belligerent countries that sent troops to the front ? 
  because spain could use some monies . 
  then why you gib monies to bulgary and israel ? 
  and i want to believe you serbia , but i can see those fine chaps drinking vodka and punching a homosex while shouting `` ottoman no more '', 
  then you must be out of stock . 
  but serbia . 
  you is the nazi, 
  anti-semite !, 
  racist !, 
  holocaust !, 
  holocaust !, 
  gib submarines, 
  why not both ? 
  or you of antisemite again ? 
  holocaust never 4get !, 
  good bussiness as always goyim . 
  finlan is of nazi again !, 
  many discrimination !, 
  holocaust !, 
  holocaust !, 
  beautiful ; _ ;, 
  it 's not sunday . 
  can confirm . 
  fucker tried to take western europe from me . 
  yet he is now forgoten while i have glory . 
  you 're secretly laughing , admit it . 
  if you get a flair you 'll feel better , trust me . 
  did n't the soviets just wait for polish troops to get murdered in warsaw while they faffed around ? 
  you 're under arrest for exceeding the daily pun limit . 
  plox step into * ze train *, 
  north korea would recquire to have a reliant way of launching their nukes for that . 
  and no , a slingshot is not one . 
  it was so shit we used it to exiliate people there .
