  and let 's not talk about your father , basically because i 've got no idea who he is . 
  is that something bad ? 
  if it 's in the forest it 's probably searching for mushrooms . 
  you would nuke your holiday destination . 
  we all know the ballearic islands are already deutsches lebensraum , without the levantin coast you do n't have much else . 
  this is the deal , you gib us gibraltar , we gib you valencia , of good deal right ? 
  sorry , i do n't take orders from inexistent countries and/or provinces of the spanish empire . 
  i guess you know that you are even weaker and more irrelevant than belgium and that your existence , along belgiums , is questionable ? 
  at least i shaped the world to come and follow the culture i gave them , you can only into getting subjugated . 
  i guess dreaming is free . 
  or be relevant . 
  before or after they were colonised by people from madrid in desperate search of sea ? 
  when not even france wants your clay you know you ca n't get lower . 
  ^ ^ ^ low ^ countries ^ he ^ he, 
  i know , i was talking about germany . 
  austria-hungary greatest feat in the war was to not collapse around ' 16 . 
  kebab union, 
  the organization of gavrilo princip , the one who shot franz ferdinand , is believed to be backed by another organization named the `` black hand '' , and since belgium had quite a violent rule with leopold ii in the congo where they cut hands of the natives who were black ... 
  i guess you can already make yourself a mental image . 
  because : empire, 
  then why are you here ? 
  wanting to start a flame war ? 
  otherwise , dunno . 
  i know you find it sexy , do n't try to hide it magyar, 
  maybe you meant / r/cgpgrey ? 
  greece has the province of macedonia , macedonia ( the ex-yugoslavian republic , that is ) claims to be also macedonia . 
  now they basically fight for that . 
  your average balkan dispute . 
  at least this time with less genocide . 
  do n't you know the greeks ? 
  they would be delighted to know that the kebabs suffered because of them . 
  also it 's considered a honor in europe to have a great personality from your country that fucked up foreign lands . 
  more like ayatollah farage bin khalifa, 
  i got a heart attack by looking at it . 
  and the flag . 
  there 's also the greeks saying that the macedonians are stealing their culture and the macedonians saying that they are true macedon or something like that . 
  as i said before , it 's the balkans , everyone * needs * to have problems with at least one of their neighbourgs to be in that place . 
  nor we wanted , everyone knows jew spontaneously generate money . 
  that backfired though . 
  panama needed liberation from itself , it had to be cut in half , there was no other way , freedom needed to flow . 
  that 'd be the galicians . 
  i 'd rather commit seppuku than speak french , thank you very much . 
  this is getting out of control now . 
  there is no such thing as too much lebensraum, 
  gypsy magic !, 
  were n't you the ones who sided with the kebabs to try and steal more balkanic clay ? 
  not to spoil our secret plans but , there 's word that we 'll be shipping a large number of french natives to gibraltar and have them stay there . 
  communism, 
  and how many without using catalonian flair ? 
  chinese communism, 
  the reichtangle is not the german empire, 
  no , reichtangle it 's a future 4th reich . 
  can we go back to the habsburgs ? 
  i liked them better . 
  this time we should ask austria for guarranty though , the last habsburg we had was defective . 
  eu is growing soft, 
  eu is of having own culture . 
  all of it . 
  i 'm waiting for the carlists to start another uprising , who is the pretender nowadays ? 
  needs more bald eagles . 
  open the borders and soon you will have real mexican stuff with real mexicans in real northern mexico, 
  falir up or we flare you up !, 
  freezza, 
  at least it 's not another alfonso , we had 13 of them , it 's because they are runing out of names or something ? 
  hussar prime would be something i 'd like to see, 
  they are not respondible for the french language, 
  fuck that , nothing says ` spanish ' like eusebio . 
  now that would be a good monarch name . 
  i can confirm . 
  not necessary restricted to only countries . 
  we did n't plunger them !, 
  they just dissapeared !, 
  like armenians !, 
  i can feel the freedom flowing through me . 
  i need me some burgers and sunglasses , damn i 'm hungry . 
  two things :, 
  first , i thought that in order to be considered a german citizen you had to enjoy playing train simulators , or truck simulators , or bus simulators , or ... simulators in general . 
  second , how many maxis are here ? 
  i thought americans did n't joke about food , that it was sacred for them . 
  i 've been living in a lie !!!, 
  then we need to prepare for an invasion ... 
  it 's part of plan , first we let them attack , and then , with the excuse of retaliation , we invade them and * poof * empire reborn !, 
  rome is never late . 
  we were bored of our status of superpower and faked our collapse , with fancy fragmentation and all , like alexander . 
  then we watched how the world evolved and soon , very soon we will return . 
  the ones who will pay first would be those who did n't took proper care of the infraestructures and monuments we left behind , they were very expensive the spoiled brats . 
  remove frigopie made me laugh relly hard . 
  carrero blanco . 
  since when did the second spanish republic want independence ? 
  it was just spain but without monarchy . 
  half of europe actually . 
  i 'm affraid it 's terminal ... we have n't told germoney yet . 
  the basques only do things overkill , they do n't know a moderated way . 
  that 's way they lift giant rocks and that kind of stuff . 
  coincidentally i just watched * das boot * today , are you spying me ? 
  then the limey bastards are stealing yer jerbs . 
  actually it 's an stereotype that galicians are always depressed . 
  so i think he 's not tired , just depressed and maybe a bit drunk . 
  only fat , rich , westerners go live there . 
  probably both actually .
