  germany has fewer tanks than usa, 
  modern italy is as roman as romania, 
  it is norway after all . 
  that actually made me laugh . 
  damn you jpaolo !, 
  right side could be combined into only 4 virtues and there would be no difference . 
  also special thanks to / u/maxi _ w for the initial idea and / u/malta3 for helping ironing out the virtues ( specially temperance ) . 
  edit : also for those with smaller screens than 1920x1080 here be the full image : http://i.imgur.com/e1fqsjc.png, 
  some must 've died of a heart attack due to an overdose of excitement and sexual arousal . 
  we mourn his passing . 
  so _ the device _ did actually work . 
  excelente . 
  i do not consider maths reality . 
  i thought we already stablished that everything is secretly run by the jews . 
  we prefer to call it blitzkrieg around these parts . 
  and transnistria is the only consolation moldova has . 
  and there was a lot more fucking . 
  i mean , sure , god impregnated virgin mary , but zeus alone fucked half of the classical world , not even counting the other gods . 
  monotheism needs to step up his game . 
  he had _ a lot _ of love . 
  space egyptians going to war against moon nazis ? 
  scientists say that around 2070 poland will border spain . 
  but then who 's the father ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's uzbekistan, 
  greece so poor they had to sell all they had from the classical era . 
  incest is beautiful , just ask [ carlos ii de habsburgo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o7ewd4v.png ), 
  make more comics hansa , arbeit arbeit !, 
  we need content !, 
  so they will sail across the atlantic to form the commonwealth of american poles ? 
  ssssshhh , we 're trying to ... _ espa\u00f1olizarlos _, 
  it 's been hard , specially since they outlawed bullfighting , we tried ignoring them but it 's not working so we 're out of ideas . 
  in better times we would throw them _ jam\u00f3n serrano _ until they stop complaining , but germany took all of it . 
  that reminds i 've run out of fuet . 
  shut up ddr , you 're supposed to be dead !, 
  ^ or ^ at ^ home ^ watching ^ soap ^ operas, 
  the jews stole my left sock !, 
  ddr pls , do i need to report you to the stasi for spekaing in the evil westerner tongue of the amerikansky pigdog ? 
  das da sound of da polis, 
  holy shit this is amazing . 
  how much time did this take you ? 
  is there an `` emergency exit '' in case of urgent need to evacuate ? 
  otherwise the onion smell will be the lesser problem . 
  my entry to this month 's contest . 
  personal suggestion to listen while watching : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4dixrk8rdu, 
  from the desolated lands of extremadura no less . 
  sabaton , hammerfall , rhapsody of fire , the game music itself and sometimes the red army choir . 
  maybe i do , and when i come back i 'm going to keep shouting about the dodecanesus until you give them back or i find another shiny thing to amuse my population with . 
  i 'm affraid your german genes make it impossible for you to jaywalk . 
  we 're still trying to find a solution by altering the genes on some test specimenes ( do n't worry they 're austrians ) tho all we 've managed is to make them hungarian . 
  we tried that , but all we got was a more depressive , drunken being than your average german . 
  could n't test if they could jaywalk because they did n't leave the house . 
  i thought you were more the bombing type . 
  aaaah i see , you 're more into shootings then ? 
  maybe ? 
  i do n't know , he seems a little bit biased in this subject . 
  are n't you all part of the same country ? 
  arabistan or something like that was it called ? 
  ### i 'm surprised he did n't remind you that the spanish monarchy still has the titles for gibraltar , oh well , i always knew that alfonso xiii was a pansy . 
  the kingdom of greece 's envoy makes its arrival to the peace conference that we hope shall put an end to all wars once and for all , and that no nation shall ever use force to achieve its goals . 
  on that note , we would also like to say how ** _ much _ ** , and i ca n't stress it enough , the greek nation has suffered from this war , both at hands from the germans , austro-hungarianites , bulgarites and turkomans and from the internal struggle that it caused , all to help our good allies of the entente . 
  and we did it all to defend the values of liberty and peace that the entente persuaded and , in a lesser part , to undo the wrong that has been done to the greek nation over the pass of generations , oh how we suffered at the hands of the turks !, 
  oh how we suffered the humiliation at the hands of the bulgarians when they took over our rightful lands !, 
  oh how we suffered the battles that took part in our ancestral lands full of tradition and old monuments !, 
  what i 'm trying to get to , is that we demand a compensation from the brute aggresors both economically and in terms of land . 
  to illustrate my point i 've brought this nice map right [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/map_greece_megali_idea-fr.png ) . 
  this is what our good and kind venizelos likes to call the `` megali idea '' a beautiful name , for a beautiful idea . 
  would n't it be the just thing to do to return the ancestral lands of the greeks to the greeks ? 
  to undo the wrong that the savage turks have done to us ? 
  to retake the islands of the adriatic that were , and will always be ours ? 
  to take a portion from albania ? 
  i say , if we are to bring justice to this world , the wrongs commited to the greek nation , a victim in history at the hands from brute barbarians only comparable to the struggle that the polish nation has endured , we must do the right and just thing !, 
  so i call to you leaders of the illustruous nations of the world today present . 
  would n't it be fair and just to make the megali idea a reallity ? 
  yes !, 
  i say !, 
  we must fix once and for all the injustices of the past if we are to enter a new , peaceful era !, 
  now , as we all stand here as friends , as victims of imperial aggresion , i offer to each one of you a fine bottle of ouzo . 
  may this conference here held in paris put an end to all the injustice and struggle that the greek nation has endured !, 
  ### what do you want jap ? 
  the civilised world is talking here , go back to opressing koreans or whatever you chinese do . 
  ### how do you even dare talk to _ me _ in the first place ? 
  you , a filthy asian that did n't even do a battle properly , only fighting in some god-forsaken colonies . 
  i fought in the balkans dammit !, 
  show some respect and make me an ipad !, 
  of course the japanese would do such a horrible act , seeing as you yourself are opressing the people of korea , but i would like to remind the powers of this world , which do not include japan , a backwaters country in asia . 
  that we , the greeks , spilled our blood in this war together with the entente and suffered many casualties , while the cowards that are the japanese only grabbed unprotected islands in the pacific . 
  with this in mind , i would also like to ask , who let them in here anyways ? 
  i would also like to remind people that the lands that compress the megali idea are inhabited by greeks , and are greek lands , if anything the oppresed greeks in the lands stolen by the sultan would get revanchist due to the injustice commited against them !, 
  and do n't you dare talk to me about wars , you 've started quite a few in recent years , granted it was against asians , but wars nontheless !, 
  you should get expelled of this league of nations , for you can not even be called a conglomerate of fiefs !, 
  we invented democracy you were feudal not even a century ago !, 
  ### the only way to properly rp greece is to be a drama queen , if only you could see my hand waving while typing ... 
  look leaders of nations !, 
  look at this savage !, 
  he can not be in such a prestigious place as this !, 
  he ca n't even behave like a civilised person !, 
  not only was he carrying around chopsticks for some unknown reason , since this is obviously not a restaurant , but he also threw them at the whole greek nation !, 
  insulting every single greek !, 
  look !, 
  is this the kind of behaviour that we want to see in this conference ?
