  check the flairs at the sidebar ( d ) mate, 
  all credit for the pun i shamelessly stole go to / u/futski, 
  yeah me too , i promise to stop now . 
  this shit is addicting as fuck . 
  at least is better than dr, 
  wait , really ? 
  and there is no best defense than a good attack . 
  edit : how in the name of fuck are you getting so many upvotes for such stupid puns ? 
  also good jokes are no longer in jlp . 
  that suscriber shall be hunted down and fed to reichtangle . 
  first step is aknowledging it . 
  is not as hard as it looks from the outside . 
  because polandball is accurate . 
  it 's so accurate , in fact , that it 's as [ accurate as austria-hungary ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fsgegz9.png ), 
  also , flair up, 
  you mean , finns do something else aside from drinking and commiting suicide ? 
  you ca n't be accurate when you 're drunk and dead . 
  but germany ca n't understand the concept of not w\u00f6rking . 
  you see , germans only know three states : w\u00f6rk , getting piss drunk and krieg . 
  and getting piss drunk always come after another state . 
  sometimes . 
  so not talking about romania then ? 
  if you do n't have a job chances are after some time you can reach the point of not having anything . 
  gothic art started in france if i recall correctly . 
  i cheer for that day to come, 
  ordnung must be preserved . 
  how dare you talk like that to your grandfather ? 
  do n't you know modals , boy ? 
  and what 's with your flair ? 
  i give you wonderful latin alfabet and that 's how you repay me ?!, 
  [ get ready for a good canning !, 
  fuck you ; _ ;, 
  do n't tempt me boi, 
  the castellon airport sees more takeoffs huehue, 
  you know you do , 
  at least is not the strap-on, 
  also , should n't you be making siesta ? 
  make comic and i gib you water, 
  you will come back ... like everyone else ... 
  if you want into pun you must present non-pun comic first . 
  or give me my shako back . 
  with all that it had inside . 
  yes , specially the 3 and a half peanuts . 
  you prefer malta to me ?!, 
  it 's his richness , right ?!, 
  * slams door *, 
  you 're not making it better, 
  he has my shako ?!, 
  little son of a, 
  gib shako or get ready to face consequences when i get out of siberia, 
  who knows , hansa did n't ask me if i was needed in siberia . 
  jk i did n't know how to take the story after palace intrigue , siberia move was actually helpful . 
  did your grandfather make statues of putin carved in stone ? 
  what in the name of slow fuck ? 
  what did you fix ? 
  looked fine before . 
  ^ ^ it 'll ^ ^ be ^ ^ our ^ ^ little ^ ^ secret, 
  i do n't want a new shako . 
  ** ** want . 
  ** ** shako . 
  if you gib shako i gib you screenshot, 
  quite good actually , i received my issue of `` habsburgists around the world '' just 12 hours after it got printed in graz . 
  information has a price . 
  and i wo n't talk more until i see my shako back over my head where it belongs . 
  you better . 
  but you have n't offered me anything . 
  the shako was for the picture , remember ? 
  you see , when you 're in siberia you start to value having nice things , specially if they are edible and hot . 
  i 'm carving putin stones in siberia . 
  you think it can be any worse ?!, 
  motherfucking dmitri wo n't shut up . 
  but i got a * high effort worker * medal :d, 
  hmmm , it starts to sound like a deal , but i 'm affraid my little spanish heart has been getting a little cold since my holidays here . 
  now we 're talking herr grossetorte . 
  there are no limits in castle cuntryballs, 
  i do n't think i have ever seen him, 
  erm ... 
  uh ... forgot my shako ? 
  inb4 get 's shot down by donetsk, 
  is not derrotismo , is gypsy foretelling future to me . 
  i still want to see the straightden one . 
  and they are made by dickrhino . 
  everyone should come and see , look at the comics and whitness what dr can make . 
  this is the true dr , the dr we see in the main is just a fa\u00e7ade !, 
  also make comic or pickelhaube, 
  you will regret saying that very soon . 
  well it depends on your kinks really . 
  he 's austrian , it 'll definetly be interesting . 
  my little siberian adventures reach an end as i get back to the cuntryballs castle . 
  well , he did n't search much let me tell you that , he asked me once where was i and that 's all . 
  his fault for not making comic of him actually searching . 
  also , thank you, 
  i claim copyright in the mongolian taxi driver . 
  no one except me shall posses him . 
  damn , your lack of punnery pills is _ really _ affecting you . 
  it was about time you let your bicocked golden helmet show over here . 
  hey !, 
  hey !, 
  no one !, 
  and i mean no one !,
