  at least in europe the immigration of gypsies from romania is much more notorious than non-gypsies romanians , hence it 's common that romanians and romanis get mixed to be the same thing , at least in spain . 
  i 'm mediterranean and i find that offensive !, 
  i 'll give you a strongly worded response but it 's time for siesta . 
  maybe when i wake up ... maybe ... 
  lithuania can only into polan , if polan finds out you 're dating others ... 
  probably threatened to break legs . 
  it sound like cheap copy of glorious roman empire , but with more corruption and krokodile ( also gipsies ) . 
  i say , we should remake glorious roman empire !, 
  then it would n't be a world war, 
  you mean k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  but if polan falls , no more plumbers . 
  and ridicolous ease to convert lands . 
  they keep a part of your clay for only 2 years , of kebab now . 
  wikipedia could n't tell me the polish name so ... 
  also prussian eagle best eagle . 
  while playing i once found the ottomans capturing the teutonic order . 
  10 years later the whole baltics were theirs and prayed to the kebab . 
  but that was prior to 5.2 patch , they now seem to behave a little more historically . 
  damn plants , they must be with the liberal-gay-muslim-communist agenda as well !, 
  if you make bomb explode you ca n't steal their shit . 
  russians would take all of their good vodka and leave them without any . 
  nuclear removal of kebab lacks the romanze of traditional removal with serb knife for genocides \u2122, 
  they will probably yell at you for touching their stuff . 
  it should , but dat prussian eagle ... dayum . 
  also roman eagle kinda varies a little from time to time , so hard to pick one . 
  so it would be : prussian eagle first , then roman eagle and it 's variations . 
  efficiency ? 
  is that mystical things german people always talks about ? 
  you 're just butthurt we seized your properties and gave you a one way ticket to somewhere . 
  he italian not master siesta race spaniard . 
  just wait for population to die of krokodile . 
  easy steps to recover lost clay :, 
  1st make blockade so population can not into resources . 
  2nd smuggle drugs that potentially kill consumers , like krokodile . 
  3rd wait for everyone to be dead . 
  4th move to the now depopulated clay and colonise it !, 
  is genious strategy , and you even gain monies with the whole drug business . 
  well , quite a lot lasted for centuries . 
  there is no rome without slaves . 
  i once made halft the known world shiite with persia in euiii , better ? 
  tasty fat mind you . 
  what do you expect for the money you pay ? 
  demagogue in what sense ? 
  this is polandball , it 's all about making fun of national stereotypes , do n't take it seriously . 
  or that 's what they want us to believe . 
  so austria is bavaria ? 
  why are you praying to germanic gods ? 
  the only gods worth praying are those in the forum !, 
  mmmm , as long as they uphold roman values i do n't really mind . 
  the greatest honor in all the known world is to be a roman citizen . 
  i ca n't hear you over all my civilization . 
  oh just come , bring your richness and all , settle in , have a family ... and then bam !, 
  expelled and we seize your goods again . 
  is a flawless way of getting rich , right ? 
  come !, 
  is totally not a trap !, 
  we 'll even give you jam\u00f3n serrano as a welcome gift and ... oh wait ... mmmm ... monies pls ? 
  those armadas invencibles ai n't cheap you know , you 're in your own , now let 's see how you like your revolts nueva espa\u00f1a . 
  like it was something exceptional to cause havoc in the colonies . 
  being near africa sometimes pays off . 
  they invented them , i think . 
  or the african heatwave comes . 
  to show them at parades . 
  it 's all because french influence . 
  why would they nuke an inexistent country ? 
  if you annex greece you will also anex it 's denbts . 
  i know , but for some reason i thought he was refering to another country , probably misreaded it , anyways , we all agree that belgium is nothing but a bunch of land around brussels ? 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57m79tyqeha ), 
  your flair says netherlands , you do n't fool anyone dutch , go back to pick tulips . 
  meanwhile on chile : we are kings of south america , we can into hdi and taking bolivia sea . 
  i always knew french prefered men , just do n't tell it to russia , he seems to have something against it . 
  roman hispania only true hispania . 
  also flair up . 
  belgium itself is imported . 
  should n't it be portugal instead of uk ? 
  war is w\u00f6rk . 
  towel land can not out of poor . 
  so russia is trying to show crimea how to cross the street ? 
  so ... can we go back to feeding people to lions in the amphitheater ? 
  it 's ... cultural ... and stuff ... 
  at least gladiator fights ? 
  pretty please ? 
  do not question mighty roman culture barbarian !, 
  actually austria made that paragraph that way so serbia would reject it and then start the war . 
  i wonder if serbia would have accepted it what would 've been the reaction of austria . 
  `` please mr. serbia , would you be so kind to let us anschluss your country ? 
  if you reject this fair petition i 'm affraid we 'll have to go to war '', 
  through a long and harmful process of sawing them half a flair . 
  [ it knows no limits ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5k8rpit.png ), 
  would you have prefered to fight alongside the ruskies ? 
  or greek armour . 
  [ this ] ( http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2290/2505641610_904f58d7dd_o.jpg ), 
  and there are ones with more detailed nipples . 
  too late , your anschluss plans have already been discovered . 
  it does n't sound that crazy , after all france 's in it too . 
  and now belgium holds the capital of the eu , plan backfired ? 
  is n't a little part of the interior still free ? 
  fun fact : pinecone and pineapple are both ` pi\u00f1a ' in spanish . 
  actually i meant free as not under morocco . 
  it learned well from france then .
