  those cancer kawaii images are surprisingly well drawn , i 'll give them that . 
  fuck you , now i read him with arnold 's voice as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure you mean / r/dickrhinopuns, 
  pls , everyone knows that in scandinavia you 're [ either on welfare or in jail ] ( http://youtu.be/21amkgokdzg?t=1m3s ) . 
  and those two things would allow a lot of free time , almost as much free time as me . 
  until spanish start immigrating there . 
  but you never invited me into your keller ... 
  that sounded pretty homo ... 
  i need to visit xaethienne sometime soon . 
  i think it 's his curse . 
  or his overweight . 
  or both . 
  fitting , for i watched _ hitler the rise of evil _ today . 
  so your fate rests in other 's hands ? 
  i wonder what will be of rectal smasher ... 
  do n't try to steal herr doktor 's job . 
   he 's not even a real doctor !, 
  but he 's austrian , close enough i say . 
  my prussian flag disagrees . 
  colonial pls , not everyone is a filthy colonial like you . 
  some here are from the metropolis . 
  no , that 's you . 
  ` straya is a big desert anyways . 
  you say that like inbred is something bad . 
  / r/polandarrow is shit . 
  my post is the only quality post there . 
  [ yay !, 
  [ lol ] ( http://gi105.photobucket.com/groups/m215/euh1nndac5/untitled-4-8.gif ), 
  if he keeps growing that would be impossible to avoid . 
  happy cake day god-emperor hansafan !, 
  i 'm totally not doing this to avoid consecuences , nope . 
  not at all . 
  bloody hell this took way too long to make . 
  i can not confirm nor deny that . 
  ^ ^ fuck , ^ ^ now ^ ^ i ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ stop ^ ^ seeing ^ ^ that ^ ^ fak ^ ^ u, 
  you 're the closest thing to a female around these parts . 
  that is , unless the doctor opens a clinic . 
  for being a doctor i 've never actually seen him do doctor stuff . 
  maybe malta taught maxi ? 
  when he has consumed all of america 's cakes . 
  with a power drill . 
  now go !, 
  go and karma-whore your cake day !, 
  that 's not even a real verb !, 
  it can vary tho , some comics have multiple instances of one country . 
  because isis is not a country . 
  only mods allowed sorry ( originally i was going to include non-mods as well , but i only have so much time available ), 
  come at me mate i 'm gon na shrimp your barbie !, 
  ( the fuck did i just said ? ), 
  yes , it 's just that i ca n't speak colonial . 
  du see mein dear ` strayanien , some people are lucky enough to be born in gut alte europa . 
  what kind of horrible propaganda do other colonials feed to you in australia ? 
  europe is the pinnacle of human civilization and we have the best possible life here . 
  everyone is happy . 
  but since invading devils known as europeans came to europe the dream has been crushed ... 
  damn europeans ruined europe !, 
  no dicks since i realized too late that china was facing the wrong way and there were no holes to stick them into . 
  oh well , he 's still getting raped . 
  thank you mate !, 
  45 $ on hansa, 
  do n't worry , i 'll make it up with the next comic , there would be more blood , dicks and cunts than in ... erm ... a hospital ? 
  the _ space inquisition _ !, 
   in which i pretend that the serb 's new penis was my idea all along ,, 
  i thought that it was poorly seen to steal up there in scandiland , then again the biggest punishment you can take is being in a cell better than many apartments . 
  perhaps i should steal something and go to jail in norway ... or just speed through the highway ... 
  ach , and you did n't had a better time to repost other then while i was spreading the shinto faith ? 
  tsk tsk . 
   in which i pretend that the serb 's new penis was my idea all along ,, 
  i thought that it was poorly seen to steal up there in scandiland , then again the biggest punishment you can take is being in a cell better than many apartments . 
  yes of course , try to fix it now ... 
  you fail to grasp the genius behind the design , just when they were losing all kind of air superiority they decided to make a slow , big target just so everyone could see their big chunk of metal that moved so slowly even a crippled man could win against it in a race , if it did n't run out of fuel first , of course . 
  repost awaw while still posting new awaw chapters to maximize confussion !, 
  silly kosovo , of course poland is a ball . 
  that 's racist . 
  nazi germany in the shape of a swastika . 
  dirty xenophob . 
  stop the h ^ 3 agenda !, 
  they want to ... 
  uh ... change everyone 's sex ? 
  buy aldi 's chocoalte ? 
  you ca n't tell me what to do gramps !, 
  ironically they invented fascism . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't consider the fact that poland stole that computer . 
  ## the divorce papers said that czech would get new flag, 
  one can always tell it 's yours because the balls look like eggs . 
  it 's not supposed to be garlic . 
  and become austria-hungary ? 
  what is this belgium you talk of ? 
   they can understand each other , more or less . 
  if it 's written down one can get a general idea of what it says . 
  now , i can say the same about romanian , italian or any other romance language . 
  does that make them the same language ? 
  texas ? 
  you mean northern mexico ? 
  usa is greater mexico anyways . 
  maxi is quite at the bottom of sidebard 's body , does that mean that he will be free by rather disgusting methods soon ? 
  when was the last time she cut her nails ? 
  look that 's incredibly racist . 
  our justice system is in the shitter because those pesky griffins !, 
  it did n't follow the rules .
