  is this all the arguing the belligerant nation of japan can do ? 
  throw food-eating sticks at the craddle of civilisation ? 
  this is an outrage !, 
  and only furthers the righteounes of the megali idea , when its only discrepator is reduced at such acts of aggresion !, 
  someone call australia to properly handle this matter , for they are neighboring nations and must know how to deal with such barbarians !, 
  this is outrageous !, 
  i demand the execution of this yellow rat in the double !, 
  ### i thought that your kind was more into the whole throwing bombs and shooting rather than words, 
  ### japan not sure , but i 'm pretty sure that somewhere in china it is considered as one , a hundred year old-egg or something , i saw it once on tv so must be true . 
  darn commie-monarchists taking muh cley, 
  ### so the strongly worded letter will come with a weird package that goes * tic-tac * ? 
  damn right sonny , now , where is my walking stick ? 
  we are willing to talk about the treaty with those nations that also shed blood alongside us in the war , we will not , however , dessist in our claims to the lands in asia minor . 
  edit : and constantinopolis is greek of course . 
  ### luckly the orthodox hairiness protects our troops from enemy bullets making us invincible . 
  long time ago . 
  not existing at the time ? 
  it was the aragonese crown back then , and they were in a marital union with the kingdom of castille during the time of this map . 
  you 're right , portugal was independent until 1598 , under what is called nowadays as the iberian union . 
  that is a whole history of its own and i do n't fee llike explaining it , specially since someone else did already . 
  but i can assure you , catalonia did not exist back then as anything but a region of the aragonese crown . 
  vacations in cuba ? 
  most of epire is already under my control since the second balkan war though . 
  ### changing recquires effort . 
  coloicito, 
  pompus demands ? 
  i did a humble request to amend all the suffering endured by the greek people . 
  and he threw chopsticks at me . 
  that depends how you draw the maps . 
  how high is the plot power by now ? 
  i was refering more to the fact that , if you really want land , you can always find a bullshit claim and start drawing borders as you see fit . 
  ## cunt mate, 
  what ? 
  they 've been under my control for long before the great war . 
  for some reason the megali map i linked haves them in yellow , see [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/greekhistory.gif ) ( ok maybe not _ that _ long ago , but definetly under my control . 
  it does , and that area is mainly populated with greek people i still do n't see why you oppose those lands be given to greece . 
  are they going to leave ? 
  i do n't think i follow . 
  i only mentioned ioanina , epirus is already a part of my country for many time , problem is that 's the best map of the megali idea i could find , and for some reaosn it was marked that way . 
  context : spanish people are so hard-working we spent all our working points some time around the paleolitic and now only the lazyness remains . 
  this , of course , is all the fault of france , the united kingdom and the usa who stole our colonies . 
  spain number one # 1 friends with herr germoney , he never did anything wrong to us even help remove filthy rojos during guerra civil . 
  something something space lizards, 
  cheap apartments ? 
  what kind of wonderland spain you living ? 
  houses are still expensive as fuck , specially when compared to the wage of your average spaniard . 
  tho probably they are cheap to foreigners , which kinda makes sense . 
  that 's peru . 
  also order in table is from west to east no more significance to it . 
  pls we have plenty of t. tortilla that is . 
  and no , not what you call tortilla . 
  the one and only [ tortilla . 
  ] ( http://www.spaintravelsuite.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/tortilla-de-patatas1.jpg ), 
  original thread can be found [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/24wq5v/germanys_idea/ ), 
  i ca n't believe it 's already been 8 months since i first posted this comic . 
  yuo is question my accuracy ? 
  [ comis is of many accurate !, 
  when i decided that i would n't wast my time drawing the coat of arms for it to be hidden under some heathen eyes , and because i found it funnier . 
  dude , when do you think we eat ? 
  when we wake up some light breakfast , then some hours later some more food , then a little snack , then we have stronk lunch , then some hours later merienda , then dinner then back to sleep . 
  would you believe me if i tell you that almuerzo comes between breakfast and lunch ? 
  so am i. 
  problem is i kinda forgot what was the second part of that message , and i just sent it away hoping i would remember by the time i hit `` save '' and then edit it . 
  i still do n't remember so i 'll leave it as a mystery to the ages . 
  pls , yuros esmertest , you ca n't accept the fact that egyptians are literally satan on earth . 
  i have n't watched that movie yet . 
  is it shayt ? 
  there 's any other kind of land ? 
  i thought that prussia was / u/ju44, 
   i wonder if this quest will ever get resolved . 
  fun fact the next part has been halfway through the making since at the very least a month and a half . 
  [ implying they would have the necessary english skill ] ( #green - text ), 
  face it they will never go back with you . 
  let 's ignore the fact that they used chorizo in paella . 
  and let 's just focus on how horrible its sole existance is . 
  the argies and no one else . 
  i did n't know that public education was so awfull in brasil . 
  seems like you suffer of a grave case of germanius humoritus . 
  [ 2015 ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ forocoches ] ( #green - text ), 
  pls, 
  of course . 
  then i 'm not sure you understand the concept of satire . 
  so making a satirical comic where everything is exagerated for comedic value is like laughing at your dead grandma ? 
  let me say : what the fuck dude ? 
  5 euros and i tell you . 
  please tell me where i remotely mentioned spain being lazy aside from one panel with siesta in it , something yo uca n't deny a lot of people do . 
  and now tell me why you get so butthurt over a comic . 
  ohohoho where to start . 
  well most obvious , i am spanish , so do n't lecture me like i 'm some kind of filthy foreigner that does n't know that spain is n't like that . 
  now tell me , would the comic been funnier if spain would just been doing a shitty under-paid job got home saw he could n't pay the outrageous bills and then commited suicide ? 
  and people do tend to have time for fiesta when they are unemployed . 
  i perfectly know that racism is n't big here , i was mostly pocking fun at those parties like plataformaxcatalunya that are xenophobic and racist . 
  drinking wine is often done while eating , if spain and others are doing so to drown their sorrows is mostly because wine is the trademark mediterranean alcoholic beverage . 
  we have one , only / u/winnable _ waffle has them tho . 
  i will take them from you one day !, 
  damn right they are sonny !, 
  i could give you ontario if you prefer . 
  pls , they would have to fight against the moon nazis first . 
  republic ?!,
