  now , be a nice little overseas territory and behave if du nicht want to know the wrath of pizarro . 
  you 'll also learn some basic spanish . 
  ca n't let you run around speaking only latvian . 
  you can speak that tongue of yours if you so desire , but you 'll learn spanish too . 
  i need someone else to tell my hilarious word plays . 
  do n't tell the mods what to do pleb . 
  well , i can settle if you learn the main curses and just fake laughing when i say things only i consider funny . 
  good , then pack your stuff , we 're going to hunt landwhales . 
  finally , the different colored polan has arrived to cuntryballs . 
  welcome to ze gang . 
  true dat . 
  it was sidebard 's fault , after stealing the treasure he also broke the css, 
  if you slip up i 'll tell rs to take measures , i have counted the peanuts in my night table . 
  do n't even think about touching them . 
  two puns for the price of one, 
  why ? 
  i have n't even got the pickelhaube out yet !, 
  and your point is ? 
   met\u00e4l, 
  ftfy, 
  no such thing as `` too much '', 
  he did n't call you anything tho . 
  maybe if you stoped aiming at people with that rifle of yours . 
  i think pierre is pro fn . 
  what gold ? 
  i see no golden pipes here . 
  also debt is inherited by riflesoldier as my escudero . 
  now if you 'll excuse me i need to unpack my stuff and leave my mod stuff in the closet . 
  as well as hiding some blue business of mine . 
  feudalism my latvian friend !, 
  it 's all in the magic of feudalism , of course since you 're my vassal he ca n't directly ask you anything , but since the debt is yours i am not forced to repay it , thus falling in a legal limbo . 
  do you see the spanish genius now ? 
  feudalism implies some degree of autocratism anyways . 
  if at least they pledged allegiance to a _ good _ flag . 
  true , it 's even worse . 
  it has starts and shit . 
  will you admit that the flag is shit ? 
  when did i ever defended spain 's flag ? 
  it _ is _ shit . 
  but usa flag is shit as well . 
  slavery , imperialism , mysoginy , nationalistic , corrupt and with declining tendencies ? 
  yes, 
  * ahem *, 
  ignoring the other comment . 
  by imperial decree this pun is removed . 
  [ you may complain now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/khvhnc9.png ), 
  forgot to mention , if you want to repost this you should head towards / r/dickrhinopuns, 
  not using wikipedia colors ?!, 
  removed !, 
  dammit why do i laugh at this ? 
  but if i admit i laughed to a 2 panel pun i will implode !, 
  are you sure it was oil ? 
  i give up . 
  i ca n't tople this . 
  no more puns allowed by the imperial decree of her august majesty hansafan . 
  for all your punny needs go to / r/dickrhinopuns wether they are nsfw or not . 
  [ removed . 
  hmmm , hard to explain , hansa defines it as a quality circlejerk , but there is also nsfw comics posted here as well as some meta comics . 
  if you ask me about this particular comic i 've got no idea what is going on there and i 'm waiting for the author to give some kind of explanation . 
  then what in the name of golden dildo is going on there ? 
  are we getting invaded by new people ? 
  remember : / r/cuntryballs = / = / r/polandball, 
  i bet 1 kartupelis that he is trying . 
  what are the odds to win the waffle ? 
  what is your opinion about her majesty ? 
  why is sealand so irrelevant yet relevant at the same time ? 
  does it control space time ? 
  is it the 5th reincarnation of caligula ? 
  shut up holland . 
  just call him `` the pole with the weird name '', 
  damn you !, 
  i will get my revenge !, 
  people wanted to know kushi 's story with his cousin and the yak ? 
  here it is , i actually had it fully written in the previous comic but let it halfway because it took too much space . 
  black magic !, 
  `` kingdom of serbs and other serbs in denial '', 
  i would but i think there 's a rule that forbids countries as personifications . 
  or am i getting it wrong ? 
  hmmmm , good idea vorsy , i _ might _ pay you for your services this time . 
  _ might _ . 
  now , now , let 's keep this civil shall we ? 
  no knifey knifey , we 're all friends around here , the problems you might have with scru - * hrmh * pierre , are no concern of mine , specially if they involve his anal cavity . 
  say , do you accept half blown golden pipes as payment ? 
  is not a gl\u00f6rious impreza but , sure you can . 
  what will not into glorious rossiya ? 
  drink vodka , only way to forget . 
  you mean , rightfully spanish , right ? 
  you 're stealing from other people now ? 
  if your pun relies on a language that not everyone understands please leave explanation in the comments . 
  once in the spanish empire , always rightfull spanish clay . 
  france ? 
  you mean the big blue blob ? 
  well it does n't matter that much who 's rulling , the thing is that if you were , even for a tiny period of time , under spanish rule , we have permanent core . 
  is not kawaii because the ears and tail are actually real . 
  what if i do n't want to figure out by myself ? 
  what if i want everything chowed and ready to consume without the need to think , uh ? 
  i know, 
  actually no , the mods discourage the use of the nsfw tag in comics that are n't actually nsfw, 
  gl\u00f6rious, 
  how wrong you are .
