  we need the opinion of a pontifex tho . 
  yes i know , that 's what i said . 
  it 's not siesta time yet . 
  tighter you say ? 
  how much is a flight to macau ? 
  they will learn about our prophet tupac . 
  that 's because you have n't seen my incredible awesome comic . 
  than only exists in my head ... 
  brits no longer have world domination you should ask someone else . 
  unknown is actually the omsk bird, 
  #hitdadeck 2014 #someball 6isgenocide #can ` tstopthekarrig, 
  if the slaves are superiors than the overseers who keeps them from rebelling ? 
  terrible idea . 
  jpaolo you ca n't be the new legitprivilege, 
  ps : happy cake day, 
  context : spain expelled the jews . 
  spain also had inflation . 
  context : in 1492 the jews were expelled , in that same year america was discovered . 
  not so long after that the spanish empire had shittons of inflation . 
  posting this while i work on another comic only for here . 
  i 'm currently working on it . 
  but the karrig ai n't no machine that can fart comics like legitprivilege , also i make them with all my incestuos love and do n't let them leave home until they are 30 years old . 
  do not question the karrig !, 
  germany 's helmet is delaying me , i 'm going to stuck that helmet in his kraut ass . 
  you 're too much of a softie, 
  that was smallpox . 
  we just seized their property , natural resources and them . 
  and if they resisted they got killed naturally , but we did n't just kill all of them , then there would be no natives to rape !, 
  not sure , i think they just did what they did with all other gold , minting , luxury items , whatever . 
  do not question rome , as long as there 's one empire speaking a derivation of latin , we 'll be there . 
  so get your shit together portugal !, 
  rome demands imperivm !, 
  ca n't stop the karrig, 
  we need to talk about your little pun problem brother . 
  have a go then !, 
  remember , the shittines is part of the charm !, 
  no no no no !, 
  it is motherfucking serious, 
  you dirty portuguese are the worst the world has ever seen only toped by the french and san marino !, 
  i hope you get eaten by nepal !, 
  yes , those evil bastards of san marino ... 
  where is that thing from ? 
  speak shqipare !, 
  that 's not germany , that 's the hypothetical 4th reich, 
  i was about to modify that last panel with brazil instead of the uk, 
  in spain we have a saying that goes `` me he hecho la picha un l\u00edo '' which literally translates to `` i made my dick a tangle '', 
  also canada can speak russian now . 
  canada confirmed for commie, 
  the karrig approves this comment ( and idea ), 
  legit y u do dis ? 
  they do n't but we still have south americans coming to spain . 
  only relevant nations are in the comic . 
  really ? 
  not even in the southernmost part ? 
  that 's weird , i thought the situation was similar to spain . 
  after spain expelled the jews and the muslims there is no excuse to expell someone who contributes to the economy and expect things to go ok . 
  sweden is basically an islamic republic now . 
  no crusade there , only yihad . 
  hmmmm , i do n't think there is a high influx of turkish immigrants in spain , mostly from morocco . 
  i guess , we have plenty of them so , eh , why not ? 
  we recquire additional imperio, 
  but germany violated geneva 's convention by using a pickelhaube . 
  germans must always violate geneva ... 
  in germany 's defense i 'll say it 's addicting , also the best way of not having to keep drawing the pickelhaube and show my horrible skills at perspective . 
  only once, 
  they are n't stupid m8, 
  now to find your flair . 
  why would you want to speak french anyways ? 
  real balls have curves, 
  you 're a dirty kulak, 
  i know he 's a kulak , i should report him to politburo, 
  i mean , just look at it , all smug , having stalin in it 's name and industry ... 
  allright you flairless individuals , as you lack any nationality i 'm assuming you 're barbarians . 
  and i need new slaves . 
  can you see where i 'm going ? 
  if stalingrad where to fall the germans should have called the city `` trostkygrad '' just to annoy stalin . 
  like there 's any difference, 
  there are 2 flairs without nationality . 
  earth and multiculti, 
  what a pleasant surprise !, 
  and i thought i did shitly . 
  one question though . 
  is it limited to modern day sports , or can it be about ancient sports ? 
  i think i have an idea then, 
  you can fix that by flairing up !, 
  it 's in the sidebar , all the cool kids are doing it . 
   hentai empire, 
  ftfy, 
  for that to work foreigners would need to tell you apart from the rest of spain . 
  then that makes it much sadder . 
  no one remembers much about aragon once the new world was discovered . 
  i know it . 
  silly iran , now they will stone you to death for not calling sharia police !, 
  too dark for anglo, 
  only when i want to piss off someone from there that is n't english . 
  are you trying to say i ca n't ratially differentiate the negros ? 
  do not question , obey !, 
  you could say the sub was brazil huehuehueheuhue, 
  seriously though , thank you all , and since i 'm a fancy motherfucker , there is no better hat than a [ shako ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qtbgbid.png ) . 
  in case it 's to hard to draw the yellow details can be left out .
