  mapgame was never alive to begin with . 
  so you 'd rather go and send people to die for a chunk of land in the middle of india that you took from them centuries ago ? 
  because we do n't actually love you . 
  pls , spain ca n't love . 
  only psychotic rage . 
  what even is this ? 
  can strl be kind ? 
  are you trying to say that north korea is not the greatest country that will free the world from american imperialism and that is all a lie ? 
  it stops the bleeding !, 
  who needs bandages ? 
   un peacekeeping action . 
  so just the same but with some spectators hanging around ? 
  it was n't limtied to ukraine tho, 
  they are bound to run out of ammo at some point . 
  also i expect you to go full habsburg and make marital union with hungary , otherwise expect sanctions . 
  it would take tactical advantage of our lack of aa defenses . 
   people 's republic . 
  we gon na have problems there m80 , we do n't like commies around these parts . 
  and if you want to have a long , prosperous life you better put down the red banner of the proletariat and take your good dose of monarchy . 
  how do we know you are not actually sideways poland ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  that 's red !, 
  then the portuguese flag must be a bitch for you . 
  hide your gender xae , this is not the glitter islands no more , this comment section is extraofficial spanish territory , here we like our gays in the closet and our over-the-top macho culture to hide the inner gender . 
  have you watched the movie _ teeth _ ? 
  yes , but we hide it like good catholics . 
  also i do not recognize the terrorist state of portugal . 
  so you have no presence here !, 
   no gender, 
  lol, 
  lying to a mod ?!, 
  my knowledge of german does n't reach much further i must say . 
  sigh ... [ so be it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycorwo4.png ), 
  it 's the accent . 
  like brits , someone with a british accent will always make a perfect villain . 
  who even looks at the thumbnail anyways ? 
  sense is for the weak . 
  looks like oil, 
  i doubt it 's gon na happen any time soon . 
  are asian 's anus smaller as well to compensate for the asian dick ? 
   spain = hispania, 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  but argentina , per\u00fa is too white for you !, 
  glorious roman red you filthy commie, 
  well , you do live in the glitter islands , so i would n't be _ that _ surprised . 
  is that [ upside down wurtemberg ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/14/flagge_k%c3%b6nigreich_w%c3%bcrttemberg.svg ), 
  what is it with you poles and adding a z to everything ? 
  when those days of the month come ... 
  after having finished that panel i have to say : fuck the horns in your helmet hansa , made me take for ever because of perspective !, 
  i 'm going to cut them off one day !, 
  hm ... then maybe i need to find another solution ... 
  hehehe ... 
  it looks like british raj but i 'm not sure, 
  was n't it ok to have background a different colour than white as long as it was for comedic effect and simple ? 
  everything 's fine then . 
  i doubt that a german speaking polish can be considered good in any sense of the word . 
  it 's like a russian talking about minorities ' rights . 
   a lazy holiday activity . 
  is there any other kind of activity ? 
  is most cleverest evurr, 
  then you start making a hat pile , simple . 
  pls it does not have enough drama to represent the epic exodus it was going from dry desolated town to wet ( less during summer ) desolated town . 
  i need to topple ebola-lube somehow then . 
  i did n't vote because it was n't even the referendum , it would n't matter for anything and i could n't be arsed . 
  well the ` no ' voters would basically have to vote for things to stay the same , you ca n't really blame them to chose to be at home and not having to walk to the electoral college at the other side of the godamn town . 
  fuck electoral colleges man , they 're always in the worst possible location . 
  a lot of people did n't felt like voting because it was n't even a referendum and the ones left to vote were those who were the die-hard supporters of either side plus the occasional octogenarian without anything better to do . 
  until a proper referendum is made nothing is clear . 
  the pixaner does not get nearly the recognition it deserves . 
  to open the question/exclamation , that way you know when to change tone and make it clearer what is , and what is n't , the question or the exclamation . 
  his fault really for not chaining it . 
  we do , but putting ' \u00bf ? ', 
  when you 're confused is so much better than just putting ' ? ', 
  galicia was never a carlist zone , they ltierally have nothing to do with the carlists , it was mainly navarra , the basque country , inner aragon and inner catalonia . 
  also while franco was from galicia he thought of himself as a spanish first rather than galician . 
  galician nationalism stays true to the stereotype of galician people being indecisive . 
  they have it but they do n't really push very hard for independence or anything . 
  also , never say that navarre is a basque region in front of someone from navarra , unless you want to withstand an epic butthurt explosion . 
  jpaolo stealing ideas ? 
  true , should 've been `` gra\u00e7i\u00e3o '', 
  the comic is absolutely fake tho , we would never answer the phone while eating and not insult the other at the end of the line at least twice . 
  dude you got ta understand , we do n't go near portugal or his boyfriend uk gets angry . 
  he wants to keep all the moustache for himself . 
  marx might always speak of the worker in his works but he sure as hell did them pretty dense to read . 
   if his ideas about state power are so complicated that normal people ca n't understand them , are they compatible with democracy ? 
  or maybe he pulled them out of his arse and does n't know how it will actually work . 
  your fault really . 
  you are the one that keeps running behind him while he shags france . 
  probably , but i lack the time and motivation lately . 
  too many things to read , too little time . 
  well that includes all of catalonia and unemployment here is quit big like in the rest of the country . 
  i 'm not sure if barcelona itself has less unemployment than madrid tho . 
  how much is that in rational units ? 
  it 's not that italians had bad tanks , is that they designed them with a very specific purpose in mind . 
  that purpose being frying eggs in the armor when it got hot . 
   and then they deployed them in the desert, 
  well after producing tons of them they realised they had to give them some use . 
  you might not beleive it but using the long barrel of machine guns as pasta drier is not that bad . 
  [ you know what to do ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/bleach-rp/images/6/6d/japanese-swords-samurai-swords-musashi-asuka-tanto.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140220191913 ),
