the roman eagle is the oldest . 
  do n't say such things about charles ii !, 
  he was ... special ... 
  an expansion of latvia, 
  and bacon . 
  no , bacon is clearly more than that . 
  context : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carlist_wars, 
  the most famous and respected carlist general . 
  also by some carlist refered as `` t\u00edo tom\u00e1s '' . 
  the name is actually basque , so for spanish it can be hard to read too . 
  the english level of the average spanish is close to non extstant , not dubbing the film would mean hardly anyone would watch it . 
  sad story . 
  well i intended to put from the death of ferdinand vii following all the carlist situation up to nowadays , passing from the civil war , during the franquist regime ( is that how it 's spelled in english ? ), 
  and the democratic transition . 
  yet it turned out to be quite messy specially because i found that someone without full knowledge of the clusterfuck of inestability spain was durgin all the 19th century and begining of the 20th would n't quit understand all of it . 
  so i decided to focus only on the three carlist wars . 
  but i will definetly revisit the carlists again in the future . 
  ps : i wonder who still votes ctc , they even try to explain their existence in their website . 
  looks like an anarchist flag . 
  you want monarchy for better government ? 
  we can sell you spanish monarchy , finest borbons , only require debt money and hunting elefants twice a day , really cheap . 
  yes , killing them makes the inversion kinda go to waste . 
  i mean , you grow them , give them what they want , they make international prestige and then you sell them for twice their original price . 
  it 's genius !, 
  wait . 
  there is people seriously opposing windmills ? 
  wha - ho - i do n't even . 
  wow ... 
  based on this comment : http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1wej7y/in_other_news_the_state_of_israel_has_retreated/cf18ju8, 
  there is n't actually that much of a context , just me poking fun at a comment stating that serbia started the anti-muslim thing before everyone else , thus becoming the hipster of genocides . 
  that and also a shading test . 
  yet , no one had the dat face soldier playing an accordion . 
  of welcome !, 
  i 'm confused now . 
  well , the royal family is n't going to be less than the government , so they have their own corruption scandal . 
  and is spain buying submarines ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i know we recently sold that aircraft carrier to angola . 
  well , shit , i knew it looked too much dutch . 
  i will now flagelate myself in the corner . 
  of many sorries . 
  i think you are underestimating the capability of our submarines , they are meant to sunk and do n't float so they are never detected , is n't it a glorious design ? 
  the navy is still trying to work how to make the operators not die because of lack of oxygen though . 
  i know , i noticed it after uploading it . 
  that 's what you get when you lose the habsburg . 
  you jelly of charles ii of habsburg . 
  you still jelly of his handsome face . 
  everyone , in our hearts . 
  things would have gone better if we 'd kept the habsburg instead of those frenchies . 
  but castilla had to go french . 
  such is life . 
  and a museum dedicated to penis . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  there is one . 
  edit : ok , i looked it up and could n't find it , but i swear there used to be one . 
  i would totally pay to see a `` saving private mehmet '' morvie . 
  like the car brand ? 
  it 's not siberia without gulag . 
  is n't that monaco ? 
  too much money for poland . 
  pretending to be austrian . 
  context : during the start of wwii spain was very close to germany and the axis powers , but once they started losing franco just alligned with ` murika . 
  probably spain would have gotten invaded just like italy . 
  or maybe with the help of conquistador magic the axis would have invaded all of europe , then ` murika and then the moon . 
  who knows . 
  i know ` murika did n't even do half what the commies did against the nazis , but it was merely to state that franco alligned rather quickly to america once his best friend forever who helped him in the civil war started losing the war . 
  and franco did n't do it to stay neutral , thing is spain was heavily damaged after the civil war and there were far too many rojos to opress and children to indoctrinate to worry about . 
  i do find it funny that franco actually changed the flag in 1945 . 
  i wonder why . 
  although i would like to see what you say some day become , true , i see impossible that europe unifies under one view . 
  do n't laugh at the ruskies or they 'll throw their krokodile addicts at us !, 
  importing slaves from africa is too much work . 
  better use the ones that did n't die of smallpox and then take a siesta . 
  those jews and moriscos went on vacation , and then a lot of people went also on vacation during the big party that took place during 1936 to 1939 , and after that more people went to party in the following years . 
  no crimes here move along . 
  you mean austrian empire ? 
  how can you into full offensive and defensive ? 
  of wizard ? 
  well , because of my shitty computer i ca n't play eu4 , so i thought of it as in eu 3 , wether you are offensive or defensive . 
  crappings . 
  austria stole switzerland 's diploma and now holds him in his basement . 
  it would n't be so much of a problem if you could pronunce the ` r ' like it is . 
  it 's explained in the tutorial . 
  who needs gods when you have the imperial cult ? 
  despicable ? 
  how dare you ?!, 
  we brought them things like enslav ... 
  okay maybe life was n't that good , but we gave them orgies . 
  what ? 
  spain , not wanting clay ?!, 
  all clay is welcome in spain !, 
  even if it 's a worthless desert , all to try and remember the old days of glory while drinking some cheap wine in a tetrabrick , probably from dia % . 
  also gib job . 
  was n't it portugal ? 
  turkey has not been the same since lausana . 
  edit : did i say s\u00e8vres ? 
  lack of sleep is messing me up . 
  or is serbia russia upside down ? 
  you mean huge freedom flying kebab \u2122 ? 
  i 'm affraid your train to siberia is already here .
