  nor your limbs . 
  can i have albania ? 
  if shqipare is not available i can take greece . 
  so greece it will be then . 
  were they actually called revolutionary insurrectionary army of ukraine ? 
  i would 've thought that revolutionary and inserructionary were synonyms . 
  spasiva brate ( 5 euros that i mispelt something ), 
  lies, 
  or that 's what you want us to believe, 
  i do n't understand bosnian , sorry . 
  ohohoho , you do n't really know how spain is in this period . 
  bijelina will never forget you, 
  he initially chose spain , a big improvement if you ask me . 
  not even god can save you from early 20th century spain . 
  maybe in 1919 , but spain get 's progressively worse form this point onwards , portugal stabilizes more or less . 
  i was sat at home . 
  drinking from a severed kebab head . 
  yeah but this period is like the height . 
  you say it like spain was any different . 
  tho most of the instability prior to civil war was left in the 19th century . 
  so the 20s will be a mdoerately calmed period with not many bombings by the anarchists , but it will explode in a wonderful civil war . 
  yeah , it 's just south european things . 
  pretty much . 
  what exactly happened with siam ? 
  oh , sucks to heard that . 
  tho siam looks to small to succeed at scorched earth . 
  if you do n't want to bother stronk kingdom of hellas is willing to pacify shqip , the cost will be southern albania tho . 
  and get fucked when the japs start gassing you . 
  pls , who needs tactics when you can go full soviet and keep sending wave after wave ? 
  kingdom of greece plox, 
  ohohohoho , that 's definetly on my schedule . 
  y' all motherkebabs need \u0392\u0391\u03a3\u0399\u039b\u0395\u03a9\u03a3 !, 
  keep dreaming , kebab has its days counted . 
  pls , do n't make me intervene magyar . 
  typical brit . 
  did it even function as a country in ' 19 ? 
  barbaros pls , i do not speak that filthy tongue of yours , peacefully cede asia minor and i might let you live . 
  resistance is futile . 
  pls , do n't give the kebab fake hopes , it will make it harder when he has to give up all asia minor to glorious greece, 
  you laugh now , but i will soon reclaim my rightful clay and reform into glorius byzantium . 
  and instaurate a giant gyros statue in ankara . 
  pls , that 's defeatism to the cause , you know what we do to defeatists ? 
  jewlluminati confirmed, 
  no , we _ make _ them gyros . 
  see ? 
  i make sure no one is hungry in my country !, 
  everyone loves me and therefore will more than gladly go to war to die for my megalomania !, 
  blame losing wwi, 
  i 'm happy tho , more clay for hellas . 
  may the hairy orthodox god bless you brother . 
  look at the bright side , no smallpox this time !, 
  history would be so much more interesting if the mad baron would 've succeed . 
  is there any nation in eastern europe not-claimed anymore ? 
  and we thank you for your work . 
  this is going to be very interesting . 
  and very genocide-y, 
  the smoking kind ? 
  the arabian peninsula around this time looks like a perfect scenario for bloodshed and hilarious genocide nasheeds . 
  remaking byzantium still better tho . 
  world of jewish congress sounds so conspiracy theory worthy it 's almost comical . 
  must be the cold . 
  that it took so long, 
  not anymore anyways . 
  you want to anger the plotipus ? 
  romania pls , be a nice ^ ^ ^ ^ barbarian niece and help reinstaurate glorious ^ ^ ^ ^ eastern roman empire, 
  vic ii map would be better for this period anyways . 
  meh , they get the job done , but nothing beats drawing your own borders . 
  gypsy pls , you are surrounded by people that want your lands , do you really want more enemies ? 
  pls , i only hear your jelly voice because soon you 'll belong to the cartel . 
  good to know . 
  the gyros kingdom is willing to offer a friendly hand to everyone in the balkans except to those who follow the kebabic way of life aka ottoman and shqiperia . 
  why u no love hellas ? 
  said the bankrupt country, 
  he gets crushed by the reds when he tries to grab more land to the east . 
  as always . 
  also we 'll receive three different stats and none of them correct . 
  35 % , second turn 50 % will remain and third turn only 20 % will stay . 
  you siding with kebabs now ? 
  you enemy of hairy orthodox god !, 
  hairy crusade against the heretical austrians !, 
  greece borders need to be [ fixed ] ( http://www.ancientanatolia.com/historical/maps/image1b.gif ), 
  kebab pls , you gon na get partitioned and i 'm going to enjoy taking your clay and forcing people eat gyros . 
  and do n't you dare resist or i 'm calling the league of nations !, 
  world war champs !, 
  inb4 italy gets defeated by tripolitania, 
  3 turns until the gyros navy invades japan and genocides every single one there to spread the hairy faith . 
  africa . 
  first off , let me just say that i do n't think you should be able to control my big ung like this , especially without ever consulting me about what he would say and do . 
  i 'd like to get a mod 's opinion on this , because some of the stuff does n't make any sense . 
  like clubbing the big hairy animal in the head , what ? 
  big hairy animals are 100 % allowed and are seen as a source of learning , so i teach parts of the hair in caves . 
  it makes no sense that a big hairy animal would be considered clubable . 
  it also does n't make sense that my big ung would act this way towards a big hairy animal , regardless of them being from the stug tribe . 
  over all , i 'm just upset i was n't consulted over this . 
  i would have liked to be able to roleplay my own big ung , because another player definitely should not have control over my big ung and hairy animals . 
  if this is deemed legitimate i will write a response , but this kind of thing does not and should not happen . 
  i 'd like to get a mod to look at this . 
  embrace the gyros, 
  not with that attitude . 
  rif republic so shitty it got defeated by xx century spain,
