  are spainball mods corrupt ? 
  find out more for the modic price of 5 $, 
  ` tis some proper nice comic . 
  got a good laugh out of me , good job op !, 
  we can ban the queen , that 'll keep him away for good . 
  it involves surgery . 
  do n't they support the anti-eu parties ? 
  that would make sense . 
  their fault really for not being inmune to shelling . 
  does spain have a new player ? 
  lot pls , it is your duty to crush the reds . 
  rip polan . 
  but commissar has decadent western poster in background . 
  there is only one rome why make more ? 
  compensating for something ? 
  fascist spain coat of arms is worse to draw than regular one . 
  so i 'm affraid we wo n't see much of it here . 
  then go for it , i had to draw the two versions of the flag once . 
  never again . 
  the kingdom of greece will sign the cunt . 
  and as you can see georgia has not been absorbed by india . 
  i thought that germany only wanted to exploit them like any other sane country . 
  furniture is decadent capitalist invention !, 
  nah it does n't . 
  i 've quit . 
  also too many human rights . 
  i figured someone would complain when i started impaling dissidents . 
  yeah but austrian military has been shit-tier for centuries now so no one is surprised , germany on the other hand ... 
  did this ages ago but never got around publishing it anywhere . 
  so enjoy , since in the main sub only country balls allowed , and falange is anything but a country . 
  ( arguably the carlists were a country for a short period of time ), 
  where in the fuck are the link flairs btw ? 
  wot u heard acho , this here is a rare specimen of / r/spainball oc and i want it properly flaired as such . 
  this mierda not happening when i was mod and could fuck around freely , so now it 's your duty to w\u00f6rk in my place . 
  chop chop , i even included cata\u00f1o\u00f1a . 
  of course it works for you you 're mod , to make it available to the plebs you must do something in the flair thingie that i ca n't remember/know how to . 
  edit : whoever it was , nice job with the new message ball !, 
  [ two comics ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ flood ] ( #green - text ), 
  por favor, 
  yesh , just do n't go to sleep yet another one is coming . 
  civilization ? 
  it does n't even own slaves !, 
   i 'd say about 95 % of young and mid aged people in portugal have almost perfect english accent and fluency . 
  perks of bending over to britain for protection i guess . 
  lies and slander . 
  if only it was true ... ; _ ;, 
  what happens if you put together an albanian and a moldovan ? 
  the worst thing is that you 're so irrelevant you probably do n't even have an international image . 
  so basically transnistria ? 
  the gods avoid that place like the pest . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  inb4 guerra civil 2.0, 
  pick your sides before france closes the border again !, 
  the basque country is not poor either , they 're doing quite well for their tiny size . 
  not that simple either , while independentists like to blame madrid for all the shit in catalonia and saying they 're stealing muh duros catalonia could survive without spain , probably not like it 's doing now , certainly more cuts will be made to public sectors ( if there 's anything left to cut that is ) . 
  if catalonia were to secede now with the whole crisis going on spain could go to a very shitty position and become bigger portugal . 
  but that 's in the case that catalonai does secede , which is unlikely . 
  the habsburgs were forcedfully removed , the foreign powers saw that charles ii 's inbredness was making him an almost divine being and that , if he were to have any children , they would become gods on earth , that 's why they made him infertile and plotted against spain to make sure no such levels of inbredness would ever be achieved . 
  but one day , the old habsburg house will reveal their ultimate weapon they 've been keeping in the dungeons of old forgotten castles and the worls shall kneel to their inbred masters once again !, 
  i was n't calling them bigger portugal , last time i checked catalonia is smaller than portugal . 
  ` tis a funny country , where people hate each other for no other reason than not being them and resorts to petty nationalism . 
  this did n't happen with augustus i tell ya . 
   tfw no absolute monarch to rule with an iron fist , that thinks with a sensible mind and feels with a solidary heart, 
  that only works when the absolute monarch is n't an imbecile that would rather hunt than do anything useful with his fortune . 
  which is n't that uncommon in this country i 'm affraid . 
  wait , are you syaing that i have been wasting my money by stockpiling supplies and 80s jackets ?!, 
  well shit , there goes my chance of becoming a wasteland lord . 
  problem is that no involved party wants to talk , blaming madrid for all evils is working wonders , and madrid inducing fear into people of evil catalans who want to destroy espa\u00f1a is working good as well . 
  it 's like watching two monkeys fling shit at each other . 
  you 'll never catch me !, 
  i know these montes !, 
  it all goes back to the old problem , for every good king there are 5 bad ones , and 2 carlos ii `` el hechizado '' . 
  monarchy does have an important role in spain tho , we do n't have to think of anything to put in the back of the euro coins , just slap the king 's face and done . 
  nova barcelona would be patroled by cybernetic gegants that would shoot you upon failing to show your club super 3 's carnet . 
  truly a sight to behold . 
  well politics here have never been the most reasonable , the pp did nothing worthy of note while in the opposition aside of saying `` if you vote us spain will be good '' then they got elected and spain is not good . 
  and now they ca n't even win by just saying `` at least we 're not the psoe '' . 
  so yeah , not holding my breath for the next general elections . 
  nor the regional ones really , i assume all of spain will go more or less like andaluc\u00eda , aside from the basque country and catalonia having nationalist parties as major force . 
  unless you can make him not age we will end up with a skeleton as king . 
  that 's pretty rad actually . 
  i doubt podemos will be able to do all they promise , they seem to have very progressive ideas , but you can only do so much in 4 years and then their voters will be dissapointed and punish-vote someone else . 
  i 've mostly lost faith in politics in this country , people either vote to punish the previous government or they vote towards the leader who gave the speech last . 
  and then we end up with one of the two big parties in power again , it 's basically like the borbonic restauration system . 
  at this point i just hope i can get out of the country as soon as possible . 
  well , a nation , like the society , is made by the people who live in it so it kinda is the nation 's fault . 
  in the end everyone just looks out for themselves without caring if what they are doing is legal or not . 
  and then blaming everyone else , because gods forbid they make mistakes . 
  nothing bad with progress done right , in my opinion . 
  tho this country needs to get its shit sorted out before it tries to go anywhere . 
  purge the wicked !, 
  i guess they figured out that they can get way more votes of people who have become disillusioned with the current system by just going `` we 're going to demolish the old world and build a new '' . 
  quite a traditional view in times of crisis actually . 
  always someone comes with their new world view , be that one right-wing or left-wing and promis jauja . 
  but all they are competing against are corrupt political parties , so really they could just go `` we 're not corrupt '' and just get a crapton of votes . 
  nice talk indeed , and may fortuna smile upon you too . 
  pls , they can always use militia , it 's not like the j.o.n.s. 
  are n't willing to act . 
  there is no good america , let alone a best one .
