  actually france blocked the border , making aid reach to republican spain even harder . 
  too bad it ended up in franco, 
  you do n't need to know how to draw to make a polandball comic . 
  problem is franco already had it 's two biggest supports giving him shiny toys to play with . 
  still , france ca n't be blamed for not wanting to start another war with germany , those times were quite crazy . 
  because he did n't send enough people to the pared\u00f3n during the war and after . 
  he reinstaurated the death penalty in spain . 
  and the country would have gone a lot better without passing through a devastating civil war and 40 years of a closed minded dictatorship with being ultracatholic as part of it 's ideology . 
  also , the republic was n't communist , they gained quite a lot of support and power during the war like the anarchists . 
  so ... what was the actual value of that thing ? 
  what about yer jerbs ? 
  divide and rule , now with full mouse support and stereo sound !, 
  how the hell does that even work , and how can a country reach that situation ? 
  my money 's on the snail-eaters . 
  `` i hope graecia-senpai notices me ! '', 
  well , ego could be used if you really wanted to make clear that you are byzantium . 
  there 's people that do take seriously what is shown at fox news ? 
  they need to be studied . 
  a lot . 
  and hoi, 
  senpai did n't mean master or something like that ? 
  there 's nothing more psycho than serbia . 
  i ca n't hear you over my coastline . 
  is because of gender, 
  eritrea deserves a prize for being shittier than north korea . 
  no one cares slovenia, 
  i like this new system !, 
  north kore can into something else aside from dictatorship ? 
  looks like a graphical error . 
  yup , that 's some original naming for ya . 
  if you 're translating it to your native language and that 's how it 's written then , yes . 
  the un is so limited it 's like a limb-less person no one listens to . 
  is actually of mask . 
  beneath the innocent looking eu lies it 's true form , a barely contained warmonger , imperialistic state . 
  just like rome ... ah the good times ... 
  silly french !, 
  why you , of all people ally with the british ? 
  100 years war does n't ring any bells ? 
  are they poor jews ? 
  only wanting other 's monies ? 
  even usta\u0161a into better genocide . 
  glorious celsius master race, 
  better than in euiii , it always formed from some devastated teutonic order and did nothing but sit aimlessly and get destroyed by their neighbours . 
  like trying to spread good ideas through imperialism . 
  although that 's the norm in europe so no one really minds . 
  the metric system is the only true system !, 
  remove fahrenheit from the premises !, 
  it 's unfair , the english article about garum it 's much bigger than the one in latin , i demand a refund !, 
  they shall pay for this outrage !, 
  recognition x recognition , kosovo does n't do that . 
  you sound like a fahrenheit untermensch , here step in the train . 
  it 's size is 50 meters long , 243 cm tall and goes at 120 km/h . 
  it takes you to metrichausen . 
  trading would be hell . 
  remember what happened last time germany into big debt . 
  but you can not into the killings of germoney , that 's why it 's named germoney . 
  i see , is of magic book , maybe combine with gypsy sorcery for great justice !, 
  can be combined with immigrants living on welfare to accelerate the process . 
  wait , people actually say the month first ?!, 
  texas must be hell on earth . 
  all praise almight gypsy king , he who shall rule all of the gypsys and form allmight gypsy kingdom . 
  soon copper factories will learn to fear the hordes of gypsyania !, 
  d only comes when eastern poland is of much invested . 
  until then only polan . 
  think of the gators , they may get sick or something . 
  of clue : congo and leopold i, 
  that 's racist , all muslims should have an exact cruel treatment and be referenced as kebabs . 
  who does n't ? 
  other people who are not into gypsy kingdom . 
  franco-prussian war begs to differ . 
  a monocle and top hat struck by lightning . 
  it 's like the black pest . 
  colombian coffee so good it 's white !, 
  and also german . 
  and also making a second front to invade europe with gender and kebab !, 
  a spanish man once moved there out of utter retardation believing that in nk everything was made out of pure socialist gold . 
  then some tv sent people there to make a documentary of the country ( in spanish ) and he received them and all that . 
  shit was orwellian . 
  but now japan has a terrible weapon of mass destruction . 
  the kawaiizooka . 
  hawaii has already been hit as a warning strike , the next objective is the `` big red '' . 
  then they all will bow down to the kawaii master race . 
  more like avoiding getting your country bombed to pieces and land invasion . 
  the closest thing they had to war in their land was pearl harbour . 
  it may vary if you 're asking a standard spaniard from the streets or someone with studies . 
  the first wo n't know what is romania or that it is n't inhabited by gypsyes alone , the latter would have fled the country in search of w\u00f6rk . 
  seriously though , it is considered latin , and romanian actually sounds like italian to me so , why not ? 
  you did n't said the same thing while we put your kind in the cross . 
  barbarian . 
  is of plan , we repeat 1609 and rich again . 
  that 's why we bring jews back . 
  jolly good chaps . 
  it 's all a conspiracy !, 
  quick !, 
  grab the tin foil top hat !, 
  yes , you 're charged with high treason !, 
  why the hell would you recquire so much sunscreen ? 
  do you spend your vacations building pyramids in the nile ? 
  gibraltar was given to the english after the sign of a treaty and it basically said they could keep it forever . 
  what is of controversial ?
