  butchering latin is fun , you should try it . 
  was supposed to be longer but i decided to split it up in two parts for added dramatism . 
  also i spent too much time trying to draw [ this ] ( http://www.hessenantique.com/v/vspfiles/photos/haigti005-2.jpg ) . 
  oh do n't make me blush !, 
  i actually wanted to draw a cuntryball long before but never got an idea . 
  it 's about time i told you poland ... 
  it 's actually dirty , the flag 's supposed to be white . 
  do we need to talk with dr. \u00d6sterreich again poland ? 
  a cheap attempt at making the word `` idea '' look portuguese . 
  i was too spanish to use the translator so i just went with the old joke that portuguese is just spanish with \u00e3o thrown randomly . 
  then i 'll call sweden . 
  dude i 'm actually spanish , and it 's called chorizo . 
  chorizo dirty south galician !, 
  what did you just summon portuguese ? 
  ## canaday, 
  you know what they say hansa . 
  old habits die hard . 
  it is of not ? 
  third installment of the saga . 
  what could have happened to catalonia and the rest of the spanish regions ? 
  only germany knows . 
  look at their borders, 
  what did you do to my alfabet ? 
  yes we are, 
  i know , right ? 
  never understimate roman infraestructure \u2122, 
  latest issue in the series . 
  this time with more anal rape . 
  that inflated argentina took more time to draw than what i expected . 
  you will end up being another of germany 's little puppies , just like all of southern europe, 
  historical inaccuracy in polandball ?!, 
  quick rally the legions !, 
  you will come to the eu sooner or later . 
  as will norway . 
  gib virgin or i send gypsys to island, 
  seize the opportunity, 
  good , we will use him to spy on ` murika . 
  the need to enlist to serve your country 's army . 
  freide means peace in german so it represents that if you enlist you will help the country reach peace . 
  ## yeeehaaa !, 
  the enter key should be isolated . 
  i 'm tired of randomly ending words with + or \u00e7, 
  greek letters too op . 
  also i can never make the lambda look nice , it always looks like some kind of degenerated a. 
  byzantium pls , stop trying to sabotage latin alfabet . 
  who is downvoting you my polish friend ? 
  yes , during ` murika day i upload a quick comic about some spanish provinces . 
  see how much i care about your, 
  ## freedom, 
  edit : also , for non-spanish speakers , extremadura literally means extreme and hard ( or tough ), 
  then you 'll better watch out for russians too . 
  ## murcia *, 
  ftfy, 
  i know , i was waiting for 4th of july to post it in the main because murcia and murica look alike . 
  we would recquire a / comunidadautonomaball though it 's too long the name , something more like r/comunidadball, 
  the relation between spanish comunidades aut\u00f3nomas can be so retarded they are polandball worthy . 
  also you could vent all your independentisme there too . 
  hue . 
  you 're doing good then . 
  have my blessings and continue spreading the holy word !, 
  i think originally it was for canadian provinces judging by the description . 
  but yes , voivodeshipball sounds better . 
  i 'll let you the honor , only a true pole should create the ultimate polandball ( a polandball of poland ), 
  needs more paella . 
  and migas now that we 're at it . 
  also tortilla de patatas . 
  hmmmm . 
  content , also spreading the word that this exists . 
  bitch please , we into corruption before it was cool . 
  also inflation . 
  \u00a1 imperio !, 
  [ yes , the eyes are so big to cover the fact i did n't want to draw the coat of arms . 
  i ca n't work faster i 'm not german . 
  wrong verison , i intended to share this one http://i.imgur.com/1sbojbz.png, 
  ( adds transparency ), 
  you still kept the aussies, 
  power ... power !, 
  disclaimer : i do n't take any responsability if corruption skyrockets . 
  sorry for the late response i was in a mariscada with the ministry of agriculture . 
  very nice , though i do n't know how to activate the `` mod mode '' . 
  also we need proper tutorial and content . 
  says bobby-joe, 
  more or less , they are now begining a full-on invasion of portugal . 
  legend tells it 's the number of times germany has been raped . 
  if i recall correctly they are regimental numbers , it was the number of the pickelhaube i used as a model . 
  i still fear that if i make a comic too long imgur may convert it into . jpeg, 
  so here is this small one . 
  album with all the episodes so far : http://imgur.com/a/niobv, 
  what did you just say barbarian ? 
  you clearly did them wrong . 
  look at what they did, 
  here little one , i will show you roman culture , and soon you will bomb our enemies to restore glorious roman empire . 
  you like bombs do n't you ? 
  calm down now norn iron , i know you like your brits , but do they let you use bombs ? 
  i know i will let * you * use bombs . 
  now , is n't that good ? 
  are you sure you 're sacrificing them to the correct god ? 
  thinking about it there is n't any god dedicated to videogame and electronic issues ... that might have something to do ... 
  bad idea , if you nuke them we ca n't enslave the population . 
  what kind of roman are you ?
