  mind = blown, 
  i 'm trying to think of something funny to say . 
  so it 'll take its sweet time . 
  celtic heritage ? 
  really malta ? 
  if you 're celt i 'm nordic . 
  but the crown did mention some dna tests did n't it ? 
  now i , too , want to see them . 
  show the world your aryaness !, 
  also bring drug money , smelting hansa 's throne only lasted to partially supply the army and rebuild half the castle . 
  that does not make you a celt tho . 
  you have specified here more your questionable doctor practices than your heritage . 
  you know what else has green in their flag ? 
  but that flag has no official state . 
  their people roam . 
  the hole of the crown is n't empty ... 
  a little bit more ... _ eastern _, 
  even more . 
  this is glorious, 
  i could n't let this yinius idea go un-drawn . 
  glad to help !, 
  and remember kids , a wanking population is a population that does n't protest !, 
  it might not look that silent for you , but coming from a language that only has one silent letter , that 's a lot of silence . 
  humid andaluc\u00eda is truly what fuels my nightmares . 
  that 's the purpose of canarias . 
  iceland and stronk are antonyms . 
  predictable ? 
  hansito pls , nowadays civil wars recquire air support to bomb innocents , and since i 'm not into that ghetto shit that the syrians have throwing makeshift bombs and all , i went for the classier option , stukas , that is . 
  you 're just jeallous i have some majestic flying machines murdering everything within their reach and you do n't . 
  did you know that we 're having quite a brain drain here in spain ? 
  i like to think of it as a reconquista to the north . 
  not funny for you , but we 're still laughing at you running from a corpse on a horse . 
  hard not to when we 're right next to africa . 
  hm , now i wonder who is more numerous , latin americans or africans . 
  i did not expect that many brazilians . 
  i wonder if there 's another map like this one but showing to which parts of spain they go . 
  you know el cid campeador ? 
  moors during the reconquista feared him and when he died what they did was tie him to his horse and send him towards the moorish lines , the moors , upon seeing him , fled from the battle . 
  it 's _ general\u00edsimo karrig , supreme minister of climate & environment _ now . 
  i was n't blaming the kebabs , it 's just that where i live there are more moroccans than south americans and thus i get that impression . 
  shhh , if we keep denying it hard enough it will become reality !, 
  til moors have the smelling capabilities of dogs . 
  soon you will feel a pain in the ass so it 's ok . 
  so much for mr. nice sweden . 
  i just hope he is fair with the price . 
  silly hansito , you think you can hide gold from me ? 
  i smell it , and i smell that your throne is faker than my passport . 
  half of it would be under foreing subjugation , tho . 
  so i might have discovered what is the problem with flairs after fucking around a test-subreddit of mine , you have to go to the `` edit flair '' section in the mod tools panel and shit and above all the flair clusterfuck should be a panel thingie that says `` flair options '' then you check the box that says `` allow users to assign their own link flair '' . 
  if that does n't work the subreddit is officially haunted . 
   did i mention karrig did set up a precent in a previous post ? 
  yeah , in the `` meanwhile , in espa\u00f1a '' comic ... 
  but i am an ex-mod of course i can do that ^ ^ ^ ( ^ ^ i ^ ^ completly ^ ^ forgot ^ ^ i ^ ^ included ^ ^ the ^ ^ jons ^ ^ i ^ ^ swear ), 
  can confirm , is work . 
  lazy bums the lot of them, 
  burning ?!, 
  what are you , some kind of savage ?!, 
  there are much more ecofriendly ways of executing people , like hanging them . 
  too inefficient . 
  you have to cut trees for that , not eco-friendly at all . 
  the nails sure as hell are n't . 
  there was only one explosion , most definetly not . 
  [ alarm f\u00fcr cobra 11 and polandball ? 
  truly , a glorious time to be alive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocp_lu6iwka ), 
  not enough carlistas to be truly accurate . 
  nice comic regardless . 
  and that 's because you ca n't see the ever-growing pile of unfinished comics . 
  i got an idea twice per month if it was a good month , out of all the ideas perhaps one gets into the sketch period , and if the starts allign one may even see the light of day . 
  anyone who stands in our way , right now a bunch of cardboard cutouts that the crafty jews have placed to trick my troops . 
  and of course we 're also plundering anything of value we can find , that 's important , vodka ai n't buying itself . 
  i hope you were n't too attached to the dick-throne , because it has been smelted . 
  it depends , do you want the official explanation or the extra-official one ? 
  shhhhh , it 's all over now . 
  richest in all of north africa woooooho !, 
  eat that morocco !, 
  perhaps becoming part of north africa would make life in the iberian peninsula more positive , we would no longer be two poor countries with rampant corruption , we would be two of the most stable and richest countries in all of africa !, 
  [ implying there 's anyone not corrupt in this peninsula ] ( #green - text ), 
  i can accept that portugal is less corrupt if only because it 's smaller . 
  maybe you 're just shit at discovering corruption , or persecuting the corrupts . 
  my dick is made out of solidified mediterranean macho . 
  it ca n't be melted ( tho iirc there was this chap from my town that went to thailand , did n't know the language and accidentally got a sex change instead of whatever the fuck he went to the clinic for , it would 've been tragic if he did n't end up getting a ferrari out of it . 
  then again he was hardly a macho ib\u00e9rico ) . 
  also , as i already told you , i have an advanced grasp of the art of civil war , i know perfectly how to keep my troops loyal , morale is going down ? 
  let them rape the slaves !, 
  they 're getting severe ptsd due to the stukas bombign all day and night ? 
  more vodka !, 
  i do n't know what the rest of the mods are up to , but if they 're in the eastern ruins of the castle chances are they have got to know how a stuka siren sounds . 
  i 'll let you know i 'm deeply offended by your statements , i 'm not a corrupting force , i just have a very special sense of responsible money handling . 
  for you and for old times ' sake , it 'll be 5 euros . 
  or a comic advancing the storyline within the next three days . 
  with what euros do you think the _ fortress of deadly doom \u2122 _ was built ? 
  you ca n't hide money nor gold from a spaniard , we smell it . 
  ask the incas if you do n't believe me . 
  ok but you 're not getting out of the comic fee . 
  noo not the bacalhauuuuuuuuu, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  bloody ` ell , syria is bound to haunt my nightmares for a little while at least . 
  and the cum dripping from syria 's balls is quite a nice attention to detail . 
  did i ? 
  bright red and bright green ?
