  there were lines between colours . 
  best way to cope with trauma is grabbing a flair from the sidebar ^ ^ d, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's the very first flair . 
  i know , 
  iceland pls . 
  greenland is part of the kingdom of denmark . 
  _ specially _ mongolia, 
  / r/provinceball , the subreddit about canadian provinces that only has a comic about spanish autonomous communities . 
  i do know _ a lot _ about colonies . 
  specially the part of dealing with natives . 
  but without natives who do you rape ? 
  i 'm not paying the ticket if there is no promise of boobs . 
  will the * hrm * once-cake in the ground be thick enough to catch maxi , or will he splurt against the ground ? 
  i 'm dissapointed you did n't add an increasing pile of buds ( is that the word ) like in your cooking with france comic . 
  sidebard pls , i have n't taken my pants off yet , why so much screaming ? 
  it depends i would say , if you are in a wooden hut and there is lightings going out outside a cackle is just too classy to be left out , if you are , let 's say , in some big room sitting in a comfy chair against a completly vulnerable victim , then the stare is more effective , to let the other one know nothing about your intentions or what you are thinking . 
  jews have money . 
  who said he did n't fall downhill and found himself in the sea ? 
  how dare you not know all the languages ? 
  you mean glorious ? 
  8 , 1 and 7 balls tend to be used only between interactions of an european country and natives tho . 
  if he is n't at least he 's true to his nation stereotype of not being good at humor . 
  did the previous comment section had too many kebabs and you had to remove it ? 
  but then who guides your artillery ? 
  do n't give them ideas . 
  and judging by his name , not very original . 
  eh , that 'll have to do . 
  when the time is right . 
  for now the world ca n't handle my maps , for they are too accurate . 
  but your axe does not appear until page 54 ... 
  serbia confirmed for rightful italian clay, 
  the irrelevance of norway it 's a natural shield against its smug clouds , sweden , however , has enough relevance thanks to ikea and abba to be able to affect the rest of the world and not only iceland . 
  you must pay peaje . 
  around 5 euros . 
  did all that silver make him turn blue ? 
  [ implying anything in spain is n't rotting ] ( #green - text ), 
   we scream the loudest so we are the rightest, 
  that 's basically how this country works . 
  yeah , the basques reached their height when they made carrero blanco car-jumping world champion . 
  what side do you want ? 
  pro-independence , anti-independence , carlists ? 
  nah , anarchism is more strong in catalonia than the commies . 
  that would explain why they have so few peajes there . 
  _ and _ a musket . 
  for when the next war starts . 
  the die hard carlists , comuni\u00f3n tradicionalista carlista , yes . 
  the rest are fragmented into more federalists/leftist groups . 
  the chav cap is just lovely . 
  ah , good old carrero blanco campe\u00f3n de salto . 
  anus not as prolapsed as i would like but unfortunately the german army no longer used pickelhaubes in wwii . 
  for shame germany , for shame !, 
  also , i hate drawing the swastika , it never looks right . 
  blasted thing , why could n't they steal a simpler symbol ? 
  where is the kawaii face ? 
  if you look closely you can see the nipples . 
  close , but no , it 's a peineta . 
  spanish habsburgs out-incested austrian habsburgs , that 's why the spanish empire was bigger . 
  poland is sehr dirty . 
  do you really thought he was that pious ? 
  wait , it 's not usual to write in `` cursive '' ? 
  anglos be weird . 
  so , is taiwan addicted to tentacle porn then ? 
  they are n't floating because inflation tho , they are floating because of their massive egos . 
  most of the countries that can say that , if not all , are either extremly irrelevant or colonies . 
  or both . 
  you still have to account for that one time your white house got burned down . 
  that probably improved the place to be fair . 
  wait we do n't ? 
  what the hell have i been using ? 
  tell me one . 
  hey !, 
  the sponge got cleaned at some point . 
  oh but i was talking about countries that are undefeated and relevant . 
  did n't they lost against some countries in asia ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the place improved with the fire . 
  we have this joke in spain too !, 
  but instead of jews it 's with people from tiny towns in the interior , and it 's actually based in reality because there were sheets with holes intended for sex ... 
  i 'm starting to think it was n't a joke ... 
  we would n't have been violent if you would just accept that you were our province for ever and ever and that tariffs are supposed to be high because that 's how god wants it . 
  i thought that when they gained more pacific islands after the spanish american war was after wwii ? 
  or did they got some more in the mean-time between 1898-1945 ? 
  [ they seem very open about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq_j2c6hrz0 ), 
  pls , only reason that france and glitter islands became relevant was because spain went into perpetual siesta and could no longer keep them in check . 
  gib back our rightful clay !, 
  all of it !, 
  specially the deserts , you better not have touched our deserts !, 
  well there 's not that much information , spain has historically been a very catholic country , which means that some nutjobs here are more repressed than the american puritans , they will consider everything a sin , and therefore they sha n't look at the body of a woman . 
  there was this one man in my old hometown in extremadura ( the town was in the middle of nowhere so it was a cancerous patch of houses ) who was so narrowminded , so stupid and so puritan that he fucked his wife through a sheet with a hole . 
  this was n't something unheard of in espa\u00f1a ulterior ( mainly little towns in the interior parts as well as andaluc\u00eda ) . 
  the proper way is to toss it into the harbour . 
  and because traitorous castille supported the frenchies , and the fact that the austrians just left in the middle of the war . 
  1714 worst day of life , never forget , never forgib !, 
  habsburgs rightful kings !, 
  remove borb\u00f3n !, 
  pls , do n't you know that the more inbred the more power you hold ? 
  charles was so inbred and so powerful the world could n't handle it , so he ascended into the inbred plain of existance . 
  i thought they went under direct american rule right after the peace treaty . 
  til, 
  make more .
