well `` the baltics '' as most people know them are just estonia , latvia , and lithuania . 
  in no definition are the uk and ireland part of them . 
  but if you 're going off of geographical definitions , you could include not only the scandinavian ( or fennoscandian ) countries bar norway , but also germany and those noncoastal countries that are part of the baltic basin , such as norway , the ukraine , or the czech republic . 
  the problem with using the phrase `` the baltics '' is that there are tons of different defintions . 
  have you read about our [ ghost trains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_train ) that run on lines that no one uses purely because by a previous law they had to stay open and now it 's just cheaper to run them rather than close the whole line ? 
  how about `` robbed '' ? 
  well the only de jure language of the uk is welsh , so by that logic all of the uk should be coloured here as welsh . 
  it makes more sense to do the entire map as de facto languages due to official languages being such a mess . 
  maybe because there 's a majority of welsh speakers in the area shown , and a minority in the area left for english ? 
  same as the entirety of europe , like alsace being german i assume ? 
  well specifically i recall him saying `` cut the green crap . '', 
   if he does n't support the eu , he should open an opposing institution and fight the eu from the outside . 
  why ? 
  who says he ca n't fight from the inside ? 
  it 's a basic tenet of democracy and you may not be a fan of the system but that * is * the system . 
   he is representing idiots that oppose the eu . 
  how are opponents of the eu idiots ? 
  surely they 're able to reason just as well as you or i ? 
   only people supporting the eu should have decision making powers within the eu . 
  if so , then there 'll never be real scrutiny of the eu if all members are perfect propenents of it . 
  eventually , such a system would collapse . 
  but farage does serve the eu , by acting as a major player in the opposition to scrutinise and by representing thousands of members of the eu . 
  what ?!, 
  in a democracy , it makes sense that even those that are against the establishment are able to be apart of it . 
  surely farage 'll be even more motivated to scrutinise the actions of said establishment and help the eu . 
  also , farage represents thousands of british citizens so deserves a place in the european parliament just as much as any other member . 
  if you provided evidence for thinking so then they might . 
  wikipedia has a similar sort of system . 
  you 've not been glasgow recently then , eh ? 
  probably the scottish attempting to leave . 
   bight i 'm sorry , did you just forget how `` bite '' was spelt then ? 
  brain fart ? 
  definitely !, 
  wales ' flag has their dragon ; the scottish flag should include her !, 
  that 'll show her how confident we are in her . 
  ah but we can let everyone else fight it out and come out in the end . 
  have you not seen the body/face paint in the hunger games ? 
  and if no one 's ever seen nessie , then what if she did have mad powers we did n't know about ? 
  well you can go around saying those if you 'd like , but i 'd rather not look like i had a lisp or something . 
  yeah but she 's hidden from us for centuries , i 'm sure she could hide underwater from a dragon . 
  * cough * 3rd * cough *, 
  and you have n't thought of the loch ness monster ? 
  nessie would whoop their continental arses . 
  you implied a heck of a lot . 
  yes , you did n't explicitly state that the us won ww2 , if you 're saying the uk was lucky that the us joined them in the tone you used , it certainly comes across in the same was as saying `` we won the war for you '' . 
  as i 've said in another comment , perhaps apathy is the wrong word . 
  i 'm trying to put across the idea that people automatically support the status quo and those fighting for change are the ones with the battle ahead , not those who wish to continue with the current system . 
  therefore the ` in ' campaign is stronger automatically , and the ` out ' campaign has their work cut out . 
  sure , though there are those who will vote even if they have no great feeling either way . 
  i personally know a couple of people who really could n't care any less but feel bad if they fail to vote in any election/referendum . 
  maybe there 's a better word for this situation than apathy , but i felt it suited what i was trying to describe well . 
  and status quo bias has been shown to have a large affect in decision making . 
  yeah but those who are apathetic will vote for the status quo . 
  happens in nearly every recent referendum . 
  scottish independence , av voting reform , north-east devolution , manchester congestion charge . 
  wow , that 's news to me . 
  really interesting to see the roots of words , i love etymology , just never really thought about it with regards to wales . 
  still more like wales than cymru . 
  not really good news for the welsh . 
  ha , even in hungarian , wales is known by an english-sounding name , not cymru . 
  do n't worry about going on and on in this subject , i 'm a politics student , and finding someone who is interested in how the house of lords works is a rare occurrence . 
  the idea with the house of lords is scrutiny . 
  of course the pure democratic legitimacy is affected , but it is in order to increase the effectiveness of the legislature for the good of the country . 
  bear in mind that 's the idea , in practice , we could debate for days on whether this is true . 
  one of the issues i have with what you 're saying is that the house of lords is a body of non-elected nobles - this is n't true . 
  there are 92 hereditary peers in the house of lords , along with 26 bishops of the church of england , that 's true . 
  but the house of lords is a massive body , made up of 822 members , including many life peers . 
  these are created by the queen , who acts on the advice of the prime minister or the appointments commission . 
  by convention , however , the pm allows other party leaders to nominate some peers , to maintain a political balance in the lords . 
  as you can see , this means most of the house of lords is democratic , just in an indirect manner . 
  onto the idea of reform . 
  when we talk about reform , we have to ask why we want it . 
  is it because the current system is n't effective , or because it is n't ` democratic ' . 
  then there comes the questions of is the lords effective , and is it democratic . 
  well as neither of these are clear cut , the idea of * how * we reform is basically irrelevant in the political debate . 
  any reform would have to be both more effective , and more democratic , or increase one without harming the other . 
  there is also the question of whether it matters if the lords is undemocratic ( if we assume it is ) , if its being effective in scrutinising the actions of the commons and bringing expertise and representation that the commons does n't bring . 
  i can talk about different planned reforms if you would like , but i feel what i 've said above shows how it really is n't the issue here . 
  sorry , they do n't reject bills by the opposition because they 're by the opposition by default . 
  it 's just that if a certain thing is in the opposition 's manifesto , such as labour scrapping the non-dom status , and it manages to pass the commons due to some conservative rebellions , it wo n't , like if the conservatives had authored it , pass by default - it will be debated and possibly voted down in the lords . 
  does that make it clearer ? 
  sure , they can , but it just does n't happen . 
  why would we get annoyed when it does n't happen ? 
  it 's like the fact that the prime minister does n't actually have any power , it 's all convention . 
  sure , the queen actually has all the power it just does n't actually work that way . 
  ha , sure . 
  i was being nice really , was n't i ? 
  only 92 of them are actually nobility ( not that that 's okay ) . 
  the rest are ` life peers ' , not hereditary , and are appointed by a committee on behalf of the queen on the advise of the prime minister due to their service and expertise in a certain area . 
  for example , alan sugar may be one of the most famous , representing business interests and bringing expertise in that area , to andrew lloyd webber in theatre . 
  also , they wo n't oppose anything the government does that was in its manifesto , just policies that go against that or bills passed by the opposition . 
  hey , you 'll be here in time to see cameron leave office !, 
  lincoln and franklin are up there . 
  the only two parties with any chance of becoming the senior party in government are the conservatives and labour . 
  neither have normal leadership elections ... 
  i would choose francis urquhart over cameron , gove , may , johnson , or osbourne any day . 
  ah , british politics . 
  brings a tear to your eye ... 
  and by leadership election you mean a few of them will sit around in one of their clubs and discuss it for a few minutes , and then the candidate they 've chosen plus another for show will be printed on postal ballots and given to conservative members , and then the one they want will win ? 
  let 's hope all the long-distance couples vote remain .
