gee thanks . 
  not stereotypical enough !, 
  maybe a heroin hypodermic skewering a deep-fried marsbar . 
  dey do doh , dont dey doh , or dey dont doh , do dey doh , dat is deh question . 
  wait . 
  what 's robin hood doing in galloway ? 
  and shakespeare in liverpool ... 
  mouthwatering ... 
  i 'm still baffled by the hostility , and am not clear on what constitutes the cake and what constitutes eating the cake in this context . 
  downvote away , fellow europeans . 
  i disagree that scotland will be forced to enter the eurozone . 
  the evidence for this is that scotland is in the eu currently , along with many states that are not being forced into the eurozone . 
  sweden for example . 
  so you 're saying scotland would get kicked out of the eu , and this is common sense and not about ejecting scotland - got it . 
  there 's no special dispensation here - it 's simply loopy that scotland * or any other part of the eu * would be kicked out . 
  common sense it ai n't . 
  please stop being angry that scotland would get ` special treatment ' - i think this would apply equally if belgium or spain were to split into multiple countries . 
  i 'm saying that if spain , in a fit of pique , tried to block catalonian eu membership they 'd be taken aside by other eu states and told in no uncertain terms to grow up . 
  your comment does nothing to explain why anyone sane would want to eject scotland from the eu . 
  why are you so angry at scotland ? 
  yeah - it 's weird to me that so many people in this subreddit think of england ( etc ) as being a bunch of vindictive dicks . 
  ultimately we 're all pals over here in ukland ( apart from anyone who works for the telegraph ), 
  good for you , although i think that were catalonia to become an independent country , cooler heads would prevail and the angry imaginings of internet commenters would not transpire . 
  rspain would be harmed by catalonia being outside the eu and would be quickly slapped into line by other eu countries . 
  | who says spain wo n't block your efta candidacy ? 
  their fishing industry perhaps ? 
  | the idea that scotland will negotiate it 's entry to the eu from inside the eu is ludicrous i 'm also curious as to why the most sensible option is somehow ` ludicrous ' in your mind . 
  | would n't it be just hilarious just curious - why the hostility ? 
  think of it as being similar to various independent countries using the euro without abolishing their parliaments and becoming a german region * ( although the sterling zone is arguable a more compatible currency region - or whatever the jargon is ) . 
  * cue uncharitable comments about euro countries becoming undemocratic satellites of germany here . 
  yeah - this is what i envisage too - scotland would remain in the existing open-borders region of the british isles . 
  any talk of schengen is scaremongering by anti-independence campaigners who `` think our heids zip up the back '' as we say here . 
  scotland is currently part of the eu , and i expect that when sanity prevails and the scaremongering is behind us , sensible negotiations by grown-ups ( as opposed to folk on the internet with a bafflingly hostile position ) will mean scotland seamlessly becomes a member state without a jarring and damaging gap of non-membership . 
  as for `` omg compulsory euro membership dude '' . 
  joining the euro requires a preceding period of membership of the erm . 
  membership of the erm is optional . 
  joining the euro is optional . 
  there , that ought to cover it . 
  are you trying to say salmond is fibbing , and has a secret plan for scotland to join the euro ? 
  that sentence really does n't need to be translated to reveal a super sekrit meaning . 
  here 's the meaning : salmond is saying scotland wont join the euro in the forseeable future . 
  however he is n't ruling out scotland choosing to join the euro for all eternity , since he ca n't and it would be dumb to claim otherwise . 
  maybe joining the euro will be in our economic interests at some point ? 
  why claim that it 'll never happen , while simultaneously binding ( futile ) future governments ? 
  it 's a similar if not identical position to that taken by the uk labour party - in the past at least . 
  i would n't be surprised if their position has hardened into what was traditionally the tory position , i.e. 
  `` the uk will never join the euro . 
  not ever . '', 
  i live in a light blue bit of scotland and am slightly comforted by the fact we get less rain than seattle . 
  * slightly :'( * . 
  the uk would probably become a poverty-stricken basket case like norway or switzerland . 
   easy enough to make , things have changed quite a bit over there since i was young ( thatcher era ) . 
  there 's never been such a thing as british law . 
  * the irish had problems but they got uk 's support almost unconditionally . 
  * ireland and uk economies are quite closely integrated , so there was a large element of self-interest involved . 
  * iceland not only went bust , it directly said fuck off to its creditors . 
  * if iceland had been in the euro , its freedom of action would have been much more limited . 
  * countries that fucked up are treated more `` fairly '' just because they are more `` north european and aryan '' . 
  * this is fucking pathetic . 
  absolutely pitiful . 
  the sorbs should get a homeland , for the only reason that we could then confuse sorbia and serbia . 
  they even have incredibly similar flags iirc . 
  yes , sometimes it 's baked into the language . 
  uk = england netherlands = holland . 
  `` compact '' sounds more * binding * , * promisey * , and * mutual obligationular * than agreement . 
  com \u00b7 pact n . an agreement or a covenant . 
  i hate this crudely drawn cartoon . 
  `` german nudist sea '' is horrifyingly dystopic . 
  an attempt to duplicate the style of flag explanations from that site : the blue symbolises being open to new experiences ( for some reason ) . 
  the letter e 's represent two doors symbolising increasing openness . 
  the loose ` ring ' of stars symbolise the tunnel down which we all explore , reaching towards greater unity . 
  thankyou , that is exactly as i wished . 
  * transfers payment to tin_dog 's account *, 
  okay , call me old fashioned , but i 'm very disappointed not to see at least one entry with a subtle goatse motif . 
  i checked ten pages . 
  power cuts , more expensive energy , more deaths due to cold temperatures in winter as a result . 
  this moral equivalence argument is like saying locking up joseph fritzl is wrong , because `` it 's just copying what fritzl did himself '' . 
  the russians living in latvia are the result of a sustained and thankfully failed campaign to erase latvia , one of the worst kinds of crimes . 
  latvians are justified in trying to reverse that , and frankly they are being very fair about it all , as far as i can see . 
  eu countries are perfectly entitled to release their own glowingly positive ratings , and people can decide to believe those , if they are convinced . 
  * `` buy our debt - best in the world !, 
  do n't believe the lies of those yankee conspirators !, 
  they 're only interested in making money , not what is good for europe !, 
  '' * ratings only have the weight that people assign to them . 
  tl ; dr - people said a thing . 
  presumably after that people started making molotov cocktails , attacking the police and damaging property . 
  before that , totally peaceful i 'll bet . 
  bloody fascists , standing in the way of one 's right to throw petrol bombs and smash shit up . 
  just a bit of fun . 
  i do love those big funny hats that they have in the russian military . 
  the previous 3 governments ( 1997 , 2001 and 2005 ) would all still have been labour governments , even with the exclusion of scottish mps . 
  enough of the ** england labouring under the jackboot of caledonian oppression ** nonsense , please , 
  audio utterly out of sync . 
   cameron is n't forcing anyone to do anything . 
  he is however pushing for it to be a year early , for the reasons i 've said above . 
  yes , he has pretty much given up on trying to rush the referendum , given that it did n't go down too well . 
  it was a classically ham-fisted , high-handed intervention that backfired - unless of course you believe that cameron is a secret campaigner for independence . 
  on balance i do n't believe that . 
  as for this opinion poll - 180 scottish respondents giving in theory a 7 % margin of error . 
  there does look to be an upward trend though , but it 's early days , and there 's plenty of time for the no camp to develop the ability to distinguish their arses from their elbows .
