  so far their antics have been lamentable . 
  so the referendum is set for late 2014 , and personally i 'm glad there 'll be plenty of time to debate the issues . 
  i make that two ` no 's , one troll , and one enthusiastic scandinavian . 
  ( i 'm a yes ), 
   bate actually it 's spelled ` bait ' waaaaiit a minute ... 
  silly to even report numbers based on that sample size . 
  i wish they 'd stop doing that . 
  the margin of error is  10 % . 
  probably a very small scottish sample size if the total is 1000 , and it 's uk wide . 
  less-than-one-tenth-of-the-uk theoretical influence in a union where massively outnumbered , compared to no influence with independence . 
  it 's a trade-off . 
  i ask - who in their right mind would want to hand over their sovereignty to folk such as we see in this demoralizing thread , in the hope that it will cause interest rates to twitch a tenth or so of a percent either way . 
  i 'm going to flee now , as i honestly ca n't be arsed reading any more chauvinistic ill-informed shite . 
  for anyone who 's interested , here is the [ text of salmond 's speech ] ( http://www.snp.org/blog/post/2012/jan/hugo-young-lecture-scotlands-place-world ) . 
  this brings `` that 's it , i 'm moving to canada ! '', 
  to new heights of hilarity . 
  no fine-grained norwegian data then . 
  interesting that east germany out-purchases most other countries in europe . 
  the point is ( apart from the fact that you are ignorant of the history , and proud of it ) that some in the labour party wanted a referendum ( when the snp did n't want one , natch - otherwise their bluff might have been called ) back in 2008 , but their superiors did not want one at that time . 
  you know - labour - the main unionist party in scotland . 
  i think `` the unionists would have chosen 2008 '' is frankly bollocks . 
  as for the lib dems , they were opposed to a referendum to such an extent that it was a red line when negotiating a coalition . 
  as for the tories , they are not that relevent in scotland , someone other than me would need to say what their position was at the time . 
  completely is a strong word . 
  even france and the uk are n't completely separate these days . 
  ruk and scotland could and i think would have closer ties than that . 
  on citizenship , any resident will be eligible ( if uk citizen ? ), 
  and anyone scots-born . 
  possibly it 's even more liberal than that . 
  i agree on the devomax thing . 
  gradualism is the way to go . 
  your comment pointed it out to me !, 
  wendy alexander was the leader of the opposition in scotland , at the time . 
  she was pro-referendum for a few days , but then withdrew the offer quickly before anyone took her up on it , and then lost the job soon after . 
  her higher-ups in the labour party were displeased with her position . 
  facts . 
  the conservatory party maybe , but that has ` tory ' in it . 
  so what you 're sayin is `` do n't confuse me with the facts . 
  my opinions beat any fact . '', 
  i 'm trying to cast my mind back . 
  was that when wendy alexander said bring it on ( again , to try and change the timing ) and head office told her to behave ... 
  gets a mention at the end of [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-15138555 ) * a list of potential names for the party has also emerged from activists . 
  * * it includes the scottish unionists , scottish reform party , the scottish progressives , progressive conservatives , scotland first or scotland forward , and caledonian or the caledonians . 
  * names are hard . 
  i like to think an independent scotland would end up with a successful party sitting on the right hand of the political spectrum [ that i could maybe bring myself to vote for ] . 
  at the moment it 's all centre-left parties vying to prove who is the centre-leftest . 
  the tories have too much baggage to fill the role . 
  they had a candidate running for leader recently who proposed that the scottish conservatives become independent from the conservatives - i think that could have been a healthy development . 
  he did n't win though . 
  at one point in the campaign his doodled page of regrettable party names was leaked to much hilarity . 
  if it 's a custard cream , i 'm in . 
  oh good , i 've won you over . 
  [ the little details are very important , you know . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2778189.stm ), 
  i repeat , salmond has always been in favour of holding a referendum . 
  it was in his manifesto . 
  it 's hardly fair to slam fulfilling manifesto commitments as cynical . 
  conversely , cameron 's party has opposed a referendum since forever until it became inevitable . 
  and now what do we have ? 
  a monumental flip-flop , dressed up in words of concern for the confused and worried scots that cameron loves and cares for . 
  oh , and incidentally he wants to dictate the timing and question of the referendum . 
  [ * shakes head wearily * ] . 
   the scots are more about bashing the english [ ... ] than really wanting independence all i can do is try to assure you that this sweeping generalisation is not a fair one . 
  in the same way that the vast majority of english people do n't hate or resent the scots the same holds the other way round . 
  if i characterised the english as xenophobes that would make me an ignorant bigot and arsehole . 
  on the issue of independence - there is n't currently a majority in favour . 
  scots are generally wary of the idea . 
  i think the ` ryder cup and commonwealth games ' theory is more plausible . 
  the snp are actually aware that bannockburn stuff does n't even play that well up here . 
  people have more sense . 
  also , please note that while we 're talking about the kind of ` shit nationalists try to pull ' that this story is about cameron a british nation ... uh unionist politician descending with a plan to set the date of the referendum , in an attempt to improve the chances of an outcome that he wants * . 
  * of course , maybe this is all a cunning plan to help the snp by annoying the scots . 
  that fiend . 
  the snp mentioned the referendum in their manifesto . 
  they got an absolute majority of seats and hence a mandate . 
  the british nationalist parties previously opposed any attempt to hold a referendum . 
  and in this picture , the snp are the cynics ? 
  btw i would love to know who first invented this bannockburn nonsense . 
  apparently it 's now been repeated enough times to become super secret snp policy . 
  nice in theory , but the process of people obtaining citizenship is a longer term thing than holding a referendum , and it would be a tall order to combine them , imo . 
  well , soil in the sense that countries have a physical boundary , but blood - no , their policy as i understand it is that all residents can claim nationality if they choose . 
  no party is trying to completely separate england and scotland whatever that might mean . 
  sorry , i have the tendency to become rude in combative discussions . 
  thing is , `` ancestry '' is not relevant . 
  in fact as a chippy scot , it belittles my identity to claim that having a scottish granny entitles one to any sort of a say , 
  amazing the ideas that float around down there ... 
  good on you - go for it . 
   if the scottish government are n't capable of even defining who the citizens of their country are what hope is there ? 
  if by the scottish government you mean the snp ( since the scottish government 's competence does n't include defining the citizenship of a non-existent state ) , the snp does have a very liberal policy on citizenship . 
  this is a different issue from who gets a vote in any referendum . 
  you should google it . 
   sooner or later it will run out and then serious issues arise . 
  sooner or later it will run out , at which point england will declare independence you mean ? 
   seeking to disenfranchise everyone who 's moved south is insane you 'll need to explain why . 
   as if giving the vote to someone who 's been living in the country for a month . 
  this is what happens already . 
  understandably , the snp do not want to touch the idea of deciding `` who are the scottish people ? '', 
  ( your term ) with a barge pole . 
  their definition is `` all residents are citizens and hence get the vote '' . 
  personally , i reckon this is the liberal , civilised definition .
