  when london gets a referendum on independence , all those anglo-scots will get a referendum that they can vote in . 
  yep - seems fair enough that anyone on the electoral register in a scottish constituency would get a vote . 
  why you asking me ? 
   and i did n't say those who are resident in scotland should n't get to vote . 
  oh , so eligibility should be about ` being scottish ' apart from when it is n't . 
  very interesting indeed . 
  there is absolutely no injustice here - people who do n't live in scotland should n't get to vote in the referendum . 
  people who do live in scotland should get to vote . 
  again - by applying a ` scottish born only ' rule , more than half of my colleagues would n't get a vote despite making their home in scotland and despite the result directly affecting them . 
  whereas people brought up elsewhere who potentially have no ties of affinities with scotland get a vote due to where they were born ? 
  it is unworkable , absurd , and also happens to be unfair . 
   there 's a reason we allow ex-pats to vote in national elections . 
  if you 're somehow on the electoral register of a scottish constituency but do n't live here you 'll get a vote . 
  it 's called civic nationalism . 
  if i wanted to vote in the referendum and didnt even live in scotland , well then i 'd have to move back . 
   their referendum will likely be decided not by people who supposedly embrace this ` identity ' this is loopy - now you 're disenfranchising those who do n't subscribe to a particular identity . 
  some people who were born and brought up in scotland see themselves as entirely british - they get a vote also , otherwise the whole thing is a sham . 
  there is absolutely no reason why englandwalesnorthernireland could not hold a referendum on independence from scotland . 
  but there is no earthly reason that such a referendum would become required whenever one was held in scotland . 
  it 's just a angry harumph on your part . 
   ( does that mean they are english now because they got a job in london ? ), 
  it means they are english citizens , yes . 
  they get to vote for their mp also . 
  i do n't understand why this weird blood-and-soil concept of nationality always crops up when english people start discussing this ... 
   the other incredibly different aspect is actually deciding who is scottish in the first place . 
  do you have to have been born in scotland ? 
  what about children of scots moved south ? 
  what about children of children ? 
  what about non scot born who have been resident for years it is really very simple : electorate is decided by residence . 
  english ( and welsh , polish , german etc ) residents of scotland get a vote . 
  people who do n't live in scotland do not get a vote , regardless of where they popped out of their mums . 
  the alternative - disenfranchising residents according to their birthplace , and enfranchising non-residents along the same lines - is a horrible minefield . 
  i would certainly want my english-born neighbours and colleagues to get a vote . 
  i 've seen estimates that half the oil has been extracted ( although advancements in extraction technology and price rises both affect estimates of how much oil is left in a field ) . 
  the important news here is not that there will be a referendum . 
  that was a given after the snp won a majority of seats in the recent parliamentary elections . 
  the news here is that given the inevitability of a referendum with the mandate received by the snp , and after years of opposing one , the tories , presumably their coalition partners the lib dems ( and also labour - their new leader in scotland has now endorsed cameron 's position ) now want to force a referendum on their terms and at a time of their choosing . 
  pure cynicism and gall , but not entirely unexpected . 
  indeed . 
  i ca n't remember that but yes . 
  even if he 's not playing it for laughs . 
  to be honest , i found it excruciatingly slow and dated . 
  but then , the uk seems to have a different taste in comedy . 
  here , mr bean is considered the worst thing rowan atkinson has done . 
  agreed . 
  that flavour of scaremongering was getting dated . 
  there would be no crown-challenging going on in any plausible scenario . 
  union of the crowns occurred a while before political union . 
  the snp 's policy is to retain the monarch , and have a referendum on a becoming republic after independence . 
  i suspect in the event scotland might stick with liz , kind of like how ossies are loyal to their old ddr brands of tinned pickled gherkins * . 
  * i made up this example . 
  the world does n't care , but it does think you look kinda gangly . 
  i ca n't think of a single worthwhile reason to switch to kms on signs , that would justify the cost . 
  as far as i can tell , everything is pretty much metric , apart from drinks , road signs , how tall people are , and sometimes lengths , but only in a conversational context ( as opposed to engineering/building/that sort of thing ) . 
  that 's my twenty milligbp . 
  tire pressure . 
  i would love to know the results of a survey asking uk folk how many lbs there are in a stone . 
  all i know is , it 's even and between 12 and 16 inclusive . 
  this is a good argument for getting rid of the solar power subsidies . 
  bad europeans . 
  fyi , after a couple of days reading r/europe , and mep comments on the uk , i am now planning to join ukip and get a huge union jack tattoo on my arse . 
  c'mere and collect your hug . 
  no worries . 
  in fact , i do n't believe a saltire flag is proof of being pro-independence on reddit . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've posted this as a response to my comment , but thanks for the concern . 
  do you ever interact with the financial sector yourself ? 
  live in a country that borrows money ? 
  have a bank account ? 
  a mortgage ? 
  a pension scheme ? 
  work for a company that has borrowed money or obtained funds through investment ? 
  always pay in cash from stores you keep in your house rather than using a credit or debit card ? 
  fornicate off and stop wasting my time with your naive bullshit view of the world . 
  the finance sector provides only a measly million jobs ? 
  get rid of it . 
  to me this sounds too much like `` democracy does n't work , i prefer an unelected government to take over and make things right '' . 
  i ca n't quite feel okay about that , but there you go . 
  i ca n't envisage it ever happening here . 
  it must be your famed mediterranean climate ( i do n't know either ) . 
  * `` if they did , everyone would leave . 
  '' * fuck me , what confidence in the eu is exhibited here . 
  escapees must be punished , as an example to the other ~ ~ inmates ~ ~ members . 
  well , i would say that the euro crisis has led to unelected individuals being parachuted into country-leading roles in a way that , to me at least , is surprising and worrying . 
  perhaps i 'm worrying unduly . 
  yep . 
  ooh ... 
  i love surprises . 
  do n't keep me waiting too long , 
  i 'm talking about the role of uk pm . 
  if you 're trying to stun me into silence with a string of non sequiturs , it worked . 
  sophistry aside , not in the modern era , no . 
  have you heard of something called the world trade organization ? 
  sent from my ipad ( not made in europe ) . 
  it has no national minimum wage . 
  it does n't have an inheritance tax . 
  corporation tax is lower than in the us . 
  so it 's free market but with high tax take . 
  yes the plan is to stick with the # , a la some latin american countries and the $ i suppose . 
  better kick them out of the club !, 
  * i am surprised scottish nationalists have n't been more concerned about these developments .
