   and they are will to fight for it . 
  that does n't mean you should let them . 
  sure many are willing to fight , however i 'm not sending them all to die or return in several pieces for nothing . 
   i am all for giving them the weapons they need to stop the invader . 
  that 's highly irresponsible and not what a ` friend ' would do . 
   russia is taking this permanently . 
  then as much as one dislikes it , they 'll take it . 
  such is life . 
  but they do n't want this permanently , the donbass is but a bargaining chip . 
   are we really going to allow russia to make this a norm in its foreign policy . 
  annexation is not okay and the ukraine wants it back . 
  well we 're not fighting a full scale war over it , so if they really want it , yes . 
   give them the tech they need to fight . 
  they do n't stand a chance fighting . 
  when was the last time a jihadi murdered someone in the netherlands ? 
  you have a strange definition of daily , also quite a temper if that can set you of like a powder kegg . 
  the us does something that could worsen the conflict , which will postpone reconsideration of sanctions or ask for some extra attention . 
  the 30 years war was about much more than just religion . 
  regardless if you think you 're at the same standard of 17th century europe , that 's telling a lot . 
  if you have a shade constantly moving through your living room and hear a constant buzz absolutely . 
  and regarding horizon pollution , yes they 're worse than a highway or bus stop . 
  i think it 's pretty clear what ` calais ' means in this context , and it 's not just the jungle , it 's the roads and terminal as well . 
  i 'm afraid you should have red more of the reply . 
  then again you seem to be more concerned with insulting the person saying it then adressing the content at this point , which is going way beyond you . 
  some examples of 4th generation twin engined fighters ; * f18 , does not reach mach 2 under any circumstances , airframe can not withstand speeds beyond mach 1,8 at altitude . 
  * rafale , can not reach mach 2 , not even in bursts . 
  * eurofighter , same like the f16 , can just about reach mach 2 at altitude for a couple of minutes * f14 , f15 , can reach speeds slightly in excess of mach 2 at high altitude for short periods of time . 
  that was just a show of force , for training they do n't need an actual human target , at least not one with the technology of 30 years ago . 
  it was a joke . 
  but russia had 2 basis in syria , an airbase and a naval base . 
  so there was personnel prior to the war . 
  the amount of equipment they 've in syria currently is considerable . 
  dozens of fighters and helicopters , and some mechanized troops and artilery for defense of the base . 
  then there 's auxiliary ground personnel , logistics , maintenance , but also intelligence . 
  i 'm not surprised about that 4000 figure . 
  there was a garrison before the war as well . 
  some of them could be vacationers as well . 
  the world is n't dark , europe just is for the time being . 
  that 's why we need to work more with the world , and less with europe . 
   it 's extremely obvious to anyone who is versed in basics of how strategic bombers work that : nobody well versed in the basics of how strategic bombers work has responded . 
  there 's just you , and well , 6 hours ago you did n't know the first thing about an airplane . 
   overwhelming majority of operations is conducted at high altitude to conserve fuel . 
  you do n't even need to know about military in this regard - civil aviation uses exact same logic . 
  yet the concept of difference in speed at various altitudes was alien to you . 
  in other words you do n't understand the physics behind it . 
   all of the mainstream 4th generation twin engined fighters can sustain a  mach2 speed . 
  and yet none of them can . 
  some of them can only reach speeds in excess mach 2 in short bursts at high altitude , that is not a sustained speed . 
  some of them ca n't even reach mach 2 in the first place like the f18 . 
  the f-16 can fly mach 2 with maximum external fuel tanks for about 15 minutes before you run out of fuel . 
  that is not a sustained speed . 
   that is in fact considered one of the key requirement for aircraft to be considered a true 4th generation aircraft . 
  naturally this is not a requirement for a 4th generation aircraft . 
   it is also considered one of the worst failings of f-35 . 
  according to larry king no doubt . 
   we have vast amount of actual real life interceptions of tu-160 by modern western 4th generation air superiority aircraft . 
  none of them being actual interceptions , just shadowing one that happens to be strolling by . 
  we could , or we could grab a life raft , or drown all together . 
  constructing something useful for everyone is not in the cards unfortunately . 
  i would like the whole continent speaking chinese . 
   blah ... we have a lot of these people too . 
  actually it 's pretty anoying to have a moving shadow in your living room all day and hearing them constantly buzz when you 're enjoying a coffee in your garden . 
  i can understand their annoyance , they 're not a solution either , the whole landscape is riddled with them and they do n't even contribute 5 % to our production . 
  we 're behind on green energy , but our conventional energy is very clean . 
  ( 60 % is gas , and gas is the cleanest conventional source ) germany produces more ` green ' energy , but has more dirty conventional production . 
   how come ? 
  is electricity that cheap in the netherlands ? 
  how much do you pay per kwh ? 
  are there any government subsidies for renewable energy , e.g. 
  germany has been dumping energy in the netherlands because of their state subsidies , this has also made it more difficult and is the reason we 're still using coal . 
  prices per kw/h are about 23 eurocent , but half of that is taxes . 
  there are some subsidies from municipalities , mostly interest free loans to buy them . 
  but not everybody is very happy with having solar panels on all roofs , as these homes are delivering energy to the network at day and consuming at night , it 's making a mess of network management . 
   i dont think renewables contribute a lot to the total energy production , true , despite the landscape being riddled with them they make up about 3-4 % of our annual production . 
   personally i 'm a bigger fan of nuclear energy . 
  well the plan for borssele 2 did n't make it . 
  and wind turbines are pretty difficult to manage . 
  as long as we ca n't store energy , they 're just a detail . 
  lot of wind mills are often standing idle to avoid having to scale conventional plants down ( and reducing their efficiency ), 
  they 're comfortable because their borders with spain are open . 
  they 're effectively part of spain while not paying for all the utilities spain provides , even worse , they earn a buck by helping others to avoid paying for all the utilities in spain . 
  they wo n't be so comfortable when their borders become fences with guards , business is limited or subject to tarriffs , and crossing into spain requires a visa . 
  it 's worth noting that judges have taken consideration of the situation before lawmakers have . 
  recently there 's been a precedent of a large scale grower who tried to do everything the legal way ( including filing his turnover to the tax authorities and being registered at the chamber of commerce ) naturally he was caught since he was informing all sorts of authorities he was growing weed . 
  when faced in court , the judge did not give any follow-up punishment . 
  only thing was that all his stock/plants were confiscated , that was all . 
  that boat is taking on a lot of water , if we want to achieve something we 're on our own . 
   people like to smoke weed at home or with friends , we ca n't have that can we , they should be locked up . 
  how dare they smoke pot at home with friends , they know / u/carbonat38 does n't want them to , why do n't they listen ? 
   although that begs the question : how could change ever come to pass if everyone keeps looking to his/her neighbour for action ? 
  that 's a very accurate summary of the whole european political ordeal of the past + / - 10 years . 
   i 'd say let 's harmonise laws , harmonize laws on an eu level means banning everything . 
  the eu is a union of averages , everything originating from that place is always worse than what we have or can do on our own . 
   yeah and everyone near the border is buying from nl . 
  this just proved my point  whatever they do in the netherlands is none of your business . 
   what happens if nl decides to decriminalize or legalize all drugs . 
  the current change in law does not do much but the principle of undermining neighboring countries laws is the problem . 
  then we decriminalize or legalize all drugs . 
  enforcing german laws in germany is not our responsibility . 
  when they 're in the netherlands they have to abide by our rules/laws , when they 're in germany they have to abide by german laws .
