  nothing of it is under control , it 's chaos and completely beyond out control at this point . 
  unless you mean conforming to the situation to maintain for now a pretense of order , but being controlled by a situation is the exact opposit of having control . 
  merely pisa/mathematic scores seems frugal to reliably determine performance . 
  so a tldr , due to local conflict with violent/disrepectful youth of turkish background who harass , steal , vandalize and threaten police , local inhabitants , local property and government officials the municipality has a adopted an emergency measure banning people of gathering in some places . 
  the journalist violated the emergency measure ( in a situation where the authorities are in disstress ) and got arrested for doing so . 
  in front of turkey he spins it as if he 's arrested for supporting erdogan . 
  what a banana republic . 
  oh god , it 's zaandam again . 
  they just ca n't seem to get out of bad publicity these days . 
  good point , but as a graph showing ` best performing students ' it is flawed , as performance of students is n't measurable by the hours/days they attended . 
   at least there must be other factors at play . 
  well arguably the quality of the hours attended , the contents of the curriculum , quality of pre-education , upbringing or cultural effects . 
   so you agreee that the dublin system has fundamentally failed ? 
   the whole of schengen and the eu has fundamentally failed . 
   i geuss that depends how you look at it . 
  there certainly was never an invitation by the federal government issued , but there were statements you could have and that were interpreted as such . 
  the only thing that really matters is how they look at it ( they feel invited ) and the refusal of the german government to retract that . 
   these people with banners obviously were very shortsighted in their welcome , but it is also true that the whole situation would not have worked out without the cviil population helping . 
  nothing worked out . 
  it 's a chaos , a crisis , an existential threat . 
  the few from china do n't indeed . 
  although they also have segregating tendencies , but they 're not a bother to anyone . 
   greece , italy and hungary did register a fairly large amount of people just that the dublin deportations were not acted upon . 
  they did , but it 's unlikely they 'll accept them back . 
  especially from germany . 
   i also really would like to get rid of this invitation myth it 's not a myth , you can find all about it . 
  you invited them , you said there 's no limit to the amount of people that can come , you said you can handle it , and you even have public welcome committees . 
  even the migr . 
  themselves say they 've been invited . 
  greece does n't register them , italy does n't either . 
  even the few they do , they wo n't accept them back . 
  in fact accepting anyone back from germany would be a bad idea , if i invite friends over i also do n't redirict them to my neighbours because i do n't have enough beer in the fridge or whatever . 
   simply redirecting all migrants to germany is not a sustainable solution . 
  there are n't any sustainable solutions except borders and deportations . 
   sure merkel fucked up with her ` wir schaffen das ' rhetoric and open door policy , but that does n't mean the entirety of germany has to suffer for that . 
  it 's their government , rather have them carry the responsibilities than innocent people . 
  also they voted for merkel , and will vote for her again . 
  i do n't really feel bad about it , sometimes a government does what it does , in this case the government clearly has majority support in germany . 
  because it 's racist to have borders , it 's 2016 . 
  also the head of the executive arm that 's supposed to manage collective policy said borders are the worst invention of mankind . 
  they talk progress in brussels . 
  it 's okay if they go to germany , they invited them . 
  it 's more the other countries that got caught up in it against their desire that need a solution . 
  i do n't see the relation between greece and sending economic claimers to germany or other countries . 
  perhaps you could explain the connection more throroughly . 
  bring them in ourselves , in healthy demographic balances , and stop accepting asylum claims inside our own borders . 
  greece wo n't collapse from sending 450 to germany , and some others to belgium , france , luxemburg , hungary , austria , croatia , slovenia whatever they passed through . 
  do they also give vitamin d pills for free at every purchase ? 
  pretty confusing , but it 's what the article says indeed . 
  we do n't have the means to prevent said segregation . 
  we 're not living in the '70s and '80s anymore , the lowpaying/simple jobs locals supposedly did n't want to do are either automated , moved to asia , or have tons of other people competing for them now . 
  our society does not offer these people anything except a single ticket to the poor-class and a monthly benefit cheque and a social house which already has two dozen people for it on the waiting list . 
  those already here since the '70s / '80s will be their neighbours . 
  it 's not for lack of trying . 
  apart from that we 're kind ' a full anyway , 17,1 million people on a 150x200km piece of land is more than enough . 
  that 's over 500 citizens for every 1kmx1km strip of land . 
  i just wish for a political party/person that has the decency and integrity to say that out loud so that they can go find their luck elsewhere . 
  i do n't think that they 're going to get a lot of easy points on the subject of migration anymore . 
  there 's basically zero trust remaining in the government regarding the subject . 
  and last week zaandam is making it obviously clear what we 're looking at in our future . 
  the more that can be send the other way the merrier . 
  i do n't know if it 's government policy to chase that though . 
  hours not really either , best performing students should be measured by their actual performance . 
  ( like that pisa and other tests ) when we know that , the less hours/days they went to school the better . 
  ( because apparently these hours/days were more efficient ), 
  took a couple of hours , but [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52wkq1/wikileaks_released_tisa_agreement/d7obb9g ) you go , a portion of extreme right version as ordered . 
  when i was younger one day i travelled with the bus to school for 2 euro , the other day i travelled with the bus to school for 6,40 euro . 
  privatization was good they said . 
  the amount of school days does n't seem like a way to measure best performing students . 
  misleading title , they hoped to return 900 to germany , germany accepted 450 will be returned . 
  well thanks . 
  i usually do n't focus on the up - and downvotes much . 
  i wo n't give up because of them . 
  it sounds german though . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from a descendant of the nazi 's . 
  orban should be put bottom up over merkels knees for his attempts to follow the rules and protect europe , then it 'll be fine again . 
  there 's not really a clear difference anymore . 
  the hague calls them frigates , or more specifcally ` airdefense and command frigates ' . 
  the m-frigates we 've are average sized frigates . 
  i 've seen them beside an lc-frigate and only then you start to see the massive difference . 
  [ this is one of those ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/binaries/large/content/gallery/defensie/content-afbeeldingen/onderwerpen/materieel/schepen/m-fregatten/d141019zs1237.jpg ) . 
  we use to have a lot of these , but most are sold . 
  they 're now the backbone of the portuguese , greek , chilean and belgian navy . 
  we would still have canada , are you guys up for that role ? 
  there 's political will to dominate it with everything else , i doubt they 'll let this opportunity go to do it militarily as well . 
  ` there 's no alternative ' after all to berlins decisions . 
   it is surprising you keep your king though , even more so if he was imposed by a foreign force ( iit took us several try to get ride of our monarchies ) . 
  you must have liked him . 
   it 's not the same king , but after independence they decided to remain a monarchy . 
  from 1584 to 1795 we were a republic . 
  the zevenprovincien class frigates are actually destroyers according to international definition . 
  they 've a displacement of around 6600 ton , only a bit smaller than the arleigh burk class , do n't be mistaken , [ these are large ] ( http://noventas.mobi/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/12622570_1109227915763579_3618553104754411848_o.jpg ) ships at 144m long . 
  ( the arleigh burk are 150m ), 
  the zevenprovincien class frigates are actually destroyers according to international definition . 
  they 've a displacement of around 6600 ton , only a bit smaller than the arleigh burk class , do n't be mistaken , [ these are large ] ( http://noventas.mobi/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/12622570_1109227915763579_3618553104754411848_o.jpg ) ships at 144m long . 
  ( the arleigh burk are 150m ), 
  we have seen that the eu uses all its hard means to toss its members around until they conform . 
  financial blackmail , public humiliation , threats of expulsion , legal cases , fines . 
  add an army to their weapons arsenal , and we 're entering a whole new period of violence and instability . 
  if we 're lucky there will be no ` future eu military ' .
