   except that is n't how it works in the uk that remains to be seen . 
  there 's been a referendum , the government has n't acted on it . 
  time will tell if they will . 
   the notion that the uk would simply shoot itself in the foot for expediency is quite odd triggering the article is n't shooting yourself in the foot , it 's starting the negotiations of how to continue daily life after the exit . 
  apparently it was n't time that was the limiting factor . 
  if you have difficulties expressing yourself , you could , instead of claiming a lack of time being the reason you 're not able to express yourself in a civilized or educated if you will manner , just choose not to reply . 
  neither of us has gained much from this exchange of words , you seemed to have worked yourself all up inside due to not being able to materialize your discomfort into words , and i 'm faced with a long text that is n't particularly worth reading . 
   frequently lacking access to fresh produce , poor children are often insufficiently nourished and at risk for illnesses . 
  the study also found that children from poor homes are often socially isolated . 
  their families can not afford school excursions , sports activities or music lessons . 
  poor children often do not have their own bedrooms and , consequently , no place to retreat or do their homework . 
  we must be reading different articles . 
  music lessons , swimming lessons and that sort of thing are in fact essential to proper development of the child and exploration and aspiration into its place in society . 
  it does n't need all of these , scarcity is a necessary balance of life , but at least access to one or two of it . 
  we do n't live in nigeria , so we do n't compare to children in nigeria . 
  not in the least because their whole society is build up differently . 
  poverty in a developed service economy can be worse than poverty in a developing industrial economy . 
  the last one has the freedom and potential to change something for yourself , the first one does n't . 
  if you fade into social exclusion , you 'll end up in a worse situation . 
  we do n't measure poverty in europe in terms of starving . 
  it 's all relative . 
  a country like germany having 2 million children unable to have decent access to primary needs in life should be deeply ashamed of itself . 
  getting trade negotiators in place is a matter of weeks , not months . 
  you 've a ton of human resources in that department , practically your whole economy floats on it . 
   in the eu , these companies are often partially owned by one or more eu states ; none of them are owned by 28 states . 
  even that is n't of any comfort . 
  regardless of a company being owned by several countries , all of them will demand production be done inside their borders . 
  it drives up the cost massively , aside from all governments having different demands/requirements in the design phase . 
   by the way , if you are only interested in buying an existing product we have agreements with the us that we produce things as well , it 's easy for us to smoothen that out with them , much easier so than doing that with a dozen europeans . 
  but indeed when buying existing simpler products like an ifv european manufacturers are okay too . 
  or design/build one with just one european country . 
  ( lot of our land equipment is produced together with germany ), 
   no , it really is n't ... 
  the uk government decided that it would not plan for an exit in the run up to the referendum , that in itself says enough . 
  the other side of the coin is the procedure ( article 5 ) does n't require to be planned ahead , in fact the procedure itself * is * the preparation , i 'll put it even more frank , ` planning ' is n't even allowed . 
   the uk is leaving the eu , there is no-one credible or indeed in government in the uk saying otherwise ... 
  they would n't say it . 
  it would go just like the dutch referendum . 
  they 'll stop talking about it and have time wither away the sharp edges . 
  there is , especially in northern countries . 
  it 's controlled by governments . 
  land/estate owners are usually old money families with a lot of local influence . 
  and in the lower segment the market is often nearly completely controlled by ` social ' corporations . 
  provided they 're actually going to leave . 
  which is becoming increasingly unlikely as time passes . 
  from the standpoint of the british elite caste it is better to pull the curtain of the eu itself on their way out then leave prematurely as well . 
  they may not like being inside the eu , they 'll probably not like sitting at opposite tables as well . 
  and if it does n't succeed , it 's unlikely the british elite will accept an exit . 
  they 'll stage a situation to avoid it if need be . 
  have theresa may resign , or create a scandal , for example and let elections deal with it as parliament would be filled with pro-eu parties/members again . 
  does france have 66 million muslims ? 
  i thought it was a lot less . 
  apartments are n't build so that existing apartments increase/maintain a high value , so that the owners can milk the renters . 
  it 's an issue that 's seen not just in germany . 
  this is not a separate problem , this is a symptom of a decadent and regressing society and a massive driver of poverty . 
  not even in the slightest . 
  a roof is considered a primary need in modern life . 
  children wearing the same cloths for 3 years is pretty poor . 
  you realize children grow right ? 
  and play . 
  not only do they wear out cloths fast , cloths become too small quickly too . 
  some parents will even buy cloths that are too large just so that they last longer . 
  children like that stand out , and at that age their fellow peers are n't discussing equality , affirmative action and misogeny at lunch time , they 'll be discussing how poor and pathetic he/she is . 
  a wealthy country is one where parents can afford to have children run around with a new ipad and be distributing vespa 's at 16 . 
  a country where parents ca n't even afford decent cloths , food and day time activities is a poor country , apparently germany is one of those for a considerable amount of children . 
  you ca n't properly raise 2 children with a family income of $ 2100 . 
  the children will have a severe disadvantage compared to their peers , they 'll miss hobbies , ventures and gatherings the other children have . 
  their odds of social exclusion is considerable , and that is very worrying . 
  yes they are , but there 's only 1 america , and 28 eu'ians . 
  keeps things simple . 
  so a lot of hot air , but no content . 
  supposedly due to lack of time . 
  i 'm guessing there 's more lacking with you though . 
  because all european countries are very selfish and only care about themselves . 
  it 's irrelevant what i think , the uk is legally not allowed to negotiate a free trade deal as per the treaties it signed under international law . 
  i 'm sorry you 're so easily offended/hurt , this is not a suitable subject to be discussing with you . 
  good luck , if you all fight for who can produce the rifle and where , we 'll invite a canadian and american delegation instead . 
  poland is a very small actor , about as important as belgium . 
  if you do n't have time , spare us your incoherent rambling . 
  europeans are selfish , and defense industry procurement programs always ends up in a free for all who can squeeze the most of out it . 
   to make a switch to european standard issue rifle easier . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  who cares about poland , what 's surprising is that italy is excluded . 
  poland is irrelevant , while italy is a vital link in modern international security and threats to western europe . 
  there 's been a dutch-british mixed amphibious taskforce since the 1970s . 
  it 's nothing new , just with a different country now . 
  cooperation is needed , integration very limited . 
  ( we use more american equipment , and can trust americans more , and do n't like european defense industry ) so that remains something personal for states . 
   i 'm not that pessimistic , at all . 
  either they integrate , or will be expelled one way or the other , in time . 
  the political pressure is too high for it already , and even ` brussel elites ' value their own survival above virtue signalling . 
  all it takes is to simply be realistic . 
  nobody will be expelled , they wo n't integrate , the brussels elites are immune as there 's no democracy that can threaten them . 
   in any case , it was a mistake , yes , but one perpetuated by member states not agreeing on common policies early on ( like a border guard when schengen was established ) and the subsequent disregard of eu policy ( dublin ii ) . 
  you ca n't agree on a common policy while one member wants no borders , and another wants borders . 
  schengen was just a bad idea . 
  the uk isn ; t allowed to negotiate trade deals until it leaves the eu . 
  they 're involved in an illegal procedure with australia , it 's only natural people say something about that , and eventually give repercussions . 
  it does n't really matter where it 's going , if anywhere at all , damage is done and irreversible . 
  no , to decisions made by a single member pulling the all the others in a catastrophe .
