  slochteren still has over 50 % of its original capacity ( proven , it could even be more ) . 
  it 's still the largest gas reserve in the eu . 
   how much energy do we produce with gas ? 
  55 % of the dutch electricity is produced with gas , against 25 % with coals . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/-/media/imported/documents/2015/05/2015-elektriciteit-in-nederland.pdf ) and that 's 2012 ( page 23 ) , coal has likely dropped since then . 
   energy is produced by coal , nuclear , solar and wind in the netherlands jea , you 're absolutely not working in the energy sector . 
  solar and wind account for like 3 % of our energy production * combined * . 
  so that we can import brown coal energy from germany . 
  truly a green policy choice . 
  i do n't care about the russian stories , neither anyone else 's , i want to know the truth . 
  that 's a matter of perception . 
  i would say it is . 
  of course , but you would have to impose tarriffs on german energy which would be impossible . 
  these coal plants could easily be replaced with gas plants , these are much cleaner , but they 're too expensive due to german dumping . 
  it was n't meant to be correct sherlock . 
   well i do n't know , how much more expensive is buying energy very cheap , since germany is on a dumping tour . 
   i work in the energy sector and i can tell you , most of our energy ( ~ 70 % to 80 % ) comes from coal . 
  you obviously do n't work in the energy sector . 
  i do n't know wether you red this in the donald duck or something , but gas is the largest energy source in the netherlands . 
  well you 're no nick clegg are n't you , [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/1vzmmh1geau?t=2m47s ) is dutch , that previous reply was german . 
  the russians were saying there was an su-25 in the vicinity . 
  you should really read up on the basics of the situation , i have provided a lot in the previous reply , but i 'm not going to chew everything for you . 
  true , but for all we know they might add a catobar later . 
  also i believe it was the intention that france and the uk would share one aircraft carrier ( as they build two , but can only reasonably operate one ) , i think that since that idea was buried the british just striped all french demands on the carriers off the list . 
  a ` strong eu army ' has no bearing in reality . 
  that 's not what happened at all . 
  the uk , spain and italy used harriers for their fleet arm , and europe dd n't want a cheap fighter aircraft , it wanted a dedicated interceptor . 
  most already had strike aircraft with the panavia tornado ( italy , uk , germany ) or f-18 ( spain ) they had no use for multipurpose . 
  that 's why they proposed building two versions . 
  what really ended france 's participation is their demands to manufacture and design pretty much everything in france . 
  by the way , spain , italy and the uk ( all participants of the eurofighter project ) all had/have an aircraft carrier . 
  the only countries that do not have a naval fleet arm are germany ( because they are n't allowed to due to war restrictions ) and austria ( seems obvious ) . 
  there was no disagreement there , the others were willing to produce a special naval version . 
  however the others did not accept france to take control of the whole project , which is practically what they demanded . 
  welcome to european defense cooperation , lockheed martin must be very happy with paris . 
   are starving because of the lack of contracts , which is caused by the lack of domestic orders due to constant reductions and cuts since the cold war , which would be further exacerbated by ` merging ' the armies , exposing them to further cuts and reductions . 
  the uk has a larger defense budget than france , also has a lot of cooperation with the us , they 'll do just fine . 
  also ; all of these states only want to have the benefits for themselves , it 's more likely to turn into political deadlock than anything succesful , which has the side effect that nobody in europe outside your france-germany-italy club wants to work with you , same with the eurofighter . 
  yes , but for the same reason sceptics oppose it . 
  it would be another continental catastrophe that we can add to the list of perpetual crises . 
  unless they think they 'll be able to contain france , and make the french more isolationist . 
  otherwise you 're spot on , current german and french foreign policy , public opinion , and military doctrine are irreconcilable . 
  also how would germans react to spending 15 billion euro extra on defense each year ? 
  even the budgets are irreconcilable . 
   the new british carriers will not be able to operate french or british planes . 
  of course they will , the uk is going to buy f-35b 's for that . 
  the british harriers are retired for that matter , and the eurofighters are n't intended to be used on fleet carriers . 
  yet they are part of the union for some years to come . 
  actually it did , the su-27 were likely there as an escort for the su-25 , they on its turn used mh17 as shield . 
  this also explains why mh17 was ordered to fly 2000ft lower by the ukrainian authorities . 
   because that 's the only group of people in germany that thinks anyone with a german citizenship but migrant background is no german . 
   i see you think you 're speaking for all germans now , if you do n't mind , i 'll take your word for what it is , * your * word . 
  they 're all turks though , let 's not get into semantics . 
  there are multiple reports of it , from before mh17 was shot down as well most importantly . 
  there were ` dog-fights ' above ukraine with russian mig-29 's prior to mh17 , a russian mig-29 had downed a ukrainian su-25 days before mh17 , and there were buks being used in the donbass prior to mh17 as well . 
  one buk system shot down a ukrainian transport aircraft from 6,7 km a couple of days before mh17 was shot . 
  it was completely irresponsible to allow civilian airtraffic in a region were interceptors were downing aircraft and high altitude sam systems were used to shoot at objects flying at high altitude . 
  unfortunately we 'll never know the truth exactly , as all sides are spewing out misinformation . 
  issue number one being that ukraine refuses to share mechanical active radar data , because supposedly all active radars above ukraine were inactive during mh17 due to maintenance . 
  obviously we do n't trust the radar imagery provided by russia , so basically we 've no radar imagery of the ukrainian airspace at the time . 
  but multiple planes are considered to have been close to mh17 , notably the su-25 , perhaps more importantly the su-27 's who were escorting mh17 . 
  now i do n't buy into the story that russia gave these systems , which are the most regulated weaponsystems on the planet after nukes exactly for this reason , to some ragtag militia . 
  no i think these were armed by regular servicemen , who may have shot the plane down because they were tired of being inable to shoot at their targets , or because they believed mh17 , being escorted by a couple su-27 's , was a high value target . 
  either way the story is n't as black and white as it often is protrayed. , and unfortunately the dutch investigation has turned into a cover-up . 
  i do n't know who does , neither do i know what the opinion of some ` right-wing fuckers ' has to do with this conversation . 
  can you speak normally ? 
  or does everything that comes out of your mouth has to do with hitler , breivik or right-wing ? 
  because that sure does n't appear to be a healthy obsession . 
   which makes him a german . 
   to you it does , to others it does n't . 
  it generally takes a bit more than a passport to be considered an ethnicity . 
  he also had an iranian passport , so ` german-iranian ' would be most accurate if a citizenship is your definition of an ethnicity . 
  no , turks living in the netherlands . 
  france is not a liberal country . 
  there 's way too much restrictions on personal freedom , ease of doing business and a way too large government and ( semi ) public market . 
  i see a lot of level headedness and sticking to known facts ` under different circumstances ' . 
  as always , the other way around there are people like this particular person as well . 
  many municipalities still allow it , as it should be . 
  the municipality where the judged ruled against it also still allows it , only you need to state that you always wear it . 
  in this particular case it was ruled to have a commercial motive . 
  could be , but the majority of turks are akp-voters , so either would do for me . 
  yes . 
  turkey distributed lists of ` gulinists ' in the netherlands . 
  turks started taking their children from supposed g\u00fclenists schools here , refuse to do business with g\u00fclenist companies , and g\u00fclenist families are shun . 
  france always had these kind of things better arranged than the rest . 
  your challenge is to keep it that way though , ours to acquire it . 
  the guy was an iranian with german citizenship , and supposedly targeted turkish and arab looking people because he was bullied by turks and arabs when we he was young . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/europe/germany-munich-shooting/ ), 
  possible , we brought all the conflicts from the m-e over to europe , including shia-sunni , turks-kurds , gulenists-turks etc. 
  i do n't think you can count past one in the first place . 
  because religion . 
  they are allowed to wear collanders in austria and the netherlands . 
  because ukraine used commercial airliners as cover for their fighter jets , because of this they also refused to close their airspace eventhough it was irresponsible . 
  you 're hallucinating frog , there was no harrassing . 
   i think it 's a dick move to fly without transponder . 
  that 's odd indeed . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  they often fly without transponder that much is clear , i think it would make journalism if somebody dove into that a bit deeper for once . 
  i understand intelligence planes fly without transponder , and there are rules regarding it ( it 's allowed provided it does not endanger civilian traffic ) , but i do n't see in this case why a bomber would fly without . 
  the article was n't very clear about the transponder either , was it shut down before it crossed paths , or was it never on during flight ?
