  they compensate our flaws , without bringing new flaws an autonomous car would have . 
  they do ? 
  i like the uk , do n't resent them at all , i 'm glad they 're saying and doing what many other europeans think . 
  why would any german want to leave , you finally have your reich . 
  it 's the others that should worry . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  absolutely , the other two are plagued by their upward nose , it really breaks the curves . 
  and what if a sensor is broken and giving false information ? 
  unlike humans , computers do not have creativity and can not make decisions . 
  they only do what they 're told , as such , for the time being until/if and when ai becomes a thing , a human is much more capable . 
  but instead we 'll have deaths due to software mistakes , corrupted hardware , malfunction , and unforseen situations . 
  stop ruining the fun , a bankrun is good entertainment . 
  it 's not merely internal , and it 's not only erdogan either . 
  greece does n't even have a 12 mile zone like normal countries because of this conflict . 
  these will hardly be useful against a russian invasion . 
  are n't they cute ? 
  if you put them next to a nimitz class they look like patrol boats . 
  they can , and that should then be extracted for it to function properly ( and durably ) . 
  i did n't know it was a sensitive matter . 
  just pointing out he was spanish speaking . 
  i 'll take it into account . 
  have n't these border disputes led to near-open conflict before ? 
  with his personality cult he may feel forced to act to not lose face . 
  yet we do n't hear tsipras demanding constantinople to be given to greece . 
  agreed , but turkey has been messing with greece for a long time , so he may not do something ` new ' , turkey should quit doing what it has been doing as well . 
  it is beneficial for both sides to accept a border and respect it . 
  and after saarbr\u00fccken there 's a new border a ` stone throw ' away . 
  i never understood this , as if a country as large as turkey has nothing better to do than run around like an elephant in a porcelain cabinet over a few acres of land , and administrative sea/air . 
  there should n't be air in it . 
  it 's a closed system , and air is compressable . 
  there 's no eu constitution , so how would you propose rewriting something that does n't exist ? 
  are you french ? 
  everybody who has should empty it as quickly as possible before you lose your money . 
  ( grabs popcorn ), 
  turkey needs to stay on its own turf and stop trying to steal islands and sea and airspace all the time . 
  the water from the bathroom could be coming from a separate boiler though . 
  ( i 'm assuming you mean the ` the water from the bathroom is working ' means you 're getting hot water there ), 
  i 'm assuming you mean the radiator is n't heating up ? 
  because it would take a while for the room itself to heat up . 
  if so that 's odd . 
  if it does n't , there must be a cut-off valve somewhere . 
  ( but this thermostate knob is kind of in the place of a cut-of valve ), 
  if only you used yours , then we would n't be having this petty squabble . 
  do n't mind the two clips , you can move these to determine the range you can use . 
  the higher the number the hotter it gets . 
  some of the numbers ( 1-5 ) have a symbol , that symbol is explained at that little chart . 
  20 degrees celcius ( which is a normal livingroom temperature , and probably number 3 ) would be your go to , and is designated with that star-symbol . 
  any next number is apparently 4 degrees difference ( so 2 is 16 , 4 is 24 ) the frost symbol is frost protection ( makes sure your plumbing does n't freeze up , so ruptures ) that moon-symbol is for nighttime . 
  or use your eyes and read . 
  and that 's all you need in life ? 
  not speaking the local language will be a significant handicap in your daily life . 
  it will reduce your employment opportunities as well . 
  argentina is spanish speaking . 
  i was obviously refering to the language . 
   sure , inferior forces win sometimes , for a given definition of `` win . '', 
  inferior seems like a vague term . 
  a force can be superior on certain fronts . 
  for example motivation . 
  we have seen these massive arab armies that roll over instantly , for a bunch of ragtag nomads even recently . 
  but also knowledge of the surroundings , effective command , strategies , pragmatic aproach etc. 
  for example the netherlands beat france , the uk and parts of germany all at once in 1672 despite being outnumbered . 
  the british navy with their far larger war vessels was drawn on a sand plate , disguised merchant vessels shot at rudders and sails before the state fleet finished them of , the french forces were held of long enough for the lands to be flooded and had to withdraw . 
  that 's making good use of the advantages you have . 
   but this is n't a linear system we 're talking about . 
  which is kind of my point , there 's no linear relation between troop/gun numbers and victory . 
   at some point , smaller force will be swamped , no matter how good it is . 
  i did not want to dispute that . 
  i do n't know , it could prove useful . 
  ( for example in public transit and cargo traffic ) i wo n't have it privately though , not only do i drive safer myself judging by recent news , i do n't mind driving and actually like to do it . 
  i do n't see much gain either , the room in a car is n't very suitable for productive work or lounging , so never mind that , i 'll take the wheel of my car . 
  one down , multiple dozens to go . 
  he may criticize it all he wants , as long as he adheres to it . 
  unfortunately he does n't quite do that . 
  he 's just another putin , luckily with a lot less reach . 
  you being spanish will give you an edge moving to spain . 
  job market is a bit rough at the moment , but learning a language is rough as well . 
  the us recovered from the lehman collapse rather quickly again . 
  europe on the other hand , which pumped 100s of billions of euro 's into its corrupted financial system , never recovered from the 2008 crisis . 
   if technology levels are entirely lopsided and/or there are other significant advantages . 
   defense in itself is a significant advantage . 
  an attacking force will need strong numerical advantage if they 're technologically more or less matched . 
  then there 's different types of warfare , there can be victory in endurance as well . 
  any situation is different . 
  but we know that smaller forces with lesser equipment have defeated stronger forces with bigger/stronger equipment before . 
  even all the way back to roman legions , where arguably numbers mattered far more than they do today . 
   i would n't be surprised if they actually included bailouts in their risk modelling . 
  if they have n't already , they will . 
  the financial market needs to become a free market like the rest , competitive , innovative , and away from the state tits . 
  they can simply spend community funds on things they are meant to be spend on , not on banks/crooks . 
  ` test support ' . 
  likely for testing/training/comparing to the f-35 . 
   which means selling . 
  bank a goes under and owes money to entity b. 
  entity b wants money , not debt certificates . 
  so the liquidator will sell debt certificates to bank c and then pay out entity b. 
   debt certificates are actually tradable debts , many debts are n't tradable . 
   in hungary you will get back 300,000 $ after 5 years . 
  but with 0 % interest , so the hungarian government would make profit over it . 
  lucky for them that you ca n't sell these positive assets since they 're part of the inventory and will be striped of against the liabilities of the bank . 
  after which nothing positive will remain , banks are a collection of hot air .
