  much of our raw materials ( aluminum , metal , steel , wood etc. ), 
  come from russia , and the eems in groningen has a large steel industry , and we 've the largest gas reserves in the eu . 
  would that count as coals in the modern day ? 
  1940 was succesful enough to have the germans lose against britain because of the dutch . 
  we shot down more german airplanes than the french in their entire struggle . 
  also indonesia in 1946/1947 was a military victory , and we 've had countless military triumphs . 
  just like any country we 've lost as well , but we exist to this day , which is testament of our perseverance . 
  the country can be defended well enough , thank you very much . 
  we control the waters , and we can put together nuclear weapons in an instant . 
  i 've more in common with an american than i do with a french person , and then we have n't even touched the widely different cultures from the east or further south . 
  there 's no shared culture in europe . 
  you could make a case for the netherlands and flanders , but even then you would have tons of flemish up in arms . 
  just shows how difficult this subject is , and how little you understand of it . 
  if we had a ` brexit ' referendum i would vote out . 
  just calm down though , no reason to get angry over an opposing political opinion . 
  so there 's no benefit of an eu army , in fact it would increase costs and decrease capabilities even more . 
  it 's still there in the netherlands , not the rest of europe of course . 
  in fact it will be an important part of the upcoming parliamentary elections in march 2017 . 
  media did n't hesitate to call our pm back on his ` bottom stone up ' speech . 
  for now though much of the discontent is aimed at our own government . 
  russians themselves are n't feeling very safe anymore , putins daughter was evacuated from her home in the hague following the attack . 
  i think she lives in russia now . 
  exactly , so nobody should expect any aid from ` the eu ' . 
   i do n't agree with you but get your position . 
   well , thanks . 
  it 's nice to see an open minded response . 
   what do you think about the joint dutch-german panzer brigades i disagree with them . 
  but it should be added that unlike what many people say on here , this joint brigade is because the military really wanted to have mbt 's , and they were all cut away from the budget and sold to finland . 
  this is n't an ` eu army it 's coming now ! ', 
  moment , this is a typical dutch situation of ` we do n't want to spend more , but they want tanks , right , we 'll make it cheaper by stationing them together with germany ' . 
  should be added though that the dutch division is under the command of the netherlands , it can be brought anywhere we want to whenever we need to . 
  dutch military doctrine does n't allow foreign sovereignty over its assets since srebrenica . 
  even nato is n't allowed that anymore . 
  ( they caused it , but that 's a different discussion )  or benelux-forces i agree with those , we have much more in common with belgium , and we 're nearly of the same size . 
  equal partners is the key to succes in european cooperation . 
  integration with belgium and luxemburg is a good thing . 
   or eu battlegroups the idea can be useful when deploying combined forces on a peacekeeping mission . 
  though its rate more than 5 countries agree on anything in europe , so intra-eu member battlegroups might be a better idea . 
  otherwise they 're pretty useless , and also unnecessary . 
  we 've nato . 
   or also joint german-polish forces ? 
  i have no issue with that . 
  poles want a credible defense , which is understandible , if they can acquire that by cooperating with germany they should . 
   would you feel better if all other eu countries formed an eu army , expect for the netherlands ? 
  i would be okay with that . 
  provided all countries were given that choice as well . 
   as if the eu was a manacing foreign power , yes . 
  or did you forget about greece , the uk , poland , hungary and probably some others ? 
   that belongs to all of the eu at once . 
  jea right , we all know who it would belong to . 
  and i 'm in no mood of having 1940 situations in my lifetime . 
   what use has a national army other than to defend yourself from the other parts of this union ? 
  providing independence , a foreign policy , protection of overseas territories and international trade . 
  no it would n't . 
  just look at mh17 . 
  europe was silent as the grave as european citizens where missiled out of the air hoping to go on a holiday . 
  we had nothing from europe , the us , australia , malaysia and ukraine were our only partners . 
  even when russia had orchestrated an attempted assisination on the dutch minister of foreign affairs , defense and high ranking military officials europe did n't give a squeem . 
  and i 'm guessing you 're one of those who is in favour ? 
  thanks for providing an excellent example of why i 'm so against . 
  nothing , as nothing should stop them . 
  it 's called self determination , and an internationally acquired right . 
   although this is semantic , it would n't be your governement who would have the last word inside your borders . 
  it would . 
   it 'll always be the stronger player , let them try . 
   should he want to ( and that stronger player may be your government ) . 
  should russia/the us/china decides to invade you , there is nothing your government would be able to do . 
  the us is our most important ally , they would never invade us . 
  china and russia ca n't invade us . 
  besides we 've everything to construct nuclear weapons ( in fact pakistan has nuclear weapons thanks to the netherlands ) , so if times dictate we can change our doctrine all the same . 
  just as serious as with mh17 right ? 
  i remember very well what european security solidarity looks like , a silent room with everybody hiding beneath the table . 
  we 've a joined armoured brigade and all of the sudden we do n't have an army anymore ? 
  it 's not exactly the first time , the netherlands has had an amphibious brigade with the british since the 1970 's , and they never snapped and called for an international army . 
  i 'm pretty sure the french and dutch cooperate just fine . 
  have n't heard about the dutch apache 's and chinooks crushing french soldiers in mali or vice versa . 
  i 've heard about french military betrayal barely 20 years ago , that killed a dutch soldier and a whole lot more innocent people . 
  we should keep it at cooperation between us , nothing more . 
  actually it is , a brigade is a couple of thousand soldiers . 
  finland would probably put up a fortress around helsinki same way the netherlands did around holland in 1940 . 
  you never defend everhrhing , only what you efficiently can and must . 
  besides northern finlands best defense is its sheer size and emptiness . 
  they wo n't be doing anything there except using roads , rails and airports . 
  you do n't need to defend those , you can destroy them in advance and sabotage them without putting important assets on the line . 
  russia is n't nearly as dangerous or bad as people put it on / r/europe , it is however a possible future threat , and that is something a country 's defense prepares for well ahead . 
  true , if we satisfy the federalists with this i would say go for it , hire a few unemployed , there 's no shortage of that in europe , and give them some instruments , drinks and language courses . 
  so we would need another army for non-defensive deployments . 
  there fo all tour benefits of a common army . 
  you can have common procurement without a common army . 
  you seem to fundamentally misunderstand my comment . 
  having no army is preferable over being militarily occupied by the eu . 
  i 'm not advocating for having no army , i 'm advocating for having our own army . 
  we should n't do without an army , but we should n't do with a foreign army either . 
  the only army calling the shots here should be our own . 
  i do n't see how that 's different from the other foreign army . 
  either case the only army that should be controlling our lands is our own . 
  with 0 armed forces you get no duplication , and its preferable over a european army . 
  marvelous !, 
  and have courses on how to pot flowers to create a brotherly bond , music lessons to play different cultural music , and wine - and beer tasting nights !, 
  we 'll call it the european day-care for losers .
