  only 6 have so far shown interest . 
  leave the benelux out please , perhaps luxemburg or belgium is interested . 
  that list is incorrect , the netherlands did not participate in the operation . 
  it 's a misunderstanding , because during an evacatuation of dutch citizens a navy helicopter was lost . 
  the article on here only mentioned these 6 countries . 
  belgium , luxemburg , romania and bulgaria have so far not shown interest . 
  instead of belgium giving its armed forces to germany and france might as well just absolve it , then you do n't have to pay anything and it has the same effect . 
   however , even the choice of negotiators the european parliament and commission are still thinking they 'll play any significant part . 
  they can pick any negotiator they want , they wo n't be doing the real work anyway , that will be the council . 
  americans are far more innovative than germans , i applaud them for it . 
  lucky you . 
  yesterday i literally killed 18 in my bedroom , while i have insect screens in front of all windows and doors . 
  but i changed policy , the spiders that came to my aid were left in the strategic places . 
  here 's hoping for a good cold winter for once . 
  but it really depends on where you are , so it 's entirely possible you 're lucky . 
  a garden is about as much cover as they can get in the country . 
  i should add the garden is about 50m by 50m though . 
  whatever is n't filled with buildings is flat short mown agricultural fields . 
  the couple of 100 yards of aritificial bushes/parcs here and there are n't large enough for a fox for example , they need to cross highways every now and then . 
  they mostly do it at night though ( i saw it night as well ) that wolve sighted in the netherlands was just strolling through towns as well . 
  when you have over 500 citizens for every 1kmx1km of land there 's not much room to go by for animals larger than a hedgehog . 
  ( and even these are considered near extinction and are a protected species ), 
  they can deploy , they just ca n't deploy on their own or in full spectrum engagements . 
  also they constantly rely on the us because france does n't have a strategic airlift , and on the netherlands and denmark for in flight refueling aircraft for their helicopters ( they do n't have that either ), 
  they usually do but not nearly enough . 
  we 're really talking about whole fields that were crawling of them . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://nos.nl/data/image/2014/11/14/22934/xxl.jpg ) a picture . 
   at no time in history has so much market expansion with such a limited workforce , there was n't that much market expansion . 
  there was room to grow after ww2 left us in ruines . 
  market expansion though started to halt after the '60s . 
   this is not the eus fault , or globalization . 
  it is completely the eu 's and globalizations fault . 
  when the markets stopped to expand , they started moving the whole world to here . 
  with no more money to go around , and more and more people coming for the cake things went downhill fast . 
  now we 're even paying for foreigners that do n't live here as well through the eu . 
   again , the eu leaders have been unanimous in their demands for a `` tough but fair '' brexit . 
  surveys also show that their voters want a tough deal for the uk . 
   there have been no such thing . 
   it does n't . 
  comparing the economies and exports , it would hurt the uk 5-10 times more . 
  perhaps the eu , it would hurt us or ireland or sweden just as bad . 
  which is why there 's no unanimity . 
  i think so , though 9 might be a bit hard to assemble . 
  italy , france , germany , czech republic , hungary and slovakia would make 6 . 
  anyway , an eu army is a pipedream . 
  there 's so much that would need to be changed before you can even have an army . 
  for example spending , ca n't really have a common army if france spends 1,8 % of gdp , germany 1,1 % and hungary 1 % right ? 
  so is france is going to pay less ? 
  more likely than that germany would spend 15 billion euro more on defense . 
  but that would further decrease european military capabilities ( which are already at a bottom , even france could n't sustain an indirect military campaign against libya , a third world desert with the population of denmark ) and what about foreign policy . 
  all participants can not have their own foreign policies anymore . 
  some parts may remain nationally , but everything related to international security and defense ( which is quite significant currently ) will have to be decided for all of them at once . 
  and these members have vastly different foreign policies , interventionist france , isolationist germany , one-issue slovakia and so on . 
  a common army is n't going to work now , perhaps never , but at the very least not before other considerable changes are done in advance . 
  having said that they could start a common procurement office . 
  if italy , france , germany , hungary , czechia and slovakia are all going to drive the same tank , use the same helicopter , the same jets , transport aircraft , frigates , submarines etc. 
  they could spare quite a bit from an economy of scale and inter-operability , larger scale maintenance , centralized testing etc. 
  it 's a good and innocent way to test the waters , and a step in the right direction . 
  i 'll be looking forward to the dozens of arguments and watering down of equipment likely to proceed when germany , france and italy are fighting over who 's going to build what where , and czechia , hungary and slovakia footing the bill for that . 
  gazole submarine ? 
  foxes are rare , but i saw one on the highway 4 weeks ago . 
  about the owl , i 've a regular owl in my garden . 
  at sundown he nearly always sits in the same tree on the same branch . 
  but these farms are nearly all entirely flat and mown short with almost no places to hide . 
  ( no trees or bushes ) i do n't know if foxes or owls like that kind of hunting ground . 
  i was n't talking about public opinion ( which will eventually do the opposit , as conquest by fear never works long ) but politics . 
  we wo n't accept economic harm being done to the uk , as it would hurt us just as much . 
  neither will sweden or denmark or ireland . 
  try this , and you will fracture the eu even more . 
  no it is n't , and it 's extremely unlikely to ever pass the council . 
  it 's nice at least some still consider others . 
  oh you have a lot more , you 've somebody that has experienced it first hand . 
  also this is a subject talked about nearly as much as the weather , and there 's a prevailing view you might not like . 
  sure , try it . 
  the more painful they make it , the more other eu members will fall out of line . 
  no it is n't . 
  only thing the eu can do is strip membership priviliges like voting rights , but it would need a legal basis and 27 members voting in favor . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  where did you read you need a wolf to catch mice ? 
  you 'll have to read the research . 
  primary rule is all researches have flaws . 
  i do n't know how much this one has , and wether it 's politics and deceit , as i do n't feel like reading and examining the research for a reddit post . 
  all i know is the prices increased due to the euro and wages did n't at the same rate , since i 've lived through it myself . 
  they do if you use the right ones . 
  you 're better of using real and total wage figures , as the euro has caused increased unemployment and underemployment , and inequality in the netherlands . 
  they feel they still have a mandate to protect the smaller countries from being annexed . 
  i 'm going to miss them if they ever leave . 
  i think they 're allowed to gridlock whatever they want and legally can as long they 're a member . 
  it has nothing to do with science . 
  it 's not physics , not maths , it 's politics and deciet . 
  there 's not really another way . 
  you ca n't really shoot a thousand mise on your property , try even hitting one . 
  i was told the problem is with the farmers using less pesticides , we are seeing more hunting birds like falcons and buzzerds now , so they might help . 
  not only did the prices rise because of the euro , but wages did n't . 
  our elders consistently remind us how living standards have decreased . 
  i do n't see your point , we 've about a third of the living standard our parents had . 
  all these foreign conflicts or international politics did n't matter all that much to daily life . 
  i do n't expect them to have much of a voice if they were . 
  i 'm oftened saddened by our ecological situation . 
  it 's pretty dire .
