militarily greece and turkey are fairly matched , which is why they have n't taken these islands yet . 
  of course they can . 
  now 's just not the moment . 
  nuclear weapons do n't rule out conventional warfare between states . 
  it rules out ` extinction ' though . 
  just look at argentina and the uk for example . 
  but also india and pakistan . 
  until the '70s it was pegged to the dollar , from the '70s to the mark . 
  the difference is obvious , pegs can be reset easily , we 're not responsible for bankrupt states so no bail-outs from us , pegs can easily be lifted . 
  it 's nearly oktober folks , sit tight and keep the popcorn close . 
  true , either missiles or a lone sub will take them out . 
  countries will probably keep them away from direct confrontation , for example the french carrier is nuclear and can go without port for quite a while , they would likely send it of to the caribbean or something in case of war . 
  it appeared as though you meant the uk . 
  you do n't understand the discussion very well , try starting with the top post of the comment tree . 
   what would be their uses ? 
  their uses are strictly offensive , for example taking back a remote french/dutch/british island , or bombing syria without playing political games with turkey about airbase use . 
  these things are n't useful in an open conflict . 
  for example , one dutch walrus submarine managed to sink an american aircraft carrier including escorts without even being spotted during training . 
  these things are going to the bottom fairly quickly , and they 're nothing else than a moving tarmec strip , of which you 'll have enough if you 're in direct war with your neighbour . 
  sure they use it on heaters as well , but this particular one is for drying towels . 
  i do n't see them that often in the netherlands , we generally use a central thermostate which i control with my smartphone , and radiators themselves only have cut-of valves so you can choose not to heat a certain room , or less so , but these things only say ' + and - ' for the turning direction , there 's no thermostate in there it just controls the flow from the cv . 
  i would like to return to the guilder , we would 've been much better of without the euro . 
  nah , most people would end up better of and a lot more will have to happen to ` crack our civilisation ' . 
  this keeping a failing crooked system upright with community funds only serves the rich , and has created a climate in which all economic progress and innovation is smothered , a new generation is standing at the sideline , and older generations are held of from their pensions . 
  a collapse will be the beginning of a new economic boom . 
  a bail-out would likely be accompanied with a bail-in as well . 
  so i would hold your horses for now . 
   jeez , google it yourself : ` jeez ' you were making claims , i was n't . 
  burden of proof is on you . 
   first result is from reuters and is immediately quoting polls . 
  [ ... ] this one is from the australian , [ ... ] another report of a poll ,  that 's not polls from the uk . 
  support in the eu has temporarily risen , but support through fear usually does n't last very long . 
  true , but we could also do it by land a l\u00e1 poland with molotov and ribbon , france from the south and the netherlands from the north . 
  we were talking about defense budgets , and the fact russia can for the same money hire multiple soldiers for every japanese soldier . 
  capitalism is exactly what is needed in our financial markets . 
  the current socialist bank system where states pour unlimited amounts of money into incompetent , outfashioned and uncompetitive institutions is nearing its end . 
  and it will have to go out with firework . 
  now that would be something . 
  ( lays champagne in fridge ), 
  it was conservative guess . 
  average income in japan is probably 5 times that of russia or something . 
  that 's funny because that 's very modern in the netherlands . 
  a couple of municipalities now have district heating on gas plants ( residual heat of producing electricity is used to warm homes ) i do believe they can be controlled though , simply by managing the water intake at house level . 
  also modern ` green houses ' have a very deep plumbing underneath them and pump water + / - 100-150m into the earth to then return it when its hot . 
  that 's called ` earthwarming ' . 
  if you do it right you only use it at day , so that solar panels power the pumps . 
  large windows are n't much of an advantage in the netherlands but people like it due to having daylight in the house , summer temperatures rarely venture below 20 degrees now and that 's a good temperature . 
  i also have very large windows ( the whole front wall is a window at its heighest about 5m tall ) but when the sun shines it gets 28-29 degrees inside , over 30 whenever its really good weather . 
  a bit too much . 
  is that still a thing ? 
  we also have a lot of coal ( coal is practically the only fuel that europe has in redundance ) but it was n't profitable to mine anymore . 
  all the mines were closed in the 90s , they now serve only horror movies and urban explorers . 
  certainly . 
  these kind of things are generally only still found in social rent houses . 
  bathrooms then have their own boiler ( sometimes electric as the old gas fired would 've broken ) . 
  and heating is either one central heating for the whole apartment block or a gas brick as well . 
  public corporations need to supply those for low-income families non-profit , and these corporations do n't like to invest money into them if it is n't needed , and renters wo n't invest money in property that is n't theirs . 
  normal homes all have central heating nowadays , where everything is connected to a gas boiler tucked away somewhere in the maintenance room of a building which is computer controlled and always delivers warm water and heating at your demand . 
  interesting , i have n't seen that before . 
   could provide air support with carriers in the baltic sea . 
  no way these things would be brought on such a suicidal mission . 
  they 're completely unnecessary as well . 
  no it was n't , some people were so desperate they quoted individuals thinking that had any relevance . 
  so you have nothing , it 's because the support has n't waned . 
  we would need special jets anyway , the f-35a is n't suited for carrier operation . 
  we would have to complement them with additional f-35c , and these european carriers do n't carry a lot of planes , 8-12 or something is what italy and spain put on them with some helicopters . 
  no it is n't . 
  there 's an agreement that you could borrow it on instance , it is not shared it is 100 % dutch . 
  a geyser for all the water is a boiler . 
  a geyser itself has no holding capacity and can only supply warm water to the tap it is connected to . 
  you have n't seen half of it , some old 1960s apartment buildings still literally have a gas flame on top of your kitchen tap that will heat your water . 
  ` geiser ' they 're called , [ like this ] ( https://s1.whbo.nl/uploads/order/1621/aa33c9bc461f5b3650331399f79d1ff02d3a490e.jpg ) . 
  no it 's for when you 're on vacation for example and its freezing where you live , or in a room you do n't normally heat . 
  in either case you can practically shut of the heater to reduce gas usage but have it just warm enough to not freeze up . 
   less reach than putin , you say ? 
  yes , turkey is a far smaller player than russia with less hard - and soft power to go around . 
  it 's for drying a towel . 
  the radiator warms up , you lay the wet towel you used over it , water evaporates , towel is dry . 
  and pay for the wall . 
  the us saved the others but proceeded to put them on a much tighter leash , which now means they ; re standing far more stable than their european counterparts that have managed to waterdown similar demands in europe and are guarded by the divergence between states making it impossible to impose needed continental standards . 
  they are n't , but it helps , since it means russia will have more to spend on equipment than japan and needs less to operate and maintain the same equipment . 
  also disregarding the constitutional limits to the japanese armed forces , they pack quite a punch . 
  for what use ? 
  we do n't share anything that would make such a force useful enough to even consider . 
  military budgets do n't compare very well between high and low income countries . 
  for every japanese soldier the russians can employ 3 . 
  really ? 
  i tried skimming through the summary of the treaty but it indeed mentions only limitations to the number of personnel and non-conventional weapons . 
  regardless if we wanted one , we can build a carrier ourselves . 
  germany is n't allowed to have carriers , the netherlands has 3 ships that can carry multiple helicopters ( chinooks , apaches , nh90 's ) an aircraft carrier would n't fit in the budget , unless we would spend that 2 % . 
  and if we would , we would have our own escort , we have our own subs , and we have our own jets and helicopters . 
  and yet they will for a time to come . 
  we 'll have more than 1,3 million deaths a year with current technologies . 
  it will take multiple decades before we have a computer that would be as intelligent as the human mind . 
  you can make a system very safe , but our traffic is already very safe . 
  there 's a reason we still have pilots in aircraft , and that 's not because computers ca n't fly . 
  the human mind is far more intelligent than any computer we currently have access to . 
  we can learn , adapt , and make decisions , a computer can only do what we tell it to do . 
  the best thing to come out of ` autonomous cars ' for now are individual subsystems that will make our own driving safer . 
  ( city break , adaptive cruise control etc. ),
