  now that that situation has been one for a while retailers and producers are lowering their prices in all sorts of ways ( employ less people , employ younger/cheaper people , employ based on 0-hour contracts , discounts , and often of course bankruptcy sales ) this all drives down the price index of goods/services , the change of which is what we call inflation/deflation . 
  so the problem is there 's more supply than demand , if nothing what they do works , retailers/producers will need to go bankrupt to even it out again . 
  problem is by going bankrupt people lose their job and income , and so end up with even less money to spend . 
  so how do you increase inflation in this case ? 
  helicopter money would be my suggestion . 
  true , you made a valid point . 
  internal devaluation of internal demand based economies does n't work . 
  so they will have to , painfuly i might add , adjust from an internal demand based economy to either a balanced or export orientated economy . 
  obviously we ca n't all be exporters , as for every exporter we need an importer . 
  so perhaps we should roll up the eurozone like we did with past currency unions in europe whenever they stopped being beneficial . 
  ( if this one ever was in the first place ) otherwise we keep on running in the same circle that always eventually ends up at the subject of a fiscal/transfer union , and much more than that eventually . 
  it was n't particularly succesful at that , which means it did not improve the position of the consumer . 
  what they 've essentially done is pump banks and corporations full with idle luiqidity . 
  external devaluation of the euro only has an effect on trade from/to outside the eu . 
  most trade european countries do is with each other . 
  this is the moment where most people come up with a fiscal union . 
  to counter growing imbalances inside the emu you could raise taxes in germany and bring that tax money to the south for example . 
  or they could use the same policies germany and netherlands have used for some time , but they 've , and that has left them with unemployment figures sometimes up in the 20 % range . 
  a european economy ca n't work on solely internal demand . 
  that 's what some say . 
  imagine how poorly that reflects on the future of the common currency . 
  people who inherit 9 billion do n't pay taxes . 
  people who own 9 billion do n't either . 
  it is known . 
  again , you 're either reading the wrong replies or are drunk or something . 
  it 's more likely that we 'll find intelligent life on mars that will import products from italy to kickstart their economy then that there 'll ever be a fiscal union . 
   northern europe would remain much wealthier because it has much better human and physical capital and so higher productivity . 
  it 's not even that that is the core of the issue , the issue is that there are essentially two different national systems which have had an effect on pretty much their entire respective countries top to bottom . 
  northern europe is use to internal devaluation , as that was our way before the euro as well , southern europe is use to external devaluation . 
  the effect of either is n't that different , it 's just the mindset . 
  southern europe still does n't always understand the ways of internal devaluation , and northern europe is n't going to change its approach , as it has the strongest hand . 
  i think you may be reading other replies then i have , or have looked too deep in your glass . 
  there 's no uncertainty with regards to trade at all , as nothing would change . 
   ok , no threat to rotterdam , but still , i do n't see why anyone in vienna , bratislava or budapest and the areas connected to these hubs would import/export containers or bulk cargo through rotterdam rotterdam is n't the only port , obviously they only use rotterdam whenever its most convenient/cheap/quickest / most reliable etc. 
   when they could do it cheaper on the danube and through constanta . 
  i 've seen no proof it would be cheaper . 
  i must warn that travelled distance is a very bad way of determining the cheapest route . 
  seeing as road transport is the worst of all forms of transport in terms of costs and reliability . 
  and even then the quality of the road/rail network plays a huge part . 
  shipping is the cheapest , most efficient and reliable way of transport we 've . 
  and the netherlands has the most extensive internal waterway system of europe , and is located closer to europe 's economic heart than romania . 
  rotterdam itself is equipped to recieve the biggest ships the world has . 
  great example to prove my point you have there . 
  we have this posh club called the eu , and when that plane went down the whole club was silent as a mouse . 
  we were alone in handling that together with australia , malaysia and some aid from the us , so there 's no use for this club in that matter either . 
  actually they all do . 
  you would 've to wait a long time , and then realize it does n't compare very well , as the british want to limit immigration and be able to sign their own trade deals . 
  obviously if you remain part of the single market you will keep the freedom of movement . 
  unless switserland is going to set a precedent in a couple of months for limitations there following the deadline of their referendum . 
  true , but we did n't change our position . 
  it 's a bit of a useless discussion anyway , they should 've blocked romania from joining the eu , not schengen . 
  it 's a half assed populist attempt for domestic audience . 
  the economic weight is in western germany , and the danube-blacksea channel does n't offer a viable access to even south-eastern germany . 
  there 's no threat to rotterdam , it 's limited by the available land , not competition . 
  the rest of the infrastructure including internal waterways is top notch , unlike romania , or much of europe for that matter . 
  nope , no limitation there either . 
  hollande is the surname of the french president . 
   we 're innocent here . 
  nothing would be blocked , all trade will continue as is without any limitations . 
  we would do well outside the eu , probably better than we do within . 
  i applaud your creativity , but romania 's coast is not a competition to rotterdam . 
  rotterdams hinterland is n't in the balkan . 
  and even if it would be , why would we build roads in romania ? 
  the netherlands is the second biggest financer of infrastructure in the eu , practically every half decent road in romania is paid by the eu . 
  does n't add up , as logistics does n't end at the exit of a port . 
  people oppose the migration , that 's why the government is weary , though it 's mostly symbolic at this point . 
  they tried together with the british and germans , did n't end well for either of them . 
   let 's what will brexit do to the uk economy first . 
   if it 's up to the eu , nothing would change . 
  that 's the thing about trade , it 's mutually beneficial . 
  the netherlands is the 5th largest trading economy in the world , it 's the 6th largest foreign investor by outflow in the world . 
  nobody would dare to throw a stick in these spokes , as the effects would be devastating continentally . 
  between everything and everyone as it is . 
  that 's probably the worst joke i 've red on here . 
  kuddo 's for the attempt though . 
  if you 've multiple billions , luxemburg probably does n't even have a rate . 
  so i doubt that . 
  which is why all these big giants settle in luxemburg with an empty office and a single clerk on the paycheck , not hungary . 
  it is a problem they do n't want to fix , that much is obvious , they created it after all in the first place . 
  deal , sign here and i 'll inform our fellow beneluxians about their new addition . 
  these are all in prices , unit prices are a terrible metric to compare as you do n't buy a jet off the shelf like you do with a tv . 
  as you can see , the f-35 is the cheapest jet to procure compared to all european equivelants , even the budget fighter . 
  as said , economically nothing would change . 
  it 's funny though that trade is the only positive people can come up with . 
  why do we have all the rest around is if its worthless , and at times annoying or even damaging ? 
  nothing would change for rotterdam , trade will keep on going as it did . 
  it makes me angry to no end knowing how unfair and unjust they treat these local entrepeneurs . 
  this is something i 've really a hard time accepting . 
  it makes absolutely no economic sense either , something like 90-95 % of our economy is based on sme 's . 
  companies the government does n't care about . 
  just shows for who we have a government , it 's not for the people anymore . 
  but they did n't . 
  defending the border is n't just a states right , it 's its obligation . 
  i would n't mind if we left the eu , would hurt the eu more than it would us . 
  ireland and the netherlands are n't city states . 
  yes we 've international tax issues we need to solve asap , but we 're an important member aside from that . 
  luxemburg is not . 
  except if your turnover is multiple billions and you 're not from luxemburg . 
  and have 40 soldiers to defend it . 
  we could always make you a province of belgium .
