   you realize the population ca n't keep growing , right ? 
  i 'm more curious wether you realize there 's a difference between population growth , and a near 50 % population reduction in an average human lifetime . 
  so , do you ? 
   that said , italy is not far off in regards to demographic trouble , they 're probably in more trouble . 
  they stopped having children as well , * and * they have a large debt , * and * are already accumulating more debt by the day . 
  it is time we jump ship from the eu bandwagon , because the future does not look bright for some . 
   there can not be a clean slate . 
  it 'll just accumulate liabilities in another form , be it in crumbling infrastructure or lack of nursing personnel . 
  true , infrastructure is already crumbling . 
  then again with less ( mobile ) people you need less roads and less maintenance because you have less wear . 
   at least get elderly germans to buy german debt like the japanese do . 
  then it can easily go to hundreds of percent of debt-to-gdp ratio without the sky falling on our heads . 
  japan can not go bankrupt , germany can . 
  as long as you use the euro you 're not going to be able , let alone allowed , to accumulate debt in the order of ` hundreds of percent of debt to gdp ' . 
  we 've applied this austerity approach since the 1970/80s , it has made us one of the richest countries in europe , and by extension the world . 
  it has also made a country of 17 million the worlds ' 7th largest exporter and importer and 5th largest trading economy in the world . 
  does it not strike you as odd that it 's those who were using ` stimulus ' that appear to be in a tough spot , to put it mildly ? 
   also keep on mind that without those countries in the eurozone the northern countries would n't be reaping nearly the benefits from it they do now . 
  you need them doing well and preferably in the eurozone . 
  we 're not reaping benefit from the euro , we 've lost because of the euro . 
  we just had more altitude to fall from . 
  the south has seen massive economic expansion initially because of the euro , this was based on huge balloons that upon collapse had to be corrected . 
  while we 've seen economic contraption immediately after adopting the euro . 
  i would very much like to return to our own currency , and the italians should be looking into that as well instead of shifting their burden to our backs . 
  unfortunately he has , but due to him being underaveragely endowed in the intelligence department it never is going to be much regardless of ` experience ' . 
  if that 's true , it 's just a detail . 
  the german government is saving money , or just not spending , on everything . 
  there are also some that say that the aversion of germans to have children is n't related to their financial situation , in which case benefits ( which are n't much anymore in the scheme of household disposable income anyway ) are n't going to make a lot of difference , if any . 
  in 10-20 years the brunt weight will fall like a hammer [ 1 ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/graphs/population-pyramids/germany-population-pyramid-2014.gif ) , starting of with a clean slate then debt wise is n't a bad plan . 
  pinch me , i must be dreaming . 
  a german * and * a swede making sense on this particular topic at the same time . 
   there will have to be a transfer union . 
  is that newtons 4th law ? 
  i had n't heard about that . 
   do keep in mind that in joining the euro nations lose the ability to devalue their currency as a crisis management mechanism and if they need that , it 's time they consider an exit . 
  they can also use austerity to internally devalue their economic activity . 
  because germany is going to be a 360.000 km2 sized elderly care home in the future . 
  the german government is reducing debt for the weight to come of a population that stopped having children . 
  that 's not going to happen , germany , and other northern states , do n't want a transfer union . 
  of course you 're free to leave the eurozone if you do n't like having to hold your own pants up . 
  that would be the upside of things , politicians who 're called out on their bullshitting . 
   when a man ends up in the white house who boasts about not having a clue and who says that specialist knowledge is elite nonsense , rather have a man without specialist knowledge that admits he has no specialist knowledge , than a man without specialist knowledge who thinks he has specialist knowledge like schulz . 
  the elitist part people are annoyed by is people like schulz who are n't half as competent as they think they are . 
  if she feels better about that , go for it . 
  she can wear a headscarf . 
  she 'll just most likely not get a job . 
  her choice . 
  maybe it did , for now it 's still a thing though . 
  of course without an external border it will collapse eventually . 
  the french border with italy is still a holed chease . 
  memberstates have introduced border controls , but not structural ones . 
  which is allowed under schengen . 
  structural bordercontrols would be a violation if the duration or reason to does not relateto the provisions in the treaty . 
  ( there are circumstances which allow structural controls for a determine period requiring a certain reason ), 
  was n't unusual . 
  in the netherlands the secret services beat the socialists themselves and created a socialist movement for them . 
  that way they knew of everything of pretty much all rabid socialists . 
  there was a plan in place to arrest them all in a moments notice should there ever have been open hostilities with the warschau pact . 
  also , it let our secret service to sit at tables in moscow . 
  perhaps , brits are welcome here . 
  we could agree to small barriers between western countries of similar level of development . 
  italy only wants to bring them in , not keep them . 
  if structural border checkpoints are introduced in bordering countries schengen would effectively be put to an end . 
  and that could create a political maelstrom . 
   was promising to veto any brexit deal which would damage the rights of their citizens to live and work in the united kingdom . 
  strange that i can find 0 reference to any of this in dutch news . 
  why would n't this have more publicity ? 
  war graves should be left alone , i understand the thrill people must have to bring up this kind of historical stuff from the seabed but some government needs to act here because it 's not acceptible . 
  i do n't understand , am i missing some context ? 
  it 's a war grave , they 're usually left undisturbed unless there 's a reason to salvage them . 
  in which case they will be treated as a war grave , with due respects . 
  it was a good conversation , he was telling me the brits wanted a trade agreement for access to the internal market , and that the eastern states want to defend their citizens residing in the uk . 
  i was saying there 's a difference between a trade agreement and being part of the single market , and that eastern citizens currently residing in the uk will most probably not be affected whatever the outcome , it 's just future easterners that wo n't have the same right . 
  possible , but that would be the end of schengen and possibly a whole lot more . 
  wait 'till you see his ` own plan ' . 
  it means extending the ferry service to the alps . 
   `` the mountain -- for now -- has given birth to a mouse , '' renzi said . 
  leave it to an italian to come up with such a striking proverb . 
  the italians have been marginalized for years , but they accept it so far . 
  ` do it ' means transporting them all to the alps with a rail card to germany . 
  yes they can do it , but it 's not going to be fun . 
  some of them . 
  the brawl started after some blocked food from entering the camp , while others wanted that food . 
  a lot of people are now roofless because others decided to ruine things . 
  greece should step up its effort to deport these people , there 's an agreement with turkey and no reason whatsoever to delay this for so long . 
  the london banking sector is n't only about europe , it 's a global business . 
  just as the whole world is n't only about germany . 
  for germany a dozen other countries that do want to increase trade . 
  ` sorry britain but we slovaks ca n't allow you to leave us . ', 
   thank you for the link . 
  i whole heartily agree with you and while i am incredibly worried and annoying about brexit as a pole who 's made her life in london i do n't want uk to be screwed over as it will affect my future . 
  if you live in london since before the referendum the odds are you wo n't notice a thing from brexit . 
  they 're not going throw everybody out , it will merely affect people who are planning to move ( or maybe those who did after the referendum )  on the other hand , should n't eu 's position be unanimous ? 
  it 's not going to be unanimous . 
  the eu is already fractured along several fault lines , and is simply divided by the fact it has such a diverse group of members . 
  the choice of the british should be respected , not punished . 
  the eu itself is primarily about trade , it 's also pretty much the thing about the eu that functions moderately well . 
  so they should seek to secure trade , and accept and reflect on the fact the british , and many more europeans , do n't want the rest of the circus around it . 
  tempering with trade looks like a death sentence to me for brussels . 
  if being a ` nerd ' floats your boat , go for it .
