   120 older t-72m1 tanks it seems it 's even less than 159 . 
  that would put the amount of in service tanks below 500 , of which a quarter is heavily dated . 
   grasping for straws are we ? 
  i read the whole thing . 
   you did n't , since you still do n't understand the situation . 
   in storage is completely fine . 
  finland is full of `` in storage '' gear , since the field army is 230000 and they all need apcs , trucks , weapons , rocket launchers , missiles , aa and so on . 
  in storage is fine , but you 're comparing in storage numbers to in active service numbers . 
  you should compare apples to apples , not to pears . 
  and seeing as many countries do not disclose their storage , comparing it is often not possible . 
   there is a new polish mbt proto coming in 2018 . 
  so the t72s are there until 2023 or even longer , unless they have the space and just keep them . 
  as said , most of the t-72 's are withdrawn . 
  only 159 remain , and they will be withdrawn soon as well . 
  fortunately we do n't need anything from anyone so we ca n't be freeloaders even if we wanted to be . 
  unfortunately we 're the ones providing for all the free-loaders , but you would n't know about that , finland has never done something for someone else . 
  japan spends 0,9 % of its gdp on defense . 
  that 's less than us ( 1,2 % or something ) . 
  but yea it should be increased , and now for the first time since the cold war has been increased . 
  ( $ 300m per year , but it 's a start ) also we 're one of the biggest participators against isis in europe . 
  apparently they took over a town square and hurled bottles and rocks at police . 
  they 're far from innocent . 
  i think you fundamentally misunderstand the idea of an eu military . 
  as / u/oomdydoo notes people who support an eu military do it because they hate america . 
  politicians who support an eu army do it to conquer and transform europe . 
  the forming of an eu military force will usher in a new period of violent conflict , civil war and strife in europe . 
  i understand it 's not always easy to be responsible for the security in europe , but believe me , it is both yours and our best option . 
   ~ ~ in order to end the us domination of europe ~ ~ in order to start the german domination of europe [ ... ] ftfy . 
   napol\u00e9on also tried to install a monarch at your head , no ? 
  hmm , yes . 
  and we 've been a monarchy ever since . 
  so next time you laugh at our royalty , remember it is you who made us a monarchy . 
   you did it to fuck with the english , right ? 
  trying to fuck them up is always a positive thing . 
   yes , but by that time our military ventures against the british were n't that succesful anymore . 
  the 18th century was very bad in the netherlands , which eventually led to the french annexation . 
  the first dutch-english wars were in fact quite succesful , at its height the dutch admiral sailed up the thames in england , burned the english fleet moared and confiscated some british vessels , among which the largest british flagship . 
  because the ship was too large though , it was recycled . 
  the ornaments reside in the reichsmuseum in holland to this day . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/nl/collectie/ng-mc-239 ) before that when the french and british teamed up and invaded us , the british fleet was sank three consecutive times until it surrended . 
  the french ended up being bogged down knee-deep in water after the lands were flooded and tailored of , the germans could n't even sustain a siege and followed the same route back home . 
   and we have belgium . 
   not sure even a french should be happy about that . 
  you do n't understand it much , but that 's all right . 
  tanks are n't the only asset of a modern fighting force , and every country has a different military doctrine . 
  poland only has 159 t-72 's in service , and they ; re old . 
  the rest of them will now be withdrawn as well the coming years . 
  regardless the poles have invested everything in their land forces , we 've invested everything in our navy . 
  we have one of the worlds ' most advanced stealth airdefense and command destroyers , two landing port docks , an amphibious assault ship , and one of the most capable attack submarines . 
  we do n't have much use for a large heavy land force neither in our defense nor in international deployment . 
   31 may 2011 you 're not good with dates , are you ? 
  that 's why it 's legal . 
  you should really read past the first few sentences . 
  you 're summing up the list of the amount of tanks prior to the withdrawel from active service . 
  you can read they 're put into storage until a new tank is procured , and currently only 159 are in service . 
  hang on ... 1940 just called , it said the strength of modern combat forces is n't measured by the amount of heavy tanks anymore . 
   poles 1000 as noted , it 's not 1000 . 
  in fact it 's about 510 in active service . 
  and it 's basically the entire polish armed forces , as they do n't have much else . 
  winters must 've been nice , too bad we could n't afford the central heating anymore and had to cut it from the budget . 
  it 's autumn all the way until the next years week or two of summer . 
  a yes a fellow dutchie , weather is never good . 
   i 'm enjoying every minute of it . 
   oktober 2011 \u00b7 ------  german defense ministry spokesman jens flosdorff said friday that the country 's military will pay 22 million euros ( $ 23.6 million ) to buy back 100 leopard 2 battle tanks from the defense industry . 
  the plans to equip germany 's bundeswehr with additional tanks nearly reverses a four-year-old decision to cut the total from 350 to 225 . 
  the ministry has decided to raise the upper limit for the future to 328 , '' flosdorff told a government news conference , confirming a report by german magazine spiegel . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-military-to-bring-back-mothballed-tanks/a-18375092 ) -----  poles have 600 t72 , 230 pt91 , 247 leo2 . 
  rusting away in a soviet shed somewhere , or still marked on some old documents . 
  and it appears these numbers are n't even correct either . 
  the t-72 's are being withdrawn from service , only 159 are currently in service . 
  they need taxi licenses , a registration at the chamber of commerce and a tax administration , and they need a commercial insurance on their car . 
  their car also needs to conform to the regulations regarding taxi vehicles . 
  it needs a gage and some other stuff . 
  uberpop violates quite some rules , those caught lose their car , get a fine and the tax - and insurance fraud can be really bothersome the rest of your life . 
   i was getting at needing a license to drive a taxi is a fallacy when the ones with a license are the criminals in amsterdam . 
  i 'm sorry but laws do n't work that way . 
  do n't get me wrong , our taxi laws our outdated , needlessly complicated , smothering and extensive . 
  they need to be changed to accomodate the peer-to-peer sharing economy . 
  also taxi companies are mobs , i agree . 
  but we adhere to the law , so instead of putting the cart in front of the horse uberpop is suspended in the netherlands , and they will have to wait for a revamp of the taxi laws . 
  having said all that , there 's an alternative . 
  blablacar is legal and quite popular . 
  i do n't know , even the former swedish prime minister expressed his hatred for everything swedish . 
  i do n't think i understand people like that , nor do i agree with them . 
  sweden use to be a great country , it has achieved a lot and is considered to be one of the best places in the world to live . 
  it 's developed , use to be forward looking and open for change , sometimes progress . 
  has a lot of natural beauty , and a relative calm and peaceful recent history . 
  how anyone could hate such a place is beyond me , but they sure made a u-turn . 
  * there 's something fishy about this reply getting downvoted . 
  anyone willing to step into the deep , i wo n't bite , and word your discontent ? 
  very curious what part you do n't agree with . 
  uberpop drivers do n't have a taxi license , are n't insured , and are n't properly registered at the tax authority . 
  if you 're caught your car is impounded , you get a huge fine , and will be put on a black list for insurances . 
  the netherlands has 33 leopard 2 's , and unlike in poland mbt 's are n't important in the defense of the netherlands . 
  regardless the poles do n't have 1000 operable mbt 's , they 're all old soviet stocks that have n't moved in a couple of decades . 
  many of which only even exist on paper . 
  your numbers are of for germany as well . 
  the illegal version of \u00dcber ( uberpop ) has been terminated by \u00dcber . 
  if you call an \u00fcber now you will recieve a driver with the appropriate license and insurance . 
  the radar units can , and will be , placed on a different position .
