  and a manpad is far more dangerous than an rpg , or even a tow . 
  now , perhaps , last 2 years by far the most came from the middle-east , and that can change again . 
  and libya having become the global arms supplier to all extremist groups could be receiving some of these manpads as well , they only need a boat and they 're in europe . 
  head of a memberstate known for being corrupt , and that just recently went bankrupt and needed a bail-out . 
  the code contains the aircraft type . 
  in its most basic form the iff will tell the operators the aircraft type , in this case a boeing 777 . 
  them being more numerous means they operate high altitude sam equipment ? 
  this is not an rpg we 're talking about , this weaponsystem was in all likelihood manned by russian service personnel . 
  and most likely for a long time to come . 
  and these duties do not impact any of the current asylum policies of hungary . 
  obviously he 's there for a photo shoot . 
  read a history book or two . 
  plenty of events are absolutely unequivocally irreversible in the minds of absentees , and ultimately turn out to be exactly that . 
   considering that the whole insurgency was caused by ethnic russians who rebelled , uhhuh . 
  yes , yes , the famous russian vacationers . 
  tell me more . 
   it only has the basic iff ( identification friend or foe ) capability and a rudimentary radar . 
  ` iff capability ' will them exactly what kind of plane it is , and therefor that it is a civilian plane . 
  a buk telar can therefor perfectly see what it is shooting at . 
  can you quote the section about manpads ? 
  i do n't speak german very well . 
  and those that arrive now have no relation to those that arrived in the 1970s and '90s , yet we show we intend to learn from our mistakes . 
  right , that 's why millions stroll through there seamlessly . 
  talk about being dense . 
  i do n't care if he was the pope before this . 
  there are indeed lots of armed men with russian accent in eastern ukraine , it 's not out of place , just indicating they were russians . 
  not at all , this has been known for years . 
  nothing a bit of polonium ca n't change . 
   yes it is extremely difficult to smuggle a manpad you must be the funniest at home . 
  you can carry multiple manpads on your back and walk into europe . 
  aint no one going to stop you . 
  because it took over 2 years of research to find out what we knew the week after the incident . 
  it was a disaster , we mourned , we wept , now we must live with it . 
   crimea will be returned , sure , sure , after the two georgian break-away regions and transnistria on a cold christmas day . 
  than you must have had an f for your philosophy courses , as you assumed downing the su-24m was ` right ' , and that a civilian target from a third party is directly comparable to a military target . 
   it also confirms russian troops and equipment have been in eastern ukraine . 
  really ? 
  this confirms it ? 
  and before this report we did not know ? 
   rebels are hardly to blame for the fact that they shot down a plane believing it was ukrainian . 
  but moscow is definitely to blame for giving them a weapon without giving them the means to use it responsibly . 
  the buk could read the transponders , they were n't firing blind . 
  there 's been reports of mh17 being escorted by two su-27 's . 
  a possible theory is that the russian operators thought mh17 was a high value military target because of the escort . 
   `` when the crimea crisis began , the ukrainian air force air command center quickly forward deployed six su-27s to the kulbakino ab . 
  since beginning of the crisis and the russia intervention , the 831st tab has the important task to provide air defense as well as security of whole country . 
  six fully armed flankers have always been in the sky especially when the other ukrainian air force airplanes such as transporters and attackers like fulcrums and rooks were in the east of ukraine , '' explains taghvaee . 
   `` but when the su-25m1 was shot down by the russia air force 6969th ab 's mig-29 on jul. 
  16 , the situation and condition became more critical than previous days and more su-27 sorties were conducted to confront russian mig-29s . 
  i believe those two su-27s were not in sky just for standard practice in that day [ jul. 
  17 ] , i believe they were involved in havcap ( high asset value combat air patrol ) mission sortie in that day . ''  in other words : since the russian interceptors had downed a su-25 on the previous days , the ukrainian escorted all military and civil flights over eastern ukraine on jul. 
  including mh17 . 
   `` during the uefa 2012 , the 831st tab and its flankers had same role , during those competitions they had duty to escort the airliners in fl330 and other routes in case emergency . 
  they played same role during the sochi winter olympics in russia . 
  they were airborne and they even escorted a hijacked airplane . 
  they were also ready to provide security of all passenger airplanes over ukraine . 
  they are now following same procedure and they could protect all of the airplanes over ukraine in-front of russians since jul 16 . ''  provided the su-27s were really escorting or ( more likely ) watching from their cap station many , if not all , civil flights over eastern ukraine for the first time ever on jul. 
  17 , in the wake of the downing of the su-25 , the operators inside the buk may have mistaken the boeing 777 shadowed by/near two flankers for a high-value plane of the ukrainian air force . 
  on their radar screens , the sight of a large plane with two accompanying ( or circling in cap not too far away ) fighter jets was completely new and may only mean the ukrainians were escorting an important plane . 
  and that would be the reason why they downed it without spending too much time analysing its transponder code and altitude . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2014/07/21/su-27s-escorted-mh17/ ), 
   there is no evidence of that . 
  there 's eyewitness reports saying the operators were speaking with a russian accent . 
   it might have been russian soldiers or rebels . 
  in all probability they were russian soldiers . 
   but russia is definitely to blame for supplying a buk system without other components that make it possible to identify civilian aircraft . 
  we do n't know wether they did or did not have these components . 
   that was irresponsible in the extreme . 
  sending in high altitude aa is beyond extreme , everything after that is plain murderous . 
  the us would never under any circumstance supply ` buk systems ' to any rebel group . 
  as far as manpads , the us has been very firm against supplying manpads to syrian groups . 
  manpads may soon be shipped by saudi arabia and the gulf states to syrian extremist groups though . 
  they 're contemplating it to counter russian involvement causing their rebels losses , thus far the us has been able to prevent them , but they may not for long . 
  should n't be hard to smuggle a manpad into europe currently . 
  these do n't reach as far as a buk , but go to any airport and it 's easy picking . 
  the saudi 's are currently considering providing manpads to al-nusra and other extremist groups in syria . 
  it 's the question that forms the red thread to all of them though . 
  and in the minds of both schulz and juncker ` more europe ' is the answer to all . 
  that 's not a debate about the future of europe , that 's an echo chamber . 
   still , the root of it lie in those years . 
  no the current problems are caused by those that arrived in those years . 
  the problems in the future will be caused by those that arrive in your years . 
  ( in other words , as we speak ), 
  gas plants are more efficient than coal plants , so they emit less co2 . 
  also coal plants spew mercury , arsenicum , lead and other poisonous materials in the direct vicinity , gas plants do not . 
  you 're here today , making the same decisions for people 40-50 years from now . 
  it 's not solely something from the 1970s . 
  according to the ukrainian sbu the russians did attempt an assasisnation on the then dutch minister of foreign affairs ( frans timmermans , current vice president of the european commission ) and his delegation while in ukraine . 
  the investigation has also had to endure repeated digital attacks . 
   provide it earlier becuz radar was on maintenance ! '', 
  that was actually the excuse ukraine used for not being able to provide primary radar data . 
   these radar images have been the topic of some controversy since the dutch safety board said in its report on the disaster in october that it did not receive radar information from the ukraine . 
  according to the safety board , the ukraine does not have radar images of the disaster because its station was shut down for maintenance . 
  ukraine on its turn denies such a question was asked . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.nltimes.nl/2016/02/03/ukraine-dutch-never-asked-for-mh17-radar-images/ ), 
   he can just say fuck you we do whatever the fuck we want or he can say that they will adhere to the opinion voiced by the people , he ca n't , while the referendum is non-binding , it annuled the ratification . 
  the government legally had to propose the treaty again to the parliament which would 've had the last word , instead the government proposed it will take time to be able to negotiate with eu partners . 
  parliament past this proposal , but so far , the treaty still needs ratification as parliament has not ratified the treaty anymore . 
   if putin goes you can be damn sure he 'll ensure that his follower will be of the same ideology . 
  he will need to if he 's to survive .
