  the truth is not politically correct , sorry if it hurts you but i wo n't go out of my way to tell it to you . 
  there rarely ever is , but it 's sufficient to carry out minsk ii . 
  i 've a pretty clear idea what i 'm talking about , you however do not even know what a war is in the first place . 
  zero luckily . 
  the minsk ii agreements is a layered action plan . 
  russia has so far fulfilled all its commitments , the plan has been stalled by ukraine for a while now on constitutional revision of regional autonomy and language . 
  if this is n't fulfilled , which it has n't for too long now , the minsk ii agreements will be suspended , previous achievements might be reverted , the eu may withdraw some of its support and russia might stoke up the conflict again . 
  you 're not in war , you 're facing a low intensity conflict with a russian insurgency . 
  you have n't seen half the horrors of a real war . 
   wonder why it was the correct time to do this now because europe is losing patience with ukraine stalling the minsk ii agreements . 
  it might soon start to withdraw soft power support if our attempts to mitigate the conflict are going to remain unsuccesful . 
  if you go to war with russia , it 's not us doing the suffering . 
  i would tone down a bit , war is n't pretty at all . 
  indeed . 
  best , and pretty much only , way to intercept a tu160 ( provided it 's actually in attack , not just goofing around as it did now ) is with a missile . 
  so the f-35 not capable of doing this is n't shameful . 
   lol the f22 has a cruise speed of almost 2,000 that 's a supercruise speed with afterburners enabled . 
  it wo n't reach very far in that state . 
  regardless the tu-160 can sustain mach 2 + for a long time , meaning the f-22 will still be lagging behind . 
  the only plane reliably able to intercept a tu-160 is a mig-31 , which has a cruise speed of 2500km/h . 
  yes , but the tu-160 is pretty much invulnerable to jet fighters , even dedicated interceptors . 
  the only jet fighters capable of intercepting a tu-160 are russian . 
  it will be used as interceptor by some though . 
  as for the uk , they still have the eurofighters , these are n't that old yet . 
  and the f-35 were meant for the aircraft carriers as well . 
  it is n't though . 
   it 's current sustained maximum speed is below cruising speed of tu-160 . 
  cruising speed of the tu-160 is 960 km/h , the f-35 can sustain 1470km/h for 2 hours . 
  people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  euro wo n't devalue itself by such a percentuage . 
   that 's not what was said . 
   it 'd be only yours if we 'd not be paying the debt interests as well . 
  also finland is n't doing too great , eh . 
  you 're responsible for your own debts and shall remain as such . 
  you have chosen to saddle up the dozen children you have with a debt the size of mount everest , do n't go begging at our feet now , good luck with it . 
   so are a lot of other countries , surely not only in the south . 
  anyway , i wrote that a common eu mof would have more sense with eurobonds and may avoid countries exploiting them to make as much debt as they want . 
  more sense for you , it 's all about your own interests , and multiply that with 18 others . 
  the euro is a disastrous project , best thing it could do is collapse . 
  the rest is n't worth adressing . 
  true . 
  i always start my day with gruel as well , never like bread in the morning . 
  oatmeal , figs , walnuts , a banana , strawberies and blueberries all sliced into the bowl , a delicious start of the day . 
  both boeing and airbus have consistently had illegal state subsidies for a long time . 
  everybody knows its illegal , neither wants to stop though as the other would win in that case . 
   belgian police at its finest . 
  where do you think they come from in the first place ? 
  right france , that country which has such an incompetent security apparatus that is has basically lost state control over calais . 
  apparently she maintained a friendship with some well placed uae citizens , after she blew up a 2,5 billion guilder frigate deal with them . 
  the fund is owned by 6 uae citizens . 
  ` dude ' , you should lay of whatever you 're smoking . 
   as italians would get about 25-30 % poorer on international level if we were to return to lira , due to devaluations . 
  if that 's true you 're going to become 25-30 % poorer with the euro as well , just slower , and more painful . 
  it 's better to slash incomes but see distribution become more equal and employment rise , then slowly withering away and have a quarter of the population sitting at the sideline or leaving for better options . 
   i was referring to this indeed . 
  no , that 'd be borrowing on everyone 's credit card , more the idea of a common eu mofinance would be much stronger with eurobonds , in other words our creditcard . 
  our ( germany , austria , finland , netherlands ) position is the only thing that lets the euro maintain some credibility . 
   would be much stronger with eurobonds , for you , and weaker for us . 
  you 're raising our liabilities and debts , what the fuck do you think that will do ? 
  russia is also a bit bigger . 
  and baltic excercizes are about giving russians flowers and dancing the polka together ? 
  you should hear yourself . 
  the middle of europe would be somewhere in poland , figuratively it would be a landlocked country in europe . 
  we 're neither . 
  it does n't have to , since that is n't part of your reply . 
   the euro is not on the gold standard . 
  no shit sherlock , but it has the same effect . 
   that does n't mean it will stay that way forever . 
  nor that it should . 
  it was meant to be that way , so it likely will . 
   the ecb is desperately trying to increase inflation and economic activity along with it . 
  oh please , by buying up bonds of the most secure multinational corporations and banks in an economy that 's suffering from lack of demand . 
  they do n't want to increase inflation or they 're incredibly stupid . 
  oh yes , but not the kind of criminals that blow up airports , decapitate priests , drive trucks full speed into crowds and shoots artists or free thinkers and that sort of thing . 
  oh , i see you do n't know the flag , it 's the netherlands , you can look it up on the map . 
  comfortably on an important international shipping route on the coast of western europe that has brought us around the world , and can do so again . 
  germany 's and sweden 's not right to be doing their kind of shit . 
  i prefer the hungarian way , at least the odds of getting decent people are higher that way . 
  it 's true western militaries are n't equiped to fight a large scale open exhaustion war anymore , not even the us , but i think you 're overreacting now . 
  yes russia is very large , then again most of the russians live in a relatively small region ( 80 % lives in european russia ) , moscow alone has about 25 million citizens of the 145 or so total , and winning a war is not about annihilating a population , but making sure said population ca n't fight anymore . 
  important military assets , but also logistics physical and digital infrastructure will be targetted . 
  when leaders and commanders die , when roads , rails , airfields and ports are demolished , when internet , telephone and electricity is gone it does n't really matter that there are still people living somewhere in a country . 
  it 's hardly an ad hominem to say a person that does n't even know the most rudimentary math has been lacking in primary education . 
  it 's a pretty solid observation . 
  you on the other hand have from the start refused to adress anything on content , but have merely been trying to discredit the person saying it or ridicule what is said . 
  if anyone does n't know what he/she 's talking about , it 's you kid . 
  the actual relative public spending is n't an indicator of austerity or stimulus . 
  public spending can rise by reasons outside of stimulus or austerity , and income can fall by reasons outside of austerity or stimulus . 
  stalin was no true scotsman ? 
  that 's also what others do to them . 
  besides they very rarely violate actual sovereign airspace , then you can go turkey . 
  mostly it 's about administrative airspace , and it 's not illegal to do that ( mostly just rude ) . 
  i 've never heard of that coming from russia . 
  who said it ? 
  i 've however heard plenty of balts say how provocative russia is by exercising on their own turf . 
   the value of money is relative and fluctuating . 
  for a short period of time between the abolition of the gold standard and introduction of the euro . 
  right now money is barely fluctuating . 
  no inflation , just some external devaluation , but since most of the trade is inter-eurozone that 's a detail . 
  that 's a pity for them , we should praise ourselves lucky that we 're not in the middle of europe .
