  does the plane even have a transponder ? 
  do they normally use it ? 
  maybe liberalism has a different meaning in french . 
   bellingcat it is rather unfortunate people take this sole middle aged british unemployed that serious . 
   but for a huge passenger jet with a massive dead angle travelling perhaps at 800 + km/h ? 
  why would you cross such a plane 's airspace that closeby , unless you wanted something from it ( squawk 7500 or whatever ) ? 
  just ca n't think of any good reason for it . 
  perhaps they do n't have the same professional attitude or culture within air operations . 
  it was reasonably safe , though arguably any avoidable risk is worth avoiding , so they may have decided not to avoid crossing it . 
  or perhaps they were just checking wether anybody was watching on an active radar . 
  france is more related to socialism than liberalism though . 
  blaming the economic problems on liberalism is pretty ridiculous , as lack there of is the reason of the problems . 
  russians did it , but it 's the whole story around it that implicates a whole lot more , including ukraine . 
  it 's even likely the russians did it on purpose for that matter . 
  since a couple of years . 
  same old same old . 
  this is the eu , though many people still do n't want to see it . 
  better than socialism looking at these numbers . 
  yes , and make the french pay for it . 
   personally i think we 're only a short distance away from a war with the saudi 's . 
  we 're more closer to seeing obama suck king sauds decaying dick on live television . 
   seeing as we 've sold them top quality weaponry it 'll be a longer more entertaining war than the last gulf war . 
  it 'll just be like any other war involving arab armies . 
  they 'll roll over instantly . 
   you would not need many ground troops . 
  on the contrary you would need a lot , performing the actual combat roles as well . 
   the shia militias and the iranians would probably be enough . 
  they 're not the only militias , and you can not arm them sufficiently or you would provoke israeli strikes on them . 
  they can fly in empty airspace , frog . 
  rate of fall might be even higher if you throw it into a spin , think about the people on the ground . 
  i 've flown aircraft , i know what 2km is , and it does n't constitute ` harrassing ' . 
  sailplanes would n't go that high either , since 1500m + is regulated airtraffic here , hobbyists usually stay between 300m ( minimum urban zone ) , or 150m ( minimum non-urban ) and 1800m ( regulated airtraffic outside airfield dome ), 
   no , they are n't . 
  also eritrea is an incredibly restrictive dictatorship with an awful human rights record . 
   yet very safe for its inhabitants . 
  first thing eritreans who come to europe do is go on a vacation to eritrea . 
  i think alpha centauri comes before albania , and i expect proxima b to come before moldova , and at the very least before ` ukrajine ' . 
  alright , but the submission is about bombers flying 1,8 km below a passenger jet without transponders on , not harassing passenger jets . 
  ` harass passenger jets ' , you mean flying 1,8 km below them ? 
  oh , well in that case it 's okay then . 
   yet , thousands of people risk their lives crossing the seas in order to reach that horrible place that is the eu . 
   not exactly the people one should want , but fair enough , there are places even worse than europe . 
  you keep saying the same thing , but ca n't substantiate nor expand on any of it . 
  there 's no other conclusion to be made here . 
   [ the per capita real gdp level ] , to be an increasing function of business freedom , freedom from corruption , investment freedom , monetary freedom , government size freedom , trade freedom , and property rights freedom . 
  i think you should actually read what you post . 
  your sources are saying not all forms of ` economic freedom ' contribute to a higher real gpd per capita output , but some surely do . 
  that can be agreed upon . 
  right , because the eu is so great obviously they would be worse of outside it . 
  the eu is the shining example of how things ought to be , and how they are at their best . 
  old , barren , unemployed , corrupt , indebted and stagnated . 
  naturally the uk would be worse of without all this . 
  define successful and deficit spending . 
  the usa is economically succesful because it has a lot of young hard working people and lots of economic freedom , ease of doing business and spare potential . 
  because you 're going to go ` deficit spending ' and you ca n't print value . 
  because their liabilities will be denominated in euro and your lira is going to be worthless . 
   bail out banks , then exit from the eurozone , that 's a great idea , so you can immediately start to bail them out a second time post lira adoption . 
  but they are anyway . 
   their complete removal from danish society , they would first need to be part of danish society to actualy be removed . 
  you know things truly took a wrong turn when your own parliamentarians are becoming the smugglers . 
  deportation and border enforcement . 
  do italy and greece get to pick how many [ ... ] they house ? 
  of course , they always did . 
  ( whipes sweat from brows and exhales shallowly ), 
  yes and a whole lot more . 
  do you want to be the same thief of the actually productive people in italy ? 
  winning the war would require substantial amounts of russian troops to be shipped in . 
  the syrian army 's combat performance has been abysmal throughout the conflict , simply shipping in weapons and supplies or assisting with air support is n't going to win this . 
  and even then , if russia would step up their effort , so would saudi arabia , the gulf states , france , turkey and the us in supporting the islamists . 
  one would need to hold a lot of cards to be able to keep pushing things to a new level to avoid getting bogged down . 
  it 's like you 're still living in post-revolution france . 
  you do n't punish corrupt politicians , think about their human rights . 
  an excellent example of our parallel society , the political caste . 
  is n't it great , it 's election time and suddenly calais is worth mentioning . 
   spd/gr \u00fcne / linke coalition . 
  my god ... how did it come to this . 
  fire !, 
  a bank might go bankrupt !, 
  bring in the state coffers before it 's too late !, 
  depends on the background of the perpetrator . 
  morals is a but of an understatement . 
  do you think that the saudi 's creating militant groups in europe that kill innocent europeans are an interest to our governments ? 
  yes but / u/8rax was still butthurt about that other subject . 
  as if saudi 's are the only ones with oil . 
  meek excuse always . 
  they have so much control over western politicians that they 're supporting , financing , creating and expanding hostile militant groups within our society and we do n't even care . 
  there 's much more to this than just oil . 
   anyway i do n't really think changing the name is lying , deceiving ( unless they call it something deceiving ) nor is it stealing . 
   of course that 's decieving . 
  thought so , you 're just full of shit . 
   so who should be our ally in the middle east ? 
   how did people do it in the past ? 
  far less people studied in the past . 
  and if you start working at 18 or so your clock will be ticking at 22 or 23 for children . 
  currently everybody seems to need to go to a university of applied sciences or university . 
  while half is n't smart enough to take advantage of it . 
  our education system needs to be rethought . 
  plenty of woman do n't study or pursue a carreer . 
  everybody 's position is unique , in your case you 're just not ready for it , and that is n't a shame . 
   how am i supposed to start making babies ?
