   the treaties only allow to suspend voting rights as the ultimate censure , not expulsion . 
  but that requires a legal base and 27 memberstates in favour . 
  would never happen . 
   fence 800 meters on each side of nearest official crossing , cctvs , thermal imaging , acoustic detectors , seismic detectors , ground-penetrating radar - that is not hungary , but a `` green border '' between slovakia and ukraine . 
  requirement to become part of schengen treaty . 
  that 's ukraine though . 
  ukrainians do not have the same human rights . 
  kind of a shame they removed the links with the most comments as duplicates and kept the ones without . 
  regardless , eu laws have no procedures to do any of this . 
  most they can do is suspend membership rights if there 's proof the country is actually in breach of core union goals/values . 
  however they need 27 memberstates to vote in favour of that . 
  the eastern members would n't be on board . 
  have you ever actually read about these countries and their border management ? 
  when they moved to hoek van holland to try and get to the uk the military police was deployed ( marechaussee ) and they were all rounded up . 
  we 've now had permanent though not systematic border controls for a while . 
  you can not cross into the netherlands from germany or belgium without driving past a military police station , who will pick anyone out that looks suspicious . 
  people need to stop pretending as if western europe wanted this , we do n't . 
  we dislike the germans as much you do currently , and we 've all this to thank for them . 
  as a native dutch i 've been faced with submachine guns and soldiers at the german border twice in the past 10 months . 
  i 've even had to explain why i was crossing the border into my homeland and where i was of to . 
  especially the airport route ( crossing the border from weeze ) is tight . 
  i think these basic values are mostly endangered by germany of all members . 
  consistent violation of fiscal deficit/surplus rules , solist actions , undermining of union borders and cohesion . 
  it was not hungary that asked to be literally trampled , it was germany . 
  it was germany that did n't care about anything between bavaria and turkey , it was germany that chose to work with ankara and not with the eu or its members , it was germany that chose to act alone and not in cooperation , let alone negotiation or reflection . 
  just ignore them , i 've been very happy to have at least one country in the eu with a backbone and a government that is n't afraid to act . 
  says a minister from a country who 's existence is stooled on international theft . 
  correct . 
  they could lower their entire tax rates , but considering the uk is already pretty much bankrupt and its debts have over the past years been growing even faster than its economy , the brits are n't going to like that . 
  they never last long around me , but our shops have plenty in stock . 
  * india bought 36 rafale 's for an all-in price of $ 9 billion . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/air-space/2016/08/02/india-france-move-closer-rafale-fighter-deal/87951264/ ) * switserland was offered 22 gripens for $ 3,5 billion , which assuming the price would be lineair ( not exactly , but not far from ) , would be $ 5,8 billion for 36 . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_jas_39_gripen ) * kuwait bought 28 eurofighters for $ 9 billion dollar . 
  [ 3 ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/2016/04/05/kuwait-signs-eurofighter-deal/82647386/ ) * the netherlands bought 37 f-35 's for $ 5,8 billion . 
  [ 4 ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/english/topics/f-35-visits-the-netherlands ) so let 's sum it up ; * $ 9 billion for 36 rafale 's . 
  * $ 9 billion for 28 eurofighters * $ 5,8 billion for 36 gripens . 
  * $ 5,8 billion for 37 f-35 's seems even the gripen as jet-on-a-budget ca n't dive under that . 
  markets do n't care about it , they 'll see through it instantly after 2008/2011 . 
  and wether or not the eu cares is up to you to care about . 
  i do n't particularly care about what the eu thinks . 
  who cares what they count as negative spending . 
  core is for you guys to not go bankrupt again . 
  spending debt and using greek accounting is going to have you go bankrupt again . 
  it 's better for you guys to innovate and lean up the whole economy and government . 
  i 'm actually delighted that the dutch government stated directly after the referendum it will not compete in the race to draw ~ ~ criminals ~ ~ bankers from london . 
  they 're good for nothing anyway , but even if they would be , this is not how we should be handling the situation . 
  having said that , some stroopwafels ( waffles if you will in english ) could do the trick . 
  all eu countries offer that though . 
  you need something unique . 
  competition by moral and ethical degeneracy all for for penny pinching today , because fuck tomorrow . 
  really a great thing you have there . 
  small and medium sized firms do n't behave less capitalisty , they simple do n't have the means to evade taxes . 
  the problem is that it has become structural . 
  large corporations tend to be uncompetitive . 
  they can only survive by not paying taxes . 
  that has made it very difficult to move to a free and open market , as politicians are mostly concerned with a couple of corporations , not the regular entrepeneurs . 
  provided you actually remain part of the single market , which means you will adhere to eu laws . 
   i , as a private citizen want an option to opt out of paying taxes , it 's unjust that only the rich have access to that . 
  well sorry , you wo n't get that . 
  you are n't special enough . 
  had the discussion lately as well , was sitting at a fish restaurant on the north sea , we could see a starbucks and somebody pointed out the fish restaurant pays 20-25 % tax on its profit , the starbucks most likely arounnd or below 1 % . 
  i think the only way to do something about this is to organize groups and just tear that starbucks upside down . 
  might be mean and bad , but otherwise the message does n't come across . 
  same goes for apple , google , ikea or what have you . 
  so does debt disappear when you do n't count it ? 
  how does this work for bond holders ? 
  they 're fairly low cost for what you get . 
  it 's better than all current european jets , and cheaper than all of them as well . 
   only by giving the states space to invest in key areas i did not realize the states had space to invest . 
  could you explain to us how the s&d is supposed to give you space to investment ? 
  'cause i seriously doubt the party coffers of s&d are sufficient for any state scale investments . 
  the other way around is proving to be more succesful . 
  tough times ahead for brussel/straatsburg . 
  will this mean the non-curved banana , or < 0,99 mm thick toilet paper directives might be revoked ? 
  with such an important legislature balancing on the edge of a crisis , the future of curved banana 's and multiple layered toilet paper may yet remain uncertain , and who knows what else could follow . 
  eggs sold again by the dozen ? 
  imagine the panic that would cause at retailers . 
  i 've lost that expectation long ago . 
  rather than hoping it will stop , i decided to prepare to immigrate myself in a couple of years . 
  of people possibly willing to commit an attack . 
  add to that the people that sympathise with , motivate or indirectly aid attackers and we 're getting into the double digit % . 
   this is exactly the same thing that happens in the us between us states and , with bigger projects , also with allies ... just look at what 's happening with the f-35 . 
   we produce a lot of parts for the f-35 and will become a regional maintenance center for f-35 operators in europe . 
  so we gain quite a bit from the procurement while not driving the costs up unnecessarily . 
  this competition between us states is a lot less intense , and ultimately there 's always a chief who makes the final decision there . 
  i agree , but it 's the best we can do with emotional undeveloped and instable private market drop-outs as policy makers . 
  that 's what you would call the weird part , but nobody is going to handle these people . 
  they 're boss here , and giving them money may avoid having them cause more trouble . 
   this case just clearly shows that the current international law was not build for this type of refugees . 
  this is n't a type of refugees at all , so it 's only natural the international laws regarding asylum are n't build for this . 
  then they would just live in calais like situations . 
  they may not be recieving welfare anymore ( apart from the little help from bored hippies who did n't catch up with time ) but they 'll be causing a lot of trouble to other people . 
  ( vandalism , theft , violence , smuggling etc. ), 
  you revoke their asylum status when they 're on a holiday and do n't allow them to return . 
  pretty simple and cheap . 
  you communicate clearly in advance that visiting your country of origin is evidence of your asylum claim being not credible . 
   it says that the uk should get itself into a position where it can move forward sensibly . 
  could , it could be either . 
   the uk is perfectly entitled to plan on how and indeed when it intends to start the process of leaving the eu . 
  there is absolutely nothing ( and frankly it 'd be dotty if there were . . ) to prevent a member state preparing itself before notifying the council . . what it ca n't do is conclude trade agreements in advance ( as that is an eu competency . . ) but that is n't what the uk is doing . . not only conclude , you 're not allowed to negotiate either .
