  but with the population increasing with 100.000 people per year net , so a million per decade , this is only going to get worse . 
  anyway , [ here he/she ] ( http://nos.nl/data/image/2015/03/09/139234/12.jpg ) is , the first wolf to be spotted in the netherlands in 150 years . 
  ( in drenthe , so close to the border with germany ) [ this ] ( http://www.wolveninnederland.nl/sites/default/files/styles/3_column_leadimage/public/sightings/wolf%20luttelgeest%20foto%20j.%20van%20der%20linde.jpg?itok=mhtzkk9x ) was the second one i think . 
  dutch farmers would probably rejoice with wolves . 
  they 've recently had a much bigger enemy , hold your laugh , field mouse . 
  thousands of them , they fucked up entire farms . 
  farmers figured they would kill them if they flooded their land for a while , animal protection was not amused . 
  this year its mosquitos that have become a plague , they 're everywhere . 
  inside your closet , your coats , on the ceiling . 
  ( some streets even needed to be evacuated because there were so many mosquitos you could n't see the horizon anymore ) the joys of living in a country without any natural balance and a climate that 's done a 360 in a generation . 
   and went to the netherlands to drown himself he/she was killed by a car after being sighted on road camera 's and recorded by drivers on their phones multiple times . 
  i do n't know about the other one ( there were two recently ) , but it was found dead as well i think . 
  which already shows the limiting factor , we 've way too much roads that cut its habitat in small zones of a couple of miles max . 
  nice studies , but prices definitively rose . 
  i should know , since i witnessed the transition . 
  even the dutch central banker at the time put it like this ; ` my wife said prices rose , some researchers said it did n't . 
  i believe my wife . ', 
  that 's foreign policy issues . 
  try picking the nice ones from this century as well . 
  everyday life in europe was better in the 20th century than it is now , and life then continued to improved , life now continues to get worse . 
  we 're not getting any back , these were just stray wolves from germany . 
  wolves ca n't survive in the netherlands anymore , there 's no natural zones here for an animal that large . 
  there were crises , and there will continue to be . 
  these times were much better though than current times . 
  montenegro already uses the euro . 
  i do n't expect it 's good for tourists , if you adopt the euro you 'll probably end up with northern prices just like montenegro . 
  at least i would skip croatia if the prices rise because the euro is adopted , i do n't mind changing money whenever i visit a country . 
  and croatia was always my italy on a budget . 
  had a bit enough of italy after places like trieste , venice and rome , having to pay 12 euro for a coffee the size of your nail ruins the moment sort of . 
  that 's a racist idea if i 've ever seen one . 
  it was about trade , we all liked that . 
  and it offered pressure free cooperation . 
  actually it does . 
  elevating the working poor , animal welfare laws and introduction of national parcs , commercialization of companies to give to the people , large public projects to employ as much people as possible . 
  it has nothing to do with far right . 
  you mean cruise on 138 and not having to break . 
  there 's no such thing as american . 
  you do n't , since you or europe have nothing to do with it . 
  you do n't , since you or europe has nothing to do with it . 
   i ca n't imagine europe without the eu , that 's a depressing thought . 
  i imagine a return to the eec will bring in a new era of prosperity , optimism and stability in europe . 
  i do n't know . 
  would it be bad if it did n't ? 
  sure compromise is a necessity . 
  but people know that each concession they give to the uk that more heads in the rest of europe are raised that want concessions as well . 
  their dream of a federal european empire might shatter if we were to compromise instead of forceful conformise . 
   merkel has acknowledged the eu is in a bad state . 
  that 's only half the story though . 
  it might take another brexit like disaster to make her acknowledge her role in it . 
  better perhaps , but nobody is willing to protect such a zone . 
  you would need a serious contingency , and many boots on the ground . 
  much difference from the current aerial campaigns we do . 
  yet national socialism has more in common socialism than it does with ` far right ' . 
  herring is a massive source of vitamin d if you want to use food instead of pills . 
  so [ bon appetit ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/93/dc/cc/93dcccfd67576e9e8d1846584f2b8aa9.jpg ) . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.nutraingredients.com/research/vitamin-d-could-save-germany-40-billion-in-health-costs ) according to the research of armin zitterman 45 % of the germans have insufficient and 15-30 % are deficient . 
   on the other hand , you have less risk of sun-related skin diseases , to even get sun-related skin diseases in germany you would need to be an albino ginger . 
  besides vitamin d shortage can cause cancer and cardiovascular diseases as well . 
  unfortunately for you also plenty of damage . 
  luckily you live in the uk though , the clouds do for you what melanin does for other people . 
  it still sounds german , how does that make you feel ? 
  it was n't sarcasm . 
  i doubt that would be illegal . 
  it would however be a massive hassle . 
  you don ; t want that . 
  i hate toll , if only for standing in line at these boots hussling with credit cards and cash , having numerous of people uselessly employed to stand there all day . 
  that would n't make it though . 
  the netherlands itself has had a proposal like that couple of years ago , equiping every car with a gps box and paying per km . 
  it did n't make it . 
  i do n't like toll anyway , too much hassle and bureaucracy , now it 's just simple , your register a car on your name and the tax authorities withdraws a monthly road tax from your bank account . 
  no work from it . 
  it 's just that people from countries who charge us with toll should n't be able to use our roads for free . 
  all countries who do n't charge us toll are welcome to use our roads for free as well . 
  dutch beer seems to do better in sales anyway . 
  if you do n't use them , you would n't mind having to pay for them when you do . 
  regardless , french people should pay at the border for using our highways . 
  belgians do n't charge us , so we should n't charge them . 
  my reply is quite clear , we should only charge people from countries who do the same . 
  so the french , italians , austrians , hungarians etc. 
  should be charged a fee to use our roads , belgians not . 
  i do n't know , would have to ask a dietary expert for that or something . 
  the primary source of vitamin d for your body is sunlight . 
  but just because something contains vitamin d does n't mean the body actually absorbs it . 
  also the body tends to need catalysators to extract vitamins , meaning that just swallowing pills can be no nothing else than taking vitamins in your mouth and having it leave at your bottom all the same . 
  especially using vitamin c pills is a waste of time , you 're peeing it out as quickly as you put it in . 
  better to grab an orange . 
  i do n't know for d in paticular though . 
  they advise people to use them , so i suspect they do work . 
  yes , at least a bit , as / u/twersx mentions dark skin contains more melanin . 
  ( it 's also pretty much what happens if you tan in the sun , your skin produces more melanin to protect the body , which makes it darker ) the more melanin , the less uv makes it through the upper skin layer , the less damage is sustained to organic material , but also the less vitamin d is produced . 
  they 're a lot worse actually . 
  western media is full of lies and deception too yes , but we do n't have personality cults \u00e1 la erdowi in europe , let alone the media as a tool to fuel them . 
  only downside is that non-citizens can use them for free . 
  in my opinion all people from countries who charge toll and vignets for their roads should 've to pay for using our roads . 
  vitamin d is primarily recieved from sunlight on your skin . 
  most of the germans and northern europeans have a shortage of vitamin d because they 're not outside enough . 
  if you cover yourself up head to toe you 're sure to have a massive shortage . 
  this can lead to nerve damage and deficiencies , skin problems , weak bones and teeth , hormonal issues , depression etc. 
  it 's nice of you to disagree , but better to word said disagreement . 
  and it is in fact an existential crisis , the east wo n't put up with this for long , and the west is divided .
