  addicts usually do n't recognize they 're addicted , or have a problem . 
  eventually something has to be done about it right ? 
  i will probably never understand why it has to be so hard , just add the two northern majority serb parts to serbia and the rest to albania . 
  but it 's the balkans , maybe they are n't meant to be understood by us . 
  i did n't want to put it that extreme , but it 's a mere shade of its former glory indeed . 
  swedish military use to be highly respected during the cold war , it was considered to be the third airpower in the world , after the us and russia , above the uk and france . 
  for some reason though they 've started to feel the same comfort as western nato members , even though they do not have the luxury of being in a safe area , nor do they have any military assurances . 
  it 's a neutral country , it 's not a finland , but they are n't that far away from a threat . 
  because having control over an army is what makes a state independent . 
  i want my government to , should there ever be a crisis , be able to have the last word inside our borders . 
  i do n't trust the eu or its members for an inch , it 's a malicious bureaucratic institution with more entangled interests than stars in the galaxy . 
  i ca n't imagine the rest of the eu and the us doing much more than watch . 
  there will be some soft aid , some financial aid , non-lethal equipment perhaps , and recieving refugees . 
  diplomatic channels would be used , basically everything short of violence or confrontation i could see being employed , but it would n't be particularly succesful and mostly symbolic . 
  yes , but sweden is a neutral country , and does n't have a very capable military anymore , but a massive country to defend . 
  it 's a pretty easy target provided they see reason to . 
  there will probably be very limited direct confrontation if they were to take gotland . 
  if you can take it without having any military confrontation with other countries except sweden , the costs are n't that high . 
  especially if you consider that almost all non-military retaliatory measures have already been implemented by the west . 
  i do n't think putin is that concerned about sweden , its military is in no state to put up a credible defense , let alone any form of retaliation . 
  and the country is neutral , thus it has no security assurances from other countries . 
  but in terms of national defense for sweden and defense of the baltics gotland is indeed vital . 
  ( s-400 systems on gotland will completely terminate the swedish airforce , and together with the airgap of belarus and koningsberg deny any nato airplanes . ), 
  it 's kind of pathetic that island did n't already have any respectible garrison . 
  so is a big one coming , or are they aftershocks ? 
   to ensure better control of migrants arriving from the middle east and africa . 
  yea right , was n't he the one saying borders were the worst invention of mankind ? 
  the borders are exactly working as he wants to , or not working rather . 
  competition is welcome , as long as you do it on your own . 
  then you 'll learn where wealth comes from , how to create it , maintain it and expand it . 
  instead of getting it delivered on a silver platter . 
  you 're the sort of person everyone is thinking about when we 're discussing eastern europe . 
  arrogant , egocentrical , lazy and entitled . 
  of course you do have hard workers among you , but most of them are living here now and the rest will follow eventually . 
  assimilation and reeducation camps ? 
  or we scream something in german in the streets and wait until the only inhabitants of wallonia are white flags . 
  agreed , time for a low-lands reunion . 
  1830 , we do n't forget . 
  this time the french are preoccupied , and if they bother us we 'll send whole molenbeek on them . 
  i think you would be appalled if you were given a couple of minutes in the room with the average german top official . 
  the only thing they did right though is enforce a monopoly on being a corrupt douchebag . 
  corruption is mostly hidden , you do n't hear about the fact dijsselbloem goes to international meetings with the ceo of ing at his side , but you do notice you have to pay a cop to not bother you , a municipality some extra to get what you want or whatever forms of mundane corruption that plagues poorer societies . 
  what we notice is the tax evasion for the big boys , state aid to large corporations and the ` revolving doors ' . 
  ( banks usually appoint our minister of finance for example , or that our minister of health is a lobbyist for tobacco firms , that sort of thing ) that 's more a far from your bed show . 
  not much different . 
  we 've far less corruption on the lower side of society than countries like italy or romania , but all the more at the top . 
  we do n't notice it a lot in daily life , as opposed to countries who have more corruption on the lower segments . 
  i guess that makes the difference . 
  and the economic build-up itself of course , we do n't have the corporate manufacturing giants germany does that dictate policy , but we 've our banks , pension funds and tax evaders . 
  i do n't understand why people thought that was a thing in the first place . 
  germany is a de facto oligarchy with bullionist tendencies . 
  there 's little integrity there . 
  i chose to write it in dutch , writes much easier and that 's how we always call it . 
  it does n't , but our mere existence is n't solely based on being a tax thief . 
  anyway we have a king now , reunion ? 
  it 's straatsburg in dutch though . 
   most people wo n't know about it so that 's okay . 
  by the time they die in a car accident or something , they wo n't even know their liver , eye or whatever is making somebody very happy . 
  the world has much poorer regions than eastern europe . 
  besides , it is your own responsibility to make something of your country . 
   people who are unable to understand the paperwork or to register are effectively forced to donate , possibly against their will . 
   if they 're unable to understand the paperwork or how to register they would n't have personal sovereignty , and have an aide manage it for them . 
  does being part of the union mean you recieve free money ? 
  because in that case we do something wrong and somebody needs to pay us a lot of money . 
   but to slash them from regions that require the funds , and associated projects , to improve the overall quality of life is a bit short sighted . 
  and why do eastern europeans deserve funds that improve the overall quality of life , and africans or m-e not ? 
   that , and i 'm sure a boat load ( no pun intended ) of eastern europeans are going to be pissed off . 
  must be hard to have competition from migrants outside the eu who want free money as well . 
  are there multiple belgiums now ? 
  the horror ... 
  we put in the pot , the east takes from the pot . 
  and ` the west ' is kind of a vague term , i 'm sorry to say that we 're growing as well . 
  and you thought that was contested somehow ? 
  so because my government does this as well , which i 'm very much against , i 'm not allowed to comment on this ? 
  that 's a slippery slope if i 've ever seen one , especially for a german if we are to apply the same standards . 
  no , thanks . 
  we 've our fair share of empty sacks in expensive suits already . 
  that 's okay , then we 'll put up economic barriers for the east as well , the east is n't exactly an economic powerhouse to put it mildly . 
  your markets are incredibly small , and not worth 1/10th of what you people sometimes like to pretend . 
   constanta is connected with the danube which it goes as far as germany where is another channel , rhine-main or something , in fact you can go only by water through whole europe , from constanta to rotterdam . 
   it 's irrelevant how far the danube goes , what matters is how far a decently sized barge can come . 
  and then still , transport over sea is prefered over internal waters . 
   constanta is anyway more close to suez than is rotterdam but farther from europe 's economic heart than rotterdam , or antwerp for that matter . 
  ( europe 's second port just around the corner )  the land infrastructure can be made in few years , by some . 
  romanians would n't pull it of in a few centuries , and the netherlands is the second largest investor in infrastructure of the continent . 
  if it 's supposedly a threat to rotterdam , you 'll have a hard time getting money and expertise . 
   and here lies another huge economic project in fact , the `` new silk road '' proposed by china the issue here is that china is a state plan-economy . 
  they 'll pump money into something , often without realizing it 's unprofitable . 
  because they do n't do what they do to make profit . 
  let china pour money into that , eventually they 'll either end up with illegal state support to companies or see their investments turn into sunk costs . 
   ~ ~ strasbourg ~ ~ straatsburg  eggs can still be sold by the dozen , i do n't understand your point . 
  eggs ca n't be sold by the dozen anymore because the eu banned that . 
  they need to be sold by weight . 
  one would start to wonder if they have nothing better to do in brussel/straatsburg . 
  trade was there long before the eu , it will be there long after the eu . 
  yes there 's a small redistribution scheme , and that one should be revised so that we can lower our contributions . 
  it will probably need to be lowered because of less contributions from the uk as well . 
  having more demand than supply is the way to increase inflation . 
  currently the low inflation is , apart from oil playing a small part , caused by the fact people buy less . 
  because people buy less , shops/companies/producers sell less .
