  somebody should 've made an exception for romanians and greeks . 
  says a person from a country sized elderly care home of the british . 
  ouch . 
  only the common folk pay taxes . 
  world war 2 was caused by the left , the cold war as well . 
  i would take the right over the left any day of the week . 
  especially the harmless modern one . 
  regardless this is not a pick your evil game , when two things are wrong , i would look for a third option . 
  the netherlands has relatively more muslims than germany . 
  in absolute terms that does not make the largest muslim population because we 've less citizens than germany ( 17,1 against + / - 80 ), 
  i would like the uk to stay in the eu , they 're a powerful safeguard on delirious madmen from the continent . 
  that 's probably not an option anymore though , so whatever relation , trade should continue as is . 
  i guess that 's an eea type of relation . 
  there [ recently ] ( http://cache.tvoost.be/tvoostbe/images/nieuws/04-2015/aanslag2.9b9f3801.jpg ) was some smoldering pretty near you . 
  but you 're right that it has n't ruined everything , yet . 
  the memory of two wars have nothing to do with the rise of the political right . 
  for a couple of decades we worked on rebuilding europe and preventing the continent taking another such turn . 
  these wars are still very much part of modern day european mindset . 
  in fact my home town still has bullet holes from the 1940s , we still have war graves ( i just visited one last saturday ) and last week a war grave was raised from a lake . 
  we still find munitions almost weekly . 
  every year we 're two minutes silent in respect of the death and to have our thoughts with it for a moment to reflect and some perspective . 
  we parc our cars on the side of the road , radio and tv stops broadcasting etc. 
  now though , we 're confronted with a new danger , with requires a different hands-on approach and mindset . 
  translating everything into ww2 just does n't work , but for an american these ar ethings you 'll just not understand , because you did n't live them . 
  it pretends as if we own our own labour or product of that . 
  no , but too much regressivism does , and that 's been the case in europe . 
  i guess you do n't know a lot about the european project then . 
  sure , they do n't want to be with you , and you 're not involved in much internationally . 
   you mean the ecb is in bruxelles 3 weeks per month ? 
  til . 
   thank you for again showing to us why everything is located in brussels . 
  this game never ends once you start playing it . 
  if by ` hard brexit ' you mean the uk leaving the eea as well , then you 're right , that is likely . 
  i red your ` hard brexit ' as meaning something else . 
  all signs you 've red no doubt . 
  they 're all big words now that nothing is on the line , they 'll squeem a few notes lower when negotiations are actually on the line and they figure europe has been fractured along several fault lines the past decade . 
  frankfurt pal . 
  you see how this game works ? 
  you give the french the ep one day in the month and the germans come back for their part . 
  because the german representative to the ecb said so , got it . 
  straatsburg , you mean that tax money squandering one day hq of the ep caravan because ` french pride worldwide ' . 
  straatsburg is exactly the reason why we put everything in brussels , to keep your self serving patriots in check and prevent them from emerging in germany , italy or all the larger countries as a response . 
  another reason to put it in brussels . 
  the balkan borders are mostly closed , this caused a significant drop in the amounts . 
  the crisis itself is as severe as it was last year , and it could get just as worse if not worse next year if we open the borders again . 
  schools and healthcare cost money which 18 + have to pay none the less . 
  if they want to travel they should , but by paying for it themselves . 
  europe definitively needs to help out its young generation which is getting completely trampled by an intergenerational conflict and regressing society , but this is not in the realm of the european parliament 's competencies , and giving interrail cards is also a sloppy measure . 
  there are nearly always cases of fraud in every election . 
  for example in the us with dead people voting en mass in some places , for a local example , in the netherlands there have been cases of voting station organizers removing pvv/geert wilders vote from the ballots . 
  what makes the russian democracy flawed has been the ability of putin of changing the rules to his hands , letting him win without actually getting more than 50 % of the votes . 
  elections do n't make a democracy . 
  good for her , now go do something useful in your life for once . 
  left wing populism is rife with racism , prejudice and segregation . 
  you 're a couple of decades behind with your ` let 's end capitalism ' . 
  left wing populists have been a standard in politics in europe for a while , things change every now and then . 
  who knew it would be dangerous . 
  maybe he should 've kept his hands of from other peoples truck and not bother law abiding citizens trying to do a job for a living . 
  then they must be willing to pay for it themselves . 
   the eu does not `` intend to move people to europe . '', 
  it 's main concern is to ( rightly ) prevent people from drowning , which would be morally unacceptable and an international embarrassment . 
   they are n't though , the eu does n't care about people drowning , instead they 're trying to increase the amount of people that drown by incentivizing the attempt . 
   returning people to their country of origin is more difficult , and that is why it is n't being done . 
  i do n't agree with letting the people they save in the med stay in europe , but let 's not pretend like brussels wants this or that there 's a simple , ethical solution . 
  returning is not difficult , they just do n't want to . 
  the uk is probably the worlds ' biggest tax haven with the channel islands , isle of man , bermuda etc. 
   why would poland accept economic migrants from third world countries who have no religious or cultural heritage similar to them . 
  because western politicians want these people here , but their people have been a bit on the fence about it . 
  they figured if they send them of to poland they can still have these people but mitigate a bit of the local opposition . 
  says a person from an even bigger tax parasite , the uk . 
  it is n't , german dutch cooperation only recently started of , because we 've very little in common . 
  it was an exchange because we could n't afford tanks anymore at the current spending and the army protested , and you 're not allowed to field heavy ships like the karel doorman . 
  that sort of military cooperation is nothing new , we 've had american units under our command , and dutch units under british command since the cold war . 
  there can be no such guarantee , the eu intends to move peopleto europe , not stop from doing so . 
  merkel would sleep better . 
   1 million per year would not replace the eu population actually it would if you maintain it . 
   enrichment , i chuckled . 
  bombs , innocent europeans murdered , vandalism , threats , violence , drugs , harassment . 
  you 've a strange idea of enrichment . 
   if they want to have a life they either stay there or go back to where they came from . 
  that 's not a credible threat , europe has so far been unable to deport people . 
   once they 're citizens after many years they can move freely but by that point they will have put down roots wherever they 've lived for the last decade or whatever . 
  h\u00e1 , not even their children and childrens children ever reach that point . 
  we did discuss how . 
  the netherlands did not participate in combat operations over libya . 
  nah , very few want to abolish the netherlands . 
  no they did n't . 
  we 're not allowed to stop mass immigration . 
  that 's a different operation , if you read the article ;  de f-16 's houden onder meer toezicht op het vliegverkeer richting libi\u00eb en vergaren inlichtingen . 
  can you read dutch ? 
  otherwise i 'll translate it for you . 
  but the dutch contribution was non-lethal , only above sea , and stricly intelligence and observation . 
  the country . 
  if you have followed the eu-top , the dutch pm said he wants the least economic damage possible . 
  and you can bet that 's what most here want . 
  you might have also heard the message given that we will not compete with london or try to harm it in any way . 
  poland , hungary , czechia and slovakia want less europe after brexit and more power back to the nations . 
  the visagrad group will present their own view of brexit . 
  so the rest is very divided . 
  as a eurosceptic i should actually hope the eu will try to set in high .
