  the concept is very simple . 
  it 's what comes after 9 months that needs some financial stability . 
   if the babies end up unemployed babies are n't allowed to work in europe , but if they would no doubt there would be lots of baby unemployment in europe . 
  absolutely , especially because part time working is really popular in the netherlands . 
  you can perfectly combine a part-time job while being a mother if you have acess to a day care . 
  ( or grandparents ), 
  you 're making the mistake in thinking it is mutually exclusive , it is n't . 
  they do n't have any decency , morale or ethics , regardless of it being somebody elses sovereignty . 
  spain . 
  elderly homes . 
  because the saudi 's ca n't do anything wrong according to our politicians . 
  it 's an unholy alliance if there ever was one . 
  it 's a matter of having decency , a morale , ethics , or not , clearly they do n't . 
   here i disagree , the way public opinion seems to be working if you want any chance of people listening to it again is to change the name , that 's the way you think public opinion is working . 
  and you 're wrong . 
  the only chance to have people listening to you is to gain trust , lying , decieving and stealing from them is not going to win you trust . 
  nobody trusts politicans anymore , because they are n't to be trusted . 
  their words mean nothing . 
  so they need to put up or shut up , and as things stand they can not show ttip will be beneficial , most likely because it simply wo n't be either . 
   '' the treaty of lisbon is the same as the rejected constitution . 
  only the format has been changed to avoid referendums . ''  val\u00e9ry giscard d\u2019estaing , former french president and president of the constitutional convention in several european newspapers , 27 october 2007 [ 1 ] ( http://www.eudemocrats.org/eud/uploads/downloads/e-lissabon_til_nettet.pdf ), 
  you 're right to an extent , but if the eu had any decency they would n't be merely pointing at them and continueing on as if nothing happened . 
  could you explain the difference between exposure and losses ? 
  and also add numbers about the relevant exposure ? 
  as long as germans alone lay for it that 's up to them . 
  we 'll put the german state into the ec group of troubled states and impose austerity and debt reduction targets should they violate the fiscal compact . 
  agreed , and the state would be freed from the deposit system . 
  if it offers the opportunity to store your digital money safe , be it against low or no interest , the state has met its obligation to ensure a stable monetary system and the rest is up to you . 
  more interest is more risk , that 's why you receive interest a top of capital cost in the first place . 
  investors lose , banks go bankrupt , it 's all the good old idea of a free market . 
  it made some people very rich , exactly as intended . 
  i do n't believe governments should be pouring money mindlessly into commercial organisations unless all profits of these institutions would be given to the state . 
  instead , governments should all individually have made a single state non-profit bank and transfered all the money of account holders into that , and have the market handle the rest . 
  i doubt it , the ecb would likely bail db out so all eurozone citizens xan pay for it . 
  we would have seen financial developments and platforms taking shape that we 're going to see eventually anyway but much later on . 
  everybody will miss you like a tooth ache . 
  banks do n't want to go to the netherlands because of legal limits to bonuses . 
  also their tax rate would be higher than in the uk . 
  no i distance myself from your camp as much as possible . 
  sure sure , it 's terrible . 
  they 're all in danger when they 're told what a welfare check is worth . 
  people can perfectly return to eritrea , they even spend their holidays there even being granted a status . 
  you can try that crap on someone else . 
  we were n't speaking about london , the only sector that lost billions of euro 's was the agricultural sector . 
  and south america has 422 million citizens , which would be a bit more than 4,6 % . 
  about as relevant as your metric . 
   i doubt many of them will be allowed to stay . 
  all of them will be allowed to stay . 
  we do n't deport people save a few dozen to keep up a pretense . 
  we wo n't know , since they were n't asked nor considered . 
  not 4 % , only 0,29 % . 
  how did you come up with 4 % ? 
  the world has 7 + billion people . 
  they would however make up 10-15 % of germany , and considering syrians are less than half of the people currently arriving , they would all make up about 20-30 % of the german population , and swedish , and dutch , and belgian population etc. 
  excuse me sir , but you dropped this ; / s. 
  this time we should try and get a referendum and vote yes . 
  politicians would never ratify it if we voted yes . 
   there were significant differences between lisbon treaty and the constitutional treaty . 
   yes , they were only like 99 % identical , people often forget about that 1 % difference . 
   besides , it makes sense to keep talking . 
  just because one free trade deal was rejected does n't mean there can be no other negotiations until the heat death of the universe . 
  so keep talking , just do n't waste your time changing the name to throw sand in the people 's eyes . 
  i have n't seen much issues deriving from that . 
  we 've several coffee shops downtown , never really a problem coming from there . 
  so it seems to be good business , another reason to legalize production and reap taxes from it . 
  it 's not your responsibility to take these people in . 
  some people invited them , and those who invited them must take care of them . 
  the quota 's are accompanied by a set of supposed rules that will not allow you to deport anyone . 
  basically it does n't matter who you grant asylum or not , whomever choses to settle somewhere will settle there . 
   not to the same degree as the bankers . 
   indeed , but rather to a larger degree as the bankers . 
   if it 's between that and becoming a russian client state , i guess that 'll have to happen . 
  after all , it would not be the first time western european states abandon and betray eastern european ones . 
  we do n't owe you anything , so there 's that . 
  stop saying this shit like ~ ~ western europe ~ ~ serbia is any better . 
  please cut that ~ ~ `` another day in the balkans '' ~ ~ kosovo 's a backwards shithole shit out . 
  but his concerns and criticism have been outed ever since the euro became an idea by various people . 
  however everybody who has critique on the euro is a backward extinct rabid nationalist that has n't seen the way of the ~ ~ force ~ ~ federalism . 
  any person daring to question the one true progress of the european superstate or any given part of it has been made mouth dead since the 1990s . 
  no , the eu treaties do not contain provisions for population replacement or forced ethnic mixing . 
   and as far as i am aware most of these attacks are not from [ ... ] . 
  some of them are and some are n't , in both cases they 're from people with the same origin . 
  those that commit attacks but did not arrive recently are a glimpse into the future of those we let in now . 
  i would vote no , but we 're not given this decision to determine our own future . 
  there are less coming from the netherlands then there are coming from the balkans . 
  in fact , there are more coming from kosovo alone then there are coming from the netherlands . 
  and there has n't been an attack here in years . 
  it is just a proverb , do n't take everything so serious and heavy hearted . 
  / u/executivemonkey is almost always joking around , taking the role of a stereotypical ` redneck ' from tennessee . 
   even the show 's name is in english . 
  names usually sound better in english , because its shorter and tends to have a wider meaning . 
  in dutch we usually have several words that mean the same thing in different contexts , and they all mean something straightforward , not something subject to the readers interpretation . 
  for example ` the voice ' would be ` de stem ' in dutch , and that really does n't sound catchy for a singing contest , in fact people would first think about elections probably not a singing contest . 
  the ` voice of holland ' would be ` de stem van holland ' , which in dutch would literally mean ` the voice of the province ' , in other words something like a majority opinion or words of representatives . 
  does the estonian presidency have much power like in france ? 
  or is it more like czechia and the monarchies were the pm is more important ? 
  you have issues you should adress , no use projecting it on me . 
   no need to be snide . 
  that 's not snide , it 's honesty . 
  since their maidan revolution they 're in the spotlights , prior to that there was no friendship .
