  however you enforce those inside germany is up to you . 
  they 're the vast majority in the north-west of kosovo . 
  if kosovo can secede , so can parts of kosovo . 
  we 've had open borders since ww2 , and coffeeshops have been allowed to sell soft drugs for a quite a while now . 
  tolerating ( larger scale , up to 5 plants is already tolerated ) production as well as sale and possesion wo n't change a lot for the rest . 
   people with common sense . 
  because nl would become drug hotspot of all neighboring countries , thus rendering these countries laws ineffective . 
   that sounds very familiar , i hope you enjoy it when its the other way around for once . 
   you either have to harmonize laws or reintroduce border controls . 
  let it be drugs , guns or other goods you 're welcome to reintroduce border controls if that makes you feel better , and if enough germans want that . 
  if the vvd votes against it , they would need ( at least a couple ) of labour mp 's to back it . 
  i never really understood why vvd opposes it . 
  legalizing production decreases criminality , improves public security and health and increases tax revenue , things the vvd ought to support . 
  who cares about schengen , you guys make your own drug laws , we use ours . 
  you 're free to adopt ours to hamonize though . 
   already produced in the netherlands !, 
  it is . 
   where does it come from then ? 
  from converted attics and other underground places . 
  mostly by tapping of electricity to avoid getting caught on your bills which often is a fire hazard , apart from the fact that placing high wattage heat lighting in enclosed spaces already is . 
  also whenever it 's snowing you 're busted . 
  ( they use helicopters and drones , the first roof without snow on it ( due to the excess heat ) is bingo . 
  and serb kosovars to join serbia . 
  just another day in the balkans . 
   so the answer is too do nothing as russia takes chunk after chunk of europe ? 
  obviously our politicians ( well germany and france ) thought the answer was minsk ii . 
  but now that ukraine refuses to fullfill these agreements we do n't really have an answer ready currently . 
  in any case , doing nothing is still preferable over worsening the conflict . 
   give the ukrainians a fighting chance . 
  they do n't have a fighting chance . 
   they are willing to fight for their soil , lets make it a fair fight you ca n't make this a fair fight . 
   the least we can do as allies instead of standing around with our dicks in our hands and our mouth flapping `` peace , peace , peace plz '' . 
  so are you willing to sign up and step in a c-17 to ukraine to risk your life and limbs over the donbass ? 
  also we 're not allies , 4 years ago you probably did n't even know ukraine existed . 
  that calais thing is really sensitive to you guys is n't it ? 
  has it ever occured to you that ensuring the rule of law inside your borders may prevent critique , or what you call ` shitting on france ' ? 
  because if you ca n't handle critique , you 're going to have a hard life if you are n't very competent in things either . 
  as far as france goes , i love the place , have visited all corners of your country and will continue doing so . 
  but that does n't make it immune to critique for me . 
    well , my friend who works for a major dutch bank has a different impression . 
  tulip farmers , influential though they may be , do n't quite get the same attention from the government as bankers do . 
  and yet it 's the tulip ` farmers ' and other farmers that are harmed by the sanctions . 
   minsk ii has only ever been alive in the minds of european bureaucrats , much like all those endless tonnes of paper wasted on syrian peace negotiations . 
  very well , you guys sort it yourselves then . 
  the f-35 can carry a little less in terms of weight , but has an enclosed bomb storage . 
  this means an armed f-35 will not cause any extra drag , so fuel economy , speed and maneuvarability of an armed f-35 is almost the same as an empty one , as opposed to a rafale , eurofighter or almost all fighter jets that carry their payload under their wings . 
  it also ensures its stealth . 
  anyway you should be able to find information on the dutch deal , we initially invested 800 million euro into the f-35 project , but that 's because we ` rea tier 2 development partner of the f-35 . 
  ( which resulted in a lot of parts being designed and manufactured in the netherlands , but the netherlands will also become a regional maintenance center for all f-35 operators in northern europe ) the partnership eventually ended up with us placing an order for 37 f-35 's for a total cost of 4,5 billion euro . 
  fun fact ; the f-22 was also part of the dutch procurement bid , but lost to the f-35 . 
  ( we did not ask for permission to buy the f-22 , but it was added under the pretext we would if would be considered the best option )  but can carry a little less total weight ( 7 t vs 10t ) actually the f-35a can carry 8,1 ton and the rafale 9,5 ton . 
  but the rafale will see a considerable reduction in its fuel economy , speed and maneuverability , as opposed to the f-35 . 
   tu-160 can be intercepted by modern interceptors such as f-22 , typhoon and rafale . 
  it can also be intercepted by most older twin engined aicraft like f-18c / d/e/f , f-15c / d. 
  gripen is also capable of such interception . 
  none of these planes except the f-22 stands any chance of intercepting a tu-160 . 
   to attempt to prevent interception . 
  you could 've spared the whole story by just saying this sentence . 
  if you want to intercept , you will need to be able to reach its speeds when it is evading you . 
  even mach 1,5 at combat altitude can not be reached by most fighters . 
  for example the f-18 , the jet supposed to defend finland , ca n't reach that speed at these altitudes , not even in slow bursts . 
  and then the tu-160 can still just speed up if needed . 
  your initial response was just ridiculous after you probably read the opening sentence of an rt article , as the ability of the tu-160 to evade interceptors is what makes it such a powerful plane . 
  that 's because that 's the price of an empty unit . 
  then comes the rest , weapon systems , electronics , training , maintenance etc. 
  all-in the f-35 is much cheaper . 
  for comparison , the netherlands bought 37 f-35 's all-in for 4,5 billion euro . 
  no they are n't anymore . 
   on-board cannons have n't been dropped from newer fighter planes after the lack of on-board cannons became a problem in dogfights in the vietnam war . 
  several countries ( among which the netherlands ) wanted a cannon on the f-35 because they 're still often used in cas . 
  they are n't used in dog-fights anymore . 
   cruising speed of tu-160 in hostile area is mach 1,5 . 
  that 's not cruising speed , cruise speed is 960 , that 's just max sustained speed at a certain altitude you did not define . 
  at 12.200 m the tu-160 can sustain a speed of mach 2,05 for pretty long . 
  there are no western fighter jets that can sustain a speed of mach 2 , let alone above . 
  only the f-22 comes pretty close . 
   but in addition to massive wear and tear on the engine , it will cook it 's own arsenal inside its weapon bay within 10 minutes and suffer internal detonation of its own ordnance . 
  so now you understand why ` max speed ' is a ridiculous metric to compare aircraft with . 
  max speed is always only reached with very short bursts . 
  it 's mostly the farmers and agricultural industry ( flowers e.d. ), 
  that were hit by the sanctions , and they would like to be able to do business again , yes . 
  but suit yourself , maybe if minks ii falls and europe 's patience is gone you might rethink your attitude . 
   36 rafale fighter jets from france 's dassault for a reported 7.9 billion euros which makes the rafale about 2x as expensive as the f-35 all-in , while being less capable than either . 
  on-board cannons are used for strafing in cas . 
  when there is n't a ship nearby the rafale will be destroyed before he even realizes there was an f-35 . 
  worse than either . 
  the jungle could be considered a city . 
  if telling the uncomfortable truth is what constitutes ` hate ' to you , i 'll be very hateful to you . 
  so you think me not having witnessed a war first hand changes something about the conflict in the donbass being a low-intensity insurgency warfare ? 
  he has n't seen nothing yet , assuming he 's even from the east of ukraine . 
  seems like a reason to return heavy firepower back to the front . 
  way to go big boy , stoke it up some more . 
  that 's a bad idea , if you give ukraine more capable weaponry , russia will give the ` separatists ' more capable weaponry . 
  they 're not going to lose , they 're going to be strong enough to sustain themselves . 
  as soon as people realize that strategy , they can act accordingly , which means not giving lethal weapons as the only result that will have is more death and destruction . 
  it does n't particularly look like london , in reality it looks more like the movie ` world war z ' . 
  but the french on here are n't to keen to be handling the truth , try driving there , it 's like you arrived in downtown aleppo . 
  looks like we 've got a big boy over here . 
  a selective historical situation simplified and pulled out of context , supposedly in support of an absolutist conviction you hold . 
  nothing good will come of discussing that , and it has no actual bearing to the subject we discussed either .
