   that is what you morality says , not reality . 
   i 'm afraid your reality is non-existent , and that my comment has absolutely no relation to morality . 
   50 % population reduction ? 
  is that before or after aliens abduct us ? 
  i see you 've chosen to make a fool of yourself . 
  is it that bad in greece that they could n't afford even primary education for you ? 
   the concept of culture is dead . 
  sure , sure . 
  it 's only a matter of time before everybody starts to wear the same grey suit , eat only gruel , before music , art and entertainment are gone , and we all live in a square house compartment made of concrete . 
  tell me more about our future marx junior , is it far of yet ? 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions , there you have it , it 's possible . 
  also ; `` hell is full of good meanings , but heaven is full of good works '' . 
  she must be feeling the flames by now . 
   anyway , time will tell how this plays out . 
  there are no simple solutions , and it 's difficult to predict future outcomes . 
  but i believe merkel 's time as chancellor is almost up . 
  actually there are , but because some people are ideologically opposed to the results of ` simple solutions ' they have made the crisis complex and impossible to solve . 
  because many planes would first need to be equiped with transponders . 
  why would you put any effort in that if the rest does n't use them either ? 
  the us does all of that the same . 
  the us also has missile submarines around russia , and is flying nuclear bombers all around russia . 
  and the us may not be looking for excuses to annex someone , your track record of invading countries and toppling governments is n't making you really innocent either . 
   edit : also , we ca n't even defeat russia in our own simulations . 
  not being able to initially defend the baltics is n't exactly a secret . 
  the baltics lack strategic depth and is tucked away between k\u00f6nigsberg , sint petersburg and belarus . 
  there 's also barely any infrastructure present for any large scale military operations . 
  harbours are insufficient , road network are simple and limited , rails are of a different standard , airfields are rare and pretty much useless in case of war because of being far too close to the front . 
  not to bust your bubble , but whenever russia holds an exercize on their lands europe is screaming provocation as well . 
  you should introduce a single standard , military exercise in border regions is provocative , or it is n't . 
  pick one . 
   applying austerity did n't bring you among the richest countries in europe , you already were . 
  correlation does n't imply causation , you know . 
  very well then , it helped maintain it . 
   uhm , in italy it did n't go like that , unlike in spain , greece and ireland . 
  it 's since 2000 we do n't have an gdp growth  2 % . 
  our gdp per capita is the same as 1997 , even greece does n't perform as badly . 
  looking at gdp growth , italy was in trouble before the crisis as we know it . 
  so why did you join in the euro , and even more importantly , stay in the eurozone ? 
   has renzi asked money to you guys ? 
  you tell me , i never hear much about italy politically . 
  the guy i was responding to was talking about introducing eurobonds , obviously that 's borrowing on our creditcard so our money . 
   how do those two even go together ? 
  not having to deal with currency fluctuation in the eurozone seems like a decent advantage . 
   as said we had a higher altitude to fall from . 
  contrary to the south the euro was never beneficial for us , and harmful from the start . 
   also any english source where one can read up on this ? 
   we 've applied this austerity approach since the 1970/80s , it has made us one of the richest countries in europe , and by extension the world . 
   at least he filed all the needed papers , we know who he is , his job , everything . 
  that 's not the requirement for actually recieving a visa , only for applying for one . 
   plus , his country will get a visa-free regime by the end of the year , i hope not . 
   i am just saying that all this strict requirements to obtain a visa for ukrainians are disrespectful . 
  they are n't . 
   while we let other kind of [ ... ] in without blinking an eye . 
  that is wrong , but two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  so it 's not a valid reason to do it for everybody now . 
  good , there 's been increasing public anger and scrutiny of tax evasion , which has apparently reached the people involved with these practices as well , causing these leaks . 
  since about a decade governments have made tax evasion by middle and upper-middle class people impossible , but have so far refused to do the same for the upper class . 
  because your regular joe can no longer evade taxes , there 's practically zero support for tax evasion anymore . 
  it 's a matter of time before the upperclass is going to undergo the same fate . 
  because it 's owned by a handful of families that use it solely to misinform the public . 
  i do n't think german visa rules contain a clause that says ` all olympic medal winners get automatic visa . ', 
  hardly seems news , he needs to conform to the same standards as any other ukrainian , as it should be . 
   that have hired just over 100 [ ... ] since around a million arrived last year . 
  -----  a survey by reuters of the 30 companies in germany 's dax ( db1gn.de ) stock index last week found they could point to just 63 [ ... ] hires in total . 
   of those , 50 were employed by deutsche post dhl ( dpwgn.de ) , which said it applied a `` pragmatic approach '' and deployed the [ ... ] to sort and deliver letters and parcels . 
  they do n't seem to be a particularly desirable workforce by the market . 
  the calls to introduce a lower minimal wage especially for them also indicates they 're not competitive . 
  * had to replace some words with ' [ ... ] ' to avoid comment being censored by automoderator , but you 'll understand what the sentences say . 
  go for it marx junior , grab your toolbox and invent us these robots you speak of . 
  not much different here , the system favours those who have nothing to those that do though . 
  these people will fit in fine with social securities . 
  but if you 're a regular citizen that would end up in social security because of being long-term unemployed or disabled you 're life is going to get ruined . 
  friend of mine was going through a tough period personally , lost his job and could n't get a new one in the mental state he was in . 
  had worked for years and build up a life . 
  he had to sell his almost brand new car and motorcycle and all other things he owned ( including having to refinance his house on 100 % mortgage ) , had to use the money that would bring first and then he could get social security . 
  funny thing is he refused and said he would take care of it himself , the government agency kept harrassing him though even though he refused all benefits on these terms . 
  of course these newcomers will be provided for with all they need . 
  as said , if you have nothing , you 'll have a comfortable life on welfare . 
  if you have build up a life but are going through a tough period , you 're on your own . 
  that 's the gratitude for paying for that very system for years and thinking it was there for you as well . 
  i do n't know if that was the plan , if it was then it was a very poor and pretty stupid plan . 
  yes i did ( well one actually in the south , italy ) , thank the east for that . 
  what on earth was that guy doing anyway ? 
  nice attitude you have there marx junior . 
   private vehicles cause little wear and intra-european transport well non-private vehicles have maut . 
   just because germans are dying out . 
  it 's not just germans . 
  italy , spain portugal have the same fertility rate as germany ( about 1 child per woman , so pretty much a 50 % population reduction in a lifetime ) the east is dying as well . 
  north and northwestern europe is dying at a much slower rate ( netherlands , denmark , sweden etc. 
  have just below 2 children per woman ) i think there 's only one country in europe that is not slowly dying , and that 's france . 
  they have just enough children to sustain their current population . 
   if germany were to switch sides in that argument , that rule might not remain as rigid as it may be now . 
  then there would n't be a eurozone anymore . 
   with our society slowly dying of old age it woud be the young of southern europe that would pay into that ... euhm , southern europe is dying at pretty much the same rate as germany . 
  only north-western states still have a couple of children ( sweden , finland , norway , uk , netherlands , ireland , denmark , france ) but even these are all below and just 1 or 2 barely on self replenishment . 
  the east , the south and central europe is dying , the rest is as well but a much slower rate . 
   to be honest , forming the united states of europe would probably be more beneficial for about half of europe , and harmful to the other half . 
  returning to nationstates is more beneficial for that other half , and one just started that road . 
   population growth is not the same as economic growth . 
  it is n't , but either are tied to each other .
