  you put the missile battery itself in a valley , and two-three radar units on high/open spots . 
   vulnerable to long range artillery and standoff missiles . 
  good point , but it 's a coast , long range artillery and standoff missiles will be vulnerable themselves to counter artillery and warships . 
  i 'm guessing during an occupation of gotland sweden would avoid open conflict , and appease the situation . 
   but on a much , much smaller scale . 
   because larger scale usually fails . 
  nobody is stopping us from doing it on a larger scale now , except our inability to cooperate efficiently , which will of course plague such a ` european army ' even more than it does us now . 
   you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the one who does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  every argument you 've given so far fails to make a case . 
  do n't grab the plane just yet , i think the good weather spree of the last two weeks is ending tomorrow or tonight depending on where in the country you 're . 
  we pool money to develop and acquire military technology and equipment together already , so again no benefits . 
  it will not save money , in fact it will cost more money as we create even more bureaucracy and more duplication . 
  working at home today , but it 's already 9:30 am here . 
  beautiful weather , sunny around 30 degrees celsius , it 's perfect spending the morning in the garden with a colony of birds in the trees singing , pale blue sky , and the wind gushing through the leaves . 
  i do n't underestimate it much , it just is n't much . 
  you 're right either countries has a different doctrine , the netherlands has an expeditionary army . 
  but poland is n't much , i 'm sure the numbers look good , but when it 's about what is actually operable , the state and age of equipment , and how its operated it all goes downhill very fast . 
  or that it carries a stigma . 
  many swedes for example hate their country , if you serve or have served they may really dislike you . 
  but pay plays a role as well as secondary labour terms . 
  i 've seen people in the netherlands who served a couple of years to get a helicopter license , or airplane license , or car and truck license . 
  you have to be a bit lucky in the airforce to get through , but it 's not rare . 
  pay is quite good here . 
  ( just like with the police , you get paid right away even when going to military school ), 
  no , not only . 
  just not in the minds of people who already like her and look for any angle to confirm their bias . 
  poland ... that 's hilarious . 
  they 've managed to keep one frigate afloat . 
  all the rest was less lucky . 
  you ca n't always hide behind ` point of view ' or ` opinion ' . 
  she has no regard for germany 's future , her career stands testament . 
  i do n't expect you to even know what a conclusion is , let alome being in a position to make a ` valid ' one . 
   how do you know she does n't care about what she leaves behind ? 
  by her actions . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  i like to think people have a biological clock regarding children , some start to tick at 20 and others at 30 . 
  attitudes change then . 
  i hope so at least . 
  so you should n't have children . 
  would probably comfort a lot of us . 
  because most are still children themselves . 
   bill cash . 
  obviously someone with that name is made for politics . 
  it 's not that unappropiate , perhaps the amount is , but the difference between no children and children is relevant . 
  merkels lack of children could explain her apathy for germany 's future . 
  she 's not leaving anything for her children , so does n't really care what she leaves behind . 
  i do n't see why not , it 's fairly big , and most importantly , hilly . 
  i would not be surprised , france has a lot of historical , linguistic , political and economic/financial connection to africa . 
  this is not an insult or negative thing at all , i very much appreciate france . 
  regularly visit it and have seen much of it ( i 've left france merely 2 weeks ago ) , from bordeaux to marseille to lyon to straatsburg to paris and caen i 've been in all corners and always enjoy it . 
  i have a lot of respect for the french . 
  but we need to stay realistic , this does n't mean we should be the same country . 
  we should enjoy our friendship , respect our differences , and not enter a forced and abusive marriage . 
   i do n't remember us having big historical link , when i think about it . 
  not very positive ones . 
  you invaded the netherlands together with britain and parts of germany in 1672 . 
  you all lost . 
  second attempt was more succesful , you peacefuly annexed the netherlands under napoleon for a couple of years ( 1795-1812 ) until napolean was banished , and beaten at waterloo after he returned . 
  the newly regained independence of the netherlands merged with belgium and luxemburg ( then mostly french speaking as opposed to now majority dutch ) . 
  15 years later the belgians revolted , the netherlands invaded and this military campaign went so succesful that the belgians asked the french for help . 
  the netherlands withdrew avoiding a conflict with france and belgium was born in 1839 . 
  luxemburg was later lost due to us getting a queen and luxemburg having laws that only allows kings . 
  that 's about it probably , apart from the french that fled to the netherlands because of religious persecution in france . 
  and i should probably add that we both supported the us war of independence . 
  ( something positive ? 
  if that 's what you think , be my guest . 
  despite not reaching the 2 % , it 's the 6th largest defense budget in the eu . 
  ` is preferable over a european army ' . 
  if you quote the entire sentence , it may be easier to comprehend . 
  there 's a group blaming ukraine . 
  it 's a really long story and i can only cover fragments in this already quite long reply , basically the government ( the pm ) said they would ` bring the bottom stone up ' ( de onderste steen boven ) it 's a dutch proverb for saying they 'll find out everything they can . 
  what we see is that the government is silent , presumably covering up , providing documents that are basically empty sheets of paper and missing deadlines . 
  so our government is n't going to tell us what happened , who did it , why etc. 
  another thing is the following ; it 's rumoured that after russia deployed heavy anti-air to eastern ukraine that ukraine started to use commercial airlines as cover for their fighter jets . 
  because their jets were coming down like rain , they would shadow commercial airliners so that the russians could n't fire . 
  this is also used as an argument as of why ukraine did not close its airspace above the east eventhough they knew the russians/rebels had heavy anti-air before mh17 . 
  ukraine also called a gathering of international diplomats to tell them that heavy anti-air ( anti air that can hit a civilian airliner at cruising height , and hit a ukrainian plane at 7km a couple of days prior ) . 
  neither we nor they closed the airspace , while we were flying airplanes at 10km in a region where missiles were used to shoot at planes that could reach as high as 15km 's . 
  now some argue that the ukrainian authorities rerouted mh17 and that the ukrainian jet , claimed by russia to be there , was using mh17 as cover , while the authorities diverted mh17 where they needed their jet to go to . 
  to make this more complicated ; ukraine does not share raw radar data . 
  this could prove that mh17 was rerouted , however according to kiev all ukrainian radar stations were off due to maintenance on that particular day . 
  now i `` m not vouching for the authenticity of any of these claims , but it looks shady . 
  quite possibly the truth is less straight forward than we 're currently thinking , so neither want to really say what happened . 
  so during elections our pm will be called out on his ` bottom stone up ' again , as he did n't deliver , and families of the deceased have done a lot of things like sueing our government , but also contacting the ukrainian government . 
  they also feel the government did n't do enough in the immediate aftermath . 
  we at home thought that the russians/rebels/locals were disrespecting and ruining the crash site , which was only part true . 
  what happened is that the dutch government gave strict orders not to speak or work with the russians/rebels , as it did not recognize them as a state . 
  naturally the crash site was in their hands , not ukraine 's . 
  they should 've put the deceased above political games , and either have gone in militarily as they first planned , or work with the rebels . 
  that could work . 
  but the netherlands was the hardline of nato in the cold war . 
  our contribution to the creation of nato was the scheldelinie , a still mostly secret intricate defense network created after ww2 ( and activated once during the cuban missile crisis ) inspired by historic equivelances in the netherlands . 
  basically we only need to hold out 4-5 days and we 're an island . 
  nato 's defense was to have western germany and the netherlands skirmish the russian army and follow an organized retreat to fortress holland during which a counter offensive was to be assembled in the uk . 
  the retreat would last until fortress holland where a final defense would be mounted behind the flooded land . 
  absolutely . 
  both the dutch navy and airforce is currently more powerful than the german one . 
  the german land forces are more numerous , but the netherlands is near impossible to conquer since we can flood 3/4 of the country if we need to . 
  we 're long past that .
