  uhm fuck you , and we will provide for ourselves thank you . 
  businesses would mostly lose debt , not money . 
  businesses will suffer far less from a bank collapse then they will from the perpetual crisis . 
  we were blockaded in ww1 as well , but it was n't an existential problem since we were self sufficient regarding our basic needs . 
  i think that 's a profitable exchange for many . 
  for the regular people they wo n't notice anything , up to 100.000 euro is insured . 
  for other people they might lose some of their deposit , but they also lose their mortgage and other debt . 
  for the majority of people it would be a profitable situation . 
  much more profitable than the alternative , pay corrupt imcompetent crooks so that the 1 % can remain as wealthy as they are . 
  at least they 're selling it , not giving it away with included welfare like germany . 
  hungary 1 , germany 0 . 
  without the japanese indonesia would likely have become peacefuly independent like suriname much later . 
  and japan would not have invaded if we would 've lifted the oil and rubber embargo in exchange for neutrality . 
  of course it 's an option , and it 's going to be less worse than 2008 , since we can build for a better future when they 're going belly up , not remain hanging on a thread with a gun to our head until the next bail-out . 
  it will have to happen at some point , it is not stupid at all . 
  we ca n't keep rewarding incompetence and financing thiefs with community funds because they 're holding a gun to our head . 
  let them go bankrupt , let 's take the hit now , because in 10 years we 'll be in the same spot , and again , and again . 
  let 's go forward instead of remaining in limbo . 
  there was recently a quite good movie from the netherlands about the ` disaster year ' ( rampjaar ) and michiel de ruyter . 
  ( one of our most notable historical characters , he 's sometimes credited to being the person that kept us together ) [ this is that ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2544766/ ) movie . 
  the disaster year was in 1672 when germany , france and the uk all banded together to invade the dutch republic . 
  though the war was a success ( the british fleet was routed , the french armed forces did n't come further than the border forts and were flooded , and the germans were routed in the north as well ) this is generally considered the end of the golden age ( de gouden eeuw ) despite being a military succes . 
  as you see most of the dates above are in the 17th century , we became independent from spain in 1584 , and that period until 1672 is known as the golden age . 
  the movie might shed quite some insight into notable dutch history ( the orangists , the ` republicans ' ( staatsen ) , the public mutilation of the white brothers , the suicide expedition of michiel de ruyter etc. ), 
  apart from that i can not recommend any particular books , just subjects , and regarding the america 's the wic would be your go to ( it is the lesser known brother of the voc ) , and of course the voc . 
  the 18th century and 19th century was a rather bad period , ending up in the french rule over the netherlands from 1795-1815 , the unification of belgium and the netherlands in 1815 after the final fall of napoleon until 1823-1830 with the belgian revolution and the near war with france . 
  in that era the netherlands was more or less subject to british dominion over trade and the seas , which the british had acquired from us following the disaster year . 
  more specifically , following the disaster year the netherlands invaded the uk and placed the dutch sovereign on the british throne . 
  this had the uncomfortable effect of moving many finances and assets to the uk , leading to the eventual reduction of dutch hard and soft power . 
  the orange color in the irish flag still represents william of orange . 
  so if you 're interested in the wide picture of our colonial history 1584-1672 would be your period of interest . 
  there must be quite some books about that . 
  war is n't always the strongest side winning . 
  people would n't be fighting wars if it was that way . 
  you can have a highly effective fighting force with just a few 10s of thousands that can hold an army with 100s of thousands at bay . 
  romania and bulgaria probably still have a lot stashed away from the soviets . 
  a lot of countries have vast storage of spare equipment for mobilization . 
  if the russians occupy gotland you ca n't do a lot anymore either . 
  key is to make sure they ca n't , or will need days to do it . 
  regardless , in war-time your politicians will be brushed aside . 
  if shit gets real the military is given control . 
   and should be decided by population itself in some kind of referendum , so that people that are n't going to serve will vote for those that would . 
  no this is not a subject for a referendum . 
  best defense of the baltics is guerilla warfare though , a large number of conscripts and basic equipment is exactly what makes that succesful . 
  $ 5 per day is less than what you earn as a 12 year old clearing peoples driveway of snow though . 
  depends how you look at it , i do n't think it 's temporary slavery , however i think people should be given a choice . 
  regardless , we 've consctription as well , luckily we just do n't have mandatory attendance anymore . 
  but in war-time i and nobody else really has a choice , unless you want to go to prison or manage to sneak out of the country . 
  sweden can do more with 4000 troops than estonia with 4000 though . 
  they were no switserland though . 
  we nearly made that as well had the germans not wasted our streak in 1940 . 
   that we rent the whole norwegian goverment to manage the country for a few years . 
  that wo n't help you much if you do n't include their gas and oil in the rental agreement . 
  you mexicans will like him , when he was young he was so drunk that he drove his car into a pond . 
  they 're not , sam systems are a highly regulated weaponsplatform , nearly as strict as nuclear weapons . 
  for this exact reason , you do n't want them going around conflicts . 
  sending this system to ukraine was extremely irresponsible , having a few russian drunkards shoot at anything that moves is downright evil . 
  i doubt the european committee on furthering equality and gender studies would approve of such a name . 
  why is it not named ` female 2020 project ' ? 
  i feel like we 're missing some people after the mexican invasion . 
  is everybody accounted for ? 
  where are you ? 
  nice excuse for mass murder due to negligence . 
  all people can be held to a certain standard , they knew perfectly well there were civilian airliners flying over them , and that by shooting without thinking they could be firing at a civilian jet . 
   it is higher command 's responsibility to provide restraint and control . 
  which they did n't . 
  it is n't , it is higher commands responsibility to not provide these kind of systems at all . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/lijst_van_nederlandse_koloni%c3%abn_en_handelsposten ) of all the former colonies . 
  it apparently lists central america separate ; * san juan ( 1625 ) * sint kruis ( saint croix ) ( 1625-1650 ) * thortolleneiland ( tortola ) ( 1648-1672 ) * anegada ( 16 ? 
  ? -1680 ) * saint thomas ( 1657-1672 ) * virgin gorda ( 1628-1680 ) * anguilla * aruba ( 1636-1805/1815 - ) * cura\u00e7ao ( 1634-1805/1815 - ) * bonaire ( 1633-1805/1815 - ) * sint maarten ( ned . ), 
  ( 1620-1633 / 1644-1648 * sint eustatius ( 1636 - ) * saba ( 1620s/1640 -1816 - ) * trinidad en tobago : * nieuw walcheren ( tobago ) ( 1628-1677 ) * honduras : * trujillo ( 1623 ) * baai-eilanden and to complete the lists of the america 's , there were colonies in ; * venezuela * brazil * chile * french guyana * suriname * columbia * guyana, 
   yes , but a buk telar does n't query a civilian transponder . 
  when i say it queries an aircraft for a code i mean an actual military code . 
  it can . 
  so if it did n't , that 's massive negligence . 
   it is not interested in the identity of the aircraft , just where it is `` ours '' or not . 
  that 's some irresponsiblity there , firing a fucking sam to god knows what . 
  you think they also made bets as to what they were going to hit ? 
  thanks . 
  mode 1 and 3 ( a ) communicate aircraft type . 
  if you defect your family will be brought to the work camps in the best case scenario . 
  xvith century more accurately . 
  ( 1586 i believe ) . 
   we do n't really have an immediate need for a strong standing military . 
  but when you do , you have nothing either . 
  in the us they would train you to do that . 
  not everywhere in europe though . 
  apparently there was enough time for multiple ` calls to stop ' , so there was enough time for a non-lethal shot . 
  no argument there , it is true . 
  but they want assad gone , and they armed the ones they thought could do that for them . 
  did n't turn out very well . 
  ( and would n't have if it succeeded either ), 
  accept king willem alexander as your rightful ruler , and he 'll bring you pils . 
  new amsterdam was part of the dutch colony called new netherlands , which was [ roughly this ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/althistory/images/d/dc/map_of_new_netherland_ ( 13_fallen_stars ) . png/revision/20111213163833 ) . 
  ( fun fact ; names like ` wallsstreet ' ( muurstraat ) , ` broadway ' ( breedeweg ) , ` mullholland ' etc. 
  all come from the dutch . 
  wallstreet , which probably everybody knows , was were the wall of the dutch fort was . ), 
  the netherlands shortly had a colony in canada as well , dutch [ acadia ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/nl/nederlands_acadi%c3%ab ), 
  so no manpads , as i said . 
  the problem with manpads is the same with all the other weapons , once you give them to extremists , they 'll be floating around these regions for years , decades , to come .
