  i love tech as well , i build/repair/sell / recycle computers , screens etc. 
  since i 'm 13 as a hobby . 
  when i was young i always use to open things up , needed to know how it works and it could keep me fascinated for hours . 
  i always like to read tech news and latest developments as well ( in the netherlands we 've a quite substantial community on tweakers.net ) it helps seeking similar minded people to hang out with though , you 're not the only ` nerd ' around , and every person needs social interaction . 
  as for football i probably care as much about that as you , with the exception of international cups . 
  it 's fun and fraternising to cheer for the country with a load of people you do n't know . 
   what does have to do with being a spaniard . 
  nothing really . 
  both technically want the same , so working together makes sense . 
  i think there would be a lot of support for some curbs in inter-eu migration here as well , if you guys manage to set a precedent we may move to more sustainable systems in the eu . 
  the uk leaving would also open a massive discussion about the eu budget , whatever it 's going to be , the uk is going to leave a hole in it , even it would remain part of the single market . 
  a good time as any to discuss the interstate transfers . 
  after all many consider these hand-outs to eastern governments as compensation for their youth leaving , if we curb immigration a bit we can curb these hand-outs as well . 
  because we 're not paying for the tantrums of eastern governments . 
  our trade with the uk is more than with entire eastern europe combined . 
  10 % of our exports go to the uk and 7 % of our imports come from the uk , that 's a total trade of around 100 billion dollar per year , making it our third largest trading partner in the world if the east wants to play hard ball , they should pay for these games themselves . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/nld/#exports ), 
   1 country is enough . 
  it is n't . 
   and eastern europe in particular does n't seem too fond of the idea to allow the uk access to the single market without freedom of movement . 
   and the west is n't fond of losing economic benefits . 
  in the end the easterners have little to want for , if we suffer economic damage because of them , we 'll rectify it from their free funds . 
  in fact , the east is going to get cut either way if the uk leaves the single market . 
   and switzerland was hoping that brexit would be that precedent . 
  the swiss question will be solved by another referendum . 
  the eu wo n't cave in . 
  no they did n't , as the deadline is coming up soon . 
  even pre-referendum nobody expected any sort of deal to materialize before 2018 . 
  the eu does n't want to negotiate , so switserland will impose migration barriers to eu citizens in a couple of months . 
  then it 's above or below for the eu . 
  agreed , it 's also the reason people first returned to the antiquity after putting an end to the dark ages . 
   just 25 more countries that can prevent a deal that favors the uk . 
  there are n't 25 countries that want to make brexit hard in the first place . 
  some countries are already annoyed by the german and french childish politics regarding london , frankfurt and paris . 
   mark my words : there wo n't be full single market participation if the uk does n't grant full freedom of movement for workers . 
  depends , pretty sure london is eagerly awaiting the swiss question . 
  it could set a precedent . 
  so you 're just a boring person . 
  maybe you just do n't desire social contact or fraternisation . 
  it could be natural , not all people want as much social interaction as the other , or maybe you 're depressed . 
  it 's good of you to try and talk about it , not sure it 's the correct media , but i think the real question here is wether your feeling to not belong anywhere or to anyone is part of your personality or due to a set of circumstances in your life that may have made you numb and depressed . 
  in any case , all people need a hobby ( ies ) , something they 're passionate about , something that motivates and invigorates them , makes them satisfied and find joy . 
  but what makes you feel joy in life ? 
  socrates is n't medieval . 
   yeah we had catholic schools and protestant schools . 
  and catholic churches and protestant churches . 
  often very near each other . 
  by the 60s and 70s they made cross denomination schools . 
  that was quite normal in europe in these times . 
  there 's a church close to my home that 's tucked away behind houses because it was a reformed church it was not allowed to be seen from the streets of a protestant neighbourhood . 
  this kind of religious segration was the normal of that day , what we did n't have though was the violence . 
  but we had separate schools for every religious group , separate tv and radio channels , separate political parties to vote on etc. 
  regressivists like you are not something solely from the modern time , they were around then as well . 
  back then you would 've protected the right of whites being allowed to sit without blacks , now you advocate reintroducting segregation and discrimination into the school system . 
  that 's why they want an eu police force , to prevent the turks from doing that again . 
  this would n't have happened in m\u00e4lmo . 
  no that was all business as usual , it 's foreign policy that displaced some of them though . 
  when those white people wanted to seat without blacks they were probably protected by people like / u/problemy for doing so . 
  of course they can , they always have the state coffers available if things do n't go well . 
  a good reason to do it . 
   people in lesbos are on the brink to riot themselves and throw everybody out of the island . 
  they should 've have done that ages ago . 
  also , throw the ngo 's after them . 
  alright , let me know when to go to the airport to wave them out . 
  what do you think happens if we all declare neutrality , all just go bankrupt and hold up our hands , abolish our armed forces , send 12 soldiers and a converted fishing trawler on a peace mission , and lower our tax rate as a result of that ? 
  ireland is a country that never managed to become an adult state . 
  in the current position it has access to a lot of benefits from an organisation created and upheld by other people who do contribute something . 
  if it 's not ready to become an adult state , perhaps the access to these benefits should be discussed . 
  oh you poor kids suffering , i had no idea , why do n't you vote for a party that wants to withdraw ? 
  the european commission is not a democratic institution , they 're immune to critique . 
  as for the german government i do n't know , they get away with a lot of things they should n't . 
  it helps when you have control over the media as well i guess . 
  both cases include eu politicians , the european commission and german government were aware of the scandal well before it became a problem . 
  they approved of it . 
  slovakia will tell you pesky brits what it means to vote out , endangering their free monies and high income sanctuary . 
  i bet half of london has it running thin through their pants . 
  here , you [ dropped something ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/no-true-scotsman ) . 
  agreed , they 're not identical , but it does n't make much difference . 
  the unethical and damaging part is what gets people riled up in both cases . 
  would no doubt make fine real estate as well . 
  if corporations not paying taxes is a precondition to a military alliance then bye , do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 
  being agreed to by ` host ' nation ( read location of a mailbox ) , which is n't the entity to even agree to such a thing , does not change it being unethical and damaging . 
  of course they did . 
  some important context ; deir al-zor is a very small military enclave ( basically a syrian airbase with some exterior defense ) in the middle of a vast area controlled by is . 
  the attack on syrian army personnel there was no mistake . 
  the legality of that agreement may be in doubt . 
  if they had to pay more than they did , then they will be presented by a bill . 
  welcome to the life of a commoner , corporations wo n't like it , but that 's how we get shit down here . 
  you want to know what happens to a common company that does n't pay taxes ? 
  pretty sure mcdonals is n't eager to find out , but all their buildings and other property may create lots of room to convert to real estate and be sold on execution auctions . 
  if they do n't pay taxes , then no longer allow them to use utilities . 
  so that they ca n't use our roads , ca n't register vehicles , ca n't use legal institutions , firefighters will let their buildings burn down , water gas and electricity will be decoupled , criminals have a blanc card , police wo n't respond to them etc. 
  see how long they hold out , and if they maybe change their mind on taxes , or like too continue this way . 
  they 're both unethical and damaging , there is n't that much difference . 
  that 's fine too , as long as taxes owed are paid . 
  the 12,5 % is unfair as well , it 's being maintained by being bailed out by others , not having an army or foreign policy and a bunch of other stuff . 
  if we all would act like that europe would be a mess . 
  i 'm all for tax competition between states , but only fair competition . 
  shall we disclose that ireland was neutral ? 
  or is it too soon ?
