  the next leader will be a putin henchman . 
  otherwise putin ca n't abdicate and enjoy his pension as any opponent could put him away in a jail or add a funny flavour to his breakfast . 
  welsh are a minority , if they have the wrong opinions they 're misled and need affirmative action to overcome them . 
  looks like someone ca n't handle a joke . 
  ukraine did n't need to be invaded , in fact they offered military assistance and access if we wanted to secure the crash site . 
  a military operation was in the cards at the beginning , troops were mobilized and plans were there , but it soon became clear that this operation would face russian regulars on the field , and deemed to be too dangerous . 
  would n't have made much difference . 
  maybe extradition if they have names , and provided these people are still alive . 
  but it 's unlikely to be granted . 
  best result this investigation can yield is to try and find out how this can be prevented from ever happening again . 
  they need to nothing , that 's up to them to decide . 
  average citizens of their age do n't even know either of them . 
   where refugees from bosnia-herzegovia left or were made to leave the country within an acceptable timeframe . 
  same goes for other countries that took refugees from there . 
  if people had any trust in that , there would practically be no opposition to temporarily housing refugees in designated camps . 
  but of course we all know this is n't going to happen , these people are here to stay . 
   might at least be more efficient than what exists now . 
  the eu ca n't cooperate , it 's an inept divisive platform that has played its role . 
  it will only worsen military matters even more . 
  militaries is the thing that makes a state independent , absolving it for a bureaucratic , inept , corrupt army will be the end of our statehood . 
  that 's not something to be taken lightly , especially not when you consider what it is that 's going to replace our states . 
  sides of a debate . 
  there are two aristocratic corrupt federalists of the old order sitting there . 
  that 's not a debate , might as well have had the journalist talking to a tape recorder . 
   but we have to start somewhere that 's for every individual to decide . 
  the only thing i think we need to start is to dismantle parts of the union , not create more inept , divided and money squandering bureacracies to make our lives yet a bit more worse . 
  ca n't have opposing views in the eu , we all know there 's only one way forward . 
  step 1 and 3 are contradictory . 
   as having two carrier is kind of mandatory for proper usage that 's probably why france wanted a nuclear carrier , to increase operational time . 
  but while two carriers is kind of mandatory to have a navy battlegroup always at the ready , two different types of carriers are n't the most efficient way to go about that . 
  better to have two of the same , operate one for 6months , while you maintain and train personnel on the other , and swap around after 6months . 
  in war time you can have two carriers available , and in peace time one is n't draining a lot of the budget . 
  some abs systems allow for the sensitivity to be set , sounds like a bit of a way around it for manufacturers . 
  but yes it 's ridiculous , one should decide on its own wether to activate or deactivate abs . 
  that 's considering that unlike with cars , abs is n't even standard on motorcycles yet . 
  so it 's going to drive up costs as well . 
  thanks again eu . 
   there are factions in canada that are anti-monarchist , notably the french canadians . 
  it being unneccesary is up to the canadians . 
  i would fine it preposterous if i was canadian . 
  it 's probably not expensive or complex either , one just needs support . 
  it could be night somewhere in france . 
  we do n't know know where in france he/she 's from , is it caledonia ? 
  reunion ? 
   uhh ... of course we did . 
  we had two request , nuclear powered and catobar . 
  the british argued against nuclear , and we could ultimately have found a deal one way or the other , but then the british moved on to `` protect '' the f35 project ( huge for several uk companies , in particular bae ) at a time it was in trouble with some countries having talk of pulling back . 
  as a result , they took catobar out of it , which had a cost of a couple hundred millions ( for ships with a per unit cost of over 3 billion ) . 
  that meant absolutely no modern fighting plane other than the f35b can land on it . 
  it was my observation that all this happened after the french withdrew . 
  and i 'm not talking about the initial idea to build one carrier class for both countries ( that failed ) but rather the uk would use qe fleet carrier , and the second was to be used by both the uk and france . 
   it also left france with only one carrier , france only has one carrier anyway . 
  unless you count the helicopter carriers , but these would 've been there regardless . 
  o great , another case of victim blaming . 
  ` if europeans did n't want to explode at airfields , or be knifed and shot for what they write and draw , they should n't have worn such short skirts ' we basically asked for it . 
  i approve , ireland seems like a small price to pay . 
  it would , but if you do n't want to spend money you should n't be managing a government or company . 
  they 're already build , just not in use . 
  and then we should subsidies them , germany subsidizes even their brown coal plants , we either need massive tarriffs on german energy dumping or subsidies for our own producers . 
   its a problem for large factories as they pay the market price directly with little to no taxes on it . 
  ( commercial ) companies are only exempt from btw , not accijns . 
  yes . 
  they 're skirting them now with the agreement to on occasion make use of the dutch zr . 
  ms. karel doorman , they 're not allowed to have those as well . 
  oh , i forgot to laugh , perhaps it just was n't funny . 
  and they have a point . 
  they can field american naval planes , and why would they field french planes , france after all cancelled its plan to cooperate with the british on the new aircraft carriers . 
  that 's the economical reserve . 
  we ca n't empty gass wells all the way , depending on their depth and soil , due to the pressure . 
  if that 800bcm is gone , then it would have around 50 % of its original capacity . 
  with currently used technologies it can not be emptied anymore than that . 
  with new ideas , like pumping our co2 back into the gas caverns to replace the natural gas we extract , we could theoratically empty it a lot more , and also reduce the amount of co2 we add to the atmostphere . 
  they seem more fun than the remnant of the post-soviet states to add to our glorious reich . 
  i 've seen them mostly in montenegro and cyprus , do they have other places ? 
   i have lived in the netherlands , you get an english climate sadly  it 's a bit better than england luckily . 
  mind you , we 've had a beautiful september now . 
  + / - 20-23 degrees pale blue sky past week . 
  perhaps not on the climate , though as mentioned by / u/javelinnl this is an excuse everybody could hide behind , but you shoud realize coal plants have other more directly harming effects , like dumping mercury , arsenicum , lead and other heavy metals in the direct vicinity . 
  those are poisonous to you and me , and animals and plants . 
  i care less about co2 than i do about directly poisoning our own environment . 
  we could also replace it a 100 % with gas plants ourselves . 
  gas is a much cleaner source than coal . 
  they 've handled that issue monstrously . 
  quietly they 've thrown all valves open to offset some of the costs of the financial crisis . 
  okay we all benefitted from that , but now they walk away from their responsibility . 
  and unfortunately for groningen , the issue with the earth quakes will not just stop even if they stop extracting gas completely . 
  however new technologies could allow the extraction of gas without additional caving in of the ground . 
  it would just require some investments and innovation , but energy independence are absolutely worth that . 
  the government could offset that by decreasing taxes . 
  what privatizations ? 
  the dutch government has its hands very deep in the energy networks and production . 
  they 're often ` private ' companies , but solely owned by the central and local governments . 
  and they build gas-fired plants like in limburg ( most efficient gas plant in the world i believe ) , just never used them as germany is heavily subsidizing energy production and needs a place to dump excess power . 
  france is very reliant on nuclear energy , nuclear energy does n't scale very well . 
  they often produce too much and need to export it , and often produce too little and need to import again . 
  i would crank up the thermostate and buy a gas guzzling chevy if it also brought more sun . 
  you could catch co2 emitted by gas plants , and use it to deplete gas wells to a much further level by storing the co2 in there . 
  it 's not the egg of columbus , but it 's a way to bridge a period until we find a way to store energy in large quantities . 
  you can empty groningen once you find a way to keep the pressure equal . 
  there have been some ideas , for example by pumping co2 back into the gas field at the same rate you extract natural gas out .
