sounds awful . 
  have fun with that . 
  american wi-fi so much better . 
  i 'm pretty sure we americans just talk too loudly , and what is wi-fi ? 
  that makes zero sense from google . 
  anybody can translate real one in croatian ? 
   it 's just that their opinion does n't change anything , will be published anyway . 
  which is kinda undesirable ... 
   hyperbolic is incorrect by definition . 
  yes ... 
  i was reiterating that you were wrong . 
  i 'm comparing the 2nd biggest city in the uk to south european capitals and 2nd cities like barcelona and milan . 
  what i 'm saying is that comparing cities is a red herring . 
  i was talking about uk vs. those european countries . 
  ( and yes , the terminology for * country * gets a little whacky in the uk , but it 's effectively a comparable entity ) ... 
   yeah , i 've been a bit hyperbolic there  that 's not hyperbolic , that 's just incorrect . 
   birmingham ( 2nd highest gdp in england and uk ) is actually the 11th european city with higher gdp , behind cities like madrid & barcelona ( 3rd and 4th ) , lisbon , rome and milan . 
  you 're comparing birmingham to 3 capitals and two historically affluent cities . 
  that 's like me comparing my hometown to marrakesh and making the point that morocco is in better shape than the u.s. ... you can not compare apples to oranges . 
   you 'd still see only england ( and only london really ) is ahead . 
  england ( minus london ) < greece ? 
  just on different train tracks , whichever one is better is irrelevant . 
  yeah right , as if spain , italy , greece , france , etc. 
  are actually in cars * ahead * of the uk ... 
  i get the pro-europe sentiment , but this is a stupid graphic . 
  what / u/caixagordinha meant to say way she heard `` portugu\u00e9s es un dialecto de espa\u00f1ol '' and understood it because it 's ** so fucking close ** to `` portugu\u00eas \u00e9 um dialeto de espanhol . '', 
  maybe if you 've never talked to rural , uneducated , or extremely conservative germans . 
  if you 've never been to germany ( or only toured big cities like berlin , frankfurt , hamburg , nuremberg , munich , etc ) , then that view makes sense . 
  germans are typically socially liberal , but that is not the rule and no country is a monolithic socially liberal paradise ( excepting sweden , of course ), 
  you do n't get it . 
  technically not , but that was n't my point . 
  you misunderstood what i said as well . 
  god , you 're thick . 
  i did n't say they 're interchangeable . 
  i said it is perfectly legitimate to substitute the word * europe * for the * eu * . 
  eh ... debatable , but i respect your opinion . 
  i personally find trump more destructive than constructive , though . 
  yeah , this type of metonymy exists in every language . 
  it 's just a normal thing that happens . 
  if it 's completely understood by 99 % of people ( except morons and pedants ) , then it 's the right term . 
  in fact , in english at least , the oxford dictionary allows * the european union * as one of the several definitions of [ europe ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/europe ) . 
  so , you 're just wrong on top of being pedantic . 
  to each his/her own . 
  germany is more than berlin , but the newspapers will talk as if * berlin * made a decision . 
  99 % of readers will understand that it means the german government . 
  likewise , when talking about the euro , the word europe should be understood to mean the e.u. 
  i think it 's pretty clear , unless you 're being pedantic for no reason . 
  everyone understands that not every country in europe uses the euro . 
   most of the people of the us there are still some people really excited about this shit . 
  that 's why he/she said , `` secretly . '', 
  there 's a policy of loyal dissent , but public support of policy . 
  they can professionally route up any differences they may have with policy through formal chains , but they 're not going to blurt that shit out . 
  it would be unprofessional . 
  you 're 100 % right . 
  not even a spelling error . 
  it 's like arguing over the font . 
  there is no way to correctly render a surface of a sphere on 2-d without distortion , so they 're all wrong . 
  there were certain cases of communist movements * tolerating * jews because it was politically advantageous , but it is a total exaggeration to claim that `` back then , communists were the only group people who did n't look down on jews . '', 
  his and alan turing 's stories ( and thousands of others ) show that heroes are still expendable to authoritarians . 
  seent it befo ', 
  why the fuck does / r/europe have a disproportionate amount of / r/the _ donald subscribers ? 
  and with the new law on birth control , what are they going to do with all those unemployed babies ? 
  all the ukranians whom i have met who speak polish speak it with almost no accent and with perfect fluency . 
  yes , they are two closely-related slavic languages , but that does n't change the fact that polish phonology is notoriously hard and quite different from ukranian . 
  that 's nothing more than a fucking excuse for pro-conception conservatives . 
  we ca n't have a sense of craic if we do n't even know what that is !, 
  that sounds like extreme mismanagement . 
  i have noticed that some of the towns here have little turkish centers that are self-segregated . 
  i was always confused , because i assumed a lot of the turkish immigrants in germany come from immigrant families from the ottoman empire during wwi or whatever , so i was confused at the lack of assimilation after a generation or two . 
  is it better or worse in certain areas , or was this a federal-level fuck-up . 
  that is total bullshit . 
  that 's a confirmation bias . 
  all the nice , quiet americans that walk by you go completely unnoticed , because they * are * quiet . 
  similarly 80 % of all brits i noticed in paris , mallorca , prague , etc. 
  in the past 8 months were rude , loud , boisterous , and drunk . 
  it would be ignorant for me to take that to mean 80 % of brits are this way . 
  it 's simply because the majority of well-behaved brits go either unnoticed or go forgotten , because nothing crazy happened . 
  same thing i 've noticed with the germans ( who are stereo-typically well-behaved ) . 
  add that to some of the american prejudices , you have surely duped yourself . 
  in fact , an eu tourism survey asked individuals in the tourism industry in multiple tourist centres which nationalities were more pleasant and which were terrible ( rudeness , goofiness , ignorance of locale , etc. ), 
  , and americans did fairly well ( better than brits and the french , at least ) . 
  obviously the survey is n't going to be the most scientific , but it 's got better data than the exaggerated anecdotes of other tourists . 
  edit : this is n't an america-is-best post , just a statement of the fact that confirmation bias can make you reinforce incorrect stereotypes . 
  please explain how the 60s and 70s policies led to a lack of german identity in turks . 
  bull shit . 
  he could not handle not being in the front row . 
  i get the power play , but * shoving * someone ( especially a pm ?!?!, 
  ) , come on !, 
  we were down there for the sv . 
  duje festivities last year ( totally unplanned ) , but it was the best mix of old people city and let 's get drinks and be boisterous by the harbor . 
  hope to make another croatia trip before we move out of europe . 
  we based ourselves in split for the vacation and spent a week in that city , and literally everything was checkered , too , because they had just won a big match . 
  is that where you 're from ? 
  i know , which is why the stories stuck , but there are always elements of truth , and i probably would n't go to every neighborhood in all of serbia wearing a `` ja < 3 hrvatsku '' shirt on . 
  obviously it 's exaggerating . 
  i was just relaying a funny story that had to do with yugoslavian tensions . 
  please do n't take me too seriously . 
  i 'm not saying it was absolutely true . 
  it was the croatian who told me that . 
  i am not in a place to say who hates whom more .
