or how we say in german : london . 
   p. s . last week , here , appeared a picture of how the poles vote . 
  like us , the part that was under german occupation voted different from those who were under russian occupation . 
  poland a vs poland b is not about the occupation zones . 
  the former russian occupation zone is a part of russia today . 
  the former german occupation zone is eastern poland . 
  western poland is what poland annexed from the german empire . 
  really ? 
  just a tired old meme , that 's all you got to say ? 
  and today there is no more persecution and the numbers stay the same . 
  bad ideas need to be stamped out and society move on . 
  do n't need to do that . 
  just stop giving it some sort of special status and treat it like anything else than the early political ideas of people over thousand years ago . 
  do n't worry we got your back !, 
  in germany it 's a huge division line . 
  the more xenophobic and conservative places map pretty much towards the more catholic parts of germany . 
  i mean you proabably heard from the car toll on foreigners that is forced upon us from bavaria . 
  yes . 
  austria is also better off by capita . 
  but for europe overall it holds true . 
  even if there were n't many , there were some things the ussr did right . 
  also known as the more modern , progressive and richer part of europe . 
  it 's like a black person supporting slavery . 
  they must pay . 
  it 's not even payments towards the eu budget , it 's direct debt towards member states . 
  asking what happens if we do n't pay is bit childish . 
  who would keep trusting the uk if they do n't pay their debts ? 
  we own menorca too now ? 
  :o thought it 's just mallorca . 
  i had actually looked that up . 
  mep are paid by their countries , so germany does n't waste a single euro on that idiot . 
  the same way you fine everyone else . 
  what an odd question . 
  is there any clause that you signed that forbids you to gain new land/citiziens ? 
  but if all germans had to pay so much more it would become extremly unpopular and the toll would , if at all , last only very very short and the csu can suck it . 
  such a dirty way to get around eu law . 
  i really hope it gets shot down . 
  the problem is just that it does n't break eu law , but it clearly breaks the spirit of the no discrimination law . 
  they are both against it , but the car toll is included in the coalition contract . 
  regardless , echr is an institution of the council of europe , not the eu , and i 'm pretty sure you would have to leave that too . 
  [ this ] ( http://a.thumbs.redditmedia.com/jtefolrz3tjsw5tl.jpg ), 
   the netherlands have to pay $ 642m , not the $ 2.1 b. 
  that 's quite some difference if you 're really wanting to compare . 
  it 's more per capita for the netherlands than the uk . 
    it is a simple gdp adjustment , nothing more . 
  germany and france did n't get a rebate at all . 
   you are aware france 's getting a rebate of $ 1b and germany 's getting a rebate of $ 780m with the latest adjustments ? 
  it 's a problem of translation . 
  the german word `` rabat '' only refers to a discount . 
  so our word fits the uk rebate but not the situation at hand . 
   people have be moaning and wanting to kick the uk out for years , so that 's nothing new . 
  not really . 
  few people want the uk out . 
  some are just tired of the constant complaining and blackmail from the uk . 
  and i believed it was legal in germany ... 
  but i knew almost nobody does it here . 
   united kingdom legal as alternative to the mandatory state school system . 
  20,000 -- 100,000 that sounds like a lot of people . 
  that 's how taxes work . 
  those who earn more have to pay more . 
  / r/socialismsucks is over there, 
  here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients i apologize , it seems france contribution is closer to 5/3 than 2 times , but italy has more than 1.5 times your net contribution . 
  what has it to do with myself ? 
  it 's the other eu countries that needs to pay for what the uk does n't , not me . 
  the uk gets a rebate back from the eu for the last 30 years . 
  currently it 's 3.8 billion $ / year . 
  but how dare we you to expect to increase your payments relative to your increase in gni . 
  maybe you want to make no payments to the eu , get double representation in the european parliament and only participe in european programs you like ? 
  we ca n't give you yet another rabate on your eu payments . 
  italy already pays more net contribution than the uk does . 
  france does twice as much . 
  but who is phone ? 
  stop acting like a victim . 
  if you want to leave you are able to do so any time you wish , no one is taking you hostage . 
   so you think british people think that it 's all about them ? 
  i do n't think they do , but it seems cameron does . 
  i do n't unterstand why he promises to reform inter eu immigration laws , when it 's clear that it 's not going to happen . 
  * best asian, 
   percentage of that country 's population which is turkish this . 
  they are very welcome , the image of asian * immigrants is very good . 
  * with asian i mean how we use the word : chinese , japanese , koreans and nearbys . 
  because the set of white people highly intersects with the set of modern , educated and civilizied people even though there is no causality between the 2 . 
  just come to germany instead . 
  if they want , let the brits isolate themselves . 
  love for germany , hate for poland ? 
  albania , i think we just became friends . 
  you looked correctly . 
  the serbian parts of bosnia are green , the other red . 
  hate for berlin ? 
  i wish we would do that . 
  but no , we teach islam in schools now . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients italy contributes more to the eu than your country despite having a smaller population/economy . 
  you are in luck !, 
  the middle east offers that . 
  300 years , 500 or 700 back in time . 
  whatever your heart desires . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  * for a german ? 
   but we 're talking about a country that represents only 20 % of the eurozone gdp ( based on 2012 numbers ) your numbers are wrong . 
  we have already more than 20 % inside the eu gdp , for the eurozone it 's nearly 30 % .
