  it 's often in the discussion but they are n't forbidden yet . 
  the 5 `` regular '' parties are all pro-eu , together around 85-88 % . 
  afd is expected to get 6-8 % , they are soft-eurospectic ( anti-euro but not anti-eu ) . 
  they were founded last year before the national election and barely missed the 5 % threeshold . 
  their slogan was `` mut zur wahrheit '' ( courage to stand up for the truth ) , now for the european election it 's `` mut zu deutschland '' ( courage to stand up for germany ) with the eu in deutschland encircled by stars . 
  they run as independent , not in the `` freedom coalition '' with ukip . 
  there is no threeshold this time so fringe parties will likely get a few seats . 
  for example the nazi party , the republicans ( anti-immigration ) or the animal rights party . 
  `` belgian '' does not exist , they have dutch , french and german . 
  why is poland not though ? 
  it 's the same thing in east germany with 75-80 % not being member of the churchs . 
  the only good thing the soviets have ever done . 
  identical to german sentence structure . 
  all your example sentences would be exactly the same in german . 
  usa, 
  `` dick '' meaning fat/thick `` hell '' meaning bright, 
  they are germanic not german , is difference !, 
  but sure bring them here , we will teach them proper prussian manners . 
  i think he meant german when he said dutch =p, 
  you do n't hear that much from hungary since it 's a smaller country and a bad politican from a bigger country makes a bigger impact . 
  the uk has a strong voice inside the eu and should they really isolate themselves it would be a very significant loss for the eu . 
  i guess italy has shitty politicans too but they change their leaders too often to dislike a particular person besides berlusconi . 
  and from what i heard he is removed from politics for real now . 
  i would say erdogan . 
  if you want to limit it to the eu then clearly cameron . 
  ( and all the recent developments make me think of england ( not uk ! ), 
  as the least positive country inside the eu ), 
   some strange decisions ( like the sudden nuclear phase out after the japanese tragedy ) . 
  she had no other choice . 
  look at the [ record high of the green party caused by fukushima ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/26/btw-umfragen.svg/700px-btw-umfragen.svg.png ) . 
  2 weeks after the incident the german state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg held elections . 
  the cdu lost the prime minister position ( which it had exclusively for almost 60 years ) to the green party . 
  for the greens it was the first pm in any german state ever . 
  any other decision would have ended in a political disaster for merkel 's party . 
  you are thinking of europe instead of eu . 
  roughly : usa : 320 million eu : 500 million europe : 700 million, 
  does the fp\u00d6 want austria to leave the eu ? 
  what you are seeing is that the eu does n't speak with one voice . 
  everyone agress that a agressive militant behaviour ca n't be tolerated but the views of russia and ukraine differ . 
  the eastern eu countries fear russia and called for increased nato protection . 
  on the other hand the western eu countries are n't scared at all . 
  we have any significant russian population or land that russia might want to take back . 
  economically we could n't be crippled from russia either , germany 's alone is bigger . 
  furthermore we do n't have any real cultural or another connection with ukraine . 
  the western part makes 4/5 of the eu that 's why you ( sadly ) see so much inaction from it . 
  but we already have cyprus which is entirely in asia . 
  to give you an idea how near we are to israel already , cyprus is closer to it than it is to greece . 
  i got 16 % for bnp : http://uk.isidewith.com/results/499820520, 
  hey , take it lightheartly , it was n't about what you said . 
  i was making fun of us stereotypes . 
  hostage sounds extreme , this is n't a situation like kosovo . 
  are spaniards from catalonia treated unequally in some regard ? 
  do they need to pay higher taxes , have less rights or something like that ? 
  what if the eu would add a regulation that if a terrority breaks of a member state it keeps inside the eu and becomes a new member state of the eu ? 
  would you still oppose catalonian independence in this situation ? 
  you are right , usa 1776 had about 0.3 % of the world population and catalonia today has 0.1 % , still no insane difference . 
  a country with 7 million might look silly from an us american perspective but in europe it 's the norm . 
  12 of 28 eu member states have a smaller population than catalonia . 
   it 's like germany 's texas yeah it 's always the south that is making the problems . 
  =p  germany is a federal government so it 's easier to draw comparisons between unitary european countries and federal european countries to give readers context instead of between unitary european countries and a north american federation . 
  like us states , german states ca n't declare themselves independent . 
  i 'm just saying that if bavaria should hold a referendum and secession is voted for then berlin will very likely grant it them . 
  because the usa is a superpower , how can a superpower be subject of another country ? 
  usa # 1 country since the earth was created 6000 years ago !, 
  the population of catalonia today is higher than the us in 1776 . 
  i do n't think catalonian or scottish independence will change the situation of bavaria . 
  it 's not supressed from the rest of germany and i think germany can ( at least partly ) be better off without the ultra-conversative bavaria . 
  that does n't mean i 'm necessary pro-bavarian-secession . 
  the only party that actively goes for it , bayernpartei , is a fringe party with 1-2 % . 
  and i suspect the support for secession will decline over time with newer generations growing up in an europe that keeping getting closer under the eu . 
  putin is always worried for the well-being of russians !, 
  unless they live in russia . 
   it is insane , but the insanity of the spanish government is pretty clear at this point , given that it thinks it has the right ( self-granted by a piece of paper ) to deny the catalans self-determination . 
  it 's not just a piece of paper , it reflects the majority view of spanish people who do not want catolina break away from spain . 
   since you 're spanish , i 'm sure you have all sorts of justifications for why a legal document is more important than the will of 8 million people , but you can be sure they all sound like bullshit to rest of the world . 
  spain is an unitary state , why would the will of 8 million overwrite the will of 46 million people ? 
   even from the pro-spanish point of view , refusing a referendum was completely idiotic since that was the moment spain guaranteed that the majority of catalans would demand independence . 
  maybe but the point was rather that the outcome of the referendum would be irrelevant . 
  500 millions are all citiziens of the eu including babies , kids and pensioners . 
  if you take the people looking for work + people working you end up with more than 5.2 % . 
  does frisia as nation also include the german and danish parts for you ? 
  this thread was probably linked somewhere outside of reddit . 
  there are 2 pro ukip comments in this thread and both from accounts created less than an hour ago . 
   account for 0 days seems legit . 
  [ / r/polandball ] ( / r/europe ), 
  he should receive some sort of honary citizienship or whatever so he can live in germany as long as he likes and does n't need to fear to be extradicted to the us . 
  and cake is just a misstranslation it actually said `` broiche '' . 
  germans are sadly very anti-nuclear energy ( i have seen support around 80 % for the nuclear ban ) , it 's not about money we were n't planning building any new reactors . 
  after fukushima the political landscape went crazy , the green party suddenly had support in the range of 30 % and for the first time in german history a green politican become the prime minister of a german state . 
  so something had to be done . 
  and even the conversative goverment we had that reverted some changes the green did was forced to phase nuclear energy out as quickly as possible . 
   i love knowing a language that no one understands including the danish people . 
  maybe this article is helpful : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germany-issues-long-term-zero-rate-bonds-a-834679.html, 
  i think the problem is that russia still sees itself as superpower and would demand an equal partnership but realistically they could n't be more than a junior partner in any cooperation . 
  the eu has a population of 3.5 to 1 compared to russia , economically it 's even 8 to 1 . 
  and inside nato russia 's position would be even smaller . 
  what if they put iskander there like they already did in [ k\u00f6nigsberg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:iskander-range-kaliningrad.jpg ) ? 
  it 's not just instability for moldova but also for romania and the entire eu . 
  it 's metric but outdated . 
  i think it has been replaced by joule around 50 years ago .
