  they were n't dragged into it . 
  thank you !, 
  finally someone who does n't join this stupid anti-germany circlejerk . 
  eesti too much into the future again . 
  in germany most people still pay cash . 
  ha , the video says 2010 and we are officially using it since 1922 . 
  besides our text is much better . 
  ode to joy is the eu anthem . 
  he is german , take him off from your euromonies !, 
  this is cringe , i mean the article calls itself out on it but if you do not compare by capita germany will be at the top of most eu rankings . 
  what are these journalists gon na discover next ? 
  that germany has a higher debt and more unemployed people than greece ? 
  besides the article is from 2011 . 
  what is this ? 
  a bavarian with a prussian helmet and a belgian flag for germany ? 
   is there a new berlin-moscow axis developing ? 
  satire , 
  i would n't say that it is an uncommon view . 
  there is a mutual feeling for germans and bavarians to see each other as foreigners but realistically the ( in bavaria ) governing conservative party has no intentions to do anything about it . 
  the bavarian independence party he mentioned is at 1-2 % and therefore does n't even make it in the parlament . 
  btw the bavarian independence party is n't anti-eu . 
  instead they argue on their website how an independent bavaria is inside the top 10 population and economywise and so easyly finds a place inside the eu . 
    i shall not let corrupt politicians in berlin     but you live in germany . 
      that odd caveat aside ... 
  he does n't , have n't you seen his flair ? 
  bavaria is a free state and they like to emphasize on that , it 's just normal to hate the `` sauprei\u00dfn '' ( pig prussians ) . 
  bavaria is its own nation with citizienship which is just overruled by german federal law . 
  think about what they could achieve without the eu . 
  they could stop the billions of emmigrants from countries like rongary or bulmania . 
  and should a bloody foreigner still make it inside and use the glorious autobahn he will be tolled to death . 
  the [ heute-show ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek/beitrag/video/2146150/heute-show-vom-2.5.2014 ) linked from the comment was good too . 
  * south slavia and gypsies, 
   i just do n't understand how the us has gotten so bad about this kind of thing . 
  i do n't think there is an easy answer . 
  what i 've heard as explanation was that it came to distance yourselves from the `` evil atheist commies '' . 
   i constantly hear about some group picketing a funeral of a gay person or some politician saying if you 're not a conservative christian you hate america . 
  the argumentation of our conservatives towards gays is very different . 
  we still do n't have gay marriage , but they justify it by saying we need to strengthen marriage and family while clarifying that they mean no disrepect towards gays . 
  openly condemning gays is almost unthinkable , i guess it would be like speaking about `` these stupid niggers '' in the us . 
   how is this handled in the media in europe ? 
  do you hear about the crazy american politics or do you not concern yourself with such nonsense and only stick to the facts ? 
  america is certainly relevant enough to make it in our news but i would n't say we concern ourselves that much about your internal matters . 
  we followed your presidental election but otherwise it 's more about your external matters , your relation to us , your wars or nsa for example . 
   also how are the more extreme political parties handled ? 
  are they allowed equal airtime and equal platform or do you write them off as loonies ? 
  depends , most parties and people would like to see the neonazi party banned . 
  other than that we do n't really have an extremist party that gets any media attention or votes . 
  you wo n't even see ads from most of them because you need 1 % + in the elections for public sponsorship . 
  the party of bible-abiding christians got 0.04 % at the last federal elections . 
  it 's a matter of perspective , what is seen moderate for one can be extremism for another . 
  in the us the republicans might be considered a regular political party , for me they are simply batshit insane . 
  no there is nothing like that in most of europe . 
  i do n't think even the most religious countries like greece or poland come anywhere near the us . 
  if you just look from the outside and at statistics you might see similarities but trust me we are miles apart . 
  in germany it 's mostly leftovers from the past . 
  i mean our bigger governing party is called `` christian democratic union '' , we still have laws around christianity , the goverment collects taxes for our churches , etc. 
  but religion has no relevance in daily life especially if you are young and live in the city . 
  it does n't come up in politics or media at all except if you implicit looking for something like a small tv channel or < 1 % party . 
  if you have any more specific questions , just ask . 
  we will find new ways to count unemployed people as employed . 
  it 's 1st of may not 1st of april . 
  what does it say in the first picture next to putin 's picture ? 
  it 's not clear for me if it 's pro or anti-putin . 
  because we know for sure that the nsa spied on us . 
  if german institution helped them that does n't make the behaviour of the nsa any less wrong . 
  the speech i linked talks about our government and our security service ( called bnd = bundesnachrichtendienst ) aswell . 
  if you are interested [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp0fvvpfbfu ) is a version with english subtitles , the translation is not perfect but good enough to unterstand it . 
  he says that goverment had the duty to do a clearing up on the spy affair but it did n't , in fact it did the opposite . 
  near the end , at 9:30 in the video , he presents 4 possible scenarios about it : either the bnd voilated our basic law by supporting them or by keeping it secret . 
  if they did n't keep it secret and informed the government then the government itself voilated basic law . 
  the last scenario is that the bnd did n't know anything about it themselves , in which case they are so incompetent they might aswell be dissolved . 
  this is such bullshit . 
  the submissive behaviour towards the usa should finally be ended . 
  a vast majority of the population support asylum for snowden , it should be given . 
  in my opinion [ gysi 's speech ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uv1wf_bv-e ) on it was excellent . 
  do you any example videos you would like to know about ? 
  i do n't know what 's representative of the german spoken in these us areas . 
  [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=facchus6qyo ) has german with a light swiss accent , still easyly unterstandable but he does n't speak much german in the video . 
   wessis what is this ? 
  is it 90s again ? 
  let me try to explain the situation a bit . 
  first off noone in germany is scared of russia . 
  we have no significant russian population , we do n't own any land that was ever part of russia . 
  russia has no demands on us and could n't use sanctions on us in the way they did with smaller eastern european countries . 
  germans are generally more against war than other european nations because of our history . 
  germany is populationwise and economically # 1 but military only # 3 . 
  in the recent past before crimea , our relations to russia were pretty good , at least they did nothing that created great unpopularity here . 
  in contrast usa made itself unpopular with wars and the nsa , etc. 
  of course there are far more factors but maybe this helps you to unterstand the position of not necessary mine but some germans better . 
  and do n't worry we certainly wo n't go molotov -- ribbentropon on you and russia will not attack you . 
  could you elaborate what tricks are used ? 
  he argued that he should be chancellor because the spd got more votes than the cdu ( without the csu ) . 
   i also have a hard time seeing enough countries supporting it for it to ever happen . 
  if it happened i am fairly sure we 'll start to see member states dropping out from the eu . 
  if i 'd to bet money on it , the first one to leave if turkey joins is austria followed by either denmark , finland or the uk . 
  all countries that the eu simply can not afford to loose . 
  accession of new members is not decided by majority vote . 
  every single member state must give its okay before a country can join . 
  hitler 's former party is outlawed . 
  i meant the neonazis from the national democratic party of germany ( founded 1964 ) .
