  i completly agree but the problem is that our politicans ca n't be honest . 
  people still think a religion must be respected and failing to do so equals racism . 
  but everyone in the eu and turkey alike knows what is really going on and that turkey will never become a member in the forseeable future . 
  very funny , guys . 
  everyone knows the tourney did n't partake these years . 
  1996 was the correct choice . 
  yes , we do . 
  care to explain ? 
  fyi there is a conspiracy theory that germany is not really existing as state because there was no peace treaty or constitution made . 
  it might even be technically true that we are n't a state according to whoever made this definition but we are certainly one in all regards that matter . 
  people here do n't think you literally occupying us , but it 's true that the former occupation forces are still staying . 
  ( russia and france left already , british troops leave up to 2017 iirc ) the usa got a lot of bad press because of the nsa scandal and it made people feel that in the relation with you we are something like a dog . 
  hence why you might see such comments as `` and look they are also still occupying us '' . 
  i would call this the `` african map of europe '' . 
  do n't pay any attention to cultural , linguistical , national or other differences , just draw some border . 
  koffer = suitcase in german , 
  are you 1/32 irish ? 
  shhh ostmark no resisting only guilt now, 
   i think this is fucking dangerous . 
  i 've seen it happen in uk and in ~ ~ germany ~ ~ bavaria . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah saxony is not exactly the state we are the most proud of ... at least it seems the neo-nazis barely dropped out . 
  strip them of their citizienship . 
  it 's a normal procedure if you fight for a foreign army , should n't be done different if it 's fighting for rebels . 
  no , respecting minority does n't mean every minority must be allowed to do anything . 
  the rights of all sides must be weighted against each other , in this case the rights of the animals win because they ca n't give consent ( like children ) . 
  the eastern european states might make half of the countries inside the eu but if you look at population it 's roughly 100 millions vs. 400 millions . 
  there is no way they can force anything on the entire eu on their own . 
  tyranny of the majority and discrimination of minorities is not democracy . 
  * freedom are you feeling free enough yet ? 
  i thought that was a little more secret :(, 
  but the ep does n't decide that if member states leave , so ukip will just waste taxpayers money and time . 
  if you want the uk to leave you must vote inside the uk for it . 
  he 's from the country that once was an empire and the leading german state . 
  was . 
  because france is an integral part and the 2nd biggest ( population ) in the eu . 
  switzerland is much smaller / less important and they are already part of schengen , efta and have bilteral contracts with the eu . 
  they are probably further integrated inside the eu than the uk with all their opt-outs . 
  both are socialists , so why is it susprising ? 
  ( he is called schulz btw ), 
  your premise is ridicilious , before the eu the european countries regularly fought war against each other . 
  the eu certainly did n't drive us further apart just because we are not as close as some selected examples of independent countries . 
  westerwelle actually sued when he declared himself chancellor candidate in his project 18 and was n't included in the tv debate . 
  but the court denied it and found that there is no realistic chance for him to become chancellor . 
  they are satirical about pretty much everything but yes you can really vote for them . 
  in the 2013 federal election they got 78.674 votes ( 0.2 % ) . 
  this is `` die partei '' founded by the satirical magazine titanic . 
  the clip is for the local elections in t\u00fcbingen , not for the european elections . 
  their slogan for the european election is `` yes to europe !, 
  no to europe ! '' . 
  too many people argue pro or against europe , they are taking the vacant position of we do n't care about europe . 
  in one of their real spot for the european election they receited part of a hitler speech he gave to the youth and replaced all instances of `` germany '' with `` europe '' . 
  their goals include creating a lazyness quota ( faul = lazy is close to frau = woman in german ) , abolishing summer time and rebuilding the berlin wall . 
  do you mean this one austrian ? 
  already happened : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_v._microsoft_corp . 
  of course not breaking up the company but steps against monopols are taken . 
  [ of course the american way . 
  ] ( http://www.anglonautes.com/images/ill_pho_port_bw_1/ill_pho_port_bw_1_pic_american_way_life_blacks_1937.jpg ), 
  is n't that required by law ? 
  lena meyer-landrut in some shitty rtl production . 
   i 'm pretty sure our current president dalia grybauskait\u0117 won and the socialdemocrat candidate will come in second . 
  what 's your opinion of her ? 
  do you support her ? 
  haha forgot about them , they can never get any relevance . 
  but without prozenth\u00fcrde they will likely get a seat in the european elections . 
  of course , republican just means the us republican party here . 
   german conservative party ridicules itself with incredibly bad tv spot - [ cdu is a cow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjwol0kmzc4 ) oh god this is too good and the bad acting makes it perfect . 
   even in germany , the average state population is 13,6 million we have 16 states not 6 , so it 's 5 million average per state . 
  republican is just another word for retarded . 
  no , you should use your money only for yourself . 
  free yourself from london and anyone else that wants to tell you how to live and finally become the chef of your own house . 
  down with goverments , social redistribution and all that shit . 
  the rich may flourish , the poor starve . 
   the only reason greece is in the european union is because of germany , otherwise we would align with russia fully and likely join their customs union . 
  what has it to do with germany ? 
  55 millions # ? 
  the uk costs the british taxpayer billions every single day . 
  just think about what you could do with all that money if it was n't wasted on the uk . 
  english is the only germanic language that does n't have compound words . 
  i 'm assuming because almost noone can unterstand it without subtitles . 
  adolf would be proud . 
  is n't this the city he was born in ? 
  what is the meaning of the orange-black ribbons ? 
  alle menschen = all humans all people would also be a fair translation too but it does n't mean all peoples as in all nations . 
  that would be `` alle v\u00f6lker '' . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  but russia still thinks it has the right to control over former soviet or communist countries . 
  that it what gets threatend by the nato not moscow or russia itself . 
  i 'm sad how many people buy that the nato * agressiveness * towards russia is to blame for the situation in ukraine . 
  wtf ? 
  statements like this are why people do n't like you ( the us ) , the misstrust and respectlessness you treat an ally with . 
  germany stands firmly in the west . 
  you know germany is n't divided in a west and east part anymore either . 
  since 25 years . 
  even in the extremest scenario that we would cut all ties with the us , we would n't suddenly team up with russia . 
  anti-usa is not pro-russia and anti-sanctions is not pro-putin !, 
  it 's about german reunification . 
  russia agreed to it and the integration of east germany into the nato under the condition that nato does n't expand anymore eastwards and no stationary foreign troops may be placed inside east germany . 
  i feel no sympathy for russia in that regard , the further nato expansion is a direct result of how they treated these countries , not brainwashing of the west . 
  they have their own will and seeked membership .
