  as for the military relevance of france , i think france is doing alright as even if we are small compared to your country , we are one of the only countries ( with us , russia and china ) which relies on internal technology and national industry for all branches of our armies , with top tier aviation and marine and nuclear arsenal that we developed ourselves . 
  sure we lost in indochina and algeria , everybody is defeated at some point and for various reasons , you fucking lost vietnam even with your immense army for fuck sakes . 
  but we managed to keep a presence over the whole globe trough our overseas territories , keep our influence and intervene in africa when needed ( mali , lybia , cote d'ivoire , chad . . ) , keep our strong diplomatic network around the globe , be a part of the security council of the un and retain the largest eez in the world . 
  not so bad for a 60 million populated country if you ask me . 
  as fot the nato leaving : france left nato to stop being under the influance of the usa and to remain a fully sovereign state in matters of foreign politics and interventions . 
  * france 's antagonistic relationship towards the americans was a direct consequence of de gaulle 's desire to enhance france 's independent stature in a world dominated by superpower politics . 
  * * de gaulle also made it a priority to create a nuclear weapons stockpile that could independently function as a deterrent , and so france was able to reject the u.s. nuclear umbrella in favor of establishing its own program . 
  in 13 february 1960 , france tested its first nuclear weapon in the sahara desert , becoming the fourth country in the world to do so . 
  ( and france today has the world 's third-largest stockpile ) *, 
  nope i do n't give a shit about kids boasting about their country power while personaly never taking part in anything remotely close to war besides de_dust or battlefied1942 and cracking overused jokes about conflicts they did not take part in . 
  but thanks guys , keep throwing those hilarious jokes, 
  your answer is kind of expected from somebody with such a username . 
   * tastes worse * but ... but ... they are world champions no ? 
  if those cheeses are illegal in the states , how can they make a competition about them ? 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  just browsed some categories , united states everywhere haha . 
  brie , camembert , muenster ... 
  because there is the word `` nuclear '' in it !, 
  panic !, 
  there 's a hint on the bill , it is stored up in the air, 
  did the turks control france and uk ? 
  nordic countries ? 
  iceland ? 
  ireland ? 
  yes , those terrorists are people in their late twenties , who failed at school , failed to integrate , with no future , who are blaming the west and the system for their failure . 
  they are old enough to realize that they are stuck in a dead-end life-wise and they try to find a new goal , a new cause . 
  perfect recruits for hate preaching retards like isis . 
  those guys are not even religious in the first place . 
  it is just a way to exist for them , and not just be this little shit with no money and no future living in the suburbs of a major city in the west . 
  scum which can not take any responsability for their own failure . 
  sacrebleu , all fans and coolers to maximum capacity !, 
  pretty much what was said , i don t like the fact that they join the eu , get money and help and then act like they are being mistreated or something . 
  also the lack of solidarity about the refugee thing and the flagrant racism towards colored skins and lgbt . 
  and this is coming from a half french half polish guy . 
  i absolutely hate what is happening in the polish political scene nowadays . 
  but hey i know everyone is not like this . 
  quebec is already our little brother , 
  no idea , it 's just the way we write , space before every composed sign ( : , ! , ? , ; , % ... ), 
  i see , make sense !, 
  it just struck me when i read the comment  but hey i am no expert in turko-american relationship . 
  i find that calling the us your closest ally is a bit weird considering the fact that your countries do not share a lot . 
  that 's all . 
  i mean , define close , because for me it seems like the us are your `` ally '' for one single reason : bases and access to the middle east . 
  closest ally the us ? 
  lol, 
  well you guys are basically the same to be honest  they are just the mountain version of the germans, 
  oh i agree totally , it is way too soon anyway . 
  but that would be the countries i respect the most and feel closer to . 
  while i would like a federalization of europe , i know it will take time . 
  we will probably start by a joint economy ministry , then maybe a common justice ministry and move on step by step over the next 50-100 years to achieve what i would call `` two countries with a common government '' and that would be the first step to a true union . 
  oh yes i totally agree about the tessino part of switzerland , but they represent only 10 % of the population . . 
  while the french speaking part is close to france , italian part close to italy but the germans . . man . . 
  they are not like any other country . 
  what , italy comparable to switzerland ? 
  are you insane ? 
  i live in the german speaking part and people here are totally , and i mean totally , different from the latins and the italians . 
  austria , make sense , but come on . . italy ? 
  germany or the uk i guess . 
  how is this guy perceived in the uk ? 
  from the continent he seems to be opportunistic , nationalist , posh and a bit of a jackass . 
  not a very likeable figure in my opinion , but i do n't have any idea of his actual work though . 
  can you please cite a single genocide france denies ? 
  any source on france formally supporting pkk ? 
  i do n't know man , i think most of europeans are suspicious and do not trust erdogan 's turkey . 
  and that is the only thing we see from our homes . 
  denial of the armenian genocide , shady relationship with isis , `` turkey above alles '' way of thinking of the government , cyprus relationship , the difference in culture . . 
  it does not seem as turkey wants to melt and integrate into the eu , and that 's the problem . 
  as an example , i am working with a turk from germany , straight in the eyes he says to me that you guys want to recreate the ottoman empire and that you want all the turk to unite under one country from turkey to turkmenistan . 
  he then says that the censorship in turkey is necessary etc. 
  erdrogan is a dangerous and immoderate persone , he has nothing to do with the eu and with our values . 
  maybe , but next time an agreement will be negotiated with the uk the countries in the eu might be more defiant and careful about it . 
  well then it will come back to the origin : benelux - france - germany + maybe spain/italy . 
  i am ok with that . 
  but people will blame you for this failure , and the us / china / russia will be really happy about seeing their principal competitor crumble . 
  the yank opens the doors of / r/europe with his foot and cracks loudly a bad joke to the assembly, 
  it 's not about the population , it 's about the population which goes on reddit , 
  yes you are absolutely right , there is a lot of french online communities : hardware.fr , forum jeux online , jeuxvideo : com , the millenium website etc. . so the `` regular french '' are rather going on those websites, 
  hum going after minor mistakes like this when a foreigner makes the effort to speak to you in your own language is actually pretty sad . 
  `` please do n't vote for your own country '', 
  after reading the rest of your posts one could also argue that you do neither, 
  i am living in swiss ; prefer them home for sure . 
  good food and pretty girls, 
  i do n't know man , i already noticed him in other threads , just look at his history . 
  what is your problem with france ? 
  you seem obssessed about it , it is not the first time i see your useless and biased comments in threads here . 
  do you have an inferiority complex or something ? 
  let 's find an open spot on our agenda then . 
  we may not stop at the wallon border or waterloo though . 
  but no need to calll uk and prussia  . 
  yes on that part i do totally agree with you , the law has to be crystal clear . 
  for instance : applicable if murder or implication in big terrorist attack or planification of a high scale terrorist attack or whatever . . 
  this has to be decide by the parliament, 
  jailing people cost money to the state + they will have the chance to convert other inmates to their cause . 
  and at the moment the sentence is not life but 10 years for terrorism . 
  this is a special measure to treat with terrorists . 
  it 's not like they will destitute somebody of his citizenship for crossing a red light . 
  yet . 
  canceling their citizenship is actually a great move to limite their movement in the eu and keep them out of the country . 
  i have a double nationality , and i do n't feel like a second class citizen . 
  i do n't think i will give the state any reason to revoke my french citizenship .
