  yeah i know i was just reacting to the `` undisputed leader of the beer world '' that i find a bit pompous . 
  by curiosity are you flemish or waloon ? 
  did i brag about france being some kind of beer expert ? 
  does n't take much effort to recon that heineken is that cheap beer you drink at festivals / when you 're tight on money / just for thirst , while belgian beers are those that you actually savor . 
  i would like wallonia to join us . 
  perfectly understands if they prefer to remain in belgium , it 's their choice . 
  i doubt there would be real integration problems , the wallons are quite similar to their french counterpart in the nordic / northeast regions , the wallonia could be a new departement and they would keep their cultural legacy and specific laws etc. . 
  but again , i am pro but not a militant for this cause , if they join good , if they do n't no problem and no hard feelings  concerning the flemish . . meh . . 
  implyimg heineken is beer, 
  now i get it , 
  i agree , but i was only considering the right wing . 
  between jupp\u00e9 and valls i m still not s\u00fbre who i will vote for , 
  cop\u00e9 has absolutely no chances to win , fabius is shady . 
  i think that the only rational choice today is jupp\u00e9 . 
  you consider swiss people as open and socially receptive ? 
  french living in swiss . 
  i miss a few things actually : * i miss the unpredictable french behaviour and general chaos , it 's too organized here , sometimes i feel like i live among robots . 
  * i miss the noise in public transportation , here in swiss everybody jumps in the tramway and keeps quiet , less stress but also less fun * i miss the fact that people confront each other face to face in france , here they do all they can to avoid confrontation and directly contact the authorities . . 
  the police , your land lord ... 
  this is disgusting . 
  * i miss the more receptive nightlife french girls , difficult to connect with german swiss ladies . 
  * what i do n't miss : the salary and the nature , both are awesome in swiss, 
  they are part of the country , what 's wrong with that ? 
  i do n't know , maybe because it is not our language ? 
  and as i said earlier , we wo n't be the only ones to oppose this . 
  stop trying to make it a uk - fr issue while other big countries wo n't be enchanted either by this idea . 
  just read the comments in this thread . 
  it 's not only the french but pretty much every big country in europe will oppose it , italians , germans , french , spaniards . . 
  languages are part of the beauty of europe and its singularity , do n't take that away . 
  and it 's pretty easy to push your native language , try to have some emphasis and understand people who are against . 
  especially considering the fact that the brits are less involved in the ue than other states . 
  how would you love to have 1 common eu language which is not your choice ? 
  let 's say . . swedish for instance . 
  calm down reditski . 
  as usual akasa make some useful comments . 
  young people with no education feel that she may bring a solution to their grim future ( the classic blaming others for your `` failure '' , guy was not working at school , did n't manage to get a good degree then ended up with an average job without much perspectives and then blames the government for it ) young people with strong nationalistic tendencies also likes her for obvious reasons , with the rise of islamophobia , isis and the terrorist attacks it gives her lot of momentum . 
  people blaming the euro or europe also like her because she wants a return to the frank and an exit from the eu . 
  while i seriously doubt she would win the second turn of the presidential i am still very unconfortable with the raise of the party . 
  she has done an extremly good job in changing the image of the front national and making it more sexy to the youth . 
  if she accesses the presidency it will be a disaster , there will be riots everywhere and the economy of the country will sink even more , she has no idea how to run a country and her councellors are mediocre ( at best ) economists . 
  i am living abroad and have a dual citizenship , i consider myself french , but if she passes i will have troubles feeling proud about it . 
  yeah , better troll on all fronts !, 
  the foreign legion represents a very small percentage of the troops deployed in mali : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/intervention_militaire_au_mali and there are lots of frenchies in the foreign legion as well , it 's absolutely not only composed of foreigners and yes it can be considered as a war : the northern mali conflict , mali civil war , or mali war refers to armed conflicts that started from january 2012 until february 2015 between the northern and southern parts of mali in africa . 
  implying we have been carried in wwi by you , and even worse , by belgium is an insult !, 
  we did most of the fighting , on our soil , we provided most of the manpower and most of the war effort while you chilled on your little island sending some troops abroad to help out a little . 
  talk about who carried who . 
  dramatique !, 
  world war 1 ? 
  dear majesty of sweden , i will be honored to provide you with any information you will find relevant to pursue with success our business . 
  i am living in a remote village in the french alps , thus i do n't have a strong enough internet connection to send any attached file and due to my account containing approximatively 50000 us dollars , disposable at any time and without any ammount limitation , my bank uses a special system to encode my bank datas in a file that i can only attach to an email . 
  this codes change every time i open the file so i ca n't directly send them to you , even if i really wish i could do that because i trust you . 
  i have a physical copy of those datas on an usb key and i can send them to you by post special ups extra speed option , they will be at your door tomorrow morning . 
  to provide you with my full and secure connections details and bank account numbers , so you can check my solvability , and access my datas , can you please provide me with an address . 
  just for proof of goodwill can you please transfer via western union to me the cost of the mail that i will send by special courier tomorrow . 
  giving the speed of the delivery and the importance of the confidential goods that i will give into your trusted hands , ups asks a fee of exactly 78,6 dollars . 
  i hope that you will let me help you and that we will close this highly profitable deal . 
  your rich friend from the west , 8rax, 
  hehhh i was asking as a private person though, 
  can i also ask for a 100 million 0 interest loan from sweden ? 
  it sure ai n't the annexion on crimea or the reign of putin i tzar of russia . 
  let 's agree on `` phallic rooster '' then , 
  yeah but i wanted a discrete emphasis on our `` liberated '' views on sexual matters . 
  the `` totem '' symbol of france is the animal , the cock . 
  here we go : * baguette * tourism * wine * cock * paris, 
  do n't worrty it 's the usual pitchfork effect . 
  i like switzerland , i even live there , 
  this guy has a weird history of posting . 
  i agree , lot of those guys believe that all the terrorism etc are actually jewish and , to a lesser extent , christian conspiracies aiming to degrade the image of islam . 
  they share all the time posts of facebook groups known for the conspiracy bullshit they publish , it 's pretty sad . 
  the portuguese mafia has arrived, 
  just watched it , good stuff . 
  i mean , good documentary the content is kind of mind blowing . 
  i played for a few years in an american football in paris suburbs and actually i saw a disturbing number of young people who believe in conspiracy theories . 
  while for most of them those beliefs are rather harmless , for some it may lead to dramatic consequences . 
  that 's debatable, 
  what about it ? 
  it is the other name of the country, 
  conf\u00e9d\u00e9ration helv\u00e9tique in french , so i am pretty s\u00fbre french won, 
  and god save the queen !, 
  this was very informative , thank you very much, 
  if i may , what makes it insane ? 
  thanks a lot , 
  hey , do n't worry , i have a lot of love for the americans as well . 
  my family lived in new york for 2 years ( dad worked in the un ) and i was lucky enough to visit most of the east and west coast , played american football for a few years in europe as well . . 
  i 'm just proud of my country and ca n't resist the urge to defend it when i feel people are not really joking but actually believe all the propaganda crap . 
  man , if you want to quote wikipedia pages , you do n't have to go further than https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnam_war and see : result north vietnamese victory * withdrawal of american-led forces from indochina * communist governments take power in south vietnam , laos and cambodia * south vietnam is annexed by north vietnam even about the tet offensive : * although the tet offensive was a significant victory for allied forces , in terms of casualties and control of territory , it was a sound defeat when evaluated from the point of view of strategic consequences * want more ? 
  : http://www.slate.com/blogs/quora/2014/11/16/why_did_america_lose_the_vietnam_war.html http://www.peda.net/verkkolehti/jkl/lyseo/lyseonhissaa?m=content&amp;a_id=1039 http://www.telesurtv.net/english/telesuragenda/u.s.-defeat-in-vietnam-20150429-0034.html https://www.gilderlehrman.org/history-by-era/seventies/essays/consequences-defeat-vietnam open your eyes and accept it . 
  i did and as much as you hate it , it was a war and it was a war the us lost , invasion or not . 
  it was a defensive war yes , but you guys failed to defeat the vietcongs and they were stubborn enough to make the war last long enough that the us population did not believe anymore in a potential victory and forced the hand of the government to order a withdrawal and therefore a defeat . 
  you like it or not , it was a defeat and the north vietnam took control of the south vietnam and established a communist state . 
  you deployed troops , did not manage to win and retreated home . 
  `` tl ; dr '' , that must pretty much sum up your relationship with history books . 
  and you were deafeated in nam , period . 
  here are some elements of answer , wo n't develop more , read and learn or just stop answering me please : number of french soldiers killed during wwi : 1,397,800 number of american soldiers killed since forever : 1,354,664 so you see , we have 5 times less population than you , and we lost in one war more people than you lost since the birth of your country . 
  the main war theatre of wwi was in france as well , it destroyed cities and villages and stigmatas of the trench wars are still visible today in the country side . 
  can you imagine the effect this war had on the population ? 
  all of this to say that firstly you greatly downgrade the role of france in wwi while hyping immensely the role of the usa and that you just ca n't understand why did france surrender in wwii . 
  but hey it 's kind of easy to throw the stones and the jokes when you are a far bigger country protected by two oceans right ? 
  yea the french surrendered because they are pussies and absolutely not because they did not want another war like wwi and wanted to protect the population and the cities . 
  does n't matter they lost in wwii actually more people than the us as well https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties take your head of your ass man .
