  well , i think he 's getting more popular as time passes . 
  he was indeed seen as weak at the begining of his mandate , but as years passes , he 's more and more seen as somebody who is able to step up and get shit done when there is a crisis . 
  i think he 's mandate will have a better global outcome that sarkozy 's one and that he will be remembered okayish . 
  and i strongly believe that he 's lack of popularity was overly due to his physique and lack of charisma when he speaks . 
  not really fair to my eyes . 
  pretty sure that the easternmost point of europe is a small island somewhere in the pacific belonging to a european country, 
  are you some kind of expert ? 
  let 's hope it will bring netflix stocks up . 
  it has been a depressing few weeks/months, 
  wwii : `` bro it was a joke !! '', 
  or you know , let them go where they want to go and then it 's not our problem anymore, 
  many thanks for your input !, 
  hollande had a difficult first part of mandate , but i kind of like the second part with macron and valls . 
  i think he 's doing a descent job and that people are giving him to much shit because of how he looks/talks while ignoring what he 's actually doing . 
  i feel that i have a christian background and culture , i was going to church when i was a kid , did my first communion . 
  while i am not praticant and do n't think about god at all , i still feel close to the values of the church and i like going there from time to time just to feel this calm atmosphere . 
  i am absolutely not conviced that we are running the show or whatever . 
  but i see a gap between not running it and being an irrelevance . 
  france under hollande is doing ok on the international scene ; it was not the best start ever but it 's been ok since then . 
  contracts are signed abroad , we do a nice job in africa , it 's not only dark and gloomy . 
  but hey !, 
  let 's piss on france on every chance we have , right ?!, 
  you guys on the other side are obsessed with your position in the world ; your position in europe and you relevance . 
  you government is feeding you non stop propaganda about how britain is cool and how everybody on the continent is doing everything wrong . 
  it 's a dangerous game in the long run . 
  edit : oh and about the `` perhaps 10 years ago '' ; yeah sure being the first military power in europe and the second economy sure put us in the backsit position , how can you even contest that we are one of the most important eu members ? 
  this is a fucking no brainer . 
  edit2 : and commenting about us being the puppets of the germans while the mails from blair and bush on the irak war are coming out , oh god the irony, 
  well , at the moment there is no eu war effort or whatever , it is kind of like every country does what it wants . 
  in case of a global conflict involving eu vs x it would be a huge loss for sure . 
  are you retarded, 
  beautiful example of pro-british propaganda and self wanking between anglo speakers . 
  thanks, 
  yep germany is dicting us our foreign affairs ; that 's exactly what is happening . 
  not . 
  oh really ? 
  and what aspects should this be ? 
  that 's nice, 
  well yeah maybe he is , i am living in zurich , been to amsterdam and maastricht a few times , i do n't see what cultural connection is rupsje talking about . 
  and do n't get me started about the french speaking part and italian . 
  yes you do get a few more days ( rtt ) as a compensation . 
  this must be this special german humor everyone is talking about :p, 
  yes this seems more reasonable, 
  lol swiss cheeses and dutch ones are completly different . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yeah no , it is not for every one . 
  when i was working in france i had the `` cadre sup '' status and i was pulling 50h + a week on average . 
  it really depends of the job and the status . 
  i will ignore the `` fuck france '' and `` everybody hates france '' coming from the dutch guys . 
  i feel close to all our neighboors , even the uk . 
  you do not have to love your family , you are born with it , 
  what 's your connection with switzerland as a dutch ? 
  how so ? 
  your country is a master in the `` articles to make us look good and to diminish the french '' . 
  the anglo saxon way of rating universities favorises big mega campuses over school/universities constellations like we have in france . 
  please keep a critical sense . 
   i think it 's also important to mention that french universities do not have the same prestige as their german or british counterparts . 
  if you study computer science / technology , we have `` engineering schools '' that are more expensive and have very strong links with the industry . 
  those schools work very well . 
  but you have to pay . 
    we also have a system of `` grandes \u00e9coles '' ( elite schools ) in which you need to pass an exam ( more of a contest ) to enter . 
  those are the cool ones which get the funding . 
  as said in the article , these are not accessible to everyone . 
  it 's mostly `` i know this guy who knows this guy '' . 
  very common in france . 
    in general , french universities are considered cheap education , with all that it entails . 
  few teachers , infrastructure falling into pieces . 
  but if you plan to study humanities , the university is pretty much your only solution . 
  oh god , you say so much bullshit it is quite clear that you have no idea how the grandes ecoles/ecoles d'ingenieur works ... * most/a great number of \u00e9coles d'ing\u00e9nieur are free , source : i graduated from one of them * grandes ecoles = ecoles d'ing\u00e9nieur by the way . 
  * most of them ( if not all ) are accessible to anyone , some you can enter with good grades others with a national concours = on merit . 
  nothing to do with `` knowing someone '' or whatever . 
  you can enter everywhere if you are good enough . 
  * you can study human sciences in prepa litt\u00e9raire as well , in science po ... you have also good choices for this kind of studies . 
  * lot of top tier schools are outside or paris ( most of them ) the only points i can agree on is that the infrastructures for the public universities ( faculties ) are often quite old and not very sexy + that the universities of france have less visibility than their counterparts in england/the usa . 
  i would blame this on the separation between engineering school/business schools and regular universities . 
  if you combine all of them together in a city then you might have something which can stand up to big campuses in the uk . 
  but we chose to have the faculties + grandes ecoles and business schools apart . 
  some of our business schools are top notch ( insead mba , hec paris , essec . . ) , some of our grandes ecoles are also top notch but less visible due to the concurrence of big monsters like harvard/oxford/cambridge . 
  the infamous paris no go zone are full of jihadists and sharia law enforcment teams . 
  it 's basically like in afghanistan . 
  at least that 's what was shown on fox news, 
  french gastronomy influenced the cooking in all western civilisation ; lot of things that you eat now and consider trivial comes from the french . 
  just sayin, 
  what does your country know about defense ? 
  flair up pussy, 
  i for one bow to our ( soon ) eastern european economic overlords, 
  pretty sure france treated the colonies better than belgium or england . 
  you are correct . 
  we usually eat our cheese on a wooden platter , served after the main meal . 
  we usually eat it with bread too though . 
  but ... you really like the cheese :'(, 
  well , france has tons of cheeses and not only smelly ones . 
  i am pretty sure that there is more diversity in french cheeses than in the netherlands , which makes absolute sense giving the fact that france is bigger and more diverse geographically . 
  but i get that you defend your dutch cheese pride while we defend ours . 
  no need to downvote the guy into oblivion for stating a different opinion than yours though . 
  absolutely , i was just making an observation about those rankings . 
  let 's have en entente cordiale and agreee to share the top position  cheers buddy, 
  at some point you really have to put your sources into perspective , it is very common in anglo-american sources to rank uk above france even if : * france has pretty much more of absolutely everything * france has the technical knowledge to build everything and not rely on foreign expertise/industries * france is more active in conflicts since quite some time, 
  if germany conquers and occupies and integrates france into germany pretty sure kids being born would be german and i would become german cause france will not exist anymore , for the time germany occupies the country of course . 
  if then france becomes a country again i would be french again .
