  good for you . 
  it 's just an observation , 
  you never miss an opportunity to shit on us right ? 
  i am pretty sure they will . 
  france - germany in the past , now we 're bros france - uk still alive ( to a much lesser extent though ), 
  praise the sun, 
  this guy spills nonsense in every thread on / r/europe , i would n't pay attention, 
  i am just stopping by to point out that france has developped her nuclear arsneal and most of the army on her own ( including top tier aircrafts ) , uk is a lot more dependant on foreign powers for their army . 
  a conflict between the us and uk is highly unprobable but it gives the us a lot of say in the uk army . 
  soverignity matters . 
  i was rather responding to the yank , 
  yes , but give louisiana back . 
  du ... du hast !, 
  jesus get over it, 
  first of all it is bullshit that there is more sushi restaurants than kebabs . 
  second a sushi restaurant is a restaurant , with a design , usually with better infrastructure , better sanity standards and better food than a kebab . 
  sushi restaurants do not contribute to lower the standards of a city offering concerning food , kebab places do . 
  so when you want to promote your city as a good place for food you will not crack sushi places first but kebabs because when tourists and visitors walk the street they will be neutral to a sushi place but might get a bad feeling from tons of random gross kebab places . 
  got it ? 
  it 's mostly about protecting the `` image '' of the cuisine rather than the cuisine itself . 
  sushi has better press and is seen as more healthy ? 
  betrayal ? 
  dude one guy died on a boat , he was n't even a kiwi . 
  was the operation messy ? 
  yes . 
  is it a tragedy that someone died ? 
  for sure . 
  is it on the french government/army ? 
  definitely i am not sure it is a reason to get all sentimental and shit and talk about betrayals , world war 1 and 2 and whatnot . 
  my fellow comrade here has problems with his expression and self control though , we will make sure to put him in the coldest cell of the bastille dungeon to cool off . 
  i guess it 's not exactly the same when 150 people die in a concert hall and when one person dies by mistake in a military secret operation . 
  nevertheless the fact that this man died is a tragedy and is clearly on the french government/ops . 
  yep , i aswell build my opinions on comments on facebook posts , reddit threads and 9gag memes . 
  dude get real . 
  cycled the lake , was a fun ride , lot of bicycle tracks lots of places to stop for a beer or for an ice cream . . a good 1 day circuit . 
  what is your point ? 
  people are allowed to use breton , provencal , catalan and corsican if they want . 
  of course it is part of the culture . 
  it is just not the official language . 
   as far as i know , people who speak those languages are not very happy with the french government and france right now . 
  would n't they be happier if their language had better recognition in their country ? 
  this is absolute crap and the 5 people you talked to are not representative of the nation . 
  well yes , switzerland benefits from being a wealthy nation , which gives stability and makes everyone happy and dull , i am living there since 3 years in the german speaking part  . 
  but when conditions of life start to be more difficult then people start to blame other folks , especially the ones different from them . 
  but anyway , france imposed french as the national language to increase unity . 
  that 's it , no real reason to call it `` terrible '' or `` sad '' , it was the strategy at that time , a time of rebellion and where the unification of france under one banner was key . 
  and it is especially ironical coming from a catalan , a region that plays the `` we are richer than yall '' card to push for cecession . 
   every traffic jam we found had a traffic jam in the end . 
  what ? 
  well i am not sure the french would enjoy having part of the territory willing to secede from the country . 
  lol why in warsaw ? 
  and why no germans ? 
  14.10.1066 never forget, 
  got any proof on that ? 
  last time i checked the leclerc proved itself in combat, 
  maybe you should research your facts first , pretty funny that you stoped answering me once you got schooled . 
  no , it means france get 13 billion and pays 21 ... dude wtf is wrong with you . 
  just look here , maybe it will make this clearer for you : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html do you understand what is a net contribution ? 
  in case not : http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/net-contribution.html are you wondering why the countries getting more money than they pay from the eu have their crosses in negativ you smartass ? 
  how dense can you be ? 
  you are completely retarded , the graphs shows exactly that france is a net contributor , with italy , germany , and 6 other countries . 
  maybe this will make it more clear to you : http://english.eu.dk/en/faq/faq/net_contribution god . . 
  dude we are giving more than we receive : http://www.businessinsider.fr/uk/brexit-eu-members-net-contributions-and-net-funding-2016-12/ where do you think the money is coming from ? 
  i can agree on that . 
   at least this time you wont have to surrender to germany . 
  this is pathetic to be honest  wo n't go into details , just wanted to point that out . 
  but it is pretty interesting that you consider us as the bad guys in wwi . 
  you mean , besides subsidizing them for the last 15 years to accelerate their growth ? 
  they store us nuclear warheads on their territory , those are still us warheads and germany will not be able to use them without the agreement from the us . 
  building a european defense is exactly to make ourselves less dependent on the us . 
  i still do n't see why purchasing nuclear warheads from the us would be cheaper than purchasing them from france directly ? 
   the uk/germany/etc . . should just get the united states to pay for everything what ? 
  why would the us agree to give for free nuclear warheads ? 
   i presume france would be in charge on any native nuclear weapons program , but that the majority of nuclear warheads would be furnishes and paid for by the united states . 
  why would the nuclear warheads be furnished and paid by the us while we are already making ours ? 
  cycled whole liechtenstein in about one hour , did not see much people in the street , saw a nice small castle . 
  i like their vehicles plates , they look nice in black . 
  here it is , blaming us for losing to the germans . 
  we lost , i accept it , i also understand the reasons why we lost , maybe you should also get over it . . 
  did you read this article ? 
  all i see is :  who noted that this sentiment did not represent the majority views of either the french public and the french government , and reaffirmed their support for the polish-french alliance . 
  [ 8 ]  it `` fell largely on deaf ears  it was however less popular among the general public ; thomas sowell cites a french poll around that time showed that 76 per cent of the public was supportive of going to war over danzig  a number of modern polish sources cite this slogan arguing it was the dominant view shared by a majority of frenchmen and even the british , claiming that the general mood of those countries was such that their citizens did not want to fight for their polish ally  following french defeat by germany and the creation of the vichy regime , d\u00e9at became an advocate of fascism and a nazi collaborator , going so far as to look for support in nazi germany for his fascist party , which was more radical than the vichy regime so you mention an article , written by a scumbag , that nobody cared about as some kind of justification to make us feel guilty about wwii . 
  i am half-polish half-french , altrough i was raised in the french system , i lived in warsaw for a few years and visit regularly my family living in poznan . 
  and i have to say , that looking from my point of view i am very disapointed at decisions and stances that poland is defending trough their leadership . 
  maybe it is a matter of perspectives but nationalism is a dangerous road , and i swear to god , poles are really really nationalistic . 
  to the point where from the outside you can feel that they have a real hunger for respect and for power , they would love to be a big player on the scene , to be a leader and to be acknowledge as a power . 
  i am not sure they are taking the right steps in that direction . 
  and once again , i lived in warsaw in 98-99 , if i compare poland from that time to now it is fucking day and night , poland has developped tremedously during that time . 
  it is absolutely obvious that poland has benefited immensely from the ue , making it even more hard to accept this rough opposition to the european project . 
  i doubt i would be happy to have muricans building bases all around my country . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  yes , and also creating those human rights in the first place . 
  how 's life there ? 
  you are correct , army is pretty well perceived here . 
  in general i mean . 
  people would not mind getting it bigger . 
  i would personnaly like to have a second aircraft carrier for instance . . 
  we are defintely aiming at increasing it to  2 % . 
  split the costs, 
  some economies are less focused on exporting .
