haha we are right there around the corner , we will join you soon enough bro !, 
  france here . 
  england and germany as historical ennemies , and england and germany again for biggest rivals . 
  today i think we get along quite well , the english are still trying to diss us sometimes in their medias and are a bit euro-sceptic , so i think that we naturally got closer to germany . 
  to be honest i do n't see how we can really begin a new war between the big 3 in europe nowadays . 
  what ? 
  western europe is then the atlantic ? 
  14 october 1066 best day of my life, 
  maybe :p, 
  england would not exists , it would have been conquered and assimilated for good, 
  holy shit that is digusting . 
  this just sounds like the slave games during the old rome times or something . 
  marathon in flip flops ? 
  what ? 
  yes but we are not talking about the future are we ? 
  ok here is a quick copy paste from one of my old comments : sigh . 
  i do n't know maybe because those websites are usually ran by anglo saxons who are a little bit biased toward uk and the us . 
  anyway , i did n't say that france had the strongest , i said it had the biggest . 
  just in terms of personel : france : 215 000 + 98 000 gendarmerie uk : 191 410 if you want we can do a breakdown on all stats , numbers of planes , of tanks , of destroyers , aircraft carrier , submarines , nuclear warheads ... 
  here are some stats : air : uk has 103 eurofighter fgr4 , 4 f-35s , and about 100 tornados that are being phased out . 
  for a total of 210ish ( not ocunting the royal navies air stocks ) france has 96 dassault rafale , 40 dassault mirage 2000 , and 80 dassault mirage 2000n/2000d for a total or 216 fighter/multi-role aircraft ( not counting the french navies air arm ) ( all mirage 2000s are scheduled ot be replaced by the rafale some time in the near future ) navy : same number of submarines , air craft carriers , one more for france , amphibious warfare ships : one more for france , destroyers and frigates : 2 more for france nuclear warheads : 75 more for france ( that we built on our own , you know , not buying them from the us and stuff ), 
  this is just false . 
  my mother is polish and teached me when i was a kid . 
  i still go to poland every one or two years to visit my relatives there  also lived for 2 years in warsaw when i was 13-14 hehe, 
  but anyway it is quite natural for us to be upset when other nations do not agree with us . 
  especially when we have the `` we give you money '' card . 
  sorry for the mistakes in polish , it is a difficult language on the writing side , i am better in spoken polish :p, 
  your attitude is kind of toxic and shows this special mindset that some people in the east have : gib money but we do n't want to share the burdens . 
  thanks god not everyone in poland think like this and some people actually believe in a unified and integrated europe . 
  the eu is a team game . 
  it 's pretty sad for all those moderate muslims . 
  this events are not only killing infidels but also tourism in arabic countries . 
  that 's marine bread and butter . 
  criticize absolutely everything while remaining vague on the potential solutions . 
  thank you friend , 
  it seems about right , 1800 for a studio in the city centre is what i would have expected . 
  1500-1600 for a single appartment in zurich but not in the center  and 1600-2000 also for a 2-3 room appartment in the cities around zurich . 
  not really , i am living 20km from zurich with a buddy from school so we pay 800 each . 
  i will move in september in zurich with another buddy and pay 1200 each/month . 
  if i want my own place i can find some for 1600-2000 / month . 
  so pretty much 2-2 .5 time more than what i am paying right now . 
  taxi driver went from being a service job where customer service , reliability and effectiveness were key to a bunch of fuckers who do n't care about the customers and try to screw them in any possible way . 
  i have awakened a few times getting back from parties in the back of a taxi to see the guy taking long detours to make me pay more . 
  i should n't have to open my gps everytime to be sure that i m not getting tricked . 
  i am not even talking about those who are rude , do n't want to pick you up because it 's not on their way , are spending the whole time talking with their buddies or wifes on the phone , do n't want to be paid by other means than cash without a receipt . 
  fuck this mafia . 
  competition can only elevate the average service level . 
  i really hope so , but i am not sure i will be able to sustain this rythm of work for 20 + years , 
  here we go : 29 years old french male . 
  french `` grande \u00e9cole '' engineering master 's degree graduate , 5 years of experience in france , moved to zurich switzerland last year where i work in consulting for private banks : i earn around 115k / year , let 's agree on around 8000/month after taxes * 800 goes for rent ( i m doing flatsharing ) * 230 goes for medical insurance * 130 goes for mobile phone * 45 goes for internet * 600 for food i would say * 2000 for restaurants , party , a week end somewhere in europe which leaves me with around 4k to put on the side every month, 
  eating cheese , sipping wine , shaking hands , visiting our caribbean lands , fucking bitches . 
  flawless . 
  i like to read this kind of stuff while sipping on my coffee in the morning . 
  ( + baguette/cigarette/mimes / white flags ), 
  absolutely nothing , it was a great week end , i just have the feeling i saw what i had to see and i do n't really see the point of coming back . 
  well to be fair i was in istanbul this year . 
  it was a good week end , but i doubt i will ever go there again . 
  are asos / spotify etc really considered startups ? 
  yeaaah about the free movement . . 
  it does not stop them from controlling peoples at the border in switzerland , 
  yeah well , i guess usually it comes from a lack of communication . 
  giving the fact that people are more and more keen to learn english this stupid belief will disapear . 
  who cares anyway , france is really cool to visit for holidays , especially during summer , 
  would you mind to flair up ? 
  too much countries would be able to say this , i ca n't really figure where you come from, 
  not sure what you got downvoted , this is exactly the reason why they go there . 
  no ridicoulusly hard entry exam and cheaper life for same diploma . 
  not sure yet but i will blame it on the roastbifs anyway . 
  and for good mesure here are 2 quotes from the battle of austerlitz : * francois 2 , emperor of austria , after the battle when he was discussing redition terms with napol\u00e9on : * the english are meat traders , they pay others to fight in their place * * after hearing about the disastrous battle the english prime minister , william pitt , who was leading the coalition , asks his aid to unhang the europe map from the wall and said : * fold it , it wo n't be any use for the next 10 years *, 
  at least you could have aimed for a better spot , like th\u00e9 groin . 
  at least we have our backs on that matter , there will always be someone to hate us . 
  * you will never walk alone *, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you . 
   `` i , an ethnic minority woman , can not be racist or sexist towards white men because racism and sexism describe structures of privilege based on race and gender and therefore women of colour and minority genders can not be racist or sexist , since we do not stand to benefit from such a system . '', 
  oh my god . 
  well , on one hand it 's not ethically nice to complain , on the other hand , man , when you worked for a few month to afford to take your family on holidays you want it to be actually relaxing . 
  small exemple : you are on the seafront eating in a restaurant and migrants are watching you from the opposite side of the road stuffing yourself with seafood while they stay hungry . 
  not the nicest setup imo . 
  i guess there are some , from the poorer class of the population mostly . 
  poverty and lack of education makes people search for scapegoats , this is the trademark of the front national : i m miserable because of the blacks/arabs/eu / left wing/right wing/immigration . 
  you just have to pick one, 
  singapor i guess , lots of swiss banks are trying to get customers there . 
  note sure how i feel about it working in tax reporting for private banks in swiss . 
  i guess more clients will want tax reports but at the same time banks will loose clients as well . 
  france following the events of january 2015 and boko haram/islamic state events , france keeps on militarizing herself and we assit to the creation of a `` sort of '' totalitarian regime where we are still a republic but personal freedom is greatly reduced and the politician class is hidden behind a smoke wall of bureaucracy and laws . . france has left what remained of the ue ( a few balkan states , austria and germany , the rest having melted into the scandinavian islamic caliphate , the sunny-vacation states and the nussr ) and closes her borders to keep the hordes coming from africa at bay . 
  citizens are growing and living in a closed state with no real cross-border vision and no real knowledge over the doings of the government . 
  shortly after a single charismatic individual takes over the power , and leads the country with an iron fist . 
  a few years later a revolution is on her way but get repressed easily due to the ability of the government to see into everybody 's lifes/conversations/social interactions . 
  of course , after the revolution attempt is rebooted , our charismatic leader declares war on the uk and ask public apologies for the infamous killing of jeanne d'arc . 
  we can not let this happen . 
  si c'est comme ca on va cr\u00e9er un nouvel \u00e9tat : http://loractu.fr/metz/8114-la-moselle-veut-fusionner-avec-le-luxembourg-et-trois-autres-regions.html * if that 's the way it 's gon na be we 're going to merge with luxembourg , wallonia , saarland and rheinland pfalz !, 
  this is just gold . 
  o'rly , please elaborate, 
  why so ? 
  guillotine !, 
  marrons ? 
  it 's a perfect fit !, 
  well yes , we have also morrons over here , just charge them and prosecute them accordingly , and please keep them there , 
  good news !, 
  my favorite polandball,
