polka  pretty awesome pick one, 
  is describing turkey as lovely neighbours sarcasm ? 
   plagiarists, 
  pretty hilarious when you read up on just how badly england prepared for that tournament , because of just how overconfident they were . 
  ended up losing to a team comprised entirely of amateurs ( the guy who scored the winning goal did n't even live in the us for most of his life ) , and going out in the group stage . 
  can anybody explain what `` bruni empire '' means ? 
   bad classical music :(, 
  godwin 's law strikes again, 
  exactly . 
  there 's lots of disagreeable things about islam but that does n't mean you can spread whatever bullshit you want about it, 
  * vomits *, 
  all joking aside that looks really cool, 
  no thanks, 
  or italian ? 
   wealth and living standards wont be closer together magically just because of this budget , we wont have german , danish or french `` living standards '' in spain until we work and produce like them , the spanish laboral market needs a lot of reforms . 
  i think part of the reasoning behind the budget and eurobonds is that it will force reforms in the pigs countries . 
  also , `` contrato unico '' ? 
  you can just get rid of labour court uncertainty and drastically reduce severance payments for people on permanent contracts , you do n't have to get rid of permanent/temporary contracts entirely, 
   that does n't make sense . 
  the main reason of relatively lower productivity is the weight of low productivity sectors . 
  car manufacturing is very productive and tourism and retail are low productivity and such is life . 
  well , that 's kind of the issue is n't it ? 
  investment in spain seems primarily directed towards low paying and less productive sectors . 
  investment towards more productive , innovative and advanced sectors in spain ( and southern europe in general ) is a lot lower than the rest of europe . 
  there 's also a whole bunch of regulations ( size and money related , mostly ) which prevent spanish businesses from growing and becoming competitive, 
  it 's great that you guys are recovering economically , but if you do n't increase productivity , invest in r+d , trim the bureaucracy ... then the salaries are gon na stay crappy forever and ever, 
  i mean , i 'm not going to deny that cromwell had a large influence on british history . 
  but 10th place is still way , way too high for him when you take into consideration all the bad things he 's done , especially when you 've got great men like alan turing and michael faraday ranked lower than him . 
  yeah , and the british list also had oliver cromwell in 10th place . 
   they were slower to recover from the great recession , but i bet they 'll soon be one of europe 's fastest growing economies . 
  they already pretty much are . 
  which is a lot more than i can say for my own country :(, 
  that 's better than in most of europe dude . 
  is the smugness really necessary, 
  still , our lgbt and women 's rights , while not perfect , are leagues ahead of theirs . 
  plus , we do n't have the fucking death penalty . 
  even if we 're talking about language , it 's still incorrect . 
  the correct term for the chinese language is \u4e2d\u6587 ( zh\u014dngw\u00e9n ), 
  lower social progress than fucking japan ? 
  wtf, 
  thank you , 
   swedish progressive 70 's music is quite good , though yeah , forgot to mention that . 
  your death metal is quite good too, 
  - very pretty , cute girls - godawful cuisine ( the infamous surstromming comes to mind ) - ikea - shitty pop music - the wet dream of many an american liberal, 
  it 's called a joke , my guy, 
   the new study also confirms that people sweeping out from turkey colonized europe , likely as a part of the agricultural revolution , reaching germany about 7,500 years ago . 
  those damn turks , invading germany since time immemorial . 
  yes , we know we have an unstable government , no need to rub it in germans . 
  i meant in terms of gdp per capita and wages . 
  and , y' know , unemployment . 
  we were n't doing too badly in the 00s either , before the economic crisis that is ... 
  it 's almost like you do n't have to follow all aspects of an ideology , to be part of that ideology . 
  how convenient is that ? 
  yeah , people keep ignoring that lots of leftists across europe are anti-immigration . 
  the likes of clinton , obama and merkel are not leftists , they 're centrists at best . 
  i do n't know why the alt right keeps regurgitating that shit . 
  mika hakkinen and kimi raikkonen, 
  well , i 'm also american lol . 
  hover your mouse over my flair . 
  japanese food is n't half bad either . 
  yeah , anglophone countries tend to consume a lot of junk food . 
  why do you people blame everything on americans ? 
  yeah , i mentioned below that i forgot about greece . 
  forgot about portugal , they have some pretty decent cuisine as well . 
  oh , and greece , too . 
  - their reputation for sucking at warfare is completely undeserved - culturally very similar to us italians - only cuisine in europe i 'd gladly eat , aside from ours and spain 's - still mad at us about the 2006 world cup , for some reason, 
  it also does n't help that a lot of schools do n't have foreign language education . 
  at least when i was growing up there they did n't teach foreign languages , do n't know if that 's changed though . 
  americans still suck at saying spanish names though . 
  well , non-hispanic white americans do , anyways . 
  source : am american through citizenship , lived in the usa for all of my childhood and adolescence . 
  but you 're japanese . 
  only place i 've seen len pen is the telegraph lol, 
  most pointless asterisk i 've ever seen lol, 
  what 's with japan and south korea as well, 
   is it the lack of daylight well , you brits would know about that , would n't you :p, 
  is this mandarin ? 
  you got any sources for all that ? 
  i looked up that statistic about 40 % of germans under 18 being of migrant background , and the best source i got was breitbart ( lol ) saying that 40 % of germans under * 5 * are of migrant background . 
  they used to own parts of my country at one point, 
  estonians for mass incarceration 2017, 
  spain is a lot more similar to us culturally than switzerland . 
  plus , we italians think that the swiss ( ticinesi , at least ) look down on us . 
  90 % of modern italian culture has its base from roman culture too . 
  to say we have no connection to classical rome is ridiculous, 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
  rome originated in italy , not to mention that for almost all of the empire 's history , the center and seat of power was in italy . 
  i understand that ancient romans are very different from modern day italians , but the same could be said of many other ancient civilizations versus their modern day counterparts ( egypt , greece , persia ) . 
  [ enrico fermi - created first nuclear chain reaction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrico_fermi ), 
   men and woman are equal they are n't ? 
  delet this you heathen, 
  brexit , trump , erdogan turning his country into a dictatorship , and fucking le pen has a chance of becoming president in her country . 
  this decade keeps getting worse and worse . 
  the good old days, 
  yeah , especially east asians seem to have quite the cultural superiority complexes , for some reason, 
  top kek but in all seriousness , i think the entire world acts like that , not just europe, 
   and considering that the usa started the fucking mess that became the middle-east did n't europe start that mess though ? 
  and by europe , i mean britain and france . 
  just when you thought japan could n't get any more random, 
  kek,
