to be honest that does not sound appetizing . 
  you beat up your pizzas ?? 
  in french 101 i learned si six scies scient six cypr\u00e8s , six cent scies scient six cent cypr\u00e8s . 
  which one do you prefer ? 
  i think aldi nord is named trader joe 's in the us and i like them . 
  i remember you 're the french one with the funny dog . 
  [ in the 1960s and 1970s the fbi convinced americans that hitchhiking was highly dangerous . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/11/opinion/sunday/hitchhikings-time-has-come-again.html ), 
  is that safe ? 
   also 4g everywhere is a thing that 's missing from many mainland european countries . 
  that 's surprising . 
  i would assume coverage correlates with population density . 
   swiping card without pin number in the us is the most bizarre thing ever . 
  how a country with so many huge tech companies can take so much time adopting a really basic secure tech is beyond me . 
  fraud liability laws . 
  why update your cards , costing $ x across millions of cards , when fraud costs $ y and x times millions  y ? 
  well fraud costs have risen so y is greater and in 2015 the switch to chip cards began . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  you say that it does n't matter , but you might end up with https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xklqalietka ( nsfw ? ), 
   [ the canibal of rotenburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armin_meiwes ) : two people found each other on the internet and they shared a fetish - canibalism . 
  while the dream of one was to eat another human , the dream of the other was to be eaten . 
  well , they pulled through . 
  still a better love story than twilight, 
  jeez , britain, 
  stealth wealth , huh ? 
  what conspiracy is about that ? 
  oh i had assumed the importing was from e.g. 
  canada , not another e.u. 
  country . 
  the past is a foreign country : they do things differently there . 
  how common is alcohol at work events ? 
  i 've seen booze at small ( american ) companies , but at big companies someone will have over-indulged and gotten it banned for everybody . 
  why ? 
   note : all those american pick up trucks come here through grey imports . 
  this often makes them cheaper to buy new than for example a vw amarok or transporter . 
  grey imports might lead to a crackdown . 
  in the us mercedes benz convinced lawmakers to ban them so we ca n't get any of your fun sports cars . 
  british english : estate american english : ( station ) wagon, 
  oh , and it 's easy to make friends or get a date ? 
  i think so but i do n't know . 
  i 'm one of the klutzes i mentioned ; i 'm only playing in something that hardly keeps score . 
  what does good craig mean ? 
  no luck catching them cows , then ? 
  shaker towns ? 
  wow that 's like southern california, 
  yeah look at the dude 's history . 
  it 's like he 's posting the same basic question as nauseum . 
  imo this is the biggest reason . 
  even within the us , money is concentrated in silicon valley . 
  cities like austin texas have a startup scene but your pool of investors is smaller so it 's harder to find ones that believe in your company . 
  richard branson ? 
  carbon offsets are inexpensive ... you could offset a transatlantic flight for less than twenty euro, 
  my perspective is from the united states where gas is almost tax-free . 
  ah i did n't realize europe was afflicted with e10 too . 
  hmm , sounds expensive but not absurd . 
  i pay 45 euro cents per liter for low grade 90 % gas ( 10 % ethanol ) and i pay 85 euro cents per liter for top grade 100 % gas ( no ethanol ) . 
  what about pedestrians ? 
  why would people call the police ? 
  i think you mean shake shack but steak & shake is pretty good , especially considering its low prices . 
  what did french think of obama supporting macron ? 
  what about careless people ? 
  last year two campers from out of state extinguished their campfire with rocks . 
  the ashes ignited a forest fire . 
  thousands of people had to be evacuated so the campers were charged with felony arson . 
  they must perform community service in the burned area and they must pay a $ 1,250,000 fine . 
  some people think this is too harsh but others say ignorance is not an excuse . 
  what sort of punishments do people usually suffer ? 
  are team-building exercises common ? 
  are your floors mostly carpeted ? 
   lots of people were actually encouraged to go there in the 50 's , both by our own government and the canadian/australian governments why ? 
  they should move an hour northwest to nederland lol, 
  huh ? 
  the dutch have taken over my breakfast . 
  i have to stop by the dutch bakery and get stroopwafels every time . 
  omg so jealous, 
  soda ? 
  do atheists feel culturally protestant/catholic or are they sort of independent ? 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  teaching creationism as fact is not legal in public schools ( interesting cases are the scopes trial , mclean v arkansas , edwards v aguillard , and kitzmiller v dover ) . 
  that 's only legal in private ( i.e. 
  religious ) schools or home-schooling . 
  how do alpine rural areas differ from lowland rural areas ? 
  intentionally ? 
  month day year is terrible . 
  great link . 
  i read somewhere an eye-opening post about how dutch cities used to have car centric streets ( but not to an american extent ) . 
  conscious decisions in the 1970s or post-war era led to the bicycle centric streets . 
  have you heard of paris syndrome ? 
  french has a lot of sh and zh sounds imo . 
  that would surely be faster by bicycle ... 
   mcdonald 's is huge in france . 
  we 're second in number of restaurants after the us . 
  it 's a big part of young people lives . 
  i 'm so sorry, 
  ouch, 
  ha , it seems newspaper comments are shitty the world over . 
  your food is bad and you should feel bad !, 
  / zoidberg seriously though , that is not pizza or spaghetti then , but a poor imitation . 
  holy shit, 
  kind of related : can i ask your opinion on the fictional tv show occupied ?
