  it 's hard for me to square the complaint that peanut butter is too sweet and europeans prefer nutella . 
  what does that mean ? 
  is the government required to clear sidewalks ( not the homeowner/business owner ) ? 
  can you bet on your own elections ? 
  i know that some people bet on the french election , but is it legal to bet on an election that you vote in ? 
  varies wildly based on the school . 
  an in-state school is like $ 15,000 per year but a top tier school like the ivy league might be 3x or 4x that . 
   europeans do n't respect lift lines and will step on your equipment that 's terrible, 
  should n't you always have snow in the mountains ? 
  it 's that he was a catholic and not a protestant . 
  how does `` putain '' work ? 
  i have seen it translated as `` bitch '' ( seems tame , kinda offensive ) or `` fuck '' ( offensive ) . 
   there was also a coin shortage in the 1970s , candy and payphone tokens were used as substitutes . 
  that 's nuts !, 
  wow , similar to america 's `` sovereign citizens '', 
  whilst ? 
  i watched the eagle : a crime odyssey on tv on the european subchannel ( a lot of niche programming is put on secondary channels on american over-the-air television ) . 
  it was pretty entertaining . 
   also murder mysteries like midsummer murders are ironically british i think ? 
  cozy mysteries, 
  visit sometime . 
  if you make it here i will buy you a beer . 
   you have to go out of your way to not have it ( at least for new cars ) why ? 
  switzerland : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/ch_international_vehicle_registration_oval.png outer banks , in america : http://media.urbandictionary.com/image/page/obx-639.jpg, 
  i 'm glad to see greendale is finally getting some recognition outside of my own state , colorado . 
  what about business parking lots ? 
  i know that many businesses here use a truck like op 's to plow snow . 
  a unimog would be overkill . 
  holy shit , this has got to win . 
  what ? 
  footloose is a documentary ? 
  space = pot ? 
  the vests are supposed to be only for animals that are trained to lead the blind , help with a seizure , etc. 
  but you can buy the vests anyway and i believe the law forbids people from demanding proof ... 
  care to elaborate ? 
  is it better , worse , or just different from american tsa ? 
  how should i dress ? 
  what should i say ? 
  what should i do in everyday life ? 
  the world rally championship is popular in europe , at least compared to america . 
  would you call it popular ? 
  have you ever watched ? 
  in person or on tv ? 
  if yes , are you a fan ? 
  do you feel strong loyalty to teams from your own country ? 
  are you a fan of other motorsports ? 
  why do you think wrc is unpopular in america ? 
  it 's not unusual for americans to move across the country when choosing a university . 
  they want to be independent , to transition to adulthood , and to avoid nosy parents . 
  i did n't because i was poor a.f. 
  i needed the bank of mom and dad , the laundromat of mom and dad ... did you move a long way ? 
  for the same reasons ? 
  is this common ? 
  the annoying insects vary widely in america . 
  i can leave the door to my deck open and sometimes moths will come inside , but mostly there are n't enough bugs to worry about . 
  yet when i stayed in florida it seemed like my room was under siege from all kinds of insects . 
  what is it like where you live ? 
  if you have n't heard of wal-mart , it 's a big box store that sells a little bit of everything . 
  it is famous for its low prices and most stores are open 24/7 . 
  if you visit wal-mart at odd times of day you will meet people that are somewhat on the fringes of society . 
  people that are very poor , people with bad hygiene , homeless people , the mentally ill , the morbidly obese -- these are not the majority of customers _ but _ they are common enough . 
  is there anything comparable where you live ? 
  you have lots of vacation , so when you use it , do you pick a car , train , or plane ? 
  are road trips unusual with such high gas taxes ? 
  do you take trips that are too short to fly ? 
  do you often take high speed trains ? 
  if all options were the same price , which would you choose ? 
  my state is very dog-friendly . 
  i 'm the only person i know who does n't own a dog . 
  many/most restaurants have dog-friendly patios , or at least have a water bowl for dogs . 
  some dog owners buy a `` service animal '' vest for their dog so they can take it anywhere . 
  what about your home city/country ? 
  a lighthearted question : when do your shopping malls and radio stations begin to play christmas music ? 
  december 1 ? 
  sooner ? 
  i think they ought not to start until thanksgiving is over , but a local radio station began after halloween !, 
  last weekend i had to drive my parents around in their ford excursion . 
  it 's nearly 6 meters long and fully 2 meters wide . 
  it was unpleasantly large downtown , perhaps because i 'm used to my toyota 4runner . 
  it took me a few tries to successfully parallel park ( very frustrating ) . 
  i said to myself `` it must be worse in europe . '', 
  many places in america have co-opted the white oval with place name inside it , and i learned that it began as a european thing . 
  american tourist destinations use them as advertising , like a badge of honor . 
  `` i have been to [ place ] and i am proud to have done so . '', 
  are eu country stickers purely informational , e.g. 
  `` i am from [ country ] so i am used to that style of driving '' ? 
  or do they carry pride , like `` i am from [ country ] and i 'm proud to be a [ countryman ] '' ? 
  i 'm an american and i 'm used to having just pizza or chinese delivered . 
  some other cuisines do delivery but you can get pizza no matter where you are in the country . 
  i 'd like more variety : it is the spice of life . 
  if you 're holed up at home with no desire to leave , what kinds of meals can you summon ? 
  those of you who read for pleasure ( hopefully everyone ) : do you tend to read most books in your native language , most in english , or most in your native language but translated from english ? 
  ( or most in a different language altogether ? ), 
  do you think your response is similar for the country as a whole ? 
  for fun : what kinds of books do you read ? 
  in 1970s america beards were popular , they became less popular in the ~ ~ 80s and ~ ~ 90s , then they became popular again in the 10s . 
  is it the same story in your country ? 
  ( or more like `` do n't call it a comeback !, 
  i 've been here for years ! '' ), 
  do you have adults playing sports for socializing and not competing ?
