as said our famour general `` one can not make omelette with boiled eggs '' . 
  it means that our nation states are the only place where democracy can be relevent , and europe is the daily proof of that , with its constant anti democratics methods . 
  plus the euro zone is in [ a crazy plainly liberal non sens ] ( http://world.std.com/~mhuben/faq.html ) . 
  otherwise for one state to become true , let 's call it the 4th reich to be more accurate and stop lying to ourselves . 
  we are too differents to live together !, 
  it is sad , but it is true . 
   i think we 're all aware that in a conventional land war , russia is doomed . 
  the problem is their nuclear arsenal . 
  i think not , and that 's part of why i do not like that our warmongers of the nato gouvs try to go to war with russian federation . 
  well this chart is not a very good army power indicator . 
  think of ukrainian rebels in dombass . 
  outnumber from 1:5 to 1:10 , with less equipment , they managed and defeated a state army . 
  true they were defending ( as always does russia btw ) but what made the difference is the moral , the will to win , and the good commanders who lead them . 
  remember that those `` good commenders '' were almost certainly helped by russian army , while kiev commenders were helped by nato ... 
  i wo n't bet on us . 
  an other thing is that , if you look at french spending , and you compare to the reality of our army , you will see a huge gap between spending and number of weapons in the barracks . 
  why would we do that to canadians ? 
  we do n't hate them !, 
  there 're even better with uncle sam than in our mess !, 
   1 ) russia could not use nukes because instead of just regime change it would have meant no russia at all . 
  i do n't get your point ? 
  if ever the nato tryed a conventional attack , ussr would reply with nuclear bombing . 
  everyone was aware of that hoppefully . 
  plus , why would nato even do that when its ennemy capitulate on its own ? 
   2 ) `` did they attack or were they attacked ? '', 
  they attacked as you know . 
  neither ukraine or georgia were threatening russia they just were not doing what russia wanted which was their right . 
  georgia purposly bombarded russian onu troops . 
  for ukraine , there is no official war against russia . 
  did ukraine declare war against russia , or reverse ? 
   3 ) `` the question is not who they invaded , but who started those wars ? 
  you avoid responding . '', 
  -- i have very clearly stated the fact that russia started those wars . 
  no you did not , and that was smart because it is not true in either case . 
  i might be wrong , just prove it . 
  meanwhile i prove my point with [ that ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/08/08/idusl8187260 ) . 
  for ukraine , we yet have to get some proof that russia is involved * officially * . 
  ( similary , we are waiting for the same kind of proofs for the russian accusation about usa implication on maiden 's coup d'\u00e9tat )  4 ) `` who decided to help the unlegitimate coup d'\u00e9tat in ukraine ? 
  who gave money to georgian mad militaries to attack ossetia ? '', 
  none of those issues are any of russias business . 
  why do you say that ? 
  on countrary russia had a kind of survive business with ukraine : without crimea russia would not exists anymore in black sea and mediteran sea where it have vital alliances , and they had huge import/export relations around food and eastern ukraine industries . 
  we are talking about realpolitic there , not just legal one , are n't we ? 
   5 ) russia is not even close to being a democracy . 
  wait and see if putin voluntarily leaves when his current term is over . 
  if i go your way i do n't live in a democracy either , since all our laws come from a unelected commission in bruxel , and since that only ps and ump ruled our state the exact same way from at least the past 40 years ... 
  the truth is that russia ca n't have the same democracy as europe because they deal with other problems than us , like a huge corruption . 
  putin is very popular in russia , so he was elected again and again , no surprise there . 
  much like germans , russians do n't like to change their governements as often as we do in france or us/england . 
  it is a cultural difference . 
  do you know anything about * narodovlastie * ? 
  if you really want to understand russia 's mindset , you may start there : http://blogs.mediapart.fr/blog/thomas-porcheron/080315/russie-et-democratie ( in french ) . 
  for instance `` citizen '' is a * culturaly * meaningless in russia !, 
  i do n't even pretend i understand that , i just admit it is different from us . 
  you may also try [ `` explanation of ideology : family structure & social system '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emmanuel_todd ) to get a larger idea of cultural differencies between different people . 
   if we had wanted to we could have over run russia maybe a nuclear war did not seem like a very good at the time may be ? 
   instead we demobiized , established diplomatic relations and opened trade with them . 
  this is not what somebody trying to over run your country does it depends on situations . 
  for instance gb and usa used this `` free trade agrements war '' against france , india and such on many occasions . 
   russia which is far from being a super power invades ukraine and several other places like georgia and threatens more places like georgia and threatens more places like estonia/latvia/lithuania . 
  did they attack or were they attacked ? 
  you should know the answer better than i. 
  when did they threaten anyone ? 
  do you have evidences of that or do you speak about old bombers which are , chronologically , replies against nato 's own planes and threats ? 
   i would say when they started invading their neighbors such as georgia and ukraine . 
  the question is not who they invaded , but who started those wars ? 
  you avoid responding . 
   i 'm not saying that they are an evil monster but if they start a second cold war then i certainly think they should pay all of the costs for both sides and yes after the invasion of ukraine who took the first `` sanctions '' ? 
  who decided to help the unlegitimate coup d'\u00e9tat in ukraine ? 
  who gave money to georgian mad militaries to attack ossetia ? 
  those events do n't seem to aknowledge a russian imperialism . 
  and , if you ask me , it is quite logical since russia miss things for it like an economy , an population or even a seemly army ...  i think it is time for regime change in russia . 
  last regime change was in ukraine , and see what happened . 
  if you really wish the same for russia , then you are the one who likes blood . 
  plus russia , like it or not , is a democracy now . 
  for instance russian were angry against putin because he did n't react strong enough against ukrainian attack on donbass , where many russian lived before the war . 
  if you change the regime there , then you end the democracy too . 
  but you may be anti-democrat ? 
   i also think that putin is trying to pretend that the ussr never collapsed and that russia is a super power what make you think such an amazing event ? 
  all what he did for 15 years putin is in charge does n't look like this is his hidden agenda . 
  you make even that statement yourself ( russian low pop and economy , and you missed a poor army compared to ours ) !, 
  i do n't see how in the world russian gov coud possibly neglect these facts and think again of empire . 
   in return they want to restart the cold war which is a huge diversion from the threat of islamic terrorism and a huge drain on resources for both sides however you look at it . 
  really ? 
  cold war looks very much more like an american obsession , not a russian one . 
  what facts make you think that may i ask ? 
   they should be allies with the west not trying to build up conflict with the west . 
  as far as i can tell , they tried to ally , then had their economy struggle and all americans promises about otan being betrayed . 
  and where did they * build up conflict * ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  when did russia officialy * started * a war ? 
  russia obviously is not a angel . 
  but making it look like an evil monster wo n't help to understand their actions . 
  ho i agree with you , but russians would answer you with kosovo , which happened the same way and without a vote , and they would be right too . 
  they could also answer that there was no official governement by the crimean referendum time , and be right too . 
  i think russians were wrong on a legal point anyway , but they were right do to so on a humanitarian point of view . 
  otherwise i fear the situation would have look like lugansk and donesk , or even worse , with much more people , weapons and refugees . 
  russian may even should have done the same in donesk , but i believe they wanted to have the control over the whole ukraina , and they could not possibly achieve that goal with donesk out of ukraine . 
  sure we can blame russians for this , but we ( both french , euros and americans ) then should blame ourselves for much much worse ( irak , syrie , lybie , `` colored revolutions '' and so on ) , do n't you think ? 
  yes it is true .
