i 'm not disagreeing with you , european countries can not be expected to provide shelter to those that do not need it or to those that break our laws . 
  i still ca n't agree that personality traits should be considered when someone is looking for asylum . 
  that 's not in accordance with the rule of law . 
  whether or not a person receives help should be based on whether or not they need help not if they are likeable as a person . 
  people can complain all they want about whatever they want and that is no problem . 
  refugees are under an obligation to act according to rules and laws the same as anybody else , they are not under an obligation to not whine or to be grateful . 
  just like europe is under no obligation to provide every refugee with the `` american '' dream or whatever other fantasy they expected . 
  they can complain but we do n't have to listen . 
  i do n't know if you guys are talking over each other 's heads or what . 
  i do n't think what people are reacting to is so much that refugees can want luxuries or that they have what might be perceived as `` petty '' complaints but that there is sometimes the implication that europe has an obligation to provide these luxuries or take these complaints seriously . 
  buddy , if you think passive agressive mentions of crimes comitted by asylum seekers is the `` gloves coming off '' you have not been paying attention to european history . 
  well shit , are you surprised people try to avoid this kind of change when you lump it in together with violent uprisings and foreign invasions ? 
  just because change happens that does n't mean all types of change are inevitable . 
  we can prevent this change if we want to . 
  you remind of the people who claim global warming is no issue because the global climate , given time , will always change anyway . 
  i also doubt you think europe becoming more nationalist is an inevitable change that we just have to deal with . 
  during ( parts of ) the cold war we also had one of the larger air forces in the world and the ability to mobilise 100k troops on short notice , up to a million in two weeks . 
  as someone said above , neutrality becomes much easier if you have a strong military capability . 
  that may well be , but in representative democracy you still elect representatives and not rulers no matter how the germans feel about migration politics . 
  i was reacting to the fact that preciousdoggy said that the germans have to `` deal with '' what merkel decides until the next election . 
  you do n't vote on who you want to rule ( the people rule ) you vote for who you want to speak for you . 
  if you want to never again suffer under an opressive regime you might want to make sure that politicians know their place regardless of if you agree with them or not . 
  that 's not how democracy works and you know it . 
  a government does n't get to do whatever it wants in the interim between elections , it was imbued with the power to carry out the will of its voters and if it fails at that this power can be rescinded at any time . 
  electing an individual to wield absolute power is literally a dictatorship . 
  so much for a sustainable future . 
  i 'm not an expert here , just saying . 
  germany will process refugees themselves rather than sending them back to the country in the eu where they `` turned up '' . 
  i 'm not sure if that is strictly legal but who is going to argue with germany taking a bigger burden upon itself ? 
  i suspect sd will have much more success in sweden than similar parties in other countries . 
  they 've been shut out of pretty much everything and as such have been forced to build a grasroots movement , their voters are actually loyal to them ( this is the reason they are `` immune '' to scandals btw ) and pretty much all alternative media lives off of treating sd better than established media . 
  i could see sweden ending up with a dominant party system with sd as the dominant party , similar to the way it used to work with the social democrats . 
  she declared it dead for germany , presumably . 
  so germany wo n't be part of the dublin agreement anymore , but that does n't mean it is dead . 
  if we need it to meet demands . 
  we could also have both , a military mostly based on volounteers while reserving the right to conscript if there are not enough volounteers . 
  just a note , sweden has not been neutral but rather unaligned ( not part of an alliance ) . 
  and the 200 years is the ammount of years we have been at peace not the time which we have pursued a policy of non-alignment which stems from the world wars and was kept ( officially if not in practice ) during the cold war . 
  as for the actual article , i think it makes sense for us to in a major way rebuild our military and seek very tight bonds with finland and the baltic nations within the framework of nato . 
  especially when it comes to finland it would almost make sense to just have a shared armed forces . 
  nato also should n't be an excuse to have a subpar military . 
  the scandibalitc region should not have to rely on nato to withstand even a full scale russian invasion , but it would be nice to have backup . 
  edit : it was of course supposed to say that nato should n't be an excuse for a subpar military , not that it should be . 
  are you thinking of malm\u00f6 ? 
  the sea will take denmark but spare sweden . 
  now we know who the gods truly favor . 
  putin looks like he is bothered to be there , like the whole thing was medvedev 's idea that putin sort of agreed to . 
  putin used to enjoy tea with medvedev but now that he is one of the cool kids he feels self conscious about hanging out with his nerdy friend . 
  medvedev looks a bit like mr bean , not in looks but in facial expression . 
  you could use that land for homesteading ( why though , is there a need ? ), 
  or for refugee camps . 
  that could be a way to deal with massive ammounts of refugees but then that would also be all you could offer . 
  no free housing ( beyond a tent or such ) and no free services . 
  just some land for farming or a refugee camp like you have close to the war zones . 
  the problem is n't that there physically is not enough space in europe it is that our social infrastructure can not cope with a large influx of people that will be a net loss for at least one generation . 
  not to mention that millions of people in shantytowns all over europe would spawn a lot of crime and i doubt people would be comfortable with the abject poverty right at their doorstep which would lead for calls to include these refugees in socials services , which would pose the exact same problem we have now . 
  that time we built a massive flagship , the pride of our fleet and the scourge of the baltic sea , which immediately sank due to shoddy workmanship must be up there somewhere . 
  the problem with your first point is that it just is n't true . 
  swedes are the native population of sweden and we and or our ancestors have existed here for thousands of years , there have been no significant demographic change until now . 
  this rhetoric is copied directly from the us and while it may work there it can not be applied to sweden . 
  swedes have a right to not have their very existance doubted by government officials just as much as any other ethnicity and to disregard this and back it up with official policy would be a crime against human rights , as silly as you may think that sounds . 
  free as fuck over here . 
  scandinavia , keeping the ruskies out since 1972 . 
  sucks to be you lithuania . 
  europe did n't go on a `` global rampage '' . 
  european countries treated other countries like they treated each other . 
  as did everybody else . 
  european countries fucked each other just as hard as they fucked any other country . 
  idiots with political agendas just like to frame it as if european countries are the only ones blessed with agency and all the rest of the world just kind of sat there before we came along . 
  hey bro , watch it with that edge , you almost cut me . 
  how do you equate calls for resignation with being brainwashed ? 
  if people just accepted this you would n't be hearing about it , you do realize that ? 
  what really pisses me off is the massive stacks of cash we 've spent on this . 
  this is money that could have been spent on so many great things . 
  we could have wiped out unemplyoment or guaranteed housing for everyone or rearmed the military or built the greatest education system and healthcare system in the world . 
  the money was obviously there all along they were just never willing to spend it on us . 
  from my point of view the jedi had judicial powers . 
  i do n't think you have to shave . 
  frankly , the kind of person that would harm you for that is going to harm you anyway . 
  so , i mean , at least the beard wo n't matter . 
  seriously though , you are very unlikely to face any trouble . 
  sorry about that , coal has not risen to replace nuclear power . 
  must have just read that it was the largest source of electricity and made assumptions from that . 
  still , nuclear should have replaced coal before thinking about replacing nuclear with something . 
  as it is now a mostly green alternative was replaced by other green alternatives . 
  edit : largest source as in the single largest electricity provider , not as in over 50 % . 
  they actually get it from an environmentally friendly alternative known as `` coal burning '' . 
  it is little known but environmentalists all over europe are fighting to bring this amazing green technology to their respective countries as well . 
  once we get rid of nuclear , we can all rely on coal power for our energy needs . 
  they should agree to enact an inofficial first past the post system between themselves so that the largest always gets to form a government and pass a budget . 
  i hear that effectively ended any nationalist sentiment in sweden . 
  the voters will be understanding . 
  of course it 's possible , plenty are like that already . 
  it is not something that a government is going to be able to fix in four years but if it there is agreement between parties ( at least to an extent ) and a concerted effort among government agencies i 'm sure we can hack away at these parallel societies , slowly but surely . 
  harder things have been done . 
  nobody is fleeing , they are just finding more lucrative opportunities elsewhere . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  fleeing implies having to move in order to remain safe and nobody ( statistically speaking ) is doing that . 
  stupid finland always keeping the baltics down . 
  there is a huge difference between not being allowed out past ten and your entire neighbourhood and extended family working together to make sure you do n't break cultural and religious rules , often with the threat of violence should you not comply .
