  they ca n't fly under the radar or use their size as a protection and they ca n't garner any sympathy by being native to an area . 
  a large chunk of europe already believes that islam is incompatible with western society . 
  the step from just believing that to also believing we need to take steps to remove them from western society is just a matter of how much of an issue people think islam actually is . 
  do n't confuse european kindness for a lack of claws . 
  it 's also enough time to get a sole majority . 
  terrorism is n't just making people scared and then politicians react to that , though . 
  every crime is going to scare people and an increase in a type of crime can cause political action . 
  the actual motive behind a crime has to be to spread terror in a population . 
  what we have right now is just a bunch of buildings burned down , there is as far as i know no reason to suspect that the perpetrators are connected to each other or that the crimes are . 
  would you call the people who burn cars every summer or so terrorists ? 
  i would n't feel comfortable calling them that just like i do n't feel comfortable calling this terrorism . 
  i also feel like there is a marked difference between `` fuck you , there ai n't gon na be no refugee housing here . 
  martha , fetch me my gasoline and my matches ! '', 
  and `` we , arsonists against refugees , have burned these buildings and will continue to burn buildings until we see the political change that we want . '', 
  in the previous scenario the motive was burning down the building and in the second one that was just a means to achieve political change . 
  eeeh , maybe ? 
  no group has left a manifesto or taken responsibility for this and it is very unlikely that it would be a group at all . 
  i think this has more in common with sabotaging construction equipment because you do n't agree with that skyscraper being built on what used to be a park . 
  terrorism implies a group purposefully targetting civilians in order to spread terror in order to get some sort of political change . 
  i ca n't get that from what is happening here . 
  i wish i lived in more enlightened times . 
  yeah , we could spend less on refugees here and double the unhcr budget at the same time , allowing time to help more people or give a better quality of life for the same ammount . 
  the ones who are for continuing this really have no leg to stand on at all . 
  i never used to feel personally affected by politics , it was more like sports for me , i might get pissed off or angry for a moment but then i went back to whatever i was doing and forgot about it . 
  this actually pisses me off the same way somebody kicking me in the nuts would piss me off , it makes me sick and it does n't go away when i do something else . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with a desire to be decent , that would require people to sit down and think about it and then decide that they want to make a decision to be or to be seen as decent . 
  it 's more that this is just how it is . 
  there is a certain spectrum of things that are `` normal '' to believe and anything outside that is either strange and laughable or evil and must be fought . 
  give it ten years and i would n't be surprised to see that things have completely switched and and a new set of things will be true and `` obvious '' . 
  nobody will recall ever having thought differently , just that there were other dangerous or strange people that thought differently . 
  oh , i looked it up properly and i was wrong . 
  his sentence has actually been set but for 51 years . 
  this means that at the earliest he could get parole in 2016 , after 34 years in prison . 
  the life sentence in sweden actually does mean prison for life , or more accurately , prison for an indeterminate amount of time , minimum 18 years . 
  this sentence can later be converted into a normal prison sentence . 
  so say you was sentenced to life and now you 've sat 25 years . 
  you get your sentence converted to a 30 year sentence and now you have 5 years to go . 
  the longest set sentence in modern time has been served by leif axmy for a double homicide , 34 years . 
  there are several people serving life in prison who still do not have a set time , either because it is too recent or because their request has been rejected . 
  this guy might not spend his entire life in prison , but seeing as he is 35 currently he is going to be an old man when he gets out . 
  edit : leif axmyr actually had his sentence set to 51 years . 
  meaning he can at the earliest get parole in 2016 ( 2/3rds of sentence ) , this would have seen him spend 34 years in prison . 
  it was more like , in public discourse there was a very narrow spectrum of acceptable ideas and it was encouraged by the government ( indirectly ) and the media to ridicule , belittle or `` take action '' ( like firing or ostracizing ) against anyone who had ideas that fell outside of this spectrum . 
  people against todays immigration were never all painted as racists , it was more that they were failed individuals or `` angry young men '' searching for easy answers to hard questions and they were being led on by hitler in disguise . 
  i kind of got the impression that when it came to immigration you were encouraged to be `` dumb '' . 
  it has changed drastically in just a few months though . 
  things that would have been unthinkable just a while ago are par for the course now . 
  things are just so dire right now that it is completely impossible to keep up the previous status quo . 
  yes , if you are citizen of norway , iceland or any eu country or have a permanent residency permit and have lived in sweden for three consecutive years you can vote in local elections . 
  how do you mean ? 
  like for votes ? 
  do you mean a residency permit ? 
  i honestly do n't think that should be the immediate concern , it can take years to have your asylum application processed in sweden . 
  worst case scenario is 700 000 people arrive before the first ones have even been processed and then you have to house and feed and police all these people . 
  700 000 people is 7 % of sweden 's population pretty much all arriving at once . 
  i do n't see how we could house that amount people at an even remotely reasonable cost without tent cities . 
  these would have to be policed and the only institution that can do that is the military , police wo n't cut it . 
  and since a lot of these would not be granted asylum you have a situation with thousands of angry young men all in one place that are set to be deported . 
  recipe for humanitarian disaster if you ask me . 
  true , but not everybody can do this . 
  not everybody even has anything to really contribute with . 
  the most important tool for change the average person has is still the vote . 
  sd is the most popular party in the country right now ( i do n't want to say biggest until polls are actually confirmed by elections ) . 
  at this rate they could well be the largest block by themselves come next election . 
  shit , if things continue this way i would n't rule out them getting a majority , 700k new people in a year is a hard pill to swallow . 
  what else do you want people to do , overthrow the government ? 
  we should build armies and ships until russia is officially threatened , then we send a diplomat to improve relations and when relations are over 190 we offer vassalisation so we can diplo annex them ten years later . 
  after we feed them china , of course . 
  eh , vietnam and japan are smaller than several european countries . 
  those students are wrong then . 
  there is no shortage of unskilled laborers , swedish or otherwise . 
  given the option even them spoilt swedes would rather be a cleaner than live on welfare . 
  if they have better options they are probably going to pursue those , but that is true for everybody . 
  even low income earners in sweden earn a relatively high wage compared to what they could make . 
  you will be able to survive on any non shady full time job . 
  your picture of sweden as a place where swedes are all doctors and immigrants work for a pittance is wrong . 
  the students that told you this are idiots ignorant of how their own country works or they are pushing some political point . 
  my guess is they might have `` copy/pasted '' their ideas from the american left . 
  sometimes you see that with the left here , they 've just completely lifted a phrase or argument from the american debate that makes no sense in our context . 
  where did you get this ? 
  sweden is not the uae . 
  the whole `` they do jobs we do n't want to '' is just as bullshit as `` we need them for pensions '' . 
  at least in europe . 
  by more solid charges i mean , why not make up rape charges that would have an easier time sticking and would be more severe ? 
  surely if the us can convince the leadership of two sovereign countries to commit treason then it should be able to convince a woman to seduce assange and let the cia beat her up a little . 
  why not go with `` assange took a woman home and when she said no he beat her half to death '' rather than `` assange had sex with a woman when she was sleeping '' ? 
  even if he is convicted there would be many people going `` eh , that ai n't so bad '' . 
  do you realize that you are arguing against your own position ? 
  you beg a good question , if this was a conspiracy then why not fabricate more solid charges ? 
  this seems to be a theme with conspiracy theories , the shadowy group that controls everything is both omniscient but also extremely incompetent . 
  the only one of these i have heard of is sambo , which is common . 
  i could see kombo being used by particular types of girls but i 've never heard it . 
  mambo i do n't think anybody would use as it would have weird sexual connotations . 
  for roomates we just say roomate but in swedish , but roomates are not that common herr . 
  something i will never understand about you guys is this , if being a virgin is such an issue for you then why not just lie ? 
  you ca n't proove irregularities in the swedish court system by referencing things that happened in greece or the us . 
  who exactly would take this decision ? 
  who do you believe has the power to order a court to make a specific ruling ? 
  any healthcare professional be that a physician , nurse , pharmacist , whatever , that would aid in the suicide of a physically healthy person is a disgrace to their field and to humanity in general . 
  assisted suicide should be about allowing people to escape a situation that does not allow for basic human dignity and from which there is no recovering , not about projecting this stupid romantisation of suicide on the healthcare sector .
