  we need to take care of our children no matter who their parents are , maybe it was a mistake to bring them here in the first place but since they were most likely born here and are citizens it is our duty to make sure they have the same opportunities as anybody else and they do n't right now . 
  it is completely unacceptable that there are people in sweden who grow up as if in the third world . 
  there needs to be a concerted effort to `` swedify '' these suburbs in a fashion that does not take into account the sensitivities of religious and ethnic groups . 
  it has been a huge mistake of the left to allow people to be herded into groups and to be represented by whatever organisation screams the loudest or by people who have taken it upon themselves to shoulder the white man 's burden . 
  the obvious first step is to start taking these things as seriously as abuse in swedish households , spread awareness in schools that this is wrong and urge children to talk to authorities . 
  have a stern talking to families where this goes on and make it clear that it has to stop , if it does n't or they attempt to take the child out of the country you take all children away and put the parents on trial . 
  `` keeping tabs '' on anyone , child or adult , with the intent of cultural or religious opression would be punishable by a few years in prison . 
  this behaviour needs to be illegal , severely punished and most importantly of all eagerly proscecuted . 
  russia invaded and then held a vote to quickly annex occupied territory , you ca n't trust a vote like that . 
  it 's like when a parliament or senate votes itself out of existence or when a ruling party in a one party state holds a vote and conveniently is re-elected by 99 % of the population . 
  i would be careful using only one measurement as an indicator of how well a country is doing . 
  sweden can have both an increasing gdp as a whole and financial issues for the state as well . 
  often they are connected , sweden has to spend more on refugees which increases gdp because the state is putting money into the economy . 
  it could also give the illusion of a rising gdp per capita if refugees awaiting processing do n't count as residents . 
  sweden wo n't collapse , i do n't even see how it could . 
  norway is probably just guarding itself in case our government decides to stop accepting anything but un quota refugees . 
  leading many asylum seekers in sweden to go to norway . 
  it 's strange on the whole to try and draw some sort of paralell between black americans and immigrants to europe . 
  one having been brought as slaves by colonists and then mistreated until just a few decades ago and the other having come of their own volition to work or even having been accepted as refugees . 
  not to mention that black americans have no less right to the americas than white americans , while in the european case one clearly has a stronger `` claim '' , what with being natives and all . 
  i think it is fair to call a party that was up until 2008 called `` national socialist front '' a nazi party , yes . 
  and i do n't where you 've heard that they ever got more than 4 % of the vote . 
  the best they managed was something like 0,07 % in national elections . 
  they managed to win a chair in a few municipalities , one of which had to be given up because the representative did not live in that municipality which is a requirement . 
  maybe that last part was what you heard about and whoever told you had confused it with what you described ? 
  my name is not sven . 
  if you threatened me to not release information then it would be wrong if somebody claimed `` reddit threatens users to not release information '' . 
  if you read `` germany is imposing stricter regulations on alcohol consumption '' you assume that it is the german state doing this , not one or two private companies that will have fewer opening hours to combat alcoholism , in fact if that was the case you would probably assume someone is deliberately trying to elicit a stronger reaction than this piece of news actually warrants . 
  aftonbladet is not sweden , dn is not sweden , expressen is not sweden , etc. 
  it is wrong to claim that because these guys are willfully chosing to present news in accordance with their ideology that `` sweden is censoring its news '' . 
  if ikea and some other furniture retailers decided they are all about `` family rights '' now and thusly stop selling to homosexual couples , does that mean sweden has banned homosexuals from buying furniture ? 
  there are plenty of news outlets , that are growing quite large , that will present a different view than the old ones and fria tider is just as accesible as aftonbladet . 
  if the state was controlling the news then you would expect to at least need to use a vpn to access websites that contain dissenting opinions or for that matter , places like reddit were you might be exposed to `` subversive elements '' . 
  you remember wrong . 
  there are no banned parties in sweden , there are communist parties that run for elections as well as a nazi party that disbanded just last year . 
  there were interment camps for communists , anarchists , german refugees and criminals during ww2 but that obviously had nothing to do with this . 
  that had more to do with trying to contain subversive elements during a very tense period . 
  maybe `` no censorship '' is wrong . 
  there is no state censorship of newspapers based on political affiliation . 
  there is , or at least was , self censorship by newspapers on issues of immigration and attempts by the same newspapers and other news outlets to supress the spread of information on these issues and to spread falsehoods about the extent of the problem . 
  but there was never any sort of law passed by the `` parliament '' that would give the state power to censor news about immigration issues . 
  the post i responded to claimed sweden is censoring its news , which would imply the state is doing it . 
  that is not true . 
  there are alternative news outlets that are very eager to point out ethnicity and to shine a light on various migration related ills and despite thinly veiled threats from some officials that they would like for this to change , they are no less allowed to operate than the established news outlets . 
  the fifth one is an opinion piece about criminal suburbs and mentions that the influx of refugees will make this problem worse . 
  not exactly top notch censorship there . 
  the fact that some daily mail article ca n't be seen in sweden probably has more to do with some legal concern on dm 's part . 
  it seems unlikely that a state would ban one article in a newspaper rather than just banning the entire website . 
  one of the newspapers point out that the suspect in the other asylum murder is a grown man and an african . 
  it is an `` oppossition newspaper '' but it 's not like a state would be less likely to censor those , is it ? 
  there is no censorship going on . 
  a bunch of newspapers decided for some reason that they were not content with just covering news and debates from their own point of view and decided to pretty much actively campaign for certain issues and against a certain party . 
  that 's why issues with immigration have been covered in such a lackluster fashion , not because of censorship . 
  you can print whatever you want . 
  this resulted in a situation where the major news outlets in the country effectively took it upon ** themselves ** to cover up government failures in immigration and to act like propaganda channels . 
  this was a major violation of journalistic integrity and a threat to freedom of the press but it was not something official . 
  it was done by swedish newspapers not `` sweden '' , even if the old parties were not exactly unhappy with the situation . 
  what has gone down is bad enough as it is , no need to lie about it . 
  we 're not exactly a well adjusted family . 
  its always weird seeing pictures in color from this long ago . 
  everbody look like they are playing dress up . 
  makes me wonder what it is going to be like in 100 or 200 years , pictures and movies being so high quality now . 
  will people be more knowledgable or will instant acess to moving talking history just feed misconceptions ? 
  i know several people that came here as refugees , although not all in the current wave ( sweden has been doing this for a long time now ) so my social life would definately be different . 
  the government just pulled 303 mil meant for universities , as well as using the backdoor of charging more rent for their buildings , might feel that might not . 
  the few actually dangerous encounters i have had with people have always been with foreigners , but that hardly counts as daily life . 
  in general i would probably be doing the same things even if this had never happened . 
  i would also probably be doing in general , `` has your life been directly effected '' is a pretty shit metric . 
  we could have an unemployment rate of 30 % and most would not have their life directly impacted , but it would be a disastrous situation . 
  it also comes with the general implication that we should not give a shit about a problem unless it means we have to buy cheaper wine . 
  climate change wo n't mean a thing to me personally , i still care about it because i would like for humanity to have a future and for my great grandchildren to live a decent life . 
  my problem with `` meritocracy '' is that there seems to be no clear definition of what people actually mean . 
  for the most part our states are already meritocratic , people are hired and advance based on their merits in some fashion ( in theory ) . 
  people do n't inherit their position as middle management at the department of traffic . 
  elected officials are a really small part of the state and even then most people do try to elect the person or group of people who they believe to be the best candidates for running the government and making desired changes happen and not actually the person/party they believe best represents them and their peers even if that is what they are suppossed to be voting on . 
  this was not something the eu decided to do , it was all sweden and germany . 
  we ca n't act unilaterally and then expect the eu to cover our ass . 
  there is a difference between the econmy as a whole and the state and it 's budget and institutions . 
  it is perfectly possible for the state to overspend its budget and for various state institutions to be on the verge of collapse while still having a relatively strong economy . 
  i 'd imagine a realistic `` eu military '' would be closer to something like a tighter alliance and common military structure . 
  as well on some requirements on the size and such on member militaries . 
  i see you adhere to the moscow school of driving . 
  next up , ten greatest drinks for a long drive . 
  this fucking year . 
  nothing works out for us . 
  i blame the ^ jews and their ^ trickery ^ god ^ is ^ angry ^ get ^ your ^ pitchforks ^ citizens, 
  `` i sit in the middle of an empty room and ~ ~ procrastinate ~ ~ masturbate . '', 
  you do n't have to lie , this is a safe space . 
  what exactly would they threaten sweden with ? 
  war ? 
  sanctions ? 
  with what justification ? 
  `` we wan na dissapear a guy and they wo n't let us '' . 
  that would go over well in the polls . 
  not to mention that they could just ask for him , sweden extradites to the us . 
  you 're making the right argument but from the wrong side . 
  you ca n't equate the power of europeans with that of the muslim minority . 
  europeans as a group are much stronger . 
  it does n't come down to whether or not muslims want to integrate into european society or if they feel welcome . 
  they are too large a group not to integrate and too small a group to decide not to .
