also that they lost against bayer munich , arguably one of the top 3 teams in the world right now , not against hertha berlin or eintracht frankfurt ... 
  do you know what deported means ? 
  it means you are locked up and sent on a one-way plane ride . 
  it does n't mean you politely ask them to leave if it 's not too much to ask please . 
   extraordinary circumstances , so i understand if it is n't . 
  but still , it would be much appreciated . 
   true brit right here, 
   `` helsinki will host the 75th world science fiction convention , on august 9 -- 13 , 2014 . '', 
  this would be so much cooler, 
  weirdest comment i have ever read, 
  that 's no neighbour , that 's our long lost separated at birth twin :(, 
   belga said the prosecutor had also denied media reports that prospero 's access badge had gone missing . 
  ah forgot about breivik . 
  lock us all up !, 
   something i 've learned throughout the years about terrorism is never to say that a specific scenario can not happen because it has n't happened up until that point in time . 
   allright , let 's lock all of ourselves up then . 
  just because an european race ( because that 's your point , is n't it ) person has n't commited an attack , does n't matter it wo n't !, 
  i live in germany , in koln, 
  good point as well . 
  / r/europe can get civil towards the bottom comments who would have guessed . 
  much higher rape numbers or news about it ? 
  yes , they are not , but when / r/europe talks about immigration , they do n't talk about germans going to austria . 
  they talk about middle eastern , northern africans , asylum seekers in general . 
  and that is listed as 25 / 343 . 
  so if you want to get technical , yes 49 % must have been commited by foreigners . 
  but of those 49 % mostly ( from the only data we have ) were commited by germans , turkish or macedonians . 
   or we can blame foreigners by default / r/europe new motto, 
  no , he 's insane . 
  when a white dude does something terrible he 's insane , when a brown dude does it he 's an extremist !, 
  did you even read the article ? 
   it is unclear how many of the growing number of sex attacks can be blamed on foreigners . 
  the statistics show that in january there were 343 complaints about sex-related incidents . 
  in 175 cases , austrians are under suspicion . 
  a further 25 have involved concrete charges being made against asylum seekers . 
  another 43 involve foreigners from other parts of the world including turkey , macedonia and germany . 
  there was no information about the 100 remaining sex attacks included in the report . 
  even if you take the 100 unreported and apply the same distribution , you get 25 +7 = 31 by asylum seekers ( 9 % ), 
   the general assumption is that while few of them would be austrians , they would by far mostly be `` austrians . '', 
   nothing like a general assumption to be used as fact, 
   which has had its own borders for hundreds of years not really the case of austria with wwi and wwii but yeah i get your point, 
  well yes , you are very correct in your analysis . 
  but op is talking as if it were 49 % which is not . 
  if you distribute the remaining 100 cases according to the same distribution of the identified 243 , you get 7 additional cases commited by asylum seekers . 
  31 out of 343 . 
  while that is still high due to the points you very correctly made about their total percentage of the population , extrapolating this to 49 % is also ridiculous and unnecessarily alarming . 
  what ? 
  how do you get to that number ? 
  175 out of 343 were commited by austrians . 
  * 25 * were commited by asylum seekers . 
  that 's 7 % . 
  even below your 15 % threshold . 
  yes , yes i know , i was agreeing with your point , just some people jump the gun on this , but you were not who i meant , 
  yeah , that is true , out of these 175 , 175 could actually be austrains from birth and have a very different and deep cultural background . 
  but going immediately with that assumption without even considering they might actually be `` old school '' austrians is ridiculous, 
   85 % of people in austria are austrians , so this number strongly hints at a serious problem with immigration . 
   i really do n't get this sentence , could you explain it ? 
  15 % of immigrants hints at a serious problem with immigration ? 
  did you read the article ? 
   it is unclear how many of the growing number of sex attacks can be blamed on foreigners . 
  the statistics show that in january there were 343 complaints about sex-related incidents . 
  in 175 cases , austrians are under suspicion . 
  a further 25 have involved concrete charges being made against asylum seekers . 
  another 43 involve foreigners from other parts of the world including turkey , macedonia and germany . 
  there was no information about the 100 remaining sex attacks included in the report . 
  25 out of 343 involve the people op was blaming . 
  the minority does not make up the 49 % it makes up 7 % . 
  did you read the part were 175 out of 343 were commited by austrians ? 
  far right wo n't get you far in fixing that . 
   in addition , the `` austrians '' described are likely the descendants of foreigners . 
  how do you know that ? 
  oh yeah failed to see that detail , that makes sense, 
  well , a bar between 500 and 750 really does not reflect the 530 $ minimum salary in portugal . 
  our bar should be closer to turkey 's , but i know i 'm just nitpicking . 
  surely they would n't wait for an evaluation to `` determine whether her obsession is merely a phase or part of a more worrying infatuation '', 
  you are aware israel did not exist before wwii and palestine has been there for a long time right ? 
   it 's pretty hilarious they consider this a worst case scenario . 
   it 's a given ok , let 's talk again in may and see how many riots there were in germany and austria . 
  i see 2 , maybe 3 people who could be considered german just from a picture, 
  [ why do n't we link on them being grateful ? ], 
  [ does this work ? ], 
  when we had to draw it we mostly draw a yellow circle except the smart ass kid who would try to replicate the sphere and get his shit kicked in recess, 
   then our teacher would tell us that we were a bunch of pussies if we did n't fight for our country if spain invaded that 's what i call a good teacher right there . 
  im talking generally, 
   but this happens only in ~ ~ greece ~ ~ portugal , when the same people move abroad they wo n't dare to light a cigarette in a public space , which means that the lack of law enforcement and the `` assurance '' that their peers act similarly drive this behaviour . 
  i 've heard so many times the excuse `` i 'm not a sucker not to do that , everybody else does it '' . 
  hey , brother ... 
   the overcast weather say what ? 
  what bothers me the most is that in 10 years he will most likely get elected president, 
  not this one , benfica caralho, 
  as long as it does n't stop us from lifting the cup . 
  last time i checked betting houses were not defining the rules of the game . 
  no we do n't . 
  we consider draws when someone wins on penaltys . 
  after et is still a win after et . 
  [ a shoot-out is usually considered for statistical purposes to be separate from the match which preceded it ... in the case of a single match , it is still considered as a draw . 
  this contrasts with a fixture won in extra time , where the score at the end of normal time is superseded ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penalty_shootout ), 
  oh no you did n't, 
  lol boa resposta moleque, 
  if you 're south american , yes . 
  otherwise most definitely not,
