   i did n't see new buildings being constructed in my town for like 7 + years - despite its proximity to moscow and prices of homes and apartments comparable to berlin in samara construction is very active . 
  there are  10 new huge buildings are being constructed in 1km range of my home , still apartments are insanely expensive for locals ( half of berlin prices , with 1/8 of berlin salaries and 13-15 % mortgage ) . 
  a lot of apartments are not sold and absolutely most of underground parking places are not sold in buildings completed and populated a year ago . 
  the reason is known , a significant if not bigger part of construction costs goes for bribes . 
  in your case it 's also that any construction is uncomparably more profitable in moscow so there is no reason to build anything in other towns nearby . 
  well we always pay for russian geopolitical power one way or another , but recently these ways became completely absurd . 
  half a year ago it was announced that in 2014 all the payments to mandatory pension fund would be suspended to give them to current pensioners and returned in the fund later ( because there are otherwise no money to pay pensions ) . 
  but on wednesday this week [ head of finance ministry announced ] ( http://www.interfax.ru/business/382558 ) that all of that money were spent on `` crimea and anti-crisis measures '' and wo n't be returned since there are no sources to finance that . 
  i 'll pm / u/3dom to add this news to the list . 
  i do n't see any realistic way for russian state to change its policy , because all the putin 's power is shared with his friends . 
  he appointed trusted people on all the ministers , judjes , governors , state corporations top posts . 
  the system is self-sustaining and if putin suddenly dissapear they will choose a successor like yeltsin ( more precisely the family ) did , and whoever he would be he would be successfully elected since propaganda and rigged elections are smoothly running mechanisms already . 
  these people know that they are criminals and if something would go wrong ( lost control ) they would flee from russia with all their capitals to avoid retribution . 
  also we have federal districts and regions including caucasus and some far eastern regions like tuva which would declare separation once there would be no money to pump into , and some richer ones like tatarstan and other oil/gas producing regions may want to separate too to not share their economy . 
  i 'm not a fan of holding territories forcefully , but economic consequences would be terrible . 
  so i do n't expect any turn to the better without massive crisis first like that in early 90 's . 
  on the other hand ukraine showed that you can takeover the corrupted state without a massive disasters , we surely have china which can play like russia did in ukrainian conflict but i hope they have no territorial claims after putin gave them thousands km ^ 2 worth of islands they were asking for for a century . 
  anyway do n't take my words seriously since i do n't really know much about politics and economy , it 's just the most obvious and mutually hot topic now to talk about with westerners , and i need practicing english , for possible emigration of course  ** add : ** i forgot about the most realistic scenario , the oil prices could go down significantly and that would totally ruin russian economy since we have no more significant reserves or other so significant sources of income . 
  even for olympics and crimea spendings putin had to deprive all the working citizens of a year worth of pension money ( it 's mandatory pension fund , and all the money for 2014 are officially spended ) . 
  then there would be millions of hungry and angry people in streets , and new revolution . 
  here are a lot of people who do n't like putin 's policy and we are not a few . 
  sure anecdotal evidence does n't matter but i do n't see much putin supporters in the wild . 
  notably most of them ( who i personally know ) work in education : head of my school , politology prof. at my university , many teachers . 
  many state workers in general , and roughly half of all employees work for state in russia . 
  so things are far from good as well , but you already see that . 
  the problem is , if you do n't personally know russians who do n't support putin you 'd unlikely hear from them . 
  it 's pointless to individually go against propaganda , when for each sane person there is kremlin-bot with prepared templates . 
  you unlikely hear from russian objective journalists as well since russian companies would be punished for financing them , and foreign companies would n't invest in such a risky business all the more so because state does everithing to block access to objective media ( blocking websites , hostile takeovers , force their rebroadcasting partners to resign contracts , etc ) . 
  a few years ago you could go to russian popular websites and see a real attitude towards russian state when state policy became increasingly unpopular ( nothing compared with today but at that time still completely unbelievable ) , politics became the \u2116 1 topic on internet , rigged elections in 2011-2012 were followed by rallies powered by internet communities ( the only free space for objective media ) , biggest since 90 's , putin learned the role of technology and tons of pro-putin trolls appeared . 
  i waste a little bit too much time on internet and i remember that moment very well , many popular websites became strictly pro-putin , many websites with predominantly anti-putin audience were down for weeks for various reasons , some of them were restructured in disfavour of them . 
  that still continues and now you have a hard time to find political soulmates on internet if you do n't love putin . 
  but still there are some alive communities like http://politota.d3.ru ( some people fled from there to / r/politota / because owner of d3.ru harmed the community ) . 
  even on websites where pro-putin content is often upvoted you often can see evidence suggesting cheating on voting system or users who only post this propaganda type of posts and do n't behave like real person . 
  the main problem is n't the number of open minded people , it 's that we have no way to change something . 
  putin concentrated all the power in his hands , all branches of power are controlled , plus media , plus administrative resourse ( influence on  33 mln of votes of state workers plus  42 mln of pensioners , that 's popularity of all citizens and majority of all voters ) , putin 's friends are exempt from legal prosecution and any opposers are often punished illegally . 
  we have no legal and effective way to influence state policy , and i do n't see any people who are ready to defend their rights violently . 
  but a lot of my friends want to emigrate the hell out of russia , so you 're right , the more anti-putin russians are leaving , and his fans are staying so things are becoming worse and worse . 
  iirc russia offered to share russian existing radar station , not asked for access to nato ones . 
  i talked about propaganda and patriotism , not about ways different states exploit those . 
  it 's just a one more example . 
  it completely does n't matter what do you use as a propaganda tool , real things or fictional ones . 
  secons chechen war worked perfectly to boost patriotic sentiments as 9/11 did , while fictional ukrainian fascists work even better then fictional iraqi mass destruction weapons . 
  you are kidding now , right ? 
  it 's literally the same . 
  putin gained his initial fame on the wave of fear of islamic terrorism in chechnya . 
  nobody even knew him before he appeared on tv in role of terrorist fighter . 
  he gained all of his initial approval by playing on patriotic and nationalistic sentiments of people terrified by news coverage of thousands of soliders dieing in chechnya , constant terroristic acts and abduction of people by chechens for human trafficking and ransom extortion . 
  right before he was practically appionted in office of president there were series of bombings of apartment complexes , and tv made everithing to convince people that the next bombing may happen in their house . 
  everybody was even told to go and check their basements for explosives and watch any caucasus-looking people . 
  that boosted his approval ratings like nothing else could . 
  and now something like that happens again when all the media tell people that maidan are fascists and terrorists and that they are threat not only for ethnic russians in ukraine but also for russia itself and that all the russian opposition are extremists by definition . 
  nothing much to write about recent ukraine related propaganda , you see it by yourself . 
  but in russia it 's way more intensive , it 's literally everywhere . 
  this is a really massive propaganda which naturally influence people very deeply . 
  what is so very special in the way crimea ended up in ukraine ? 
  do you better like the way \u0414\u0430\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 became \u73cd\u5b9d\u5c9b or \u0422\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0431\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0432 became \u94f6\u9f99\u5c9b as well as tens of others far eastern islands ? 
  would you justify going war on china to return those territories ? 
  that 's not a policy that i want my country to employ . 
  if we gave up an important territory with no sufficient reason , that 's a mistake , we fucked up and all . 
  we should have not do that in the first place , but that does n't justify the bigger mistake to forcefully return the territory back harming all the people living there directly , and all the other citizens indirectly through the inevitable economic consequences of ruined international relations . 
  you live in russia , worked in politics , comment a lot on russian politics , ukrainian conflict , you are pro-putin , and you never heared of one of leading putins ' puppets who now works mostly on military related issues and whose name was on billboards and all the media all over the country on several occasions ? 
  does not compute . 
  really ? 
  you should have ignore any russian news sources completely since 2000 to never hear about his attempts to attract patriotic and nationalistic people to his party rodina or his hate speaches against nato , especially recent ones . 
  he may be not so well known as zhirinovsky but he 's equally crazy and hold a much higher office . 
  want some more ? 
  `` i analized sanctions imposed on russia and i propose usa to consider sending treir astronauts to iss via trampoline '' . 
  `` tremble , bourgeoisie !, 
  you 're screwed . '', 
  -- on the commissioning of the first borei class nuclear ballistic missile submarine . 
  `` the whole criminal world is in parliament ! '', 
  -- about russian government , he 's correct here though . 
  and finally [ he is a nationalist ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lb8ine8.jpg ) , here is his party 's electoral ad : '' [ cleanse moscow from garbage !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pibog5jtjqs ) '' , implying immigrants are garbage . 
  thanks , i have enough lenins in my home city . 
  yep , now immigrate to ukraine and wait for joining the eu . 
  russia is ultraviolet on this map with 9.2 homicides per 100000 . 
  here 's [ detailed map by federal district ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p0n1qoy.png ) ( [ source ] ( http://demoscope.ru/weekly/2013/0549/barom02.php ) ) , what you wanted to see on it ? 
  you forgot a new one , \u0417\u0430\u043c\u043a\u0430\u0434\u044c\u0435 ( zamkadye ) -- the whole country outside of the centre of moscow , beyound \u041c\u041a\u0410\u0414 ( moscow automobile ring road ) . 
  just recently an expert in one another court case recognized calls for freedom and human rights [ extremism ] ( http://www.sova-center.ru/misuse/news/other-actions/2014/06/d29716/ ) , so you see what 's it about . 
  this was my first thought after reading the title , though it only can explain the difference between russia and other ( less corrupt ) ex-socialist countries but not with western europe . 
  idk much about romania but rsfsr was the first government in europe to legalize abortion and though it was again outlawed by stalin until he died at least contraception was still legal and available ( probably not in every location ) . 
  again may be not a case in romania but in ussr aids appeared very late and numbers of cases were very small , due to isolation sadly . 
  also emancipation not only covers sexual issues , it 's also equality of opportunities to study and work , paid parental leave etc. 
  it sounds weird to me too but some people actually call oral sex ` french love ' . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  south african our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  russian 2 . 
  polish 3 . 
  hungarian, 
  economic left/right : -2.00 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.10, 
  [ during first 4 months of 2014 only 5 bandits were arrested and one killed , 110 illegal arms , 104 kilos of explosives , etc. 
  confiscated . 
  that 's several times less than during the same period of last year . 
  ] ( http://www.kavkaz-uzel.ru/articles/241430/ ) however in neighbouring regions of north caucasus there are [ acts of terror and counter-terrorist operations running every week ] ( http://www.kavkaz-uzel.ru/articles/243955/ ) . 
  funny -- no , but that hand floating in the air for a couple of seconds looked weird at least . 
  it 's also weird that volgograd region with 3 major terrorist attacs ( commited by dagestanis ) in target time period colored average tension while for example samara region with some minor events is high tension . 
  here 's the [ original sourse ] ( http://club-rf.ru/thegrapesofwrath/01/ ) btw , interactive and with the list of prominent events .
