really !? 
  do you know of any schools in germany with good programs in work and organisational psychology ? 
  i 'll head over there then , 
  thats a great source !, 
  thank you !, 
  i ; m still interested in discussion though, 
  i saw it , thanks for commenting !, 
  wow , bad news for expats, 
  well i 'll study abroad my junior year , but that will only be for 3-4 months . 
  i may take a gap year after i graduate to travel throughout europe , but that might not be possible if i have to start graduate school right away . 
  i may try and apply to graduate schools in germany , but i 've been told the programs in the us are better . 
  wow , if you need asylum i can contact my government . 
  ahh i see . 
  so basically the irrational fear of the outcome would blind them to the logical reasoning behind the positive changes that said politician would want to make . 
   what would probably get people really mad and would start this black and white thinking you see about some stuff in us news would be the anti nazi laws that currently censor video games . 
  if a politician would touch that , all hell breaks lose . 
  i post a lot in / r/askeurope , i 'm sure you 've seen me before . 
  i 'm a wannabe expatriate . 
  still in university in the states though , the opportunity to move to europe wo n't even arise for another 10 years for me, 
  thanks !, 
  all useful resources . 
  are the older names becoming more popular or have they just never gone away ? 
   i see noone answered for germany i noticed haha which happens to be the one i was most interested in lol i like tobias , and michael ( my middle name ) !, 
  i just feel like we should call them what they call themselves , you know ? 
  what do you call us ?? 
  they do ?!, 
  first germany calling themselves deutschland and now this , i hate being an ignorant american . 
  so do greeks call their own country hellas then ? 
  if not , why ? 
  those are all beautiful to me haha you are right , you must just be bored of them !, 
  wow , no offense to the other nations ( including my own ) but greek names sound the best to me . 
  what are the more uncommon but still acceptable greek names ? 
  are there any in europe ?? 
  dan , lucas , sophie , julia , and emma are all pretty common here too, 
  hmm , thats not too bad i guess , about 30-40 % more than american prices, 
  so overall , and i understand its near impossible to answer this because of the vast differences across europe , how much more expensive would you say living in a medium sized town is in europe compared to a medium sized town in the us ? 
  really ? 
  how much would say , a dinner at an average restaurant cost in germany ? 
  groceries ? 
  why ? 
  i am interested in living their but i 've never actually been there , so i really look forward to any anecdotal reasons to live there . 
  do you have a link for the ama ? 
  that is a good idea !, 
  i 'll wait a few days though since i think people would probably ge annoyed seeing practically the same question asked in a 48 hours period, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  you actually understood what i meant by my question instead of lecturing me on the difference between european countries and their cultures . 
  thats why i said `` generally speaking '' . 
  i was n't trying to offend anyone , sorry . 
  thats very interesting . 
  so the american style environments are generally frowned upon ? 
  i meant quebec city haha, 
  thats exactly why i said `` generally speaking '', 
  haha i would really enjoy coming to canada for vacation since it 's so close and it 'd give me a taste for europe ( where i eventually want to move and live . ), 
  what places should i look into visiting for the most european feel ? 
  i 'll have to buy a brita filter before i travel hahah, 
  hahaha i never even thought of that as an issue . 
  i feel ashamed to live in northern indiana and say that i 've never been to canada . 
  what 's it like there ? 
  i 've heard it just like a european country rather than like america . 
  is this true ? 
  that was a ton of help !, 
  it sounds like the german work environment is comparable to the us, 
  i have to say after reading all of that it all makes much more sense . 
  and i really already agree wi your second paragraph . 
  it 's one of the reasons i want to be an expatriate . 
  haha i do n't think we 're the best nation on the planet or the most free . 
  that 's why i want to leave !, 
   here people do n't have the illusion that they could get rich , i guess that is different ? 
  although i do not think that money is the main determinant of success , it just seems kind of depressing to me that its common within a certain society to just accept they they can never achieve something, 
  that 's interesting , i wonder how many people abuse that . 
  how could you find out about germany ? 
  i 'm from america , thanks !, 
  that 's a good idea and that would be fun as well and not a chore, 
  you 're a wo psychologist in europe ???? 
  could i please ask you some questions ? 
  if nobody answers by this time tomorrow , i 'll for sure shoot you a pm . 
  thank you for being so helpful !, 
  if i may , whats the overall work climate like in europe ? 
  is it competitive , high speed , strenuous , and cutthroat like it is in america ? 
  do you know anything about how it is in the uk or germany ? 
  dang , thanks anyway !, 
  thank you very much for answering , especially in such a detailed manor . 
  do you know what its like in germany or the uk ? 
  wow , that is all very specific . 
  is it this way across europe ? 
  or are you speaking for a specific country ? 
  this is the way it should be worldwide, 
  i thought it would be the same as well , but it does n't seem that way which is a pleasant surprise . 
  thats how i view success here in america but i think most other people here would define it as money . 
  that last statement was really depressing but aside from that germany , as far as the topic goes , sounds kind of similar to the us just a lot less calmed down about money . 
  i would say it is a thing in the united states , especially in a college environment because you have a large group of students majoring in what they want to do for the rest of their lives , and another large group of people who major in what they want because it will make them money . 
  why cant america be like this, 
  not yet , but i still have time to decide . 
  i 'm only a first year university student . 
  i 'm going to try and travel around when i study abroad in germany or maybe even go over during my gap year before graduate school . 
  thats nice to hear since germany is where i want to go right now for the most part . 
  duly noted . 
  i 'll head over there as i approach my graduation date . 
  i do n't think having the desired skills will be an issue since i plan on going to graduate school and , at the very least , getting a masters degree .
