especially with no evidence of actual wrongdoing . 
  a well-documented history of continuous invasion , annexation , murder , and rape is not enough ? 
   sometimes you always do . 
  nothing makes me feel safer than nato promptness and intransigence . 
  everything you know will be turned to soot . 
  why would you tiptoe around making an enemy out of russia when russia has proudly made an enemy out of you ? 
  wait , i know the answer . 
  because russophilia has been the cornerstone of the west ever since 1945 . 
  russians are the main victims of the russian regime guys , seriously . 
  transnistria - a russian military base . 
  the same thing was said about ukraine . 
  russian aggression is imminent . 
   there is nothing russia-related about the protests . 
  the protests may not have anything to do with russia . 
  but russia has everything to do with moldova . 
  people figuratively had something to live for in all of those instances . 
  ever as in ever . 
  virtually no cultures , no aspirations , no ideas , not even religion , nothing . 
  the nation state is currently dead and the eu is even deader . 
  transnistria is a russian military base , should be easy enough . 
  i would like to remind everyone that the european nationalism right before ww2 was still very much optimistic and at least tried to behave humanely . 
  the veil of western civilization has been pulled away . 
  the fact that the west supported almost every russian act of war in europe since 1918 is almost axiomatic , just not consciously acknowledged by some . 
  as is the fact the most any westerner can hope for is to spend his life on an inane hedonistic treadmill . 
  this puts romania and all of the east in a position of total hopelessness . 
  i do n't think that there 's ever been a situation in recorded history where so many millions of people had all but nothing to lose . 
  i do n't think europe in its entirety has ever been so volatile . 
  once russia attacks moldova , i do n't see how the war would stop . 
  unsurprising really , russians have survived purely out of the benevolence of the people who defeated them in combat . 
  the western mentality that facilitated russian aggression on the baltic states has n't changed either . 
  russia 's main weapon in european wars for the last 100 years has been western russophilia . 
  vouching for russophilia is vouching for infinite russian acts of war in europe . 
  how could trump embrace putin any harder than obama and the entire west is already embracing him ? 
  king michael . 
  the potential ... to ? 
  the potential to fester in cave for a lifetime , only leaving to spend your cock and fill your guts and the potential of transfiguration are equally present in modern man . 
  however , the sovereign nation state has so far proven to facilitate the latter , while neoliberalist and capitalist eu-style societies have so far proven to facilitate the former . 
  source : energy invested in all avenues of qualitative innovation , technological and social , and the hedonistic treadmill model at the core of the eu - which outright claims that there is no single higher ideal than having a spent cock and a full stomach - are inversely proportional . 
  i believe this is exactly the kind of thinking they used to justify colonialism . 
  just replace a few individual words and this might have been an excerpt from a 19th century manifesto . 
  you just proved my point . 
   just hop on over to chisinau for a quick reminder of what we looked like about a decade ago no gypsies , patriotism , and a basic biological condition strong enough to prevent the russian army from crossing the nistru river in 90-92 ? 
  all your other points are flimsy at best . 
  as far as i know , all infrastructure has been deteriorating steadily from ' 89 . 
  fast internet and painted apartment buildings do n't really mean anything . 
  the state and funding of cultural buildings is also irrelevant since there is no discernible romanian culture anymore . 
  the last point takes the cake . 
  you do realize that `` the old regime '' has been put away , and much more efficiently so , before 2007 , right ? 
  before 2004 as well . 
  even before 1990 , in fact . 
  politicians were being arrested left and right under ceausescu too . 
  what is the difference between now and the early 90s ? 
  what is the difference between now and before 89 ? 
  what is the difference between now and the 50s ? 
   i 'll take the west 's `` colonialism '' over the east 's straight up robbery of our culture , and its inefficiency any day . 
  meaning :  i 'm not a spineless mollusk that will relent to foreigners wanting to dominate me with their brawn , i am a * fancy * mollusk and i very much prefer the carrot , thank you very much . 
  african colonies could not leave the british empire due to military inferiority . 
  eastern european nations can not leave the eu yet due to ego inferiority . 
  in the same way that the british acquired most of their colonies through military superiority , the eu acquired most of its eastern members through social , economic , and ( false ) moral superiority . 
  in the same way tribesmen feared being physically destroyed if they opposed the british , most people here fear opposing the eu because it would supposedly paint them as regressive and make them targets for international mockery . 
  the eu - the state of affairs where everything east of germany must be a merkelik - is drawing to a close . 
   but hungary hungary seems to be willfully russophilic so the eu is a bit redundant in this case . 
  it is completely absurd to have 2-3 nations ( germany , france , and occasionally britain ) literally dictate the internal affairs of all other member nations through financial leverage . 
  it 's indistinguishable from colonialism . 
  it weakens members ' governments and societies by polarizing their * entire * political environment , forcing pro-eu politicians to become literal vassals and their opponents to became literal pariahs through constant dehumanization and painting targets on their foreheads . 
  it saps the most important resource of a nation - allegiance - and funnels it to fuel a pointless capitalist-neoliberal hedonistic treadmill , the result of which can only be loss of identity and sense of purpose . 
  the reverse balkanization of eastern europe , destroying all national identities and turning the area into a resource extraction colony , was enthusiastically supported by the west during 45 years of russian occupation . 
  this is not the first time , through it is probably the last . 
   tragic events russian act of war . 
  reminder that russia is currently waging war in europe again . 
  reading some of the comments here ... 2016 - sweden nonchalantly fulfilling all / pol / stereotypes . 
  replying to this as well as [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40bsyy/average_salaries_in_the_european_union_2015/cyt8rns ) . 
  * some * growth is inevitable , barring having the russian army at your doorstep and consequently letting russia dictate your internal affairs , like ukraine or moldova . 
  the average wage in romania is also heavily skewed by bucharest ( and timisoara ? ) . 
  my point was if serbia - a country that was at war almost yesterday - can be just 100 euros behind us after 8 years , why even be in the eu ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  literally * the only * selling point of the eu is money . 
  all other influences have been downright disastrous . 
  from the brain drain , to dictating internal affairs , to immigration . 
  the only thing that was supposed to make it worth it is money . 
  which does n't seem to exist . 
  \\  or force yourself because of symbolic nonsense reasons \\  if the eu disbands or something happens and bulgaria leaves i will probably move to the states because all my optimism about the future will be gone, 
  how do pro-eu people explain the fact that romania and bulgaria are economically indistinguishable from serbia after 8 years ? 
  serbia is not even remotely `` normal '' , it 's not a control , it 's not a window into european life with no eu , it 's a catastrophe . 
  unless we 're being deceived by some kind of appearances , it would seem like the only influence the eu has had on romania and bulgaria is keeping them in the 90s . 
  how can a russophile accuse another party of putinization ? 
  the left has finally achieved total self-parody . 
  it 's about time . 
  i think there 's a name for premeditated assaults by organized groups of foreigners . 
  i did n't know a threatening party would legitimize the invasion of a sovereign nation , annexation of part of its territory , and the ongoing war . 
  ca n't imagine what would 've happened without that . 
  thanks . 
   using the term occupation for these situations is a bunch of nonsense and you know it . 
  `` these situations '' also included the modern-day netherlands as part of this or part of that at various points in history . 
  i 'd ask you how it feels knowing that your ancestors were at the mercy of so and so 's whims who no doubt benefited enormously from people not unlike yourself , how does it feel that your current `` allies '' have written your country off in the past , how does it feel that you owe your current life and identity to the type of people who hate your thinking and probably hate * you * . 
  however , the netherlands are so appallingly irrelevant , both socioculturally as well as geopolitically , that i 'm afraid i do n't care about your answers . 
  has taken their side how ? 
   real filthy . 
  much like the western-supported - and enthusiastically so - russian occupation of the caucasus . 
  did i say anything demonstrably wrong ?
