  along with the name of the wind , it was what i already had on my list , it 's exactly what i was looking for !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll look into it , thanks !, 
  reading the reviews on goodreads , it is what i wanted to get from the answers . 
  it 's great !, 
  how come i never heard of it ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  since two of those were the ones i already had on my list ( the farseer saga and the name of the wind ) , i 'll add the gentleman bastards as well !, 
  thanks , 
  i do n't know , i have n't heard anything about this series . 
  from what i gathered in a quick search , it 's more geared towards ya than the other recommendations , but i wo n't exclude it right away . 
  i 'm thinking of buying a kindle in 2015 so i might buy your books , they do sound interesting . 
  but for now i have to stick with physical books . 
  thank you !, 
  i was writing a comment saying how they were making me lose a parlay and they scored !, 
  lausanne losing 1-3 ... 
  damn it !, 
  i saw the news yesterday and i was so happy . 
  even if it 's digital only ( my collection will be sad ) , it 's great news !, 
  i did n't believe it was possible anymore and i was considering importing it !, 
  now let 's all buy this game to support sega and show them we really want those games !, 
  that 's very good to hear . 
  i was really happy with my slim before this problem !, 
  i might do it !, 
  do you know if my ps3 slim hdd is compatible ? 
  thanks , 
  thank you , 
  but ca n't i just use my old ps3 hdd in the new one ? 
  i 'm probably going to get the 12gb version and an hdd , do you know if i can use the hdd of my old ps3 ? 
  as a benfica fan , what impressed me the most on your team was actually danilo and alex sandro , and i would say alex sandro is probably your best defender . 
  they were huge and they were everywhere !, 
  ( regarding cb 's only , martins indi is the best by far though ), 
  but this was the first porto game i watched this season so my opinion is in no way representative of the whole season !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i will probably book directly with the airlines , then . 
  do you think i should buy them in the next weeks or is it worth it to wait ? 
  that topic is pretty much what i needed , i should have searched better ... 
  exactly , this year is the year we actually have a defense and yet , we let them score 31 ... 31 !, 
  and the offensive line has n't been has good as it was in mid november , but they got better this half !, 
  oh my god , i think this game alone made my money 's worth when i paid 40 $ for the nfl game pass for the play offs !, 
  it was incredible !, 
  if he 's avaliable at the 13th pick , it would be a great option !, 
  i thnk he will go much earlier , though . 
  but please , no jameis winston , one johnny football is enough !, 
  i think it all depends on manziel 's work and compromise . 
  if he works harder , he should be starting , but if he keeps behaving like he 's 16yo , i do n't think he should even be an option . 
  but overall , i think the best option would be to keep manziel at least one season before drafting a new qb . 
  porto , portugal here . 
  i always had an interest for us sports , and the first game i watched was patriots @ redskins back in the 2011 , and gronkowski got me interested in ne . 
  but while i followed the nfl for the next couple seasons , it was only this year that i really got hooked and became a patriots fan !, 
  it 's been an awesome ride , i ca n't wait for the next game !, 
  ( sometimes i wonder how i 'll be able to cope with the off season ... ), 
  is this the real life ? 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  cazorla back to his 2012-2013 self ? 
  i like that !, 
  i 've got an exam in 8 hours and 20 minutes and i still have to sleep !, 
  but do n't worry guys , i know what you guys are thinking , and i 've got my priorities straight !, 
  i 'm here until the end !, 
  please be okay edelman !, 
  anyone knows what happened ? 
  oh my god !, 
  we 're onto arizona !!, 
  i do n't think i 'll be able to sleep for the next couple of weeks !, 
  portuguese fan here , just wanted to say we won !!!!!!!!, 
  fuck yeah , i am so happy right now !, 
  i must have waken half of my neighbours up screaming with the game !, 
  the boys are back !, 
  roller coaster of emotions is an euphemism !, 
  it depends on what 's blacked put on the uk . 
  here in portugal we have access to every game , and it is really great . 
  you have access to every live game , past games and nfl network , and if you have a laptop and a way of connecting it to the tv ( hdmi for example ) , it 's just perfect !, 
  i 'm buying it again next year , 
  that 's exactly what i think !, 
  debuchy is currently our best rb , no doubt about . 
  bellerin is a promising player , however , and i think he might be our future starting rb . 
  chambers , on the other hand , is much better at cb than at rb , and i think he has a lot of potential at that !, 
  true , but i 'm still a bit worried . 
  let 's hope we improve in the next weeks . 
  ( jermaine should help a lot when he gets back ), 
  we 're on to san jose !, 
  it 's a good day for pasta though, 
  probably our most consistent game this year !, 
  i ca n't wait for the game against miami , especially with isaiah thomas back !, 
  as for arsenal , i think the 2006 cl final is the saddest day . 
  wenger leaving may top that , though . 
  as for benfica , eus\u00e9bio 's death , no doubt . 
  one ? 
  he must a score a hat-trick of hat-tricks !, 
  also my least favorite player in your team . 
  no explanation needed . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i watched the video and it actually cleared up some of my doubts . 
  i 'll watch the first games of the season and i 'll hopefully learn more about baseball !, 
  i 've already watched the video , as / u/jlove743 also recommended it to me !, 
  i 'll check that thread , as i 'm really interested in the history of the franchise . 
  i ca n't imagine how it must have felt for a long time fan to watch the 2004 world series !, 
  thanks , i 'll be sure to ask for help when needed , 
  i 'm thinking about buying a video game , but regarding mlb.tv , i 'm not going to subscribe yet , because i still do n't know how much baseball i 'm actually going to watch . 
  well , i know some of the basic rules , and i 've watched some games last year , so i 'm not an absolute novice to baseball .
