  even in a quick screen brady is pressured , holy shit . 
  still the 8th inning ? 
  turnover here please , defense . 
  i 'm not asking much , just a turnover . 
  hope they do n't go for it !, 
  brady with a game-winning td drive incoming . 
  incredible !, 
  oh my god !, 
  so , this brandin cooks guys is pretty good , right ? 
  i am a 17 years old guy who has been wearing jeans + t-shirt his entire life . 
  friday i went shopping and came back with grey chinos ( among other stuff ) , and now i 've been wondering what 's the best shirt to wear with these chinos ( style , color , etc. ) . 
  bear in mind i 'm still in secondary school , so no 100 $ / 100 $ / 100 # shirts , please . 
  despite that , every advice is welcome . 
  i 'm sorry for the bad lightning !, 
  hey , i 've got an iphone 4 and i finally decided to get a new phone . 
  i live in portugal and would like to keep the costs under 250 $ ( ~ 350 $ ) ( including flip shell/some kind of protective cover ) . 
  i normally use my phone for texts , internet ( wi-fi , so no need for 4g ) , apps ( facebook messenger , evernote , spotify , stumbleupon , etc. ), 
  and games ( nothing graphical heavy , stuff like game dev story , angry birs , minigore , etc. ), 
  and to take some photos with friends . 
  i would like the screen to be maximum 5 inches , but i do n't mind a smaller screen , given it 's not smaller than the iphone 4 . 
  given this , i found the motorola moto g to be the best phone me , considering its price . 
  ( by the way , for those who know how to answer : the only thing i am concerned with is the camera . 
  is it worse than the one i currently have ? 
  ( iphone 4 ? ) ), 
  however , i have been reading about the moto x and the google nexus 5 ( more than 350 $ ~ 490 $ each ) . 
  i can make an effort to buy one of these two , in case it 's well worth the extra money , but i 'd rather not . 
  do you think i should buy one of these two or is the moto g fine for me ? 
  thanks , 
  little background here : i 'll be going to the university this year and i need to choose which courses to apply to . 
  i live in portugal , and here computer science ( * ci\u00eancia de computadores * in portuguese ) is n't a `` famous '' degree and there are only 2 of them in the whole country . 
  instead , software engineering ( or something similar , it 's called * engenharia inform\u00e1tica * ) is the degree wannabe developers choose . 
  comparing both degrees :, 
  computer science is mostly cs ( theory and practical ) and mathematics , with only one physics course . 
  it 's a 3-year degree ( b.s ) , and gives me the option of choosing a minor . 
  * engenharia inform\u00e1tica * is mostly physic and practical cs , with some math and little cs theory . 
  it does n't give me the option of choosing a minor , but it is a 5-year degree ( m.eng ) . 
  both are taught at universidade do porto ( university of porto ) and that 's where i want to study . 
  i have read the faq and there are answers to the question `` computer science or software engineering ? 
  '' , so i got that covered , although if you have something to say , feel free . 
  here in portugal , i think recruiters would prefer the engineering degree , at least that 's what i 've been told . 
  what i want to ask is : in case i move to the uk/us/anyotherplaceintheworld , which degree would be better if i want to work with programming ? 
  ( if you are portuguese/working in portugal , your answer would be even more important to me ! ), 
  so i 've got a prom party next week and i 've been thinking about my outfit . 
  the dress code is casual chic and i decided i would n't wear a full suit . 
  the black chinos and the belt will be what i will wear , for sure . 
  the shirt is going to be the one i have in the photos , but i 'm considering getting the arm length fixed . 
  what do you think ? 
  my problem right now is with the blazer . 
  i bought this one , but i think it 's too tight ( i can still return it ! ) . 
  what do you think ? 
  should i keep it or is it too small ? 
  in case i return it , is it worth getting the next size or should i opt for another style/color ? 
  by the way , do you recommend a pocket square with this outfit ? 
  ( do n't forget i 'm going for a more casual style ), 
  thanks for your help !, 
  i 'm relatively new to fantasy books , although i have played many fantasy videogames and watched lots of movies . 
  in terms of fantasy books , i 've read only the lotr trilogy and lots of other series ( more childish than what i 'm looking for ) when i was younger ( harry potter , chronicles of narnia , etc. ) . 
  nowadays i 'm used to reading crime , mistery and science fiction books . 
  frank herbert 's dune and agatha christie 's poirot being two of my favorite series . 
  i love being immersed in other worlds , as i have while playing tes iv : oblivion and watching/reading lotr and that 's mainly what i 'm looking for , so i 'd rather have a series because of that , but i 'm sure there are great standalone novels out there . 
  ( a completed series or with an end in sight would be good , though . 
  i have n't read asoiaf yet because i do n't want to wait 5 + years ... ), 
  i would be interested in the medieval europe setting , but do n't limit yourselves to that !, 
  my ps3 slim ( 120gb ) got an ylod in june and i have n't been able to fix it . 
  i am able to play for 30 minutes before it turns down and then i have to wait a week to play 30 more minutes . 
  because of that , i 've been thinking of buying a new one and i 've been looking at the ps3 super slim . 
  i think the 12gb model wo n't be enough in terms of hdd space so i turned to the 500gb model . 
  the problem is it costs ~ 275 $ here in portugal and i do n't have that much money . \u00b4, 
  is there any deal in portugal/europe that brings the price to under 250 $ ( at least ) ? 
  i 'd prefer new , but i 've been looking at used one . 
  the problem is that i do n't want to buy one and then have to replace it months later ... 
  by the way , is the ps3 super slim prone to problems ? 
  i do n't want a 3rd ps3 ... 
  thanks a lot , 
  ps : no , i do n't want a ps4 !, 
  it 's expensive , there are n't many games i want to play right now and there are still lots of games i want to play for the ps3 . 
  i 'm planning a trip around central europe next summer , and my idea is to fly to berlin and then fly back from vienna . 
  the dates are pretty much set : 24/07-14 / 08 . 
  i 'd like to start the trip in berlin and end it in vienna ( i still have n't decided which places i want to visit , but i have a rough idea : berlin , prague , krakow , budapest , vienna , with maybe day trips to dresden or bratislava ) . 
  i 've been looking at flights and i found that booking via edreams comes out 70 ~ 80 $ cheaper than booking directly . 
  besides , they are able to book trips `` together '' that i would have to book separately , in different websites ( flying via brussel airlines and return via swisss , for instance . ), 
  the question is : should i book with them or is it better to stay away ? 
  if you have any suggeston regarding which airline to choose/when to buy tickets/where to buy , feel free . 
  thanks !, 
  okay , first things first . 
  i 'm portuguese , and baseball is not really big here , so i do n't really know much about it . 
  i 've only watched a few baseball games in my life ( last season ) and i have no idea about what 's going on most of the time . 
  but let 's just assume i know nothing about baseball . 
  i 'm a boston sports fan , so i decided if i 'm going to support a team , it 's going to be red sox . 
  i 'm watching tonight 's game , trying to learn a little bit more , but it would be really nice of you to teach me/show me somewhere i can learn what baseball is all about and what 's going on during the game . 
  i hope i 'm not asking too much , but if possible , what should i know about the red sox history ? 
  ( i already know what everyone knows : the 2004 world series ), 
  thanks a lot ~ ~ and fuck the jets ! ~ ~ ( wrong subreddit ? ), 
  i 'm currently studying computer science/engineering in portugal , and i will finish my bachelor in june 2017 . 
  my degree has an integrated masters , so i have the chance to pursue a masters from september 2017 until june 2019 ( approximately ) . 
  i 've been looking into the omscs degree , and i would be considering applying for the fall 2017 or spring 2018 start , but i have two questions :, 
  * how is a candidate that has just finished his undergraduate studies seen ? 
  i see that some of you have years of experience . 
  i will most likely have one internship this summer , maybe one next summer ( for the fall 2017 entrance it would n't matter anyway ) and a 3.0 gpa ( my current gpa ) . 
  would i fall short of the requisites ?
