  also had evans on the bench and started stones instead . 
  fml, 
  i agree . 
  the fascinating part is : the more i hear about how expensive and competitive it is , how the apartments are tiny , the streets are dirty and the city will kick me in the nuts , the more i want to move there . 
  hopefully one day , even though it is difficult for those of us in europe ( especially for those of us with girlfriends who do n't share the dream haha ) . 
  i have an interview with microsoft next week and i got rejected by a bunch of companies already ( jane street , airbnb , stripe , d.e. 
  i 'm european and for now only applied to us internships ( except microsoft , for which the application is global ) . 
  no , i was rejected for all 4 without interview . 
  i believe that d.e. 
  shaw rejected me because i would need a j1 visa , as everyone i know from europe that applied there in the past two years had been rejected without interview ( and one of them had internships at bloomberg and jane street in london ) . 
  away fans are great , as usual !, 
  i wish the emirates crowd was as loud as our away fans !, 
  acredita , o que achas que demora 20 horas , vai acabar por demorar 30 ou 40 . 
  i applied on their [ website ] ( https://careers.microsoft.com/students/apply?jt=2 ) . 
  and i have no referrals for any company . 
  i do n't have the resume here , but it 's basically :, 
  * work experience ( current internship ), 
  * education ( current degree ), 
  * certificates ( i just have cae , it 's an english language certificate ), 
  * skills ( more on that below ), 
  * projects ( list of 3 of the most relevant projects and a point indicating that i have more on my github ), 
  i use the moderncv template . 
  in the skills section , i list programming languages and tools ( like git , svn , familiarity with unix systems , etc. ) . 
  this part is tailored for each application . 
  basically it 's :, 
  * tools : git , svn , sql , excel , familiarity with linux/unix , android dev, 
  with some variations . 
  for microsoft , i put c # as the first one , as it stands out more . 
  for jane street i included scheme ( did n't get an interview there though , but i 'll try again for the london office ) . 
  for most applications i do n't have excel there , just fintech companies and microsoft . 
  i am proficient in it , but it 's mostly useless for a developer . 
  economicamente tendencialmente identifico-me mais \u00e0 direita , socialmente identifico-me totalmete \u00e0 esquerda . 
  why not try to trade him ? 
  likely some team would want him , even if it 's for a 7th round draft pick . 
  seems like they did trade him for a 7th round pick after all !, 
  i wo n't sleep , but i do n't care , because tom fucking brady is playing today !, 
  ( also , jimmy , go easy on them , their fans still have nightmares with your jumping celebration during sb xlix ), 
  just tuned in to see the score as i 'll be watching the patriots today ( also , there 's arenabowl ) , we are losing 5-0 in the top of the first ? 
  what happened here ? 
  might leave the game on the check back throughout the night . 
  this last throw was completely off , but the first plays jimmy g was spot on . 
  i 'm really enjoying watching him . 
  he 's not the best qb in the league , but he 's solid , and with some help from the rest of the team , i think we 'll be fine the first four games !, 
  he will play later , jimmy was the starter . 
  pretty good actually . 
  ours is really biased and while it does n't bother me , i understand fans of other teams might not like it . 
  it 's not as brady is to jimmy , jimmy is to jacoby . 
  but i think that for week 1 and 2 , jimmy is locked . 
  if he is really bad , then maybe brissett has a chance in one of the other games . 
  but jimmy has to struggle a lot . 
  i missed you brady !, 
  i really did . 
  week 5 , please come faster !, 
  i ca n't really disagree with you . 
  walcott has been pretty good today , hope he improves even more !, 
  hey !, 
  did you have any experience contributing to open source before applying to gsoc ? 
  if so , how would you recommend me to start ? 
  i actually like that they are partial . 
  i would love for every club to have its own channel and its own commentators that know and love that team . 
  kind of like baseball in the us !, 
  ~ ~ this is a helpful subreddit and this answer is not helpful at all , as it 's just making fun of the question . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ i do n't really know why it 's being upvoted . ~ ~, 
  edit : read below . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  i must have misunderstood your answer , i 'm sorry . 
  did renato molest you when you were a child ? 
  i really do n't understand your hatred . 
  after so many unlucky moments , finally !, 
  let 's go , please do n't spoil my day !, 
  i have no idea how it is in the us , but in portugal we have a scale from 0 to 20 and 3.5 would be 17.5 / 20 which would put you in the top 10 % of every cs/se degree ( most likely 5 % or so , especially in the top universities ) . 
  but even assuming 3.5 is `` average '' and you are `` average '' , then you 're just like the majority of us . 
  obviously , you will hear more about the story of the 4.0 gpa guy who only applied to google and worked there until he got out to start his own successful company , because that is more interesting . 
  but that 's definitely not the rule , most of us are just average , and that 's perfectly fine . 
  oh my god blount how did you do that ? 
  blount , that was incredible !, 
  amendola only makes important catches , holy fuck !, 
  blount only know two kinds of plays :, 
  * losing/gaining 1 yard, 
  * doing good runs that no one expects, 
  we need a stop here !, 
  d has been hit and miss today , we need them to step up right now !, 
  fitzgerald has been nothing short of impressive today !, 
  3rd & 24 , please d help me here !, 
  oh my god how ? 
  that was lucky !, 
  bill must feel really lucky right now !, 
  i 'm not even going on / r/nfl right now , it 's going to be salty there !, 
  o-line was still not perfect , but it 's improving . 
  defense was not very good overall , but arizona has a top 5 offense , and fitzgerald was just great today . 
  other than that , jimmy garoppolo really impressed me !, 
  actually , the entire offense impressed me !, 
  this is perfect !, 
  thanks a lot , i think everyone here appreciates this !, 
  ha varias na \u00e1rea de artificial intelligence e machine learning , por exemplo ) . 
  i have no idea where you got your stats , but samaris was one of the most important pieces of benfica 's team last year . 
  7th player with the most minutes ( 2831 ) . 
  fejsa was the 15th player , with 1876 minutes . 
  fejsa missed 10 games with injury , which would put him ( assuming he would play every minute of every game ) around 2800 minutes as well , which is still less than samaris . 
  fejsa is by far the better player , but samaris is really consistent , does n't have frequent injuries and is reliable .
