  you 're right , and i mentioned that . 
  and i 'm in no way disagreeing with what he said about fejsa being the number 1 defensive midfielder . 
  he 's absolutely right , and so are you !, 
  i 'm just pointing out that samaris does play a lot ( even if it is because fejsa is injured ) , and was one of the most important parts in benfica 's title last year . 
  hopefully we get simeone in 2018 , if wenger retires by then . 
  it 's working for portugal , it comes down to 65,15 $ with shipping . 
  i 'll consider it during the afternoon , it 's still a little bit expensive : /, 
  fair point , i guess i would n't mind it if i was on that side . 
  but i still think it 's boring and irritating . 
  jimmy is so confident , so calm , i love it !, 
  in game it would probably be edelman . 
  after the game , try to get someone from free agency or a trade . 
  fuck the fish !, 
  dolphins tactic this year has been injuring the opposing qbs . 
  they should try looking into their own qb . ^ just ^ kidding, 
   \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 brissett take my energy \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 brissett take my energy \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  brisset put on a good drive , really happy for him !, 
  and hightower !, 
  he 's one of the most import pieces of the d , alongside mccourty . 
  great catch !, 
  please chung do n't be hurt !, 
  coleman got completely beat there , that ca n't happen in close games against better receivers . 
  is this black magic ? 
  high snap , completely full field , and still 12 yards . 
  we need a stop here . 
  a pick six would be the icing on the cake . 
  should i start getting worried ? 
  from 31-3 to a one score game , great . 
  we need to score here !, 
  fuck no !, 
  why ? 
  please d , do n't fuck around !, 
  this was much more stressful than it should have been !, 
  but i 'll take it , a win is a win !, 
  now onto houston , and hopefully the defense will be much better !, 
  let 's hope brisset gets more used to the first team , and i fully believe he is able to be competent enough . 
  really sad for garoppolo though , he was playing really great , much better than i expected . 
  i mean , i would not take manning , it would be impossible to get him physically ready in three days , broncos probably still own his rights and there is no way he would accept this . 
  also , i do n't really think he would be that good , from what i 've seen from him in the last year . 
  but if there 's a qb that could learn a playbook this quickly , it 's manning . 
  tuesday ? 
  but tuesday was against the yankees iirc . 
  why would anyone wear his red sox jersey specifically for that game ? 
  in other news , fuck the yankees !, 
  can we try to throw the ball ? 
  just once , to see if it works . 
  what a throw !, 
  got ta love bennet !, 
  d started off better this half !, 
  let 's go marty !, 
  i love this guy !, 
  finally some luck !, 
  2 score game , let 's get those two td !, 
  we need an interception or a forced fumble here , please d !, 
  gronk 100 % catching rate, 
  i bought genki i from amazon.co.jp for something like 46 $ ( customs handled by amazon , so no hidden fees ) and the workbook for 24 $ . 
  i bought them separately as i did n't have the money at the time to buy them both , so i 'm still waiting for the workbook . 
  everything was perfect with the textbook though . 
  highly recommend you to do that , if you want to buy it . 
  i 'm from portugal , so it should be the same for the uk . 
  ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ now, 
  from what i remember , they include it in the price . 
  you have to go to the last page before confirming the order , and then the price would be in three bullet points , i guess :, 
  * item price, 
  * shipping cost, 
  * `` pre-paid import tax '', 
  but i 'm not sure , try to google translate the page to know for certain . 
  you need a separate account , i think . 
  i 'm currently on mobile and away from home , so i ca n't really go to amazon.co.jp right now . 
  anyway , i was able to use a portuguese address without any problem . 
  can you try to find on the internet if someone had the same problem as you did ? 
  the release time this drive has been nothing short of impressive !, 
  ** surprise of the day ** : elandon roberts !, 
  not a good way to start , but plenty of time left !, 
  let 's go patriots !, 
  the butler did it !, 
  ^ again, 
  unless your league is really deep , i 'd drop him . 
  spurs players are not known for their fantasy value , and tony parker wo n't bring you enough value to keep him , i think . 
  dropped trevor ariza for him , was it a good move ? 
  i 'm in a points league and it was between ariza ( 13.5 fppg ) , elfrid payton ( 13.1 fppg ) , ryan anderson ( 14.1 fppg ) and rondo ( 13.0 fppg ) . 
  those are fantasy points per game this season . 
  i think rondo and payton will improve and average around 14.0 fppg , and ryan anderson might drop to like 13.5 fppg . 
  i missed kelly 's threes !, 
  james young looking really good !, 
  granted it 's a pg13-less pacers , but i 've never seen him play like this in the nba !, 
  i really think it 's borden , and patterson is in for a surprise with the access card nas gave her . 
  i really like our backcourt !, 
  avery bradley and it4 are so fun to watch !, 
  hoping for a huge 4th quarter from isaiah thomas !, 
  this games are so frustrating , they should be winnable most of the time , yet we seem to struggle everytime ... 
  hey guys , i picked up j.j. redick for today and tomorrow , but i have seth curry and tyson chandler available on my ww . 
  should i pick one of those instead ? 
  seth curry should see more minutes , due to jj barea 's injury . 
  klay thompson has been slowly but steadily improving , but i 'm not sure if avery will sustain his level when horford and jae are back . 
  having said that , it depends on your league . 
  if you 're in a deep league , do it . 
  if you are in a 8-team league ( or even some 10-team leagues ) , there are probably players in your waiver wire that you can pick up and whiteside + that player would be better than klay + ab . 
  definitely do n't drop him .
