  ( even though i 'm nearly at 0 understanding of the game ) but the video was great , actually , 
  thanks everybody , i 'm going to have a lot of questions , that 's for sure !, 
  what a great 10 minutes , and now we 're up 3-0 at half-time !, 
  it 's happening lads !, 
  i fucking love this team !, 
  is this what it feels like to have a fully fit team ? 
  i can get used to it !, 
  three games into the season and i already love baseball !, 
  ( well , what i understand , at least ), 
  fuck the exam i have in 7 hours !, 
  i understand the basics , but that 's pretty much it . 
  i 'm learning though !, 
  physics exam in 7 hours , but i 'll * ace * it !, 
  yup , portugal . 
  it 's 1:09 a.m here , and my exam is at 8:30 ... 
  i still have to sleep too , but i 'll manage . 
  i did it for the pats as well !, 
  nope , you 're not !, 
  patriots were down by 14 twice agains the ravens and came on top . 
  nobody thought the celtics would be fighting for a playoff spot and look where they are now !, 
  it 's going to be difficult , the odds are against us , but i while it 's possible , i believe !, 
  as an european who just started watching baseball , do you recommend this to me ? 
  i wo n't be subscribing mlb.tv this year ( at least not at the current price ) , so every game i 'll watch will be through * less-than-legal * streams . 
  is gameday audio worth it for me , so i can listen to the commentary of some of the games ? 
  hope you did n't bet on that !, 
  see ? 
  that 's why nobody likes your name !, 
  ( benfica fan here :p ), 
  their playing style might be effective , but it 's so boring !, 
  and they do n't do this once or twice a year , it 's every fucking week ... 
  my bad then , i have n't watched many pre-wenger games . 
  i 've been an arsenal for 8 years now , and the playing style is what made me `` fall in love '' with this team !, 
  please do n't watch napoli - sampdoria !, 
  i actually watched nearly 20 of their games , mainly because my brother is a mourinho fan and follows every team he sets foot in . 
  so while i ca n't say i watched every game , i have a really good sample of games . 
  but you 're right , sometimes we ( i do , at least ) say things about other teams when we watch 2 or 3 games a year . 
  the other team is our biggest rival  ( benfica fan as well ), 
  just imagine that norwich goal against the spurs !, 
  i went for spurs . 
  i dislike chelsea but it 's not really hate !, 
  in fact , since there are so many arsenal flairs here , i actually thought spurs would be leading ... 
  i guess they do n't really like winning !, 
  well , that 's pretty steep imo . 
  i was already expecting 2-4 games , but a 1st round and a 4th round pick as well ? 
  that 's harsh ... 
  well , not only will they withstand 12 games of an angry tb12 , they might also watch goatroppolo rock their world !, 
  a fellow gunner and benfica fan as well ? 
  i tagged you as footbro !, 
  all i want now is for jesus to stay !, 
  ( please do ! ), 
  unfortunately for me here in porto it 's difficult to watch games every weekend . 
  i usually end up going to 3/4 games every season , but this season i have n't had the chance :(, 
  but for those of you who live in lisbon , it 's a great deal !, 
  just check the arsenal season tickets and compare !, 
  you 're assuming the patriots have the 32nd pick next year . 
  that means we will win sb50 . 
  i 'm okay with that !, 
  i always liked you panthers !, 
  she wore !!, 
  she wore a yellow ribbon in the merry month of may !, 
  i really hope this is just a rumour !, 
  i wo n't be able to face my sportinguistas friends for the next decade if it 's true !, 
  * runs out of arguments *, 
  `` oh , because , you know ... cheatriots !, 
  spygate and stuff ... '', 
  well , the header from rondon bit was right !, 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  last guardian , ff7 remake and shenmue iii ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  please , say something about yakuza 5 !, 
  a release date and i 'll cry of happiness !, 
  in all seriousness , if you asked me a week ago what would be more likely between jesus coming back or this e3 having last guardian , ff7 remake , shenmue iii and fallout 4 , i would have said jesus coming back . 
  oh my god yes !, 
  and i 'm not even asking for kenzan , isshin and the psp ones . 
  i just want a release date for 5 and yakuza 0 announced !, 
  maybe with shenmue iii more people get interested in the yakuza series !, 
  it 's definetely going to cost more !, 
  sony must have funded the rest !, 
  i 'm a first year software engineering student and i 'm looking for some projects to work on during the summer . 
  i had a course on scheme during the first semester , and one about c++ during the second semester , so ideally , i 'd like to work with c++ . 
  what 's your advice on how to get started in game dev ? 
  i 've been thinking about using ue4 but reading the stuff on the sidebar , it is n't beginner friendly . 
  should i give up on that idea and turn to ~ ~ java ~ ~ javascript/c # and use unity ? 
  share with me every piece of advice you can , i 'm sure it will be useful !, 
  i guess i 'll start !, 
  do you have any recommendations of books about game making and game programming ? 
  hum , thanks a lot , noted and edited !, 
  i know the difference between the two , i just did n't know that unity used javascript !, 
  i was pretty convinced it was java . 
  thanks for your input !, 
  i 'd go with option # 2 , but i think there should be a real encouragement for project managers to pick less experienced people . 
  this should n't be about having the best people on your team , but everyone learning . 
  i think even the ones with less experience have something to teach the `` veterans '' !, 
  i 'm not good at drawing and have never tried pixel art/3d models , so i 'd really prefer programming . 
  i 'm a cs/se student ( first year ) and i have experience with some languages ( c++ mainly ) . 
  i will pick up c # though . 
  i 'd love to join as the beginner programmer . 
  i 'm a first year cs/se student and i have been learning c++ . 
  i am interested in working with c # and since i 'm quite used to oop and the structure is similar , i 'm picking it up quite fast ( i started this week trying unity ) . 
  if you 're interested , hit me up !,
