  gronk , just be healthy for the play-offs . 
  also , brady , please win us the game . 
  brady and gostkowski are fucking clutch !, 
  fuck me , fuck this game , fuck the broncos !, 
  oh , and fuck these shithead refs . 
  on the other hand , we 're 10-1 and we have tfb !, 
  guys , we just went into overtime against a 9-2 team while having collins out , hightower out for the second half , and let 's not get started on the offense . 
  all in all , i think that if gronk gets back and edelman is good for the play offs , we have a good chance of winning the super bowl . 
  we take them in the super bowl !, 
  you have outgrown losing . 
  have you guys not watched brady for like the past 15 years ? 
  he 's not the comeback kid for no reason , trust him !, 
  i am as pissed about this game as any of you guys . 
  but we are still 10-2 , if we lose this game . 
  we still have brady , amendola , gostkowski , collins , mccourty and some of the more talented players on the nfl . 
  we will have edelman and gronkowski for the play offs . 
  i hate this game , we 've been atrocious !, 
  but hey , it 's better to lose now than in the play offs !, 
  on the other hand , we look terrible today , fuck this shit !, 
  and it 's the second game in a row that special teams have costed us the game !, 
  man , you should have a trigger warning there :(, 
  guys , i will probably be disappointed later on tonight , but i 'm really expecting a great game for us !, 
  i 'm so fucking excited !, 
  and i hope this ends better than the exam i had earlier today ... 
  young , show them how to play !, 
  i want to be happy because we played well , but fuck i wanted to win so bad !, 
  loved et today !, 
  that 's so true , here in portugal the game starts at 01:30 am . 
  it 's not been an easy season in that regard ... 
  now we just need to win out guys , and it looks like the playoffs will be in foxborough !, 
  thank you so much , i have an exam tomorrow and this game will end almost at 5 am here , a win will make my day easier tomorrow !, 
  patriots used gronk . 
  it was super effective . 
  let 's go patriots !, 
  the difference gronk and amendola make ... 
  damn it lafell , again ? 
  on the other hand , the ol is holding up pretty well tonight !, 
  and we get a spike !, 
  i 've got an exam tomorrow morning , it 's 2:52 am here in portugal , but i could n't sleep even if i wanted ... 
  i have n't missed a game this season , and this wo n't be the first !, 
  good luck for your exams !, 
  james white has been really stepping up !, 
  oh , fuck this shit , special teams fucking it up again ? 
  can we use that brady guy to return punts ? 
  butler : from udfa to super bowl savior to patriots starter to patriots best cornerback ? 
  have we done anything to piss off the injury gods again ? 
  for fucks sake !, 
  i fucking love this team !, 
  everyone . 
  goes . 
  for . 
  knees . 
  the league has to do something about it !, 
  that 'd be the most arsenal thing ever . 
  hey , i 'm a second year computer engineering student in portugal and i 've been thinking about getting a summer internship . 
  unfortunately , all i have to show in my resume is the degree i 'm currently attending and a certificate of advanced english . 
  given that and that my grades are nothing special ( 14.7 / 20 , equivalent to a 2.94 gpa , i think ) , do you guys have any advice on how to find an internship ? 
  since internships are rare here in portugal , i 'm mostly looking for one in the uk . 
  man , so many turnovers !, 
  we really got to be more careful ... 
  this fourth quarter was just terrible . 
  this was a game we should have won ... 
  atlanta has a really good defense tho !, 
  wtf ? 
  man , how can our special teams do this every single game ? 
  i 've got cam and odell in my team . 
  i 'm not sure how to feel about the car - nyg game ... 
  man , i was so confident in the seattle d that i benched the nyj d for them and benched gary barnidge for julius thomas ... 
  they 're proving me wrong !, 
  well , at least i 've got cam !, 
  let 's go steelers !, 
  that was a good drive , if only their secondary could get a stop now ... 
  dear steelers , do n't ruin the day for me , please !, 
  the steelers receivers are scary as fuck !, 
  thank god their secondary is n't !, 
  what the hell ben ? 
  i 'm happy with this !, 
  on the other hand , i 'd love for him to have stayed at bc ... 
  what a goal !, 
  i love you arsenal !, 
  i picked cam as a backup for drew brees . 
  it was by far my best pick !, 
  i 'm up 17 and i 've got brandin cooks against c. johnson and benjamin watson . 
  i actually got my miracle yesterday with cam newton ( lamar miller and latavius murray were shit though ) , so for today i 'd rather not have any miracle and just have everything go according to the projections . 
  i 'd go with stafford , the no defense is ... let 's just say it 's not very good ... 
  rb2 - latavius murray, 
  wr1 - jeremy maclin ( i have odell too , so if he plays , i 'll put him here ), 
  te - julius thomas, 
  k - still not sure , had randy bullock this week . 
  d - still not sure , currently have jets and seahawks in my team, 
  it 's really difficult to find patriots merchandise here in portugal , you have to buy it online from the us , and i never really bought anything patriots related . 
  but my so surprised me with this awesome knitted hat : http://imgur.com/xeaty6c, 
  i will definitely be rocking this during the play offs !, 
  just hope it gives us luck !, 
  it really is great , i love it !, 
  there'a a facebook page ( it 's called `` patriots portugal '' ) but i do n't know anyone irl . 
  i 'd love to get together with fellow portuguese fans to watch some games !, 
  bruins in foxborough , i 'd do anything to be able to watch that !, 
  that 's an excellent gift right there !, 
  fuck yeah that 's what we needed !,
