  i 'm in bst but a boston sports fan , so i 'm used to the eastern time and will be able to work at the same time . 
  besides , since i 'm a university student , i will have lots of time this summer . 
  will join !, 
  thanks !, 
  we took a series !!, 
  and it was against a division rival !, 
  i 'm drunk . 
  but i 'm a happy drunk, 
  teary eyed ? 
  i cried like a little girl !, 
  democracia . 
  the main reason is quality , as stated here already . 
  but i also download because there are some things that are rare and you just ca n't stream . 
  in fact , there 's some albums/movies that i tried to stream , download and buy without any luck and then found a torrent and got them . 
  also , to keep some things that might be `` rare '' in the future . 
  for instance , some recordings of football games here in portugal are almost impossible to find online , and having them available is important so i ( and others ) can watch them in the future . 
  i do n't know if i 'm allowed to post links , but search for sport-video . 
  the rugby section has it . 
  you can grab the newer stuff easily , but since it 's a public tracker , do n't expect to get any seeders for the older stuff . 
  what 's going on with buchholz ? 
  it should have ended when it was still 1-0 . 
  holt had it :(, 
  edit : i 'm not saying he literally had it , i 'm just saying he should have caught it !, 
  well , if ( and only if ! ), 
  the reports are correct and he did destroy his phone , that 's suspicious . 
  but i 'm still confident that if brady takes it to court , it 's because he 's sure he did n't do anything wrong , and then the chances the nfl wins in court are minimal !, 
  i ca n't seem to find the report , only news commenting on it !, 
  do you have a link ? 
  that 's my main concern right now !, 
  but i hope that brady taking this to court means he 's sure he did nothing wrong !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll read it tonight !, 
  how did you do it ? 
  i 've seen reports of people who ca n't update using that ... 
  i will do as you said then !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm afraid i ca n't , i 've opened so many tabs here on / r/windows10 and many other forums , i do n't know where i 've seen it . 
  but i 've just seen [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/windows/comments/3ezlyd/windows_10_standalone_installers_now_available/ctjzit1 ) , and if it worked for you guys , i 'm going to try it !, 
  i had the same problem and it activated a couple of minutes ago , so i guess you guys should be okay , just wait !, 
  if you were the one preparing dinner for a whole family , you 'd hate even more to have to say 4x `` dinner 's ready '' because everyone 's doing * important things * such as playing video games . 
  is it music ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's on what.cd !, 
  it 's my first time playing fantasy football and i did n't prepare much , but here it is :, 
  10 team standard nfl , drafted 2nd and 9th :, 
  qb : drew brees ( round 4 , pick 39 ), 
  rb : jamaal charles ( round 1 , pick 2 ), 
  rb : lamar miller ( round 3 , pick 22 ), 
  wr : odell beckham jr. ( round 2 , pick 19 ), 
  te : julius thomas ( round 7 , pick 62 ), 
  wr/rb : latavius murray ( round 6 , pick 59 ), 
  k : adam vinatieri ( round 9 , pick 82 ), 
  def : arizona cardinals ( round 8 , pick 79 ), 
  bench :, 
  qb : joe flacco ( round 11 , pick 102 ), 
  rb : tre mason ( round 12 , pick 119 ), 
  rb : terrance west ( round 14 , pick 139 ), 
  wr : kenny britt ( round 15 , pick 142 ), 
  wr : roddy white ( round 13 , pick 122 ), 
  thanks for your input !, 
  yes , i realized i picked some of them too early ( lamar miller and drew brees come to mind ) , but since it 's the first time playing , i 'm just here to have fun and learn !, 
  thank you for the feedback !, 
  i now understand that , and i noticed that during the draft as well ( after i drafted drew brees ) , you 're right . 
  regarding the defense , i took it early because everyone was taking defenses early , and i was afraid i would n't get to pick one i wanted . 
  thanks , i 'll make sure to remember that , i actually only started building the bench in 10th round . 
  * sigh * upvoted, 
  ~ ~ yeah , fuck the jets !, 
  wait , wrong sub ... ~ ~, 
  fuck the spurs !, 
  it 's a terrrible start , that 's for sure , but it 's only one game and there 's still 10 months to go !, 
  ^ withbenzemaplease, 
  we love you arsenal , we do !, 
  it 's going to be a long week ... 
  fuck yeah football !, 
  i do n't even care about who 's playing , go football !, 
  i mean , i laughed when i saw it , but even i ca n't help but feel bad for you guys !, 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  holy fuck football is back !, 
  i know it 's only the first game , but good coverage by butler in those first five minutes !, 
  damn flowers , that was great !, 
  just hope we do n't blow the lead again as in the last couple of games ... 
  i 'm drunk and watching the patriots at the same time , so my judgement might not be the best , but i 'm really enjoying what i 'm seeing today !, 
  does anybody know why the colts changed their jersey colors ? 
  i noticed that as well !, 
  he has great movement in the pocket and granted it 's not against their a-defense , but our offensive line is also pretty inexperienced !, 
  you had your highest point total with him . 
  and although he was having bad results in the beginning of the following season , spurs did n't improve much with him leaving !, 
  do you guys really blame avb ? 
  it 's a legit question , by the way . 
  what i 'm saying might not be the absolute truth , it 's just my opinion , i 'd like to hear yours !, 
  tyt is your best bet , definitely . 
  i 'd say to keep an eye out on the website , because if there are open signups ( i have no idea if there will be any ) , it 's totally worth it . 
  tstn has some games , but it 's not even close to tyt . 
  arkansas at textas a&m from last year ( week 5 ) is there , but i 'm not sure if there will be many sec games . 
  then there 's sport-video , but that 's public . 
  it has a great selection of sports and i think there were some cfb games last year . 
  i should also mention hd-sportbits , but they have a really limited selection of ncaa football games ( less than 20 , i think ) , and i do n't really like their vip system . 
  so if you can find what you want elsewhere , i 'd recommend that . 
  what the hell is happening here ? 
  it 's my first year watching baseball and i sure did not expect these two games !, 
  i love you !,
