  looking forward to have the site back online , i love it !, 
  if a player does n't want to come here because of a number , then i do n't want him in green . 
  if he ca n't respect our history and has an ego big enough for that , he wo n't be a good fit . 
  now , if the players who had the number retired ( or their families ) want to `` unretire '' the number in order to lure a player , that 's different . 
  omg yes !, 
  now go get durant you sexy danny !, 
  civil precisa . 
  em especial [ esta ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/29yy01/departamente_de_ci%c3%aancia_de_computadores_da_fcup/ciqzu76 ) . 
  shoutout to / u/noepp , tens a\u00ed ** excelentes ** tips nesse comment . 
  family first , hope your dad gets well soon !, 
  no one expects tyt to be anywhere near a priority in your life right now . 
  do what you need to do and take your time , the site can wait !, 
  i did n't know any recruiters , my university career fair did n't help that much and there are not many internships in my country . 
  what i did was go through every `` jobs '' or `` career '' page for the companies i was interested in and apply . 
  i ended up applying to 50-60 companies and got 3 offers out of 10 interviews . 
  i actually applied really late as well ( january ) and many companies just sent me an automated e-mail the day after i applied saying the positions were already full . 
  my * very humble * advice is to try and send your resume to every company you are interested in . 
  also , try applying early !, 
  i 'm going to start in september this year . 
  i 'd be up for it !, 
  i 'll be signing up for 2 or 3 leagues , so i can make this one of them !, 
  i 'm portuguese and i really enjoy the cfl and afl . 
  ( i prefer the nfl , but i actually just enjoy footbal and seeing a `` different way '' of playing it , and i love watching cfl and arena football ), 
  2 years ago i was on vacation in algarve , in the south of portugal and met some canadian dudes at a bar . 
  i started talking about the cfl and they were saying `` no one likes the cfl , it 's terrible , terrible players , worse teams , even worse coaches . '' . 
  then a couple nights later i met an american guy who loved the cfl and actually had a ottawa rough riders jersey . 
  i was just so confused with all of this !, 
  three things are certain : death , taxes and us los ... what ? 
  living in portugal , some games ( especially the ones in the west coast ) finish really late for me , so i end up missing half of them . 
  i usually watch 40ish full games every year and then every game in the playoffs . 
  if i go to sleep when there is a game on , i listen to the radio broadcast , and if i 'm studying and the c 's are playing , i 'll have the game on background . 
  also , when i 'm watching the patriots or the bruins ( or any other sports team ) , i 'll have the c 's on as well to check during time-outs/half-time . 
  some of those sports overlap and i ca n't watch all of them . 
  and even when they do n't , i ca n't spend every minute of my free time watching sports . 
  microsoft has already started accepting applications . 
  i 'm only going to apply in september ( to the big companies ) and october ( to the other ones ) . 
  last year ( actually it was already this year ) i only started applying in january and it hindered my chances . 
  definitely not !, 
  google only opens applications in october iirc ( do n't quote me on that though ), 
  apply preferably before the end of november , it 's just when you get to december that it starts getting complicated ( complicated is not impossible !, 
  does anyone know any tech companies in ny that sponsor visas for internships ? 
  i 'm european and would need a visa to do an internship there next summer . 
  other than google ny and mongodb , i 'm not sure if there are any companies that do . 
  ( fog creek has only had us interns , from what i could gather ), 
  everyone is upvoting this because we all want to know !, 
  basically , from what i could gather , if you are still studying and would go back to university after the summer , you could try a summer internship on a j-1 visa . 
  this would not allow you to stay there for work , but could get you connections that could prove helpful . 
  ( read / u/disruptiveharbinger reply below regarding this visa . 
  there is the chance to get a j-1 visa even if you are not going back to university ), 
  you can also apply for jobs where the company sponsors a h-1b visa for you , but that is already difficult and seems to be getting more difficult each passing year . 
  the other options , are :, 
  * l-1 visa , where you work in a company that has an office in the us and you ask for a transfer to their us office . 
  this is probably the easiest one , if you work for a company with offices around the world . 
  this one intimidates many people , and a couple of weeks ago i thought you would have to win a nobel prize or a turing award . 
  after some investigation and asking around , it 's actually not that impossible . 
  you have to be excellent in your field and have some recognition , so it 's difficult , but you do n't have to be the absolute best . 
  i met a journalist who did maybe 25 % of an award winning documentary and got a visa , and those awards were what he indicated as his recognition . 
  also , ianal , do n't take what i say as gospel . 
  it 's what i could gather from both reading things on the internet and talking to people who moved to the us , but it may very well be wrong . 
  you 're right , did n't know that !, 
  i 'll edit my comment to point to yours , 
  from what i heard , they do n't really expect you to know ocaml , so that probably wo n't help you that much for the interview . 
  definitely prepare for some statistics questions though !, 
  hope everything works out for you !, 
  i actually applied to them last year as well ( for the london office ) , but applied really late ( february 2016 ) and was rejected without an interview . 
  i applied a couple of days ago for the internship in the ny office next year , i 'm hoping i can get an interview as well !, 
  it 's true , but unfortunately for most of us in countries where internships are not popular , it 's easier to get an internship at a big company since they are usually able to sponsor a visa or they might even have an office in a city we are able to work in . 
  startups in the us usually do n't have offices in europe , and i 'm not sure if they would be able to sponsor someone on a j-1 visa . 
  and startups in portugal do n't really have interns ( most of them at least ) . 
  got an e-mail from microsoft to schedule a phone interview for the 2017 internship ( just the initial screen ) and they asked me my preferred location . 
  what do you guys recommend ? 
  mountain view or redmond ? 
  also , i 'm european , would my chances be better if i chose an european location ? 
  i 'd rather try to get one in the us this year , and i would not be too disappointed if i do n't get this one . 
  because everyone knows english football was created in the 80s . 
  united won 20 times , liverpool 18 and arsenal 13 . 
  but then everton won 9 times , and the list goes on . 
  and if we are going to pick timelines as they fit our narrative ( like you picked your 30 years because it 's useful ) ,, 
  basically the only constant in the last 3 years of english football is manchester united not being dominant ... your main rivals have rotated between tottenham , southampton and west ham . 
  i applied on the website also roughly a week ago . 
  they are probably just starting the process , you have lots of time , 
  actually not at all . 
  i attend a portuguese university they probably never heard of and my resume is basically the current internship ( european unicorn ) , two school projects ( rather complex ones though ) and a link to my github account with other personal/university projects . 
  it 's probably random or maybe by time of application , as i would n't stand out in any way . 
  i 'm happy if it does , but compared to some resumes here , mine is not that special haha, 
  and i have the `` disadvantage '' of requiring a visa !, 
  have you started this past year ? 
  what are your opinions on the degree ? 
  do you think it improves your jobs opportunities in comparison to just doing a master 's degree in germany ? 
  i 'm in a even weirder time zone than usual this summer !, 
  2:30 am game hype !!, 
  it 's jimmy time !, 
  thank you !, 
  you are awesome !, 
  had dier and took him off for redmond 5 minutes before the deadline . 
  ca n't say i regret that . 
  had foster and schmeichel . 
  hull city finished 4th in the championship last year , no real attacking threats , easy choice to start schmeichel , right ? 
  foster on the bench it is . 
  * foster - 7 points ( 10 actually , with the bonus ),
