  in almost every 10 + teams league , he should be a good player to have . 
  also , you kept him for 8 games , are you going to drop him right when he is coming back ? 
  where can you get one for 300 $ ? 
  i 'm not op but i 'm exactly in the same situation and my budget is 300 $ as well ( although i can get to 350 $ if needed ) . 
  huge comeback !, 
  al horford was amazing , we are so much bettter with him !, 
  1:0 is undefined . 
  although , if you consider limits , 1:0 tends to infinity while 2:1 is just 2 . 
  the ratio ( 1:0 ) : ( 2:1 ) is actually infinity :2 , which tends to infinity as well . 
  1:0 is actually infinitely better than 2:1 . 
  * recrutadores nas universidades que pode facilitar entrevistas, 
  i 'm retarded and dropped brook lopez by mistake thinking i clicked to drop rodney hood . 
  he was gone the next day ofc . 
  i 'm not very smart :'(, 
  this comment is at +6 upvotes . 
  surely it adds a lot to the discussion . 
  let 's go boys . 
  i 'd love an easy way to the final ( who woudl n't ? ) . 
  but it 's not always possible , and if we want to be the best , we have to beat the best . 
  absolutely , he 's not droppable in any format ( unless maybe a 5-team league ) . 
  i 'm in amsterdam and had to work so i did n't watch the entire game . 
  from the bits i watched , this defense has improved so much !, 
  i 'm really excited for this post-season , and i would never be so confident with gronk injured in any other year !, 
  i would advise against any travel ( unless forced ) to the areas near the borders with syria and iraq . 
  istanbul and ankara have a high threat of terrorism , but if you stay away from embassies and government buildings , it is much lower . 
  all in all , there are safer countries right now . 
  but if you really want to go there , i think it 's safe enough to go . 
  besides the border areas , it is not a war zone and right now terrorists attacks can happen anywhere in europe . 
  before going , do check travel websites for the us , uk and other major countries as they have a lot of useful information . 
  also , if you do go , keep up to date with the local news ( this should be common practice everywhere you go ) . 
  wait , is that a thing ? 
  developers thinking github is git ? 
  less strategy does n't mean no strategy . 
  less strategy does n't even mean it is inferior . 
  what you are doing is exactly the same as me coming here and saying the nba is an inferior sport because it does n't have as much strategy as my favorite sport x. 
  your post is valuable anyway , but that point is just plain dumb . 
  people enjoy different things , it does n't mean the things you like are superior . 
  it 's a charity match ... 
  i do n't know who matt lengel is but thank you this is the best christmas ever !, 
  absolutely sure . 
  the front bezel is black , and the color is the correct one . 
  it is , in fact , grey . 
  it just has this weird rosey tone to it , that i was definitely not expecting . 
  it 's kind of sad because i waited two weeks for this color and them it turns it is not what i was expecting and i actually do n't feel comfortable with it . 
  it 's the same as mine , it does look a bit more pink-ish in real life tho . 
  i agree . 
  i think it totally deserves being there , and i 'm almost sure he will be there . 
  horford , having missed some games , might not make it , although i 'd say he has a 50 % chance . 
  bradley is really difficult , although he is having his best year and making ridiculously good games . 
  maybe he will sneak in , who knows ? 
  what a great first quarter so far !, 
  our d is killing them !, 
  i would gold if you if i was rich . 
  i would like to not be reminded that the bruins played today :'(, 
  it 's the same here in portugal , but i 'm already used to it . 
  it sucks terribly , because i watch at least 2 celtics games and 1 bruins game per week as well ( usually more ) , so i end up having the shittiest sleep schedule during the winter . 
  but it could be worse , while i was in bulgaria there was a patriots game at 02:30 am and i had to be up at 7 . 
  baseball season is cool tho , 1pm est starts are perfect for me . 
  blount crushes them twice in a row !, 
  and now ryan with two clutch plays in a row !, 
  man , how i love this team !, 
  if we score this drive , let 's get jimmy in there for the next one !, 
  we love you man !, 
  i have family in kansas city as well , so i like you even more because of that !, 
  get jimmy g in there !, 
  yes . 
  for both of these reasons , and also to save brady from rough hits . 
  can confirm . 
  this season it 's been ridiculous : i have to watch poor hockey and i 'm still hated by everyone . 
  oh my god this is gold !, 
  i 'm so fucking nervous !, 
  but i 've got a st bernardus 12 , my lucky beer , so we have that going for us !, 
  let 's force a turnover here , gain some momentum and let 's go pats !, 
  ok , i 'm usually very optimistic , but i 'm not seeing us win this one . 
  but we have tom brady , so i 'll have hope until the end of the game !, 
  we 're down 18 , but we have 30 minutes of football to go . 
  30 minutes of brady football designed by bb . 
  it 's not looking good , but i believe we can do it !, 
  i have seen incredible things in sports , and brady is incredible . 
  he 's not going to give up . 
  the celtics are looking really good right now , the red sox look promising and there are countless other sports . 
  i have to agree with you , the bruins this season have been disappointment after disappointment . 
  i mean , they did outscore us 21-3 in the first half . 
  so us outscoring them 24-3 is not entirely impossible if the roles reverse . 
  is it possible to sign lady gaga for the second half ? 
  our offense needs her energy !, 
  let 's goooooo, 
  i totally expected them to drop 40 on us . 
  i definitely did n't expect our offense to struggle so much . 
  white !, 
  oh my god i ca n't believe this !, 
  please , one more !, 
  just called my girlfriend , we 're so happy !, 
  this looked impossible , but brady does the impossible . 
  incredible , i am at a loss for words !, 
  i love you patriots , i love you boston !, 
  i am at the end of the game and i. 
  how is 1-2 more acceptable than 0-1 ? 
  that does n't make any sense because of away goals . 
  the super early games are the 12:30 ones .
