  yes , each team gets 3 to for each half . 
  i just want everyone healthy next week !, 
  having edelman makes such a difference !, 
  i fucking love this team !, 
  also , i am so thankful for this subreddit , i 'm an entire ocean away from boston and it 's great to have a way to connect with other fans . 
  we 're on to the next one !, 
  guys , i was watching the patriots and went to finish some work . 
  how are we doing today ? 
  okay , i do n't want to underestimate neither of those teams , but they have to a lot more to impress me today . 
  i 'd rather play the steelers though , because it 's in foxboro . 
  definitely . 
  neither team has been great , but if the steelers win we play at home and i really think playing in gilette in january gives us an advantage !, 
  also , the steelers d is much worse than the broncos d imo . 
  omg , there 's a beira mar flair in here ? 
  i might change mine sometime soon !, 
  ( seriously , this made my day ), 
  are you enjoying this season ? 
  i think it was exactly what the club needed , to reconnect with the people of aveiro !, 
  now let 's hope for a promotion !, 
  i understand that , but i really think that with good ownership it will be possible . 
  what we need right now is to connect with the fans and with the city , because imo the demise of the club was due to the lack of support . 
  i already changed my flair !, 
  the hype is real !, 
  i was the guy with the arsenal flair , not him , 
  i 'm `` primarily '' an arsenal fan , it has been my favorite club for a long time . 
  also , i know it 's frowned upon in this sub , but i 'm a benfica fan . 
  my family is from lisbon , and i 've been a fan since i started watching football . 
  beira-mar is my local team though , and i 've been an associate member for years , i 've played there and i love the club . 
  i 'm guilty of the downfall of the club though : like many in aveiro , i 'm a fan of one of the big three , and that means i did n't support beira-mar as much ( although i was a season ticket holder for a few years ) . 
  tl ; dr : i 've been a benfica fan all my life because of my family , arsenal is the team i follow most closely ( hence the flair ) and beira-mar is my local team . 
  some people here do n't like supporting many clubs , i have got nothing against it , i do n't choose the clubs i support rationally and i 'm no glory hunter , it 's just the clubs that i identify with . 
  just came back to say that i was at my local beer store and bought two . 
  going to save one for the red sox season opener !, 
  i ca n't even enjoy this ffs, 
  we need to score early in the second half !, 
  i think we still can get the 3 points , but our attacking transitions need to improve so much . 
  flamini did n't get the goal , but he was the only one there !, 
  i do n't know how fit alexis is , that 's up to wenger and the medical team . 
  if he is fit to play and there 's not a great risk of him getting injured again , he 's our best shot at winning this game . 
  i 'm so fucking nervous , let 's go d !, 
  brady is not focused , at least that 's what it looks like ... 
  our run game is definitely not good . 
  brady is looking better though !, 
  a turnover now would be huge , especially if it led to points . 
  the broncos d is brutal , brady needs to be on top of his game !, 
  malcolm butler might not be the best cb in the league , he sometimes does n't make the right play , he is n't perfect . 
  but the way he went from a `` nobody '' to `` super bowl hero '' and then how he kept humble all year . 
  he improved a lot , and he is an inspiration to me !, 
  their d is great , we ca n't deny that . 
  their offense ... not really !, 
  if we step up during the 2nd half ( especially brady ) , we can get that ticket to sb50 !, 
  that 's our gronk !, 
  the d is keeping us in the game !, 
  brady , please do your thing !, 
  should we go for it ? 
  wtf ? 
  ok , i 'm starting to lose some hope ... 
  please d , a pick six here would be glorious !, 
  hurry up !, 
  this is looking like a championship drive !, 
  i 'm buying a malcolm butler super bowl jersey if we win this game !, 
  now is the time to step the fuck up !, 
  i do n't care how well you played before !, 
  i only care what you do next !, 
  get us the fucking win brady , bring home the championship !, 
  holy fucking shit gronk !, 
  oh my god i love you !, 
  gronk is literally god, 
  it 's over guys , but damn we were close !, 
  my heart is still racing ... 
  fuck it hurts so much to lose like this !, 
  really , this just shows how terrible this sub is , the top comment is just saying how bad american football is . 
  why ca n't people respect what other people enjoy ? 
  i thought / r/nfl was bad but this is just awful . 
  i think they were both really important . 
  it was actually a mixture of three things imo :, 
  - rui vit\u00f3ria finally getting his ideas to work, 
  - pizzi and renato improving the attacking transitions, 
  - strength of schedule . 
  we 've played much harder opponents in those first 17 games than in the latter 17 , as / u/mendonza pointed out . 
  i think we got outplayed today guys ... 
  ( and i 'm way more pissed off than i should be with a game ), 
  today is not a good day . 
  first the bruins , now i tune in and we 're down by 20 ? 
  that 's the only condition ? 
  well , you could just do the following , in ~ ~ pseudo code ~ ~ java :, 
  for ( int i = 1 ; i < 8 ; i + + ) {, 
  system.out.print ( i + '' '' ) ;, 
  system.out.println ( num ) ;, 
  this would print 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 230 . 
  technically , this would fulfil your condition , but i doubt that 's what you want . 
  edit : saw java in your comment history , decided to change the code to java . 
  also , bear in mind that the condition you gave us only allows for numbers  = 36 ( 36 = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 + 8 ) . 
  just noticed i used the number 258 instead of 285 . 
  the algorithm is obviously the same . 
  the result is obviously different . 
  okay , i 'm not really that familiar with java but i guess you can import the java.util.random library and use the nextint method . 
  then , for each iteration , instead of subtracting * i * , you would subtract a random integer . 
  you would have to find some condition to generate the numbers , keeping in mind :, 
  * the first generated number would have to be < = num - 28 , because 28 is the smallest number you can write in a sum of 7 different integers ( so 28 + another integer would be written in a sum of 8 different integers ) .
