  fuck goodell upvote party !, 
  i 've never liked so many facebook posts in so little time !, 
  and i thought i was the only one doing that ... good to know i 'm not alone . 
  well , i 'm sure it will be worth the wait in the end !, 
  btw , thanks / u/mildlyincoherent !, 
  well , on an unrelated note , what 's with the bears and the seahawks signs ? 
  it 's great to have some points !, 
  utah has been great at stopping our runs and i still do n't know how to feel about our qb situation though !, 
  i 'm not watching the game today ( college football is back !, 
  ) , but i just checked the score and ... wtf ? 
  we needed that !, 
  3 interceptions ? 
  damn it rudock !, 
  our defense has been great , but there have been lots of offensive mistakes !, 
  why did n't rudock throw like this the whole game ? 
  that was a good drive !, 
  rudock has me conflicted . 
  on one hand , great last drive and some good decisions throughout the game . 
  on the other , 3 picks !, 
  granted one of them was not entirely his fault ( bad route by the wr ) , but the last one was so avoidable !, 
  he just gave it away by staring at the receiver . 
  and being a pick six , it made the game much more difficult than it already was . 
  all in all , much better than last year !, 
  excited for the oregon state game !, 
  trent miles was 20 -- 36 at indiana state and is 1 -- 23 in georgia state . 
  that 's his stats as hc : 21-59 . 
  edit : and georgia state 's only win in the last two years was the season opener last year . 
  they won 38-37 at home against abilene christian . 
  i 'm looking forward to georgia state at oregon ... 
  what a return !, 
  damn ... 
  patriots won , michigan won , and i guess bc wo n't lose a 62-0 lead . 
  not a bad weekend !, 
  what the fuck ? 
  and costa is still on the field after a dive and that hand to the face . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  well , united under lvg has n't been better , that 's true . 
  but what he said is still true as well , unfortunately . 
  we 're 31-0 against a ranked team , i 'm so okay with that !, 
  i do n't know why , but i 'd like that too !, 
  i 'm going to the madrid game . 
  as a portuguese , it 's my first time watching the celtics live , so i 'm really excited for that , even if it 's a friendly . 
  i do n't know about bold predictions , but i think olynyk and rozier will impress !, 
  struggle ? 
  well , it 's the second game of the pre season , almost every player will struggle to find their form . 
  vai depender do partido socialista . 
  real madrid is probably the euroleague team that plays more similarly to the nba teams . 
  it 's still different though , and you 're absolutely right !, 
  i 'm really looking forward to the nets games !, 
  a little bit of context :, 
  these are all controversial contracts , and some of them prove that these clubs have shady business going on , and shows how their presidents have lied . 
  i 'm a benfica fan , but it should also be noted that there is only one leak related to benfica and the president of sporting cp thinks benfica is behind this website . 
  because of that , he appeared on television a couple of days ago , revealing documents that reveal that benfica has a lot of dirty business going on . 
  these documents are available at an official blog : http://verdadeleonina.blogs.sapo.pt/, 
  one of the biggest revelation was that benfica offers the referees a gift which cointains an entry to the museum , an eus\u00e9bio shirt and a dinner for four . 
  uefa allows clubs to give referees gifts in the value of up to 183 euros , and bruno de carvalho argued that each one of these packs costs 500/600 $ . 
  i 'm not trying to state an opinion , i hope i was impartial . 
  if anyone wants to correct anything , feel free , i might have some incorrections . 
  yeah , i 'm really looking forward to their group in the euro 2016 !, 
  monreal has been great this season and this was one of his best performances here !, 
  i 'm not trying to say anything , but the last time a galatasaray team scored from a penalty kick against a benfica team , it ended 1-11 . 
  edit : i 'll be in my room crying if anyone needs me :(, 
  i fucking love amendola !, 
  fuck yeah , the d really stepped up !, 
  this looks like the 2014 playoffs-amendola , and it 's great !, 
  dobson has been good as well , lafell will have to improve if he wants to play more . 
  obligatory fuck the jets !, 
  it was a great stream , better than my paid gamepass subscription !, 
  i think that 's all i need to say , and congratulations yahoo !, 
  i really like you guys , and i think that 's what you need the most . 
  play manziel , let him have some real experience in the nfl . 
  you used a 1st round pick on him , and i do n't think you gave him enough chances to prove himself . 
  krejci makes me hard, 
  le handsome frenchman, 
  rudock , i doubted you in the first game . 
  now , 8 games in , i realized i was wrong . 
  chandler killing it !, 
  fuck the jets, 
  fuck the giants, 
  fuck new york, 
  this is a game we should have won . 
  the first half was just dreadful , and despite a solid second half , it just was n't enough . 
  so far , so good !, 
  i think my neighbours will complain about the noise tomorrow morning , though ... 
  totally worth it !, 
  why did n't they try a field goal there ? 
  great play by our d !, 
  oh my god jones , what an interception !, 
  both chandlers stepped it up right now !, 
  god , we needed that !, 
  good 3rd down , but please mcdaniels , try something other than 3 yard run plays !, 
  we score a td here and we have good chances !, 
  logan ryan has been absolutely killing it tonight !, 
  please do n't fuck it up now harper !, 
  fuck no , not gronk !, 
  dear injury god ,, 
  please let gronk be ok . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  gronk out and now this ? 
  monday will be rough , and i have to wake up in two hours ...
