yes , it looks really sexy !, 
  i suggest you read about [ emotional blackmail ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emotional_blackmail ) ... 
  if you feel that you do n't have a future with him , you must leave him . 
  sometimes , we must be selfish ... 
  trust me , i was the clingy one in the past , and i used to think my life would be meaningless if she left me and that i would commit suicide . 
  she left me and it turns out it was the best thing that could happen to me !, 
  tl ; dr : do what makes you happy . 
  if you are worried he might really kill himself , call someone to help him when you break up , but do n't let him control your life . 
  i do n't know him , but that looks a bit similar to a passive aggressive behaviour . 
  he wants you to stay , and wants to force you to stay , without actually forcing you . 
  he is saying you can leave and that there is no problem , but he does n't really mean that . 
  check the urban dictionary entry for `` passive aggressive '' and read the first example . 
  but hey , i 'm a random stranger on the internet . 
  i am young , i have almost no experience and no qualifications . 
  do not , i repeat do not take my word for the absolute truth . 
  it 's just what i think . 
  imo the best way to solve this problem is to either talk to a counsellor or to have a serious conversation with him , telling him how you feel . 
  if i had to choose , i would pick ronaldo first , ibrahimovic second and philip lahm third . 
  but i think messi is going to win again , considering what blatter said recently about messi and ronaldo ... 
  i feel pretty harmless , actually ... 
  thank you !, 
  you were a great help , seriously . 
  since i 'm european , i 've never even heard of ` cowboy shirts ' or ` western shirts ' , but now that i know , i have been able to find one on ebay uk . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't have any cowboy apparel store nearby ( i do n't even know if there are cowboy stores in my country ) , but i found one on the internet . 
  sure , [ here ] ( http://eu.spf.com/shop/man/trousers/chinos/pantalon-flat-front-chino-7340974?color=11491 ) , 
  thanks  i will start wearing some shirts with them ... 
  thank you !, 
  i bought a light blue ocbd , so i 'm going to try that one . 
  just tuned in and it 's already 4-0 ? 
  what happened here ? 
  65 minutes and no goals ? 
  i think it 's time for lord bendtner to do his magic ... 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  i have a samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 , so i 'm used to android , and having used an iphone for the last few years , i have learned to live without a memory card ( besides , there is always the otg option ) . 
  active notifications and touchless control are the features i like the most on the moto x , but are they worth the extra cost ( it almost doubles the price ) ? 
  yeah , i think i 'm going with the moto g , but the moto x seems so appealing as well ... 
  in the end , it comes down to whether touchless control and active notifications are worth the extra money or not , because since i 'm used to an iphone , i care more about the experience than the specs . 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  i ca n't even find the sone xperia zr for sale ... 
  on the other hand , active notifications and touchless control are two features i really like , but i do n't think they are worth 100 + $ . 
  i think i 'll buy the moto g , because the price difference allows me to buy a compact camera ( my main concern with the moto g is the camera ) . 
  thanks for your help , 
  as a benfica fan who likes juventus , here 's my opinion :, 
  first of all , enzo perez did hit chiellini !, 
  but we must not forget there is a foul before the elbow . 
  second , i 've checked with two referees ( even though they are from the lower leagues , they know the rules better than most fans ) and [ this ] ( https://farm3.staticflickr.com/2895/14058181822_ac5d467d08_o.gif ) deserves a red card as well . 
  so , applying the same rules for everyone , both chiellini and enzo perez should receive the same `` treatment '' . 
  ( by the way , one of the refs told me [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lrgcd1l4n4 ) is also a penalty . ), 
  i think referees ca n't be perfect and see everything , so we should not expect that from them . 
  ( although i admit \u00c7akir is one of the worst ... ), 
  you are free to disagree with me , that 's what discussions are for . 
  besides , it 's impossible for me to be completely impartial , as it is for every football fan !, 
  i wish you all the best and hope you win monday !, 
  ^ ^ butiwantyoutolosethursday !, 
  that 's my personal opinion as well , i was only saying what my friends ( who are referees ) told me . 
  i 've seen countless of those and the most i 've ever seen is it being a foul or an yellow card . 
  it was the first time i saw a referee being contested by fans of both teams !, 
  i do n't think he was doing it intentionally though , he is known for some bad games ... 
  well , you guys have a better team ( imo ) , so i think benfica was trying counterattacks because leaving our defense vulnerable when the other team has pirlo and tevez is the football equivalent to suicide . 
   although there is some tension on reddit right now between fans of the clubs , benfica is a club that i have a lot of respect for , and i hope we play another exciting match of football at the juventus stadium . 
  i think it 's the same for most benfica fans , just ignore the ones in / r/soccer , they are n't the smartest bunch ... 
  and i 'm sure it will be an interesting match , both benfica and juventus should be in champions league . 
  i did n't know that , and considering i 'm more interested in developing software than actual research , software engineering has an advantage over cs . 
  thanks for the information !, 
  realistically , do you think a computer science student could get a job as a software developer * easily * ? 
  ( by easily i mean as easily as a se student ), 
  or in terms of employment is it better to pursue a se degree ? 
  ( bearing in mind it has 2 extra years , although it is an integrated masters ), 
  in terms of actual learning , i think there is no big difference besides the engineering classes that cs does n't have . 
  but i will definitely take into account your answers !, 
  here it 's similar in terms of hours per week , but one of the degrees is and integrated masters , giving me engineering accreditation . 
  ( i do n't know if it matters , but it ca n't hurt ), 
   pick the program that will cover the topics you think are most useful , and be prepared to supplement your education heavily because no program is going to cover even 10 % of what you need to know . 
  that 's what i will probably do . 
  thanks a lot for your answer !, 
  even though i 'm portuguese , i would have no problem moving to other country , so my question is n't limited to portugal . 
  i understand the international systems are n't all the same , but it 's good to get some input from around the world , especially us and canada , where i would like to work . 
  you 've given me probably the most detailed answer i could be looking for , i 'm really grateful for your help !, 
   the longer one is the one to take , as it will help you best in the long run , whereas taking shortcuts now may limit your career potential in the long run . 
  both degrees will get you your first job . 
  as scary as it sounds , you want to start thinking about your five year plan , and your ten year plan . 
  what will you be doing ten years from now ? 
  that 's what you need to plan for now . 
  look at job postings that expect 5 + years experience . 
  what education are they looking for ? 
  do they want a 2-year degree or a 4-year degree ? 
  that 's where you 'll find your answer . 
  i never thought of it that way , and it sure gave me a new perspective !, 
  the se degree is probably better in terms of foundations ... 
  i will look at the curriculum for both cs and se but i 'm more inclined to the m.eng software engineering one considering it 's a 5-year degree and gives me the engineering education . 
  i was actually more interested in the computer science one , but after some research and now the answers i got here , i think it 's probably not the best choice . 
  it 's my first week and i 'm aiming for 20 . 
  ** week : ** 22, 
  it does n't feel tight , and that 's why i took it home . 
  the real problem is that it looks tight !, 
  i 'm skinny , so that 's probably why it does n't feel tight ... 
  i agree with you and i will probably return it friday , since i do n't like how it looks . 
  i think your answer was good enough , thanks , 
  with all the answers , i will definitely be returning it .
