  the most fascinating thing about every souls game for me has been to watch the lore videos and getting a better grasp of the whole world . 
  you can finish the entire game without actually knowing whats going on , but once you watch those videos , you actually realize how much lore and story is hidden and it gives you a completely new look on the entire game . 
  you suddenly understand why certain things are the way they are . 
  you understand what some npc actually meant when you first thought it was just rubbish , you understand why certain enemies or npcs have certain items or wear certain things . 
  you understand why certain areas look the way they are and so on . 
  it is beyond fascinating for me . 
  to give you an example ( warning !, 
  huge spoiler for dark souls 1 ), 
  at the beginning of the game you meet a priest who does n't strike you as anything special . 
  he says his sole job is to protect a woman and make sure she is safe . 
  when the guy leaves with the woman , he shortly comes back telling you that they 've been attacked and he ran away , forced to leave her behind and how he guilty he feels about it . 
  when you rescue her and bring her back to the main hub , she will however end up being killed . 
  now at that point , the game does n't actually tell you who did it . 
  however : in close proximity to the priest is a hidden area with a talisman and morning star ( the weapon a priest uses ) and items , that are being used to invade other players . 
  now usually , you would n't think much about it ( in any other game , when you pick up an item , you dont ask yourself : `` why did the developers put it here out of all places '' ) . 
  however , in dark souls these things actually matter . 
  the equipment is the same the priest uses , indicating that it might belong to him . 
  now the item that is being used to invade other players is usually for `` evil '' people , not for a priest who should be all holy and righteous , so you already start to feel suspicious . 
  now if you decide to actually kill the priest , he will drop an amulet , that actually belonged to the woman he was supposed to protect , meaning he was the one who actually killed her . 
  however ( and thats what i love about the souls series ) the game never actually told you that , it 's just there . 
  the only hint it gave you , were the hidden items ( which you could have even missed ) and most players would n't even think twice about them . 
  thats what i love about the souls series , it is up to you to decide , how much you care about the lore and story : it does n't force it up your throat nor does it make sure that everything is at your doorstep . 
  if you wish to know more about the story , you actually have to invest time into it . 
  totally fine , it is generally considered to be the best out of the entire souls series, 
  i havent played battlefield 2143 , but isnt titanfall rather similar themewise ? 
  i know about the hallway , figured that out after my third death lol . 
  my problem is not that i ca n't kill them , my problem is that i ca n't kill them with my shotgun . 
  i 've tried out the same with pistols and the viper and it worked fine , thats why i was posting here . 
   an 18 yo guy has sex with his 14 yo girlfriend . 
  the girlfriend is willing , enjoys it , wants it and does not feel molested , humiliated or coerced . 
  then the guy goes to jail for 10 years for having sex with a minor . 
  not really relevant to your point , but age of consent is 14 here . 
  so this first case is within the law . 
  der selbe typ hier : https://67.media.tumblr.com/5475144549909e7cbd0af577930ca63f/tumblr_mwiwy29hyn1r86ax8o1_500.jpg, 
  i respect your opinion , even if i do n't agree with it . 
  it is simply a cultural difference , we ( i 'm austrian , but age of consent here is even lower at 14 compared to germany where it 's 16 in most cases ) put more faith in our teenagers , we 'd like to think that they 're old enough to make their own decisions , even - or especially - mistakes . 
  american law regarding alcohol is a good example that confuses us immensely . 
  18 year olds are allowed to join the military and kill if need be , but alcohol not until 21 . 
  if only real life were that simple . 
  men with a college degree voted 50 % for trump , women voted 40 % for trump , latinos voted 33 % for trump . 
  it is exactly this type of thinking that made trump so strong in the first place : `` if you do n't vote for clinton then you must be a white , racist , mysoginistic man . 
  get off your high horse and stop being so arrogant . 
  you do n't change people 's opinion by insulting them . 
  just grab her by the pussy, 
  it 's not that i ca n't do the basic jumps with m & k , it just feels uncomfortable due to how far away the buttons are . 
  if the default button for crouching would be `` f '' for example , it would be much easier , i just assumed that they must have put some thought into using the button `` v '' instead that i am simply not getting . 
  i assume combos is assuming i yet have to unlock ? 
  but ctrl is even worse since i ca n't sprint at the same time . 
  i just dont understand how everyone else is doing it , trying to press `` space '' and `` v '' at the same time is just uncomfortable because my fingers are slightly in the way . 
  but how am i supposed to use ctrl for crouch when im using the same finger for shift in order to sprint ? 
  i am talking about the special jump where you have to press crouch during the jump and sprint animation . 
  did n't know you can do that , that seems to solve this particular problem . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't know if that 's just me , but that feels extremly uncomfortable to me lmao . 
  my ring finger is always on `` q '' or `` a '' , i guess ill just change the settings for the buttons . 
  i did , `` c '' feels more comfortable to me . 
  on another note : when doing these forward jump using crouch , is it normal to always jump slightly to the right because of the camera not being in the middle ? 
  yes exactly and because the camera hovers over the right shoulder , i have to move the camera to the left in order to jump straight . 
  at least in my game lol, 
  anyway it doesnt matter , even with my problems fixed i just ca n't help but really really dislike the game , i guess it 's just not for me . 
  same, 
  i dunno , i can only talk about austria , but i 've never heard of this problem here . 
  `` deutsch '', 
  happened to me too , but on pc and before the patch . 
  do n't see a way around it rather than restarting the game . 
  from `` looking for a wg '' to `` being homeless '' ? 
  wow that actually worked . 
  is there any word from dice about this ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  out of curiosity : is this in any way related to the recent election ? 
  but it worked fine before the patch ) ) :, 
  but how is this related to online connectivity ? 
  i am not talking about fps or the like, 
  i dunno , the ground uses low textures but the vegetation still looks amazing to me . 
  there is that joke that says germans sound angry . 
  meanwhile germans make fun of us for sounding angry . 
  do n't think too much about it , it 's just the way people speak here ( =, 
  `` some people just want to watch the world burn '', 
  i love this channel , im so glad she started posting again !, 
  so the boss changes based on soullevel ? 
  interesting . 
  but i suppose there is no harm in doing it in ng + for the first time . 
  got it , thanks . 
  should i have added a `` serious '' tag ? 
  the fallen knight set is not a rare set by any means . 
  i am talking about sets that you had to farm for , such as the mad warrior set from dark souls 2, 
  with `` rare '' i am talking about armor sets that are very hard to get . 
  the mad warrior set required you to kill a hostile invader over and over again in a specific area who would only sometimes spawn . 
  got it , thanks . 
  yea i figured . 
  i personally found there to be a huge increase in quality in the last third of the game . 
  out of all the mmorpgs i 've played , eso was one of the better ones . 
  the combat and skill system was more action oriented than classic tap target games , the question imho was better than standard mmos as it presented you decent stories and it overall felt polished and more immersive than other games i 've played . 
  that being said , i stopped playing after the latest `` one tamriel '' update , which - in short - changed the way experience and leveling worked . 
  now , all mobs would scale to your level . 
  the idea was , that you could now go whereever you like without being limited by your level . 
  however , i absolutly hated it because it also meant that the classical increase in lvl and the feel of getting stronger no longer existed . 
  for me , it did n't feel like i was improving my character anymore , as mobs would scale to my level anyway . 
  mixed bag . 
   ( except the schlacht bei sempach , which was 1386 !!,
