  i think of it this way : it relieves any pressure to win strangers over during brief interactions . 
  you do n't have to read a bar worker 's body language to work out what they think of your manners -- they 're going to remain straight-faced and direct and it has nothing to do with you . 
  this is either good banter or at least emotionally efficient so you can focus your energy on friends . 
  beispiel hier : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-24s0uq6jce&amp;t=7s, 
  personal opinion : bioware fucked up with the official ending , but in the end i found the true ending of mass effect 3 to be the `` citadel '' dlc , which in my opinion was a more than worthy ending to the series . 
  i am not a foreigner , i have however spent some time in ethiopia as well as having an ethiopian girlfriend who personally vouched for that restaurant saying it is as authentic as can be . 
  hello . 
  i am austrian , but my ethiopian girlfriend is also interested in studying here , meaning she will need to get a student visa as well . 
  may i send you a pm asking you some questions about how you got your visa ect ? 
  also : there is a fb group consisting of both austrians and mostly foreign students who come together every week to meet and hang out , visiting different restaurants , pubs ect time . 
  everyone there speaks english , so if you 're interested in meeting new people , this group might be perfect for you : https://www.facebook.com/groups/151348621708220/, 
  i have never had any bad experiences with the austrian post and i have been ordering stuff from amazon on a regular basis since years - never had any problems . 
  i found the story to get more interesting ( and less clich\u00e9 ) after `` a realm reborn '' . 
  thats also the point where you reach the first content , thats actually challenging ( primals on extreme ) . 
  its weird to say , but i hated the first 50 hours , now im loving it lol . 
  i assume players who bought the basegame a while ago do not have any restrictions ? 
  if you are looking for a group of people to hang out , you might want to try out this group : https://www.facebook.com/groups/151348621708220/, 
  it 's a group of students ( mostly european ) who meet once a week to visit bars , restaurants ect and hang out . 
  since it 's mostly foreign students , people almost always use english there . 
  youtube . 
  yes , you can do that , my girlfriend is currently applying for a master here in vienna that is being taught in english . 
  you can find a list here : http://www.studienwahl.at/content.node/homepage.en.php, 
  cutting your food ( like a steak ) into small pieces , putting the knife away and then using your fork in your right hand, 
  relevant :, 
  net gschimpft ist globt gnua : to go unscolded is praise enough . 
  i am english and my experience is :, 
  \u2022 vienna has a sarcastic and pessimistic cultural humour . 
  \u2022 unfriendly service is pretty much seen as cultural heritage . 
  kaffeehauskultur and sassy service are apparently a package deal . 
  \u2022 being in a good mood is n't part of their job . 
  they are paid to sell people food and drink , not to be happy about it . 
  \u2022 i swear the viennese dialect is 50 % nasal rudeness in good fun . 
  i think of it this way : it relieves any pressure to win strangers over during brief interactions . 
  you do n't have to read a bar worker 's body language to work out what they think of your manners -- they 're going to remain straight-faced and direct and it has nothing to do with you . 
  this is either good banter or at least emotionally efficient so you can focus your energy on friends . 
  yea , i totally understand you . 
  it was n't until i started reaching lvl 50 when the game actually hooked me . 
   society moved to this view because a child in almost all cases can not truly understand such weight with adult decisions and therefore can not consent . 
  you 're implying that there exists only 1 society moving in one direction . 
  now i do n't know where you are from ( if i had to guess , i 'd say american ) , but from my european standpoint , i would disagree with you and think an age of consent ranging between 13 and 16 ( as it is the case in most european countries ) is fine . 
  not trying to start an argument here , but as the guy above you said : different societies have different opinions about the same topic . 
  yea , i totally understand your point , i too would feel uncomfortable if my 15 year old daughter ( because let 's be honest , public discussion is always about girls ) would have a `` boyfriend '' twice her age . 
  that being said - again , cultural differences - i would talk to her , but not forbid it . 
  that is just my opinion , but i feel like european countries have a different approach when it comes to minors . 
  we do n't say `` no , you ca n't do that '' we tend to say `` you are no longer a child ( 14 or older ) so we have enough faith in you that you do what you believe is right '' . 
  sexuality of minors would be a good example of this type of approach , alcohol would be another one ( i find an age limit of 21 for alcohol to be very weird , in my country it 's between 16 and 18 , depending on the type of alcohol ) . 
  to put things into perspective : when i was around 15,16 it was n't unusual to have his her boyfriend/girlfriend sleep over , with the knowledge of the parents of course . 
  i recently had a discussion about this with some american friends and to say that they were shocked would be an understatement . 
  i never occured to me that this could be such a big deal in other countries . 
  i personally do n't drink alcohol , but i 've been told that you can not reach a state where beer actually becomes deadly because you will throw up before that happens . 
  that being said , the `` if we ban in , people wo n't use it/less '' never really worked , at least as not as far as i can tell . 
  the us has stricter drug laws , but consumes more drugs than almost any other western state . 
  you guys have very strict laws regarding sexuality in the context of minors , but considerably more teen pregnancies or stds among young people . 
  one of the most extreme examples would be iran , a country where drug dealers are being executed by the state , but still is the country with the highest amount of opium users in the world . 
  i do not believe that banning stuff is the right way to go , at least in regard to these things . 
  edit : sorry , i just realized you 're not the person i intially talked to , for the sake of this discussion , let 's assume you 're american :d, 
  sorry but you are objectively wrong . 
  the age of consent in austria is 14 , period . 
  of course there are certain criteria , but those apply everywhere and do n't change the age of consent per se ( i.e. 
  do n't abuse a position of power , the person aged 14 [ or higher ] has to be mentally mature , which is subject to interpretation but does n't apply to 99.9 % of cases ) . 
  even wikipedia has an article about it :, 
  1 \u00f6stgb ) . 
  i do not know where you got the idea that age of consent in austria is 14 . 
  again : i can - with 100 % certainty - assure you , that a 14 year old boy/girl is allowed to have sex with a 50 year old woman / man , even the link you sent me says so . 
  assuming that the 3 criteria mentioned above are not fulfilled , then all sexual contacts are allowed . 
  period . 
  i really do n't know where you got the idea that age of consent is 18 in austria , i think you 're mixing that up with another country , maybe some state in the us ? 
  most european countries have similar laws such as austria where age of consent lies between 13 and 16 . 
  edit : another source ( https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/174/seite.1740335.html ) :, 
  quelle : https://www.news.at/a/renata-juras-unsere-liebe-308176, 
  spyro 2 for ps1, 
  hallo . 
  there are a few shops who sell snacks tho rather than cooked meals, 
   the only reason is that she 's from an arab country and wore a hijab in one of her videos . 
  which is ironic considering her parents are christian . 
  a mixture of international food , souvenirs and snacks . 
  naschmarkt is very famous and popular - both among tourists and locals . 
  it 's one of those oldschool markets where you still have people shouting and costumers trying to haggle down the price ect . 
  uh what ? 
  it is common practice here to stand on the right so that people can walk on the left if they wish to do so, 
  3000 kommentare , not bad, 
  personally , i found oblivion to be much more interesting : more interesting quests , npcs and i even enjoyed the whole world of oblivion more ( especially the cities ) even though much of it was very generic fantasy . 
  overall , skyrim ( without mods !!!! ), 
  felt very stale and lifeless , i just could n't get immersed . 
  that being said : with mods , this game is fantastic . 
  for a second i thought you meant dark souls 2 and i was wondering what the fuck you were talking about lol, 
  i know its still pre alpha and a lot will change , but i found it very interesting how they changed the camera . 
  the camera is much closer to her back now meaning it would be impossible to hack and slash through hordes of enemies as the camera simply would n't allow that type of gameplay . 
  this feels way more like dark souls or the god of war game that has yet to be released , where the camera was closer to his back , therefore changing the entire flow of the combat . 
  interesting to see if they will leave it that way . 
   apparently one of the ladies in the groups was far more into my body style at the time then she was in the typical strippers, 
  okay now i 'm curious , may i ask what your `` body style '' looks like ? 
   when you 're indoctrinated into believing that your view is the only `` right '' view then thats the only reasonable reaction in their view , i believe . 
  which goes both ways . 
  i ca n't directly help you with your question , but in worst case i 'd just find a number that seems promising and call them , eventually you would find someone who can help you out . 
  that being said : are you aware that a fachhochschule is technically not a university ? 
  it 's more similar to how school works in terms of the structure and ( at least in my opinion ) universities have a better , more academic reputation . 
  also in regards to your link : austrian students usually do n't have to pay for college , which makes grants for austrian students kind of unlikely ( unless it 's a private school , but i 'm afraid i dont know anything about that ) . 
  so my guess is that those grants are first and foremost for international students , not national ones . 
   about the fachhochschule , do you know if getting a bachelor degree in there is enough for a later master study ?
