  do it like the japanese and take a shower together before having sex . 
  i 've never had sex with a japanese person before , but i must say i like the idea of being clean before getting dirty . 
  drinking alcohol, 
   in going through the blood elf starting area it 'll be explained why you join the horde , so do n't worry about that . 
  okay but even if it is explained , did i technically still `` miss '' part of the story , which happened in the 1st expansion ( where the elfs join the horde ) ? 
  or do you not join the horde until i am actually starting the 1st expansion - meaning ( from a lore perspective ) that they have yet to join them ? 
  also that with cata seems very ... interesting . 
  will the story still make sense as someone who has never played wow before ? 
  and here i am in a european country where the age of consent is 14 ... lol, 
  nothing for you , since it actually involves cooking ... 
  not at all , i 'll glady try different stocks to cook rice !, 
  i 've also heard good things about coconut milk . 
  i can recommend the german company esn . 
  how is the difficulty ? 
  i have heard mage is the hardest playing solo , thats why i chose one lol, 
  yea , i 've had the same problem . 
  i thought the game was terrible . 
  everyone just told me how i just have to be patient because the game gets better but i honestly wasnt in the mood to play 50 hours before the game gets '' good '' . 
  that being said : i am currently lvl 44 and i must got ta say they were kinda right . 
  i really hated the first 30 lvls or so , but the game only gets better and from what i 've been told , i havent even seen the good stuff yet . 
  so overall , i can only recommend you to keep playing , use dungeons , guildhests and daily roulette while focusing on the main quests . 
  i 've noticed that side quests barely give any xp and are hardly worth it . 
  i could be wrong , but i think one of the reasons for that is because there are so many females playing the game . 
  edit : seems like i was actually right lol , check out u/jenytos reply . 
   it 's only my impression , but in other mmos , its usually 8:2 or 7:3 , in cases where there are many female players . 
  for xiv , it feels really even . 
   yoshida : at offline events , it 's usually 50:50, 
  jesus christ , i was thinking of like 20 % max . 
  you have to use a small u. 
   that 's awesome !, 
  yes , i am an awesome boyfriend . 
  maybe i 'm just being arrogant , but i fail to see how american students do n't revolt against this . 
  the idea behind the food is a combination of the `` a bit too sour '' bread and the `` a bit too strongly spiced '' stews . 
  each on their own taste mediocre , but they 're supposed to be eaten together ( literally at the same time ) only then they start developing their flavours . 
  that being said , i did n't like injera either at first , now i must admit i really like it . 
  can i just say that i consider him to be one of the best reviewers i 've ever come across ? 
  have you seen the one on `` the witness '' ? 
  i have n't played the game ( and have no intention of doing so ) but his review was absolutely fascinating . 
   i do n't think he is a reviewer as much of an analyst . 
  this is much more indepth and discussing a games most basic themes , more than a basic review could do, 
  yes , you 're absolutely right . 
  i 'd argue this is one of the ( inevitable ) downsides as you ca n't really watch his videos if you have n't played the game , but plan on doing so due to the many spoilers . 
  thats literally what i told you too !, 
  glad you like ethiopian women , u/massive _ cock, 
  must have been your hair : dd, 
  i 've used google translate , hope that 's allowed . 
   red bull salzburg has broken into the training camp to dubai - and the israeli striker munas dabbur was not allowed to come . 
  the authorities in the emirate did not issue him a visa . 
  without his israeli striker munas dabbur , austria 's footballer red bull salzburg broke into the training camp in dubai . 
  as the current tabular range announced , the pro did not receive a visa for the united arab emirates ( uae ) despite the timely submission , and therefore flew with his second-class sister club fc liefering to his camp in malaga , spain . 
  `` we are still waiting for the feedback on our application , '' said salzburg 's sports director christoph freund . 
  `` in the case of a subsequent positive completion of the visa application , he will then follow the team to dubai , but it is important for munas , regardless of the fact that he gets used to his team training as quickly as possible after his injury . '', 
  in the past , there have been problems in other sports for athletes with an israeli passport when they enter the uae . 
  edit : tinsae i know youre reading this : ( s ) he asked how much you 're worth to me , i said 10 $ per hour , 8 $ if i book you for a day . 
  i 'm implying you 're a prostitute ... get it ? 
  haha , cunt . 
  `` what 's the stupidest name i can think of '', 
  vet dungeons are basically the old names for `` dungeon 2 '' , right ? 
  the `` u '' is right , now you only got ta write my name correctly . 
  trump is a lot , but he has never really been against homosexuals . 
  so when a left extremist group starts starts shit it 's not legit , but right extremist groups burning down abortion clinics are ? 
  yes , they are against the idea of a government , but it is also no secret that anarchist groups are very , very far left . 
  positiv . 
  interessant . 
  war der sex anders ? 
   they will be out in 2-3 years , after spending the time in a cozy youth jail , they will get free education/apprenticeships in jail , and psychiatrists to `` support '' them and their `` reintegration '', 
  no , they will not . 
  as an austrian i can assure you , the law clearly states that if people currently in the asylum system commit major crimes ( such as rape ) they will be deported as soon as they 're out of prison . 
  trust me , this story has caused an enormous outrage in my country and no one wants to have these guys in our country . 
  dating ? 
  you fucking twat, 
   the people were nice, 
  you sure we 're talking about the same country ? 
  make sure you 're drinking enough water . 
  it helps filling up your stomach and will help you with your diet . 
  with your weight i 'd say 3l would be a good estimate . 
   or maybe a cool tshirt with jeans, 
  edit : i literally just subscribed to this sub just to say this . 
   the biggest difference is the culture ( yes ) , you realize that swiss people are proud but always helpful and kind . 
  and vienna is vienna ( they got kinda still in the head that they are the former capital of a hugh kaiserreich ) . 
  ca n't say i agree with what u/troxx said about vienna , but this quote from u/traumtopfen in my opinion sums up viennese mentality perfectly :, 
   net gschimpft ist globt gnua : to go unscolded is praise enough . 
   i am english and my experience is : \u2022 vienna has a sarcastic and pessimistic cultural humour . 
  \u2022 unfriendly service is pretty much seen as cultural heritage . 
  kaffeehauskultur and sassy service are apparently a package deal . 
  \u2022 being in a good mood is n't part of their job . 
  they are paid to sell people food and drink , not to be happy about it . 
  \u2022 i swear the viennese dialect is 50 % nasal rudeness in good fun . 
  i think of it this way : it relieves any pressure to win strangers over during brief interactions . 
  you do n't have to read a bar worker 's body language to work out what they think of your manners -- they 're going to remain straight-faced and direct and it has nothing to do with you . 
  this is either good banter or at least emotionally efficient so you can focus your energy on friends . 
  change the site to english and then you use the filter for english only studies . 
  relevant :, 
  net gschimpft ist globt gnua : to go unscolded is praise enough . 
  i am english and my experience is : \u2022 vienna has a sarcastic and pessimistic cultural humour . 
  \u2022 unfriendly service is pretty much seen as cultural heritage . 
  kaffeehauskultur and sassy service are apparently a package deal . 
  \u2022 being in a good mood is n't part of their job . 
  they are paid to sell people food and drink , not to be happy about it . 
  \u2022 i swear the viennese dialect is 50 % nasal rudeness in good fun .
