  problem is this is my old pc we are talking about which i just keep as a backup or when my gf is coming over . 
  i do n't want to buy a new board for a pc i use maybe 30 times a year . 
   reformatting, 
  yes !, 
  thats the word i was looking for , thanks :d . 
  thing is that we are talking about my old pc which i barely use anymore . 
  i am willing to buy new ram but nothing else since it just wouldnt be worth it . 
  no , i did not monitor the temperature . 
  i figured since it forced a restart 2 min after i turned the pc on ( after not using it for half a year ) it could n't be the problem . 
  provided the specs , keep in mind this is my old computer we are talking about , not the one im usually using . 
  i do n't have an answer regarding your `` are germans in austria discriminated against '' problem , but when looking for a job , the ams ( arbeitsmarktservice ) is the best place to go . 
  gw2 only scales you down , but eso scales both ways . 
  it 's a mix of austrians and ( usually ) erasmus students meeting every week to hang out , go to bars , pubs ect . 
  everyone is welcome to join , it 's not unusual to see new faces every week . 
  this is just my personal opinion but i wonder if the ( generalized ! ), 
  difference between european and americans is that americans tend to have a different stance when it comes to young people and the need to `` protect '' them , be it from alcohol , sex ( and stds ) , drugs or sexual predators a la `` creepy men sitting in a park or driving a van giving away sweets '' cliche . 
  you ca n't drink until 21 , in many states drinkin in public is illegal , the age of consent in the us is ( collectively ) higher than in europe and i heard in some states you actually have to pick up your kid from school , meaning the kid is not to walk home alone . 
  i think the underlying idea behind a `` relatively '' young age of consent is `` you are 14/15 now , that means you are no longer a child , but not an adult either . 
  if you feel ready to have sex , then so be it , we trust your own judgement . '', 
  i suppose europe having a more relaxed stance on sexuality ( including a more broad sexual education ) helps too . 
   i guess it depends on who that 14 or 15 year old is having sex with . 
  if it 's someone their age or maybe slightly older then i think the law should take that into consideration . 
  for me personally there is no issue in that as young people are curious and will explore their sexuality . 
  the only concern is the possible exploitation of a child ( which they still are according to the law until they reach the age of 18 ), 
  i meant purely age of consent without exceptions when both are younger , we have that here too . 
  so in regards to my own country , once you are 14 you are allowed to sleep with anyone who is also above 14 ( rome and julia laws not taken into account here ) . 
   of course , the sexuality of children and the growth in the prevalence of technology leads us to other considerations , namely the production and distribution of child pornography . 
  what happens when a 14 year old takes nude pictures of themselves and sends it to their 14 year old girl or boyfriend ? 
  despite the individuals and their intent , it is still in fact producing , distributing , and possessing prohibited pornographic material . 
  it 's not what you asked , but i feel it 's an issue which must be examined . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  i always found it weird when i hear about teenagers in the us getting arrested for `` distributing child pornography '' because they sent nudes to their boy/girlfriend . 
  that 's when i checked my own laws and realized that was the case here too , at least officially , i do n't think it was a law that was actually applied . 
  i see they recently changed it so that sending nudes is legal , as long as they are above 14 and third parties are not involved . 
  i suppoes that 's a good middle ground . 
  so do the kids literally have to be picked up by their parents every day ? 
  what happens when there is a traffic jam or something and the parents are hours late ? 
   if the age of consent is 14 there , i still as a parent feel * comfortable * with an adult courting my 14 year old daughter . 
  i take it you meant uncomfortable here ? 
  i strongly ( ! ), 
  recommend you get the citadel dlc . 
  it is the true ending ( and goodbye ) from bioware and i consider it the pinackle of the series . 
  many thanks , that actually did it . 
  ughhhhhhhhhhhhh , yea that did it for me . 
  much appreciated !, 
  have you also played the 3 dlcs ? 
  they are far , far superior than the base game . 
  are there any gamse like divinity original sin but older ? 
  i am not sure if it would run on her pc, 
  yea , no consoles . 
  yea i know :d, 
  she is currently downloading dont starve together and it takes a total of 5 hours for 700 mb, 
  yea you 're right , sorry about that . 
  she lives in the capital of ethiopia , i live in europe ( austria ) . 
  she has wifi at home , so technically it 's unlimited , however it is very slow and often unstable . 
  internet or even electricity is sometimes unavailable during the day . 
  what that means is that we would need [ a ] game [ s ] that are preferably small in size , can be played online and do not require good internet or good specs . 
  additionally it should be a game that only i need to host while she just joins the game so that if her internet breaks down , we do n't lose any saves . 
  we have tried `` dont starve together '' and it worked surprisingly well , apart from her random disconnects . 
  could you give me some suggestions ? 
  i have to admit i do n't usually play many smartphone games . 
  regarding divinity : the first 5 hours or so have terrible ( ! ), 
  pacing . 
  you get thrown into a city with dozens of quests you ca n't complete yet while being ( mostly ) surrounded by mobs that will 2 shot you . 
  i also have to admit i 'm not a huge fan of the junior in this game . 
  i like games that do n't take themselves too seriously but imo divinity os goes too far . 
  that being said it 's still a great game once you get into . 
  title , cant there be some kind of agreement ? 
  i know that there is no `` right '' answer due to demographic and cultural differences both here in europe as well in the us . 
  what i meant was explicit differences in terms of censoring ( movies , games , music etc ) or how the public or media handels topics like sex . 
  questions like :, 
  x ) do students get some sort of sex education at school , do they learn how to use condoms . 
  x ) can you talk about sex in talk shows without anyone complaining, 
  x ) do you see nudity in tv , if so only at night or also during the day ? 
  x ) can women bath naked at the beach, 
  x ) can a mother feed her baby in the public , showing her breasts, 
  and so on, 
  ( english not my native language , bla bla bla , you know the drill ), 
  it 's time to replace my good old logitech g11 , since im not up to date concering keyboards , i thought i give / rpcmasterrace a try ( =, 
  i am willing to pay between 50 and 200 $ , most of the keyboards i found online are all very focused on software and hotkeys and stuff , which i dont really need . 
  i just need a nice keyboard that feels ( and looks ) nice . 
  any suggestions ? 
  it 's time to replace my good old logitech g11 , since im not up to date concering keyboards , i thought i give ~ ~ / rpcmasterrace ~ ~ / r/mechanicslkeyboards, 
  a try ( =, 
  i am willing to pay between 50 and 200 $ , most of the keyboards i found online are all very focused on software and hotkeys and stuff , which i dont really need . 
  i just need a nice keyboard that feels ( and looks ) nice . 
  the keyboard will mainly be used for typing and gaming . 
  any suggestions ? 
  my specs are :, 
  operating system : windows 7 home premium 64-bit ( 6.1 , build 7601 ) service pack 1 ( 7601 . win7sp1_gdr .140303 -2144 ), 
  bios : phoenix - awardbios v6 .00 pg, 
  processor : intel ( r ) core ( tm ) 2 quad cpu q9650 @ 3.00 ghz ( 4 cpus ) , ~ 3.0 ghz, 
  available os memory : 4094mb ram, 
  page file : 4067mb used , 4119mb available, 
  dxdiag version : 6.01.7601.17514 32bit unicode, 
  card name : nvidia geforce gtx 660 ti, 
  im not very familiar with pcs , so if i forgot anything ( i think my ram is `` ddr3 '' , cant remember ) : ) pls tell me . 
  even though i can play games like bioshock inf . 
  or batman , i 'm having problems with games like bf4 , crysis 3 and dayz . 
  can i just switch some stuff or do i have to get a complete new computer ( graphic card was bought recently , so id rather not get a new one ),
