  i will have to investigate more about their structure and how they work compared to a university . 
  i am 99 % sure it does , although i have little experiences with fachhochschulen . 
  what you can also do is message the \u00d6h ( \u00d6sterreichische hochsch\u00fclerschaft ) which represents the austrian students . 
  i looked at their site and found this : https://www.oeh.ac.at/en/referate/office-forgein-students, 
  this seems to be what youre looking for , although keep in mind that we currently have \u00d6h-elections , so it might take a bit longer than usual if you 're writing them a mail . 
  internet, 
  americas stance on sexuality - especially in regards to minors . 
  i am from a country where the age of consent is 14 and i believe that age is just right , everything above is just unrealistic . 
  when i was 15-16 , i had plenty of classmates whose boy/girlfriend would sleep over - with the knowledge of their parents of course . 
  or the thought of older men or women having sex with 15-16 year olds , i fail to see what the problem is . 
  sure , people can be exploited , but people from the us make it sound like a 15 year old is someone who has to be protected ( from sex ) , else they 're `` just asking '' to ger raped . 
  overall , i find people from the united states to be ( collectively ) too prudish for their own good . 
  you may now downvote me . 
  edit : i better mention that i am from a european country ( one of the wealthier , more developed ones ) , else people accuse me of being from the middle east or something , therefore apparently making my whole point invalid . 
   ** i 'm not sure if the word queer is common here ** , but in the usa we use it as an umbrella term for people who do not identify as heterosexual or cisgender . 
  i myself am afab and as identify as female and gender fluid and i am pansexual ( or bisexual ), 
  dunno , i always considered myself to be rather progressive , but i admit i had to google most of the words you used to describe yourself as ( although i have heard of them , i never met anyone who actually identifys ) as `` genderfluid '' and `` pansexual '' . 
  so to answer your question : unless you specifically talk to likeminded people , chances are people like myself might not be familiar with these words . 
  other than that : i have heard good things about the `` villa '' near naschmarkt , although i have never personally been there . 
  have fun . 
   i 'd rather have deeper conversations that move beyond one word identities . 
  yes , that is a very important point . 
  i mean do n't take that the wrong way , but this whole point of ... 
  i dunno , `` categorizing people '' based on ethnicity , ~ ~ gender ~ ~ sex , sexuality ect is something a lot of europeans ( at least i 'd like to think so ) are rather critical of because all it does is seperating people based on stupid criteria . 
  i got ta admit i always cringe when american newspaper talk about those evil `` white males '' being this or that . 
  so like you said , when people are confused , just say you 're bisexual , that should clarifiy it . 
  edit : also : as far as i am aware , the term `` gender '' and `` sex '' both translate to `` geschlecht '' in german , which might explain some confusion ( at least mine lol ) in regards to gender being more than just male or female . 
  more specific ( assuming you study at the university of vienna ) http://studentpoint.univie.ac.at/en/financial-matters/tuition-fee/amount-of-the-tuition-fee/list-of-tuition-fee-regarding-nationality/, 
   as for sex/gender the terms used are biologisches geschlecht and empfundenes ( ? ), 
  yea , i know that by now , that being said i 'm still pretty sure that there is no real distinction between these two words in the german language ? 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  monaco : ~ 38000, 
  japan : 127000000, 
  while i ca n't talk about egypt , i do have some experience in ethiopia with this kind of stuff . 
  what you basically have is a bunch of young men with literally nothing to do ( no job , wife , children ) who sit around all day waiting for something interesting to happen . 
  catcalling a western woman is literally the most exciting thing that will happen to them the entire month . 
  i 'm half asian and was born here . 
  the most racist thing i 've encountered is people asking me where i 'm from , but i refuse to classify that as racism as some people would do . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  edit : also in regards to `` germans/austrians '' are always rude stereotype , i will never not quote this :, 
  * net gschimpft ist globt gnua : to go unscolded is praise enough . 
  i am english and my experience is : *, 
  * \u2022 vienna has a sarcastic and pessimistic cultural humour . 
  \u2022 unfriendly service is pretty much seen as cultural heritage . 
  kaffeehauskultur and sassy service are apparently a package deal . 
  \u2022 being in a good mood is n't part of their job . 
  they are paid to sell people food and drink , not to be happy about it . 
  \u2022 i swear the viennese dialect is 50 % nasal rudeness in good fun . 
  i think of it this way : it relieves any pressure to win strangers over during brief interactions . 
  you do n't have to read a bar worker 's body language to work out what they think of your manners -- they 're going to remain straight-faced and direct and it has nothing to do with you . 
  this is either good banter or at least emotionally efficient so you can focus your energy on friends . 
  to add to that : german ( and especially the german spoken in vienna with its dialect ) can sound a bit intimidating when you 're not used to it . 
  to give you an example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lunlmfivnga, 
  if you do not speak the language , it sounds like he is shouting . 
  but to someone who lives in vienna , you might even argue that he is in a good mood and just selling his products . 
  how familiar are you with healers in the game ? 
  i have a lvl50 warrior and lvl 53 dk and do n't enjoy the combat all that much and i 'm thinking of switching to a healer , but i have never played one . 
  how do they play like solo and in dungeons/raids ? 
  in regards to austria and germany : the problem is not the society , but politics , the vast majority of austrians and germans support gay marriage , but its the \u00d6vp in austria and the cdu in germany who oppose it . 
  which is funny cause in austria gay people cant marry , but they can adopt children lol, 
  that 's ... weird ? 
  any explanation for that ? 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  currently playing dragon age inquisition on the highest difficulty and it 's very annoying due to combat and ai being so buggy , so i 'm looking for alternatives . 
  already played the souls-series more than i 'd like to admit . 
  it was n't until dark souls where i started to actually appreciate difficulty in games . 
  thanks !, 
  im a huge witcher fan but havent gotten around to play it yet , currently replaying w2 ( on the highest difficulty ) to get ready for 3 . 
  what kind of leg workout do you do ? 
  do n't you lack rest when doing legs 3 times a week ? 
  i 'm not sure if this applies for tourists in poorer countries . 
  which is why i am curious about how his leg workout looks like . 
   all your commonly used units are defined from the metric equivalents . 
  every time you say `` one inch '' you 're just saying `` 2.54 cm '' in a different way . 
  that 's like saying chinese and english are the same language , they just use different words that mean the same thing . 
  there is no way some of those girl are 18 or even older . 
  that being said , the pictures do n't show any real nudity , but it is very likely those pics are not obtained legally but rather just taken from fb , instagram ect . 
   often sites put the limit on showing nipples and vagina, 
  that 's not the definition of `` nudism '' i know lol, 
   and i did n't make a move because we had both been drinking , and it had been hammered into me that it 's rape if she 'd been drinking, 
  who told you that ? 
  may i also ask where you live ? 
  a bunch of kids doing a lapdance on grown ass men . 
  i love how the developers really do n't give a single shit hahaha . 
  did you play the dlcs ? 
  especially for mass effect 3 ? 
  the citadel dlc is the unofficial ending of the series and has to be played by anyone who is even remotely into the series , i consider it to be the pinnacle of the entire series, 
  not trying to be an ass but posting other people 's nudes online without their consent is a bit shitty . 
  it 's rather simple honestly : she has to eat healthier and do some exercise , which can be literally just be a 30 min walk . 
  check the wiki on the right side if you want to know more about dieting . 
  going to the gym is a possibility , but not really necessary considering her goals . 
  i thought me 2 dlcs ranged from good ( kasumi ) to very good ( lair of the shadow broker ) . 
  arrival kinda sucked , but is rather important to the story . 
  in me 3 , from ashes and leviathan are basically mandatory for the story , omega was okay and citadel is what i consider the pinnacle of the entire series , it 's so fucking good , especially if you have played mass effect 1 and 2 and port over the savegames . 
  i ca n't stress how good it is , one of my best gaming experiences i ever had i am not joking . 
  overall , yea , i strongly ( ! ), 
  recommend you get at least some of the dlcs , bioware in general tends to have good dlcs . 
  yes . 
  no blue screen or anything , just a restart . 
  it could be possible that it 's my board , yea ...
