  pretty much, 
  i dont understand what you mean, 
  i 'm sorry , i didnt know this was posted before . 
  should have figured tho , it went pretty viral . 
  my bad, 
  thx !, 
  hm not really . 
  any kind of business or organiastion would sound interesting . 
  yea i 'm sorry i should have been more specific . 
  we are 5 college students , 4 ethiopian and 1 austrian ( me ) , we are all between 21 and 22 . 
  i study sociology ( though i will switch to public health afterwards ) , the rest studies law . 
  we do n't really expect to find anything in naykok , i just wanted to ask here in case we get extremely lucky , otherwise we found something in bangkok with aiesec . 
  we also do n't really have any specific field in mind , we just want to travel and gain some experience ) :, 
   did you honestly think there would be a need for law students ( austrian law i presume ) in a tiny thai province ? 
  really ? 
  no , i did not , but nothing wrong in asking just to be sure . 
  huh , that really is n't a lot . 
  can you tell me more ? 
  where would i be able to look at our options regarding housing ? 
  any site or something ? 
  cheers, 
  why not ? 
  what 's wrong with asking a question on the internet ? 
  supplements f\u00fcr das training fallen nicht darunter . 
  but what if we all intend to stay longer ? 
  4-5 weeks to be specific , can we just extend the limit of our visa ? 
  that 's kind of problematic since there is no thai embassy in ethiopia ... 
  guess they need to go to nairobi ... thanks a lot !, 
  wow thats harsh, 
  yea i 'm surprised there arent more jokes in here ... 
  that being said , i am pretty sure that i have deathgrip , i didnt mention that i had problems staying hard when i recently had sex , so my assumption is deathgrip + too much porn . 
  such as ? 
  and what would i be able to do with a urban studies degree , since it does sound very theoretical when there is no real planning involved, 
  i sense a lot of sarcasm, 
  yea , i figured that . 
  do you happen to study urban planning ? 
  do you mind if i would ask you a few questions about it ? 
  ( per pm if you 'd like ) . 
  i 'd be really interested in what youre doing . 
  i figured , but can you tell me more ? 
  could you tell me more ? 
  what are the differences or what skills does a city builder ( irl ) need to have in order to be sucessful ? 
   those parts probably make a poor city builder game . 
  ha , that indeed sounds very reasonable . 
  and what kind of skills would i need as a urban planner ? 
  how important is math and statistics for example ? 
  yea , economics doesnt interest me one bit . 
  what about `` urban design '' ? 
  it sounds like it involves drawing and sketching . 
  does that mean i have to be a good drawer ? 
  i will do that , thank you very much !, 
  how would i lose that water ? 
  through sweat ? 
  no alc involved / :, 
  i actually drank more than usual, 
  well i did notice that i was sweating a lot during sleep . 
  couldnt figure out why ... that might be it, 
  no , what i was saying is that i was sweating a lot this night and that this might explain my temporary weightloss, 
  i did n't, 
  also : i do not think it has something to do with a diet , i am actually running a rather extreme diet with just 2200-2000 calories per day at 1.84 and 97 kg when i started , i am now at 93.3 after 13 days of dieting . 
  certainly most of it is water , but a sudden drop after a cheat day seemed weird to me . 
  hm im 184cm at 93 kg , so my bodyfat is certainly around or more 20, 
  not really , i did eat a lot of salty things tho . 
  huh ? 
  yes , that is exactly what i mean , i definitely looked leaner today . 
  well the visit is still 3 months away , so i dont think thats a problem, 
  stichwahl ), 
  oh , thanks a lot that is realyl helpful, 
  great cause i sent him a message already lol . 
  which country would be the easiest to get into ? 
  that could be possible ... man what a bitch move from microsoft, 
  i am angry because it was forced down my throat , not because i dislike it per se . 
  i was planning on getting win10 anyway as soon as i would get my new pc, 
  i said maybe , tbh i am not sure . 
  could this be it though ? 
  thank you for your in depth answer . 
  now unfortunately i will not be able to study urban planning ( master ) due to lack of foreknowledge . 
  what exactly would i be able to do with a `` urban studies '' degree ? 
  it sounds interesting , but why would anyone choose someone with this degree rather than `` urban planning '' ? 
  well we are all students so we are trying to keep it as low as possible , i was thinking of max 2000 $ . 
  yes , ive been looking at offers from airbnb for a while now , getting 1 month seems to be the best and cheapest solution . 
  problem is , that we have a couple with us so we 'd need some private bedrooms . 
  they said they also wanted their own kitchen, 
  --  all of this while staying below 2000 $ ) :, 
  say , could you do me a favour ? 
  i 've been looking at some offers from airbnb and specifically 2 catched my eyes . 
  my worry however , is that they 're very cheap ( one of them asks for about 300 $ for 22 days ) and we do n't know where these places are located ( shady area , close to shopping center , close to public transport and so on ), 
  would you mind taking a look at it ? 
  it would help a lot to talk to someone actually living in thailand . 
  interessant . 
  can you explain ? 
  im visiting thailand with 11 black girls lol, 
  they 're ethiopian , the prettiest kind ( =, 
  yea , i figured males would have more problems than females . 
  though they are not americans , they are 20 something college females from ethiopia , so it hope we wont encounter any problems . 
  ( theyre also very pretty , so im worried about other stuff lol ), 
  i think with `` white '' people just mean caucasian . 
  i 'm neither a trump support , let alone american - but this pisses even me off, 
  they 're all girls - what do you mean with dressing scary ? 
  thank you very much , this helps a lot !,
