  i must admit i didnt know that / :, 
  from what i 've gathered , english might be an option haha, 
  europa . 
   16 looks to be the common thread . 
  not really , unless you only talk about the us and canada . 
  and calling most of europe ( < 16 ) `` shitholes '' is a bold statement . 
  edit : i realized i misread your post the first time . 
  i still would n't fully agree with you , as for example a `` teacher - student '' relation and the like imo do n't fall under the `` real '' age of consent law , as those are very rare exceptions . 
  that being said , i somewhat understand where you 're coming from . 
   like i said in another comment , it 's not really 14 or 15 period . 
  it 's wishy washy , it 's 14 or 15 * . 
  sorry , but this is simply not true , it is very rarely older but in most cases lowers the age of consent even more , depending on the age of both people . 
  the only exceptions are when someone is in a position of power ( such as a teacher ) , if the person is mentally ill or if you pay the person ( prostitution ) . 
  being european i took what you said personally and checked every single country whose age of consent is below 16 . 
  albania : 14 ( unless mentally ill or otherwise not `` sexually mature '' ), 
  andorra : 14 ( period ), 
  bosnia and herzegovina : 14 ( with some unclear laws , but i just asked my bosnian friend and he said it 's 14 ), 
  bulgaria : 14 ( period ), 
  croatia : 15 ( unless both are within 3 years of age , then it is lower ), 
  czech republic : 15 ( period ), 
  denmark : 15 ( period ), 
  estonia : 14 ( period ), 
  france : 15 ( with the exception of `` sexual meetings '' with people under the age of 18 , though that law is n't very clear and depends on the context ), 
  germany : 14 ( with some exceptions if the 2nd person is over 21 , but in general it should still be 14 , allthough i 'm willing to admit that i am not 100 % sure ), 
  greece : 15 ( period ), 
  hungary : 14 ( 12 , if the other person is under 18 ), 
  iceland : 15 ( period ), 
  italy : 14 ( 13 , if both are within 3 years of age ), 
  liechtenstein : 14 ( period ), 
  macedonia : 14 ( or 18 , law is a bit unclear ), 
  monaco : 15 ( period ), 
  montenegro : 14 ( period ), 
  poland : 15 ( period ), 
  portugal : 14 ( or 16 , heavily depending on the context of the persons `` inexperience '' ), 
  romania : 15 ( 13 if there is no penetration ; none if both are within 3 years of age ), 
  san marino : 14 ( period ), 
  serbia : 14 ( period ), 
  slovenia : 15 ( period ), 
  sweden : 15 ( unless within close range of age ), 
  thanks . 
  would you generally recommend to use the autoattack toggle or just using the r or left mouse button ? 
   so if the game bores you , go play another game . 
  it 's not boring . 
  it just might not be for you . 
  i would n't necessarely say that it bores me . 
  i was a huge fan of origins , i 'm just a bit dissapointed that inquisition was turned into a glorified mmorpg . 
  well said, 
  i am sure there are plenty of trump voters who now regret their decision , but this entire article is based on some reddit threats and some random people 's twitter , that 's it . 
  germany ( such as austria ) is famous for its various pork dishes ( such as sausages or `` schweinsbraten '' ) - so not sure if that is something for you . 
  rice would n't be considered a `` classic '' german side dish but is still everywhere , no worries . 
  meinst du streamen vs downloaden ? 
  yea , thats what i meant . 
  i just wasnt sure if dice would lower the price even more shortly before ( or after ) the first real premium content gets published . 
   however , now the thought of living here for ever depresses me . 
  i really hate the weather here . 
  the winter is so fucking depressing i just want to go to the south and feel the damn sun, 
  out of curiosity : could you elaborate on that ? 
  is it only the weather ( also : may i ask where you are from ) or are there any other factors why you dislike the idea of working here ? 
  quelle : krone.at, 
  also , assuming it is possible : for those who might criticize me for basically getting 1 copy for free : i actually have bought the game 3 times now : first as a physical copy years ago , then on steam about a year ago and now on gog for the third time !, 
  did n't know that , thanks . 
  that being said , i 'll still buy witcher 1 and 2 again for my gf so i do n't feel guilty . 
  the game itself would be witcher 1 and 2 , so the mp part should n't be relevant here . 
  regarding the moral point : no , we do n't even live on the same continent , but as i 've started in the comments : i already own witcher 1 and 2 on steam and i was thinking of buying it again on gog so i could give it to my girlfriend . 
  so i suppose it 's kind of a grey area lol, 
  but is n't that basically the same ( in regards to what you said below about morally not okay ) . 
  i already own 2 copies of witcher 1 and 2 each - does it really matter whether i activate the non gog version or not ? 
  thank you for your in depth answer . 
  the problem is that my girlfriend lives in ethiopia and the internet there is beyond bad . 
  downloading games would either be impossible ( due to current unrest and constant internet shutdowns by the goverment ) or take - literally - weeks , that 's why i came up with the idea of buying the game on my account and then just putting it on a external harddrive . 
  as of right now i dont see any other way than to backup the 2 games and then buy two extra versions ( on my account ) as there is n't really any other way due to her not being able to download stuff . 
  hello , i am new to this sub and relatively inexperienced : can someone tell me why amazon would give these books ( kindle version ) away for free ? 
  got it , thanks . 
  if you 're new to the series , the beginning will be the hardest . 
  once you 're more comfortable with the combat and mechanics you will have an easier time ( and feel like a god ), 
  trust me , we have all been through this , the first real boss in dark souls 1 killed me 22 times before i managed to kill him . 
  id strongly consider using a controller to play the game . 
  the game just isnt meant to be played with mkb . 
  gundyr is one of the easier bosses , but i wouldnt say easiest . 
  i dislike him because once he transforms , his attacks become difficult to predict and makes the fight less about mechanics . 
  that kinda depends where you live , as laws are different regarding age of consent and ( i think ) what is considered a sexual act, 
  from the guardian ? 
  the cracks are very small , like half a cm wide , so i dont think foam is a good idea . 
  that being said : `` kwik-seal tub caulk '' is a sort of paste that you just put into the cracks and doesnt expand , right ? 
  ( sorry not english native and had to google that word first lol ), 
  like this : https://www.amazon.de/plastic-fermit-dauerplastische-dichtungsmasse-temperaturbest%c3%a4ndig-100-c/dp/b000v7hezq/ref=sr_1_1?s=diy&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1483383246&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=dichtungsmasse, 
  thanks a lot , im pretty sure i found what you meant . 
  it does look pretty similar to yours and google translates it as `` putty , filler , spackle '' so i think im on the safe side here :d, 
  i honestly have no intention to lvl a character to 110 before the starts to get challenging . . 
  i was hoping to experiencce all the former addons rather than rushing to the current endgame . 
  challening ? 
  as in `` the potential to actually die in this game '' . 
  but even if i were to do that - eventually i would hit the top and if i then want to experience all the addons that came afterwards , id have to lvl in retail wow anyway . 
  with a functioning brain and at least 3 fingers on each hand . 
  how many hours would it take for a wow newbie to lvl from 1 to 100 ? 
  but the leveling being a glorified tutorial can be said all the time until a new addon comes out . 
  i just want to experience the addons how they were supposed to be , rather than rushing through because they 're no longer considered endgame . 
  are you physically fit ? 
  if not , working out is what i would do . 
  not only will you change phyisically , you also change mentally due to an increase in confidence , it 's what helped me tremendously .
