  a question about the `` dressing conservative '' - i thought thailand would be the opposite ? 
  lots of women showing skin . 
  ( not counting religious buildings and the like ), 
  also : what do you mean with music ? 
  i assume you dont mean cars with loudspeakers ? 
  oh and : having different prices for the same product based on ethnicity is legal ? 
  does that mean we have to pay the foreigner price ? 
  oh okay , the national anthem makes much more sense . 
  interesting , why exactly shoulders and knees ? 
  i assumed it was about cleaveage and the like, 
  once again : thank you ( =, 
  thats what im most worried about - im the only one who doesnt drink . 
  and i 'll be the one having to play babysitter . 
  no we are just a group of friends . 
  i 'm just the most responsible one :d, 
  thanks , i will keep that in mind, 
  but the thing is i do n't just do it when orgasm , i do it from start to finish of the entire session , not just at the end, 
  wow, 
  there used to be many drug sellers around praterstern and the u6 , but due to recent police raids , the scene has moved elsewhere ( tho i cant tell you where ) . 
  ( and that adress is a police station ), 
  yes i know it was a joke , i just figured i 'd spare him that trip ( =, 
  not sure if it 's just me but the site does n't work on my phone, 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  ill talk to my friend about it . 
  thanks , ill keep it in mind . 
  well , i want to order it today or tomorrow, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  judging by the downvotes i seem to have said something wrong ... ? 
  yes , i knew the lack of locals was suspicious ... at least we will be more careful for now ... 
  hey , im having the same problem : did you manage to fix it ? 
  im standing right next to them , they just wave their arms and dont touch me, 
  why the salt, 
  a combination of weightloss and leg/buttocks workout will solve your problem ( squats , deadlifts ect are good starters ), 
  ca n't you guys see each other every once in a while ? 
  i live in austria , my girlfriend is ethiopian and we only see each other during semester break , so twice a year for about 3 months total , but our relationship is still going great thanks to whatsapp and facebook ( her internet isnt even good enough for skype ), 
  keto ist die no carb , high fat di\u00e4t , right ? 
  this is a group of ( mostly ) erasmus and some native austrian students meeting up every wednesday to hang out . 
  i know them personally and they are very chill people . 
  usually not more than 10 , you wouldnt be the only one new there . 
  there are usually a bunch that join ( mostly ) every week , the others are people that go once a month or are completely new . 
  i am not very social either , but it was really nice and you immediately feel welcome there, 
  `` chicken , rice and broccoli '' are mostly just synonyms . 
  i use different kinds of meats , carbs and veggies , as long as they have the same amount of calories . 
  chickenbreast ? 
  no it 's not . 
  i know this is n't related to your question , but out of pure curiosity : may i ask how old you are ? 
  well as a starter i can now actually join lounges and find matches without having to wait 10 minutes lol, 
  ah dont worry , my girlfriend had her first sexual experience with 21 ( with me ) and never had an orgasm before , so do n't stress it, 
  i totally understand where you are coming from , i just have a hard time understanding why i need to have this system in an mmorpg when i could just boot up skyrim instead . 
  ugh , i really hope i can get used to the new system . 
  i understand why they did it , i just ca n't understand why it would be better . 
  i get that the game is now more open and explorable despite one 's level , but it also makes me lose my sense of progress , if i dont feel like i 'm getting any stronger the moment i go back to an old ( weaker ) zone, 
  but i 'm not playing videogames for realism . 
  anyway , i am glad everyone else is at least enjoying the new scaling , but i 've been playing today as well and it just is n't for me , guess i 'll have to look for a new mmorpg . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  nooo , 100g of raw rice and 500g of beans without the liquid ( as i 've started above ) . 
  the initial weight of the cans is closer to 700, 
  i was n't comparing protein because i 'm talking about carbs now , i 've got my protein anyway ( 500g of meat ), 
  raw rice, 
  you 're right , i was n't factoring that in . 
  that explains why my can of red kidney beans has almost double the calories than the white ones . 
  i checked the white bean can again and it says 67 calories per 100g . 
  broccoli as your carb ? 
  i slipped . 
  sorry but my orc does n't go out with losers . 
  proof !, 
  that is not true . 
  income and living standards are not the same . 
  i do feel like you should try to make her work out again ( and diet of course ) . 
  have you tried doing this whole thing as a couple ? 
  youknow , stuf like buying groceries together , cooking together , working out together . 
  it can be a very fun and bonding experience once it clicks ( and especially once she starts seeing results ) . 
  she aims to lose weight , you aim to gain a sixpack ( just an example ) so you both have something that you 're trying to achieve together . 
  also , do you guys have a treadmill or something at home ? 
  i do cardio in front of the tv , makes it much more bearable . 
  it 's an awesome gym , but very very expensive . 
  i see . 
  i am thinking of not upgrading it for a while , since i do enjoy a challenge . 
  i just did a boss and it literally took me 2 skills to kill him q_q, 
  thanks , i will keep that in mind . 
  i am not sure i understand . 
  i am trying to burn away the fat , not the protein . 
  the idea is to fry the minced meat ( i obviously do n't add oil to the pan ) to the point where the fat has vaporized and im left with the rather dark and crispy meat, 
  true , i am just interested in wether the concept of `` frying away '' fat actually works lol , hence my post here, 
  that being said , i also just read about a method that involves cooking the meat in water and then removing excess fat on top . 
  might be worth a try . 
  i know , but i want to fry away all the fat without draining it , meaning i just leave it in the pan for a rather long time on high heat . 
  i 've never said that fat is bad per se , but i am in a diet and following a strict meal plan , which - among other things - consists of 500g of lean meat per day . 
  i usually go for chicken breast , turkey or fish but i am trying to add minced meat to my list . 
  hence my post here . 
  sure . 
  i am also working out 4 times a week and doing cardio 3x45 min per week - i know this whole post actually belongs into / fitness , but my post was n't accepted , that 's why i am posting this here . 
  edit : 184cm , 95kg ( though that is n't really relevant for my actual question ), 
  that sounds interesting , but can they just put poultry through the mincer without having to clean it afterwards because of salmonella ? 
  it would be great , but i dont have a butcher nearby ) :, 
  i do have fat in my diet , as you can see in link i 've posted . 
  the point is having more fat than planned in my diet, 
  i 've been in a diet for two months and eating the same meat every day does get a bit boring , that is why i am trying to add some variety . 
  thats the purpose of the entire post, 
  my advice is to watch some of the lore videos for bloodborne ( vaatividya is very popular ) .
