  do you have any friends who would want to join us ? 
  sure , i 'll add you . 
  what is missing from the goty expansion ? 
  the new chars ? 
  well up to you , i dont know much about the new chars . 
  have you played the game before ? 
  can you try to add me ? 
  my steam just goes black when i click on `` add a friend '' ... 
  shephard is my steamname, 
  damn , well then i add you another time . 
  when do you usually have time to play ? 
  and what timezone, 
  great , ill add you as soon as steamcommunity is up again, 
  still dark for me / :, 
  i thought this was borderlands 2 only, 
  i have no idea , but we can still play the campaign together if you like, 
  yes i agree , what is your steam name so i can add you, 
  u sure ? 
  i am not getting a match . 
  here : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076035826/, 
  yes , i am aware of the jobmarket and a sociology degree ( although it is a bit less serious here in vienna , since the university of vienna focuses more on social sciences rather than the natural sciences ), 
  that being said , i do n't want to live outside any cities anyway , i 'd also be open to moving around if necessary . 
  i was wondering wether public health would be more useful in a place with ( europe ) or without ( usa ) a healthcare system in terms of job prosperity and salary . 
  both options seemed to make sense d :, 
  still havent found anyone ) :, 
  yes you can , i know i did . 
  that being said , there are a couple of things to note ( at least how i did it ), 
  use more gum , i always took at least 3 pieces . 
  i didnt chew it like a normal person would ( somtimes on the left , sometimes on the right side ) , i 'd chew on one side for several minutes until my jaw really starts to burn , then i would switch to the other side . 
  ( note that you always move both sides so the 2nd side needs less time [ like when you cook a steak and only need a shorter amount of time for the other side ] ), 
  do n't be such a moron like i was and think that you do n't need gum and using your teeth as a resistance would be a good idea . 
  it is not . 
  two of my teeths eventually broke apart / :, 
  co op player *, 
  god not again, 
  where is the difference ? 
  according to the police there have been 2 refugees involved who came over greece into europe ( one of them about a month ago ), 
  funny , thats what they said about gays too . 
  not working for me either, 
  when i do that , i get two completly different names i have never seen before rather than the ones where i clicked on compare, 
  so everyone below diamond ? 
  what timezone are you playing in ? 
  this patch ? 
  hello , are you still looking for someone ? 
  funny , i 've been told the same by friends from ethiopia . 
  the overall feeling , that they are not african people , but `` habesha '' and therefore superior . 
  the term ethiopians use to describe themselves ( may also be eritrea ) similar to `` caucasian '' , `` asian '' ect, 
  i wish i could but i literally just have this picture . 
  i assume you talk about the us ? 
  i dont see that kind of behaviour in my country ( austria ), 
  hello , id be interested too !, 
   most kids are annoying i need a age group , im pretty young myself yet i wont be like down the mic ` omg !, 
  i hope u die of aids that was gon na be my kill :'( ' i 've got lots of friends outside of the age of 18 . 
  just saying :3, 
  this is exactly what a 13 year old would say . 
  can confirm too , i went from 30 to 50 here in austria, 
  may i ask why ? 
  this news has been all over the german media and teh title ( nor the article ) blamed refugees for this . 
  i am taking this personal because i hate censorship :, 
  sources, 
  engish sources :, 
  official police statements : ( german ), 
  other sources : ( german ), 
  edit : also please be aware that those involved were former refugees that arrived over 2 years ago , not the ones currently coming from syria , afghanistan and iraq !, 
  i agree , i know this is a delicate topic , but that doesnt mean we shouldnt be allowed to talk about it, 
  may i ask why you consider the article racist ? 
  you said i should stop being such a racist - unless i misunderstood you ? 
  no , nor did i indicate that . 
  rape is rape , but that doesnt mean we shouldnt be allowed to talk about certain correlations - under the assumption that they can be statistically proven - ergo are real . 
  am i saying that everyone person with an `` north african descent '' is a rapist ? 
  no of course not !, 
  i worked in a refugee camp for 3 years and met many people i still have contact with , but that doesnt make me blind to certain problems . 
  that there is a correlation between low educated migration and crime . 
  personally ( as an austrian ) i wish we had a system like the us or canada has it . 
  a very high amount of migration , lots of different cultures living together while being very careful who is allowed to enter to reduce the risk of certain problems even being created . 
  can you elaborate on what you mean ? 
  i am not sure . 
  when it comes to migrations i personally believe in a `` only if the positives outweigh the negatives '' perspective . 
  but this is obviously bit more difficult with real refugees . 
  compared to canada we do not have the luxury to - geographically - not be surrounded by countries people flee from . 
  canada has the luxury to be able to choose their refugees ( aka only the best in terms of education ), 
  well that depends on how you see it . 
  the news is very rapidly spreading in both german as well as international news ( nyt ) . 
  stories like this can have a big impact on the publics opinion which in return can affect germanys asylum / refugee topic . 
  have you read the article or sources i linked in the comments ? 
  your comment history does n't allow me to take you serious . 
  i 'm european so i 'm not very familiar with these tumblr extremist , but very interesting indeed . 
  i do not consider facts to be racist . 
  that being said , yes , this will certainly be used politically , but that doesnt mean we shouldnt talk about it, 
  talk about streisand effect ... 
  where do you see africa - especially ghana - in 50 years ? 
  will africa catch up - in every possible aspect ? 
  thanks . 
  i am furious about what happened , but this certainly has to be sad . 
  i feel sorry for those syrians and afghans who had nothing to do with this, 
  out of all the mmorpgs ive ever played , eso is certainly my favorite . 
  questing and exploring just doesnt feel like such a chore compared to other games, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i see no difference to what us soldiers have done in irak and afghanistan . 
  my apologies , my german got the better of me .
