  my point was that also western nations and soldiers have done many bad things, 
   in addition western soldiers are never praised for the murder of civilians . 
  seems like we have different definitions then . 
  ich meine zb die hier http://www.redcoon.at/b408436-nintendo-wii-u-pro-controller-schwarz_zubeh%c3%b6r-wii-u?refid=pla&amp;utm_source=base.at&amp;utm_medium=sea&amp;utm_campaign=cpc&amp;xtor=sec-103&amp;gclid=cjwkeaiaws20brcs-p-sslbslg4sjabbvcdphroucaygrhxevq5nky4j89gmg5iq5llnycum9g25kbocdydw_wcb, 
  these are the ones i found ( theyre german but its just for the pics ), 
  about the first link : but dont i need also the 2nd part to play games ? 
  the one where you control the directions, 
  and if i were to be looking for controllers like the pro controller ? 
  so similar to ps4 , xbox controllers ect . 
  are there any cheaper versions rather than the 40 $ ones from nintend ? 
  any company you can recommend ? 
  i think the two links from above are the ones u mean, 
  so my assumption is : young people : yes , old people : no ? 
  i actually am interracial , but have a white skin color : why will i get more stares than her ? 
  i assumed there would be more westerners than africans in taipei, 
  she doesnt speak a word chinese and mine is bad . 
  maybe enough to order basic stuff for food `` i want this '' , but otherwise : not really . 
  we both speak english ( and our native tongues german and amharic ) but i doubt the last two will help us out a lot :d, 
  not really . 
  we plan to visit during our summer break of college . 
  the last time i was there i must have been 3 or 4 years old . 
  so even though i have taiwanese roots , i basically know nothing of the country . 
  my mom is taiwanese , so i do speak a little bit chinese , i hope its enough :d, 
  thanks , i am really looking forward to it !, 
  yea , i was planning on using / taiwan as a guideline :d, 
  to be fair it would be kind of silly of a country to expect its tourists ( ! ), 
  to learn the country 's language , that would kill tourism, 
  well i am half taiwanese , so in worst case i should be able to get by with my terrible chinese, 
  omg wow . 
  i knew taiwan was very homogeneous , but i didnt think it was that extreme . 
  according to the wiki site , there are exactly 45 ethiopians living in taiwan , so the chance of meeting one is 0.000001875 % . 
  now she is making it her goal to find one in taipei :d, 
  i bite : do you mean fat or tall ? 
  and what about the size of . . everything in general ? 
  i mean i am `` only '' 184cm at 85kg , will i face any potential problems due to my size ? 
  alright , i guess i will just see for myself . 
  thanks for your help !, 
   chill and do n't worry about it . 
  the vast , overwhelming majority of muslim women are chaste . 
  the few that are n't are very easy to tell and they really are very few . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  true , i certainly ca n't talk about muslim countries , since i live in austria . 
   women would slap anyone that gets near them and gather around pedestrians to kick the shit out of someone harassing them . 
  which countries do you mean ? 
  i just wonder since i am neither muslim nor live in a muslim country , but especially after cologne , there has been a lot of discussions about the constant sexual harassment in north african ( muslim ) countries . 
  actually ethiopia is in the middle of a famine right now . 
  if i may ask : where are you from ? 
  whats your skin color ? 
  it 's not that easy . 
  even ignoring the migrant wave right now , canada has the advantage that - geographically - you are not close to any countries where refugees flee from . 
  something that ca n't be said about europe . 
  easy to say for a country that doesnt have to guard its borders as other countries do . 
  canada is in the middle of nowhere and unless we consider the us as a shithole , it doesnt have to deal with refugees as europe ( or even the us ) does, 
  i keep seing this `` to pull sumo '' . 
  wtf does it even mean ? 
  oh damn , i did not expect rea gion lock . 
  you do n't happen to know if the same goes for africa ( ethiopia in this case ) . 
  electronic things are usually imported from europe or the us ... 
  thanks for your help !, 
  we used an instead but still got a black screen - which i assumed was because we did n't change the settings to begin with, 
  can you tell me more ( especially the black people part ) . 
  i 'm european but half taiwanese and was thinking of visiting taiwan with my ethiopian gf . 
  saw the same thing in addis abeba , ethiopia, 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i just came back from my first trip to addis . 
  it really was not easy to watch ... 
  can you tell me more ? 
  what is your ethnicity ? 
  to be honest i assumed this would mostly happen to native women ... 
  iran always fascinated me , can you tell me more ? 
  i am austrian , can you tell me more ? 
  not necessarely . 
  in fact , some argue that european states having an official religion is one of the factors on why religion is generally weaker in these states - as compared to the us for example . 
  there are many factors contributing as to why religion is more dominant in the us as compared to other developed states - you could argue that the us is - somewhat !, 
  - an exception regarding the `` developed states are less religious '' rule . 
  please also note that i said `` one of the factors '' not `` the only '' or even `` the most important one '' . 
  anyway , because the u.s. is - technically - secular , the government does not officially support any religion , but since the us is mostly christian , this has led to a stronger monetization of religion ( here : christianity ) in the united states which in return led to a more dominant role of christian groups . 
  in short : because religious groups could not rely on the state for funding , they focused on monetizing religion which lead to a a more dominant role of said groups . 
  even shorter : religious groups in the us have more money . 
  same for me , i live in austria, 
  are there any europeans here ? 
  i 've tried battle lounge , but it didnt work for me - both joining as well as creating, 
  hey im also completly new to the game and very much interested . 
  my steam name is shephard, 
  i am not `` super silver or higher '', 
  me too ( : what 's your steam name, 
  mine is https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076035826/home/, 
  here https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076035826/home/, 
  ive sent you a request, 
  sure whats your steam name ? 
  this is my profile https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076035826/home/, 
  the problem of having long queue times and battle lounge not working is mostly a european / middle eastern problem . 
  afaik the us servers are fine . 
  hello , are you still looking for someone to play divinity original sin with ? 
  also , where do you live ? 
  are you interested in playing `` divinity : orignal sin '' ? 
  that sucks , i was looking for someone to play it with . 
  for the record , if you dont mind g2a then the game would cost about 27 $, 
  im interested too , what timezone are you in ? 
  sure .
