makes me cry every time, 
  placement matches are always horrible , especially so early . 
  i went from plat 5 to silver 4 ^ ^, 
  plat 5 to silver 4 :d, 
  i went from plat 5 to silver 4 but im still playing against the same low plat / high gold players than before . 
  you do realize that was the whole point of the nerf ? 
  you overall deal less dmg due to your e not scaling with ap-pen as an ap eve, 
  i thought this was just going to be a bad copy of dodgedlols version , but this one is actually really good :d, 
  +1 for euw, 
  50 shades of grey cause the book is just bad, 
  guess darien wasnt the only smoking weed yesterday ... srsly dunno what riot was thinking . 
  doing the remake was riots decision , not sks, 
  its euw, 
  why do i keep clicking on these links , knowing im gon na regret it . 
  seems like euw too, 
  im in a game and just got a `` attempting to reconnect '' here at euw, 
  spring split ? 
  guess he learned the difference between na and chinese soloq :d, 
  brb changing coast flair to dignitas, 
  yes, 
  oh god what have you done, 
  doublelift getting #rekt, 
  there is no need for that , if u press alt f4 you skip the 5 second timer and can immediatly press the reconnect button ( alt f4 brings you back to the client and doesnt close the program itself ), 
  about the first point : how exactly do teachers justify this '' dont have sex '' opinion ? 
  does it have religious reasons ( no sex before marriage ) or is it just considered to be `` bad '' ? 
  thank you very much for this in-depth answer ! . 
  especially the part with the `` son , they do n't want to show a man touching another man 's banana . '', 
  was hilarious to read :d, 
  `` do n't worry . 
  if we want kinky porn , we get it . 
  lol . '', 
  well , there got ta be a reason why the us has the biggest porn industry in the world :d, 
  i know lb is pretty strong right now , but those nerfs would kill her, 
  i still dont think he is going to be viable ( in terms of high elo/lcs ) . 
  his problems were never his lack of mr but his mana problems and his unreliable ult . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  i didnt know that , tyvm !, 
  im pretty / :, 
  well i went with the razer widow 2014 stealth edition , in worst case i can still send it back . 
  you said you are christian ; if i may ask : what are your opinions on atheism and homosexuality ? 
  edit : you have really nice teeth ... 
  you better deliver now, 
  wow, 
  * `` depends on your ram speed , but you should be able to re use it if it 's ddr3 . 
  - where can i check that ? 
  if i want to improve my ram , what are my options ? 
  and would it improve my performance ? 
  * `` really just need a new cpu/motherboard in that case . 
  something like a matx board and i5-4590 would be good for you . 
  ( ~ $ 100 for motherboard , $ 190 for cpu , maybe $ 65 for ram if you need it ... ) '' *, 
  - like i said im willing to pay around 1000 $ , if i would get a better cpu than the u mentioned , would it be worth or would my gpu hold it back ? 
  i got 1k ( $ ) , what could i get with that ? 
  ( motherboard , cpu and ram ), 
  if u say more ram , does that mean i get a new one or do i just `` plug more in '' ? 
  well if i take dayz for example : i can only run it at low with 30-40 fps ) :, 
  alright so it says i have ddr3, 
  northbridge nvidia nforce 790i ultra sli spp rev. 
  southbridge nvidia nforce 790i ultra sli mcp rev. 
  graphic interface pci-express, 
  memory type ddr3, 
  channels dual, 
  memory frequency 533.3 mhz ( 5:8 ), 
  cas # latency ( cl ) 7.0, 
  ras # to cas # delay ( trcd ) 7, 
  ras # precharge ( trp ) 7, 
  cycle time ( tras ) 20, 
  bank cycle time ( trc ) 27, 
  command rate ( cr ) 1t, 
  so if i get the cpu you mentioned above , plus a motherboard ( which one exactly , there are several qq ) and new ram ( btw * performance really plateaus after ddr3-1600 and 1333 is n't only a couple percent slower . 
  * --  u meant `` is '' instead of `` isnt '' , right ? ), 
  i should be able to play most games at high/medium for the next few years ? 
  oh and i am also going to need a new storage , since mine is ugly and broken since the day i bought it , anything you can advise ? 
  tbh i think the first witcher was better than the 2nd , so yeah , i 'd play witcher 1 first, 
  have you considered doing an ama ? 
  sigh , stuff like this shows us , why you guys are so much ahead in almost everything compared to the rest of the world . 
  i really like how league of legends has matured over the years . 
  the first trailer felt like that the game was meant for little children with no blood and brutality of any sorts ( or partial nudity lol ) . 
  this trailer definitely intends to adress a more mature community and i am very happy with this trend !, 
  uhm no , not for me , the button is in fact grey . 
  though it might have something to do with the fact that i already bought the party supplies ? 
  no , not yet , i was about to start the asari storyline, 
  ackerman and noname deciding to play 3vs7 those last 2 games ) :, 
  the gaming industry has already surpassed the movie industry in terms of money , but despite that , most people do not consider them to be equal . 
  why do you think is that ? 
  that was painful to watch ... 
  that was painful to read, 
  gg c9 , i feel sorry for alliance though ) :, 
  those ward jumps are beautiful ... 
  actually she 's not , check her comment history . 
  that doesnt really solve my problem , since i remember it being different when i played a year ago, 
  yes , i have the starter edition , guess that was the proble , . 
  thx !, 
  if i might ask : how did it turn out ? 
  who said that ? 
  okay , seems like there was a bit of a misconception : no , i am not a teacher , i am a sociology student in vienna in his first semester and i am writing my test tomorrow . 
  one of the topics are the methodological differences between social science and natural science :, 
  explaining vs understanding, 
  nomothetic vs idiographic, 
  deductive vs inductive, 
  quantitative vs qualitative,
