  we learned about a couple of studies ( milgram , whyte and of course durkheim ) and `` suicide '' is the only one i have a problem with . 
  i am pretty sure , that `` suicide '' is `` explaining '' , `` nomothetic '' and `` quantitativ '' but i am not sure wether it is considered to be `` deductive '' or `` inductive '' . 
  yes and that is exactly the problem , we didnt get any background information on his study . 
  all we got were about 4 and a half pages where he talkes about the correlation between education , religion and suicide . 
  that 's it , thats why im having so much problems with this one ( where as whyte for example was extremly easy to narrow down ), 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say inductive, 
  well why the hell not , good luck to everyone participating !, 
  same for me , cant log in anymore, 
  me too , cant log in either, 
  i 'm just gon na add `` prude '' to your list, 
  hey , thank you for your help i really like this one . 
  could you try to change its color , make it a little bit less yellow ? 
  that would be great !, 
  edit : wow , i just noticed you even removed the border and the reflections of the window . 
  this one is perfect , thank you so much !, 
  edit : am i in the wrong sub ? 
  yea , so are we . 
  the teacher literally just gave her the title `` image summarization in multimedia systems '' and wants her to do a presentation about it , with no background information whatsoever . 
  i had the same idea , but ... http://imgur.com/7gcxokz, 
  i have tried that , but i get 0 matches . 
  i feel some folders in my game are actually missing, 
  i used to work in a refugee camp in vienna , where i 've meet a young woman from eritrea . 
  thing is , she was a jehovas witness , a religion that is not allowed in ertitrea , meaning it was even worse for her than just the average eritrean . 
  well i havent met anyone ( including me ) who had any problems with dsfix , you should definitely install it and follow the instructions ( dont forget to disable aa in the ingame option or else theg ame might crash ), 
  her ? 
  i doubt it lol, 
  what a shitfest, 
  i am not familiar with the taiwanese demography , but i assume its very similar to japan , meaning 99 % are natives ? 
  how often do you see foreigners in taiwan ( in this case everyone who is not asian ), 
  what kind of insensitive questions are we talking about ? 
  stuff like hiv , ebola ect ? 
  thanks !, 
  ill make sure to warn her :d, 
  i 've told her about this , she said it was funny as hell . 
  something completly unrelated : what is a keeper ( in this context ) ? 
  that 's exactly what i mean, 
  crysis 2 ( ! ), 
  was released for consoles as well, 
  but why does my pc struggle with divinity : original sin ? 
  the graphics are nowhere near gta 5 or the witcher 3, 
  with upcoming games such as gta 5 and witcher 3 , i 'm thinking about replacing my 7 year old pc , but i 'm still not sure wether its worth it . 
  what would you guys recommend ? 
  this is my current pc :, 
  win 7 64 bit, 
  bios : phoenix - awardbios v6 .00 pg, 
  processor : intel ( r ) core ( tm ) 2 quad cpu q9650 @ 3.00 ghz ( 4 cpus ) , ~ 3.0 ghz, 
  card name : nvidia geforce gtx 660 ti, 
  that makes sense , but i 'm talking about games that did n't actually improve their graphics . 
  crysis 2 runs fine , divinity orignal sin does n't , but d : os does n't have better graphics, 
  well if i decide to get a new pc , i want to make sure he can handle future games for at least 5 to 7 years , so i 'd say i 'm willing to pay about 2k max, 
  im willing to pay 2k max , but i want to make sure that i dont have to replace him for the next 5 to 7 years, 
  so if we compare the 2 games i mentioned above : what makes d : os more demanding than crysis ? 
  i thought stuff like ai would be more demanding for a ego shooter than a game like d : os, 
  i did n't necessarely meant highest settings , just medium to high settings with a solid 60 fps ( in 5 to 7 years ), 
  no , it did occur to me , but comparing crysis 2 with divinity original sin : what makes the latter more demanding ? 
  that 's exactly why i 'm a bit hesitant !, 
  can you tell me the name of the new intel generation so i can make sure to get one of these once they are released ? 
  thanks !, 
  which is what i 'm considering anyway . 
  someone told me to wait for the new ... skylake ? 
  intel generation , so i guess that 's what im gon na do . 
  when crysis came out , i bought my current 2000 $ pc , thinking it could run crysis 1 on highest settings . 
  damn was i salty ... 
  right , i forgot to mention that i switched out my gpu about 2 years ago , i used to habe a 9800gtx if i remember correctly, 
  you have to take in mind , that most of these hateful young people are just kids or teenagers in their puberty thinking the more they swear , the cooler they are . 
  i 'm not a guy , i 'm a pretty princess, 
  it isnt , i forgot to mention that i switched out my gpu about 2 years ago, 
  damn , i thought g2a as legit , because people in this sub recommended it to me ... do n't think ill buy a 2nd key ... 
  i am just in my 2nd semester of sociology , can you elaborate what you mean with '' stop visiting default subreddits after your second year they will only make you angry '', 
  i 've been told this is a serious sub and yes , i am aware , that social sciences are not the best option for a career . 
  i was working for a refugee camp here in vienna where i met a girl from ethiopia . 
  she was deeply christian , i was an atheist/agnostic . 
  i will say that we were very young ( both around 20 ) and while we both really tried , it just did n't work . 
  my adivice : break up , it is unlikely this relationship will lead anywhere . 
  this video is over 2 years old ... 
  especially for the european union ; it strictly forbids the death penalty for their members, 
  working for an ngo was my initial plan , but the more i read about the topic , the more i question the actual benefits of ngos so now i am not sure what to do ... 
  i tried but they actually feel like they are burned into the tray, 
  no , why ? 
  regardless of what you and i think about the current asylum situation in europe , trying to delete or censor stuff is n't going to help anyone . 
  so they 're purely optical and not dangerous ? 
  did n't know that , i 'll give it a try , thanks !, 
  just being cautious, 
  can you really blame them ? 
  italy and greece would never be able to handle this refugee situation if they would n't break the rules . 
  i agree with you that people fleeing to the west is not a solution for the problems in their own country . 
  that being said , we do have enough ressources , its just poorly distributed , even within a country ( us ), 
  no , distribution of wealth is a much more complex issue than just `` giving everyone the same amount of money `` n money alone does n't solve social or cultural problems . 
  however ( and that is just my personal opinion ) when you just look at the usa ( or any country , its just much stronger in the us ) you see people barely having enough money to get by while others have so much , they would n't even know what to do with it . 
  call me a socialist , but i find that wrong , but of course you are free to disagree . 
  i live in europe . 
  yes , that 's a great advice , i told her about some steoreotypes she might encounter ( `` you look like beyonce '' , `` can you sing '' , maybe aids or ebola will come up ) and she actually thought it was pretty hilarious . 
  as in `` will that cause any potential problems '', 
  so as long as we leave again , we are welcome ? 
  if i may ask , why is that ? 
  yes with `` we '' i meant foreigners in general :d, 
  if i had a problem with her being black , she obviously wouldnt be my so :d, 
  yes i can totally relate to that . 
  i 've always lived in the west , when i first encountered racism in ethiopia against me , i was very ... surprised , because im simply not used to it :d, 
  thanks !,
