  what is your timezone ? 
  ( and most of all your steam name :d ), 
  sorry , didnt see you were the same guy from above . 
  have you played the game before ? 
  also your steam profile is set on private , i cant seem to add you, 
  personally i dislike the filter . 
  uhm ... you do n't know much about international history , do you ? 
  yes , i noticed the same in ethiopia . 
  many people love him , but do n't seem to have a clue of what he actually did . 
  bioshock 1 is arguibly the better game , have n't played 2 , but ive been told its just more of 1 . 
  that really sucks , i just want to play ) ) :, 
  by losing weight . 
  you ca n't control where you would like to lose it . 
  i dont quite understand what the problem is . 
  so you like non white men - so what ? 
  i am a half caucasian half asian guy and i like east african and middle eastern women and i actually like it . 
  im always the guy with the exotic women :d, 
  how old are you ? 
  if you are a student i 'd recommend checking out aiesec ( http://aiesec.at/de/ ), 
  gender studies sind n witz . 
  thanks !, 
  where do you live if i may ask ? 
  master als minimum ? 
  i usually stay out of politics but this one really made me laugh . 
  i suppose that counts too lol, 
  i 've had similar experiences when i was in ethiopia . 
  being a white , tall young man sure gave me a lot of attention ... 
  they are indeed ( =, 
  well , i only had 2 ethiopian girlfriends so far ( including my current one ) , but habesha women certainly have a special vibe to them . 
  i liked the food , although i needed a few days before i got used to injera :d, 
  may i ask where you live ? 
  have you met her in ethiopia ? 
  she was a virgin . 
  plus i knew her already ( though only through fb ), 
  unless she was hiding ketchup in her vagina , i am pretty sure she was a virgin . 
  besides : not every african woman is a prostitute with hiv looking to exploit white men . 
  edit : moron . 
  no offense but stuff like this can only happen in the us . 
  are you sure its not just very slow ? 
  i have to wait between 5 and 10 min before i can connect to a game - from what ive been told this can happen if you live in the middle east or europe, 
  austrian here , can confirm ( =, 
  not sure i understand, 
   austria is also much smaller is it not ? 
  yeah we have crime here , but we 're not crazy gun happy like the us, 
  yea sorry i meant different perceptions based on one 's origins . 
  thats why i am posting here in the first place to get a better understanding of the country, 
  i still dont get it . 
  classic `` the bad areas make the good areas look worse than the actually are '' it seems - thank you !, 
  i did n't factor that in when i looked at the statistic . 
  well as i 've stated im european , not american . 
  so i take free healthcare for granted tbh ( as well as the waiting times ), 
   a downside to canada is that we do n't have a lot of `` old '' or `` deep '' culture here . 
  the country itself is n't very old at all . 
  so , if a building is 100 years old ... well ... that 's ancient to us . 
  i suppose thats up for preference , vienna is like one big open air museum . 
  sure it 's great to go to a university thats 650 years old , but i always cared more about modern and new stuff , rather than old and historical . 
  that makes much more sense , thanks !, 
  i am turning 22 , so yes - that being said i dont plan to move anywhere in the next 5 years , maybe when i am older . 
  japan always interested me a lot but i 've also heard its hard to get into the culture , let alone being accepted as `` one of us '' from a japanese perspective . 
  also my gf is african , so i am a bit concerned about that . 
  : dddddddddddd, 
  my african gf complains about always being so hot in ethiopia . 
  guess she and i should visit canada in the winter ... 
  the `` huge distances '' part is certainly something i would have a hard time dealing with . 
  from vienna i can visit half a dozen countries within a day , some just half an hour away ) :, 
  safe bet . 
  can you elaborate on what you mean with `` us culture conflicts with canadian values '' ? 
  you mean stuff like death penalty and guns ? 
  i really love the way immigration works in canada , especially in the context of the current immigration crisis in europe . 
  i have to admit : having worked in a refugee camp for 2 years , i have actually went from `` very left '' to `` somewhat right '' regarding refugees ( not migration per se ) . 
  but the great thing i love about canada is that first , people actually see the country as a country of immigrants and secondly , canada has - due to its position on the map - the luxury of being able to choose its migrants without having to care much about borders , therefore actually being in control of the entire situation - something that ca n't be said about europe ( until recently i suppose ) . 
  really love it !, 
  i am currently getting a bachelor in sociology , but plan to get a master in public health after it . 
  as of right now , i am not planning to move anywhere , it just a thought i had for the future , in maybe 5 to 10 years . 
  yea , pretty much what i have been told to . 
  `` people are very friendly as long as you do n't forget to leave eventually '' :d, 
  yet from what i 've seen soul shields dont affect your physical appearance , right ? 
  and what about weapons ? 
  i came across like 3 different weapons for my class from lvl 1 to lvl 20 and im still using the first one , because its the best ( and the only one upgradable ), 
  hm , i see , thanks . 
  kinda sad , i really like the game but i also like this feeling of constant progress and better equipment . . hmmm, 
  yea i am constantly debating wether i should go for eso or b&s as my main game , still undecided . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  it 's great that you want to be informed before coming to vienna , but jeez christ you are not going to saudi arabia . 
  wear a bikini for all i care, 
  based on your comments it seems like you 're implying we forced the plane to land in our country . 
  we did not . 
  what happened is that all the neigboring countries did not allow the plane to cross their country , therefore asking if they could land here . 
  to be fair you ca n't really compare those countries with the west - not just regarding age of consent but society as a whole in terms of sex . 
  may i ask where you live ? 
  ok , as a european i kind of have to disagree with you on this one . 
  when you read stuff like how almost a 1000 people were executed in 2015 or how all women must wear a headscarf ( the recent uproar about french stewardesses refusing to wear one comes to my mind ) then you ca n't really blame us for the view we have of iran . 
  why do you blame us and not your government instead ? 
  they are the one trying to portray iran like this , not us . 
  i remember a couple of years back when a western female politician ( i think from germany or scandinavia ) visited iran . 
  later , some medias and politicans were furious how she `` showing too much skin '' and `` was almost naked '' - of course our media will jump on stuff like that , but can you really blame us ? 
  so 1 person represents a country of 80\u00a0000\u00a0000 people ? 
  they are mostly against foreigners from the middle east and africa , sometimes eastern european , though it varies . 
  they are anti eu and pro russian . 
  thats about it , never heard them say anything bad against americans , asians ( non muslim part ) or other ( mostly ) other europeans .
