  i 'm in a diet right now , so most of my meat consists of chicken breast or lean beef . 
  however i am currently trying to add minced meat to my diet plan , but i have a 2 questions about it . 
  i know that minced meat has more fat than chicken breast ( pork more than beef ) , but is it possible to just `` fry away '' the fat ? 
  most people would consider the minced meat burned by the time the fat is gone , but i dont have a problem with it as lon as i stir enough so it doesnt stick to the pan . 
  say my goal is 500g of lean meat per day , by the time the fat is fried away it lost a lot of weight ( water and fast mostly ) - does that mean i should use more ( raw ) meat to achieve the goal of 500g of lean meat ? 
  edit : i solved my problem by buying a meat grinder lol, 
  so i 'm doing the main mission where i first encounter a bloodsucker underground after trying to defend a group of stalkers against the army . 
  now i 'm not sure if i 'm doing something wrong or if it is bugged , but i cant seem to kill them with shotguns . 
  i 've got that crappy shotgun with 2 shots in it , but the bloodsucker refuses to die . 
  so far i landed 17 shots point blank ( only counted the ones where i saw blood ) but it still did n't die and eventually killed me . 
  i dont have that problem with my ak , where i need about 2 mags to kill them . 
  so is it just bugged or are they somehow immune to shotguns ? 
  edit : thanks everyone for the help . 
  while i managed to fix my problems , after playing the game for a little more i realized that i literally dislike everything about the game , i guess it 's not just for me . 
  thanks again for the help ,, 
  first of all : i am not here to talk bad about the game , i know this is r/warframe so i know the people here must love the game , i am simply utterly confused and ran into some problems when playing the game ( for about 3 hours now ), 
  - ) is the game supposed to be played with a controller ? 
  everyone tells me how good the combat and flow of movement is , but i am just here thinking to myself that these are the things that i hate the most about the game . 
  the movement just feels sluggish and lacks precision . 
  i 've been looking at some high lvl gameplay of the game and all i 'm seeing is people jumping around on the map killing mobs . 
  which brings me to my 2nd question about movement : am i supposed to use my `` v '' button to use things like sliding and this special type of jump ? 
  cause i 've got pretty big hands , but i found it very uncomfortable trying to use those jumps while jumping because you basically have to press shift for sprinting , space for jumping and then pressing `` v '' at the same time , which felt uncomfortable to me . 
  i know you can change the button layout , but am i just doing something wrong ? 
  it feels weird having this as the standard layout . 
  - ) does the combat change as the game processes ? 
  cause of right now i am just running to enemies , smashing my `` e '' button until he is dead , using ranged only when he is too far away and i 'm too lazy to sprint to him . 
  - ) this is less of a question but more of a statement : i found the introduction in terms of tutorial kinda bad . 
  once i 'm on the ship i didnt really know what to do . 
  the fact that most things are not being explained , did n't really help . 
  again : i am not trying to badmouth this game , i really wanted ( and still do ) to like this game because i 've been looking for a new multiplayer game and the reviews were fantastic . 
  i am not very familiar with tablets , so i thought i might ask here . 
  does n't really matter from which company or which size , just anything decent . 
  hope this does n't break any rules, 
  everything worked fine before , but now im stuck at the `` connecting '' screen before eventually being put in offline mode . 
  my internet works fine , i 'm online on origin , but i just ca n't seem to connect to the servers when playing battlefield - anyone else got that problem ? 
  it worked fine before the patch , however , once i disable dx12 it works again . 
  i contacted support , they gave me a bunch of instructions but nothing worked - any ideas ? 
  smash racism !, 
  smash sexism !, 
  smash interphobia !, 
  i do n't like my current playthrough , but since i havent played the dlc yet , im thinking of getting into ng + and then starting the dlc , but is there anything im missing when not playing it during ng ? 
  [ removed ], 
  have n't finished the game yet and i 'm trying not to look up all the armor sets as i dont want to spoil it for me . 
  i 'm new to the game and this confused me , as i can just brute force my way through bosses until he eventually dies . 
  edit : i meant : why do bosses not regen their hp after you die '', 
  being a big fan of heavy armored guys with sword and shield , i decided to play a qunari with s&s . 
  however , i am not sure if im doing something wrong or if it 's just the combat itself , but i found combat to be extremly frustrating and i am not even talking about the many changes present in da : i. 
  now im playing on pc and have turned on auto attack and the biggest problem i have , is that autopathing during combat is a goddamn terrible . 
  now i know the other games ( especially origins ) had the same problem where my character would sometimes circle around the enemy for a second because he could n't find a good spot to attack , but in da : i i found it to be even worse . 
  my character sometimes needs 3-4 seconds before attacking - especially when using abilities he sometimes ends up walking around aimlessly trying find the right spot , but just bugs out and ends up doing nothing . 
  i have tried to play the game like the old ones with the camera not being locked and being able to click on abilities for example , but i am wondering if that approach might be wrong in da : i and if i should treat it more like an action game , meaning using a fixed camera , not using autoattacks and more actively moving my character during combat as compared to origins . 
  any advice ? 
  so i recently started playing this game and immediately noticed all the `` kill 10 of x and y '' and so on . 
  since i find them to be boring and a waste of time , i want to avoid them as much as possible unless i need some xp . 
  is there any way to see which ones are interesting as in `` with an actual story that arent filler quests '' and which arent ? 
  the premium pass is currently reduced by 15 $ ( now 35 isntead of 50 ) . 
  does the premium pass usually go lower than that once the first premium content is actually being published or is now a good time ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i recently found a video on hegre.com basically saying that masturbating with a peeled ( ! ), 
  cucumber can have health benefits for women . 
  is there any truth to it ? 
  or anyone got any links for more information ? 
  i could n't find much to be honest . 
  i am currently studying sociology ( bachelor ) in vienna , austria and intend to do a master in public health afterwards . 
  i enjoy travelling for longer periods of time ( such as living for x months in country y ) and was curious how/if i can combine that with a degree in public health for example . 
  i apologize in advance , i am sure this has been asked before . 
  i did use the search button , but was n't 100 % convinced , hence why i am posting here . 
  so , let 's say i buy witcher 1 on gog , does that mean i can now take the files and transfer them to the laptop of my girlfriend , so that we both can play it when we feel like without being tied to my account ( from what i 've gathered so far , it seems it is in fact not tied to my account , but i still would like to make sure ) . 
  thanks in advance , guys !, 
  the pizzeria downstairs had a problem with cockroaches , so now the entire building has them . 
  professionals were already here ( and i also bought a gel that kills them ) but now i want to stuff the small cracks between wall and ground to prevent them from entering my appartment . 
  how do i do that ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i know mmorpgs are supposed to be easy the first few hours but i feel like wow just went over the top with it . 
  i assume this is due to how old the game is by now and how blizzard wants you to get to the latest maps as soon as possible ( or is there another explanation ? ) . 
  anyway , at what lvl does the game start to get challenging and , well ... interesting . 
  i am currently lvl 39 and so far i feel like the world feels extremly lifeless and dead . 
  there are an incredible amount of invisible walls , npcs barely interact with each other and i 've found the maps outside of the towns to be very boringly constructed . 
  games like wow or gw2 - even though they had worse graphics - felt like there was actually something going on . 
  npcs would talk with each other , would go somewhere and do stuff . 
  i do overall enjoy the game , but to me it feels like this is a huge letdown and makes it very difficult for myself to immerse myself into the game . 
  my question is : do these things get better as you reach new zones ? 
  especially maybe heavensward ? 
  so i recently finished wc3 and decided to pick up wow . 
  being very interested in the lore , i am a bit confused about the bloodelfs , because they were introduced in an expansion rather than from the start . 
  if i start as a bloodelf , does that mean the lore and what happened before the burning crusade is expected of me to know . 
  i mean i have no idea how and why the bloodelfs joined the horde and i 'd rather not play one without knowing why . 
  would it be wiser ( from a lore perspective ) to play another race , one that was introduced with the launch to actually know whats going on ? 
  i know `` enjoyable '' is highly subjective but my question is wether playing through all the old expansions is still worthwhile - again , for someone who has never played that game before . 
  will i still see other people ? 
  is the difficulty really that low ? 
  will i be able to find groups for dungeons , raids ect ? 
  anyway, 
  so i am not far into the game yet and was wondering how the update has changed the difficulty , especially dungeons . 
  i 've done a few dungeons ( 1 and 2 ) and was wondering how the difficulty will change once i get to higher lvls ( only lvl 23 so far ) . 
  will the difficulty stay the same throughout the game ? 
  what happens once i reach max lvl and start leveling my cp ? 
  will there be specific dungeons only for people with max lvl with higher difficulty ? 
  [ removed ], 
  recently decided to try out wildstar , but i 'd hate to start a game only for it to be shut down in the near future ( that is assuming i like it ),
