i 'd say at least it 's not only austria , but then europe as a whole is endangered by this kind of incompetence , considering that most countries assign their most useless and incompetent politicians to eu posts ... 
  the sad thing is that he seems to be one of the more capable ministers we have . . 
  there seems to be no required qualification to be a minister in austria besides knowing the right people but i think that 's the same on most other countries . 
  well that 's what i meant . 
  i did n't mean the internet tax specifically but the other things his government did before . . and well , it was n't 2.5 $ before the protests , was n't it ? 
  before they did n't mention the cap . 
  good point !, 
  putting pressure on the country 's government without public outcry would strengthen his support . . 
  i did n't consider that . 
  the eu you should have put some pressure on orban long ago ... 
  it 's really shocking what he is able to do in a 21st century european country . . 
  sounds great , were have a deal !, 
  it 's a cruise ship !, 
  it 's because alienating the state israel is seen as equal to antisemitism . 
  please do that ** before ** you get infected !, 
  i 'd bet that these isis supporting idiots do n't have a stable job ... 
  why do we have to tolerate people who have no respect for us and our culture and yet they live here and let us pay for their social security ? 
  then we have to tolerate how they drive around showing support for a group that would like to eradicate what europe stands for ? 
  that does n't sound right if you ask me . . 
  that 's what we get for all that `` tolerance '' ... 
  there plan with windows 9 is to unify their tablet and phone os , so it makes sense to just call it windows . 
  regarding the nokia name , it had to come sooner or later because the time they 're allowed to use the name on phones is limited . 
  they still call them lumia for the time being . 
  if we ever get to the point where the european union is considered as one country ( a long time from now - if ever ) these could just become provinces . 
  well , the eu did sanction austria some years ago , so it is certainly possible . . 
  i 'd really love to see some european companies to step up . 
  we need some european services that can compete with the rest of the world . 
  europe has become less and less important in the consumer tech sector and with nokia more or less gone it 's really time we start getting some of it back . 
  land of the free ... 
  many do , i am sure , others probably have to , but it 's still no reason to speak of extermination . 
  you forgot kim jong un . 
  he gets it too . 
  first of all , it would n't just be one nuke ... 
  it would be the end of life as we know it . 
  to quote einstein :  i do not know with what weapons world war 3 will be fought , but world war 4 will be fought with sticks and stones . 
  second , the end of the putin regime ( not through the way of war ) would be a win for humanity ( as long as it is not replaced by an even worse one ) but `` the extermination of russians '' would not be one . 
  i ca n't imagine that most russians would want to die for putin 's delusions of grandeur . 
  and killing off a whole people/nation because of its leader is n't something that could be considered as a win for humanity . 
  and it would certainly be a crime against humanity ... 
  wtf !, 
  no one would win such a war . 
  humanity would lose ... 
  seriously , it 's disgusting what these barbarians are doing to our people ... 
  someone has to act , and the best for that would be some special forces that secure the area . 
  the eu should not accept such treatment of their citizens . 
  they deserve a proper burial at home . 
  and the relatives deserve to get back their belongings . 
  yes you ca n't study it but having some relevant university degree ( business , history , education , etc. ), 
  would certainly help our politicians . 
  the chancellor should at least have some relevant knowledge in one area ... and obviously it would help our education system if the education minister would n't be a banker like she was some years ago etc. 
  i am not saying that you * need * a degree to be a good leader of a country , but it is obvious how clueless many of our politicians are in their area and it certainly would n't hurt them . 
  and faymann certainly is n't suited for his job ... 
  well reading up on wikipedia it seems he might have finished school but , at least it is 100 % certain that he has no education whatsoever that qualifies him for his job . 
  a clown who only had good friends in his party and no qualifications in any way to rule a country ... 
  that 's what happens when someone who does n't have any qualification to be in charge of a country becomes chancellor ... 
  he did n't even finish ~ ~ school ~ ~ university and became a taxi driver instead ... 
  yes he is a clown . 
  i ca n't believe we made him chancellor ... 
  a `` problem '' of europe in the eyes of the high eu politicians always has been that there are so many different cultures here . 
  it sometimes seems they are actually fighting our cultural heritage in order to unite europe , and even if that means replacing it with islam they do n't seem to care . 
  what about videos then ? 
  well , of course they 're saying that their families are in sweden . 
  it 's kinda hard to prove that though . 
  `` additionally they denied food that was offered by citizens of l\u00fcbeck . '', 
  did n't the same happen in hungary ? 
  and then the news were talking about how they were hungry . . 
  and in addition to that the article also says they denied food they were offered by locals ... 
  that 's true . 
  yes , still horrible though . 
  apparently he stopped by himself in front of a police station and surrendered . 
  they just said that in the press conference . 
  according to the press conference he stopped halfway through , jumped out and stabbed two people before continuing on . . unbelievable . . 
  it is horrible when something like this happens somewhere else but even more shocking when it hits so close to home . 
  a part of me is still thinking that this kind of thing ca n't happen here , but crazy people are everywhere unfortunately . 
  this is high treason . 
  i hope those responsible for it will be punished at some point . 
  should n't they rather choose the most qualified person for the job regardless of the gender ? 
  that 's what gender equality should be about , not some artificial quotas . 
  yes , that 's true , but in theory europe could use this inequality to boost all of europe 's economy , i.e. 
  invest in these countries ( not necessarily just with money ( at least until corruption is not as common anymore in some of these countries as it is now ) but more with projects ) and get economic growth throughout europe in return . 
  i see lots of potential here . 
  why did china have so much growth ? 
  because there were lot and lots of projects , basically rebuilding the whole country , the high speed rail networks etc. 
  ( sure they also have cheap workers but still ) if europe were to work together we could easily overcome the inequality and get some nice economic boost and as a result strengthen europe as a whole . 
  is this too optimistic ? 
  maybe , but i think it could be possible . 
  this is really the only way to keep europe competitive in the future , the question is though if we will ever get politicians at the head of the eu and all the nations that care more about the future of europe and its people , than their personal gain . 
  only then it would be possible ( and of course we will always have the leaders of the various nations that are against that because that would mean we would need less national bureaucracy ... - we already had this problem on a local scale when they unified districts of a province here ... ) . 
  tarred and feathered !, 
  what you say is very true . 
  my comment was ( a little off topic and ) more related to the eu working in the interest of the europeans . 
  but well , the refugees are all rocket scientists and doctors , right ? 
  / s i 'm not really sure actually , but if someone wins maybe from all this it 's at least the construction industry as buildings/shelters/fences have to be built . 
  it takes longer for the government to decide on normal construction like infrastructure improvements . 
  i meant people in the sense of the country . 
  it was poorly worded . 
  we need a government that works on improving the country and moving it forward , which in the end is interest of the people ( people meaning us and future generations , not those who are shouting the loudest ) . 
  yes , in the 60s , after they built the power plant . 
  it 's true we probably have the government we deserve , but do n't take our clown politicians ' stupidity for the people 's single word of the country . 
  personally i 'd welcome building modern nuclear power plants in the eu and also in austria and closing all the coal and gas power plants we currently use .
