not everyone feels the same obviously , but the larger point that we have a much more malleable concept of national identity stands . 
  even donald trump 's supporters would n't really say that their concept of what it means to be american hinges on a certain ancestry . 
  even the white people in the us readily acknowledge that their a mix of irish/italian/polish / anything without any cognitive dissonance over calling themselves american . 
   anyone who still to this day think intervening in the yugo wars was a swell idea is clearly beyond reach . 
  funny cause that 's how i 'd describe people who think we should 've let the bosnian genocide continue ... 
  that 's idiotic . 
  assad is close allies with russia and there 's no amount of reconciliation with the west that would turn him away from it . 
  and why would anyone want to ally with the regime that has consistently murdered a civilian population ? 
  the vast majority of the hundreds of thousands of civilians have been killed by the regime . 
  yes , at this point assad is going to and should remain in power , but give him guns and bombs ? 
  the worst mass-murderer of the 21st century ? 
  christ . 
  a better ally to the west would be an independent kurdish state formed out of parts of iraq and syria . 
  erdogan would probably go fully over to putin but hey , * he 's erdogan , * fuck 'em . 
  well corbyn-labour is too far left for the electorate . 
  before it was imploding because of the blairites ' iraq adventure and the incompetence of gordon brown and ed milliband . 
  okay i do feel the need to respond to some of the anti-u.s. comments * a la * the us is an evil empire too . 
  okay maybe in latin america that claim is fair , and there you might be able to say that russia is equivalent or better . 
  but the us has never done any evil in europe even remotely comparable to what the soviet union did to the baltics , eastern and central europe . 
  and our current behavior is nowhere remotely comparable to that of putin 's russia . 
  i mean in global affairs , the way we share our intelligence and security apparatus , and our commitment to liberal values , the worst that can be said is we are an imperfect ally to europe . 
  look at russia 's propaganda campaigns in estonia and moldova , their attempts to destabilize those governments , their invasion of ukraine . 
  in contrast we regularly provide intelligence to western europe leading to the capture of islamist terrorists . 
  i 'm not saying we 're perfect , or that we always treat our european allies with the respect they deserve . 
  but there is a strong basis to call us * allies * which you can not say for russia . 
  i think it has a cyclical effect . 
  third parties are a joke , so intelligent and qualified people gravitate towards electorally realistic politics , ergo a vicious cycle . 
  even further third parties look like wackos because they 're so marginalized that they spend most of their time whining about they 're being discriminated against or ignored by the media . 
  i think the subsequent major terror attacks really did their part as well, 
  and within countries - urban vs. rural , multicultural cosmopolitan vs. traditional working-class . 
  what is this from ? 
  as long as this entails drinking a fuckton of beer, 
  hey hey !, 
  i don my flag undisguised !, 
  i do n't need to hide my cultural imperialism ... 
  for hillary too a big point i think was that a few weeks before the election she was up like 10 points , so it seemed like the polls were more inflated , when they had leveled out by election day, 
  yeah but his tax plan is going to entail massive tax cuts , and he campaigned on repealing obamacare , our not even halfway-socialized healthcare, 
  well uk conservatives before the * dark times , * before the brexit ... 
   notice also that this is from the heritage foundation , an extremely right wing and nationalist source . 
  even they do n't argue against globalisation for example . 
  yes but they are traditionally economically right , very pro-free trade, 
  probably also that people emigrate much more from eastern europe , and since it 's often people looking for work to send back money to their families it 's going to be men ? 
  also probably that men are just much more able/willing to set out on their own, 
  and berlin is los angeles !, 
  i 'd say the same for scottish english !, 
   peasants haha pretty sure they do n't call them that any more, 
   ( leaving out switzerland for a moment ) what about belgium ? 
  what about spain with catalan ? 
  and conversely the opposite : where people who share language , looks and culture are in separate countries ? 
  ireland bisected , germany and austria separate , scotland and england in a nebulous space where their union is supra-national ? 
  or is it national ? 
  will scotland be independent ? 
  they clearly share language but how much do they share culture ? 
  you could argue that austria and germany have different cultures but you could also argue bavaria and the rest of germany share different cultures . 
  i think the further you probe the more examples you 'll find of how a country existing for an ethnic people does not perfectly fit . 
  and there are plenty of instances where that template does n't apply at all . 
  i mean especially a nation like germany which has only existed for 140 years or so . 
  think of the argument that germans need to `` learn their culture/history . '', 
  but take figures such as kant and goethe who never even existed at the same time as a german state . 
  i remember hearing something like sarkozy saying french people `` are all gauls now '' regardless of their country of ancestry , completely ignoring the fact that gauls only made up a small percentage of the total population of frankish tribes . 
  the whole `` we need to protect our culture '' argument seems a little silly when you view it with the perspective that these national identities were fabricated in the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  scholars dreamed up these ties between existing nation-states and the centuries of culture before them , as if they are discrete , coherent entities . 
  the counterargument though is that just because something was made up does n't mean it 's not real . 
  i hear ya . 
  we 're on alert against those god damn canucks too . 
  i live right next to this asshole 's district !, 
  you could argue it , but * should * you ? 
  i do n't know . 
  how would a modern nation-state , some of which have hundreds of millions of people , look to pre-historic homo-sapiens tribes ? 
  one could imagine what we have today would be similarly incomprehensible from a true `` tribalist '' perspective . 
  obviously any kind of internationalist ideal is centuries away , but just because it has n't existed before does n't mean it ca n't . 
   pinochet met with thatcher lol why does that not surprise me in the slightest, 
  let 's be honest russia and serbia would blow everyone else out of the water on that poll, 
  yeah i always tell people that the brutality of capitalism facilitates a multi-ethnic society really well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we do n't have a large population of refugees in the united states . 
  the ones we do along with the large number of immigrants do n't have much trouble integrating . 
  believe it or not we actually do n't have a population of radicalized young mexican people . 
  and people unfamiliar with the relative stability of the first couple years after the intervention and the measures that could 've been taken to prevent that from collapsing . 
  seriously the central government asked us for help in disarming the tribal militias but the obama administration wanted a clean break rather than a lengthy nation-building process . 
  one of the reasons why hillary left was because she knew the need for more aid to the un-backed government in libya but obama had moved on to syria . 
  that 's what happens when you have someone totally inexperienced and unprepared for the office : they are at the total mercy of their advisers . 
  dear / r/europe , today is kind of a shitty day for my country . 
  i want to thank you for you friendship of nato , and telling us how good your socialism is . 
  but seriously i am really glad that even though a lot of my own country is severely retarded there is a community here of tolerance and liberalism and progressiveness . 
  whatever bullshit damage that our new fool of a leader does to the trans-atlantic relationship , know that there are many of us willing to pick it right back up again in 4 or 8 years . 
  - a californian, 
  i 've been saying since brexit , shit if you do n't want to be in the eu we will be !, 
  california also already has the climate , grossly outsized pensions , and bureaucratic mismanagement of southern europe !, 
  * the gun is good !, 
  the penis is bad !, 
  seriously i thank god everyday for that lady working with us to sanction putin when half of western europe wants some rapprochement . 
  now we turn around and elect putin 's butt-buddy . 
  honestly i would 've been amazed if donny knew who juncker is . 
  woah usa 's not the worst at something in a comparison with other developed nations ? 
  we 're number 2 !, 
  we 're number 2 !, 
  we 're number 2 !, 
  the whole trump administration is truly genius . 
  they figured it out , did n't they ?
