  the ones in packages of 10 are overall more expensive than the ones in the packages of 15 . 
  this whole thing smells of bs . 
   i am confused . 
  are you talking about the fish fingers specifically now ? 
  the discussion is about groceries in general . 
  and if you do not like fast food that is fine , but why should n't other people like it ? 
  no , you are talking fish fingers because that is being compared . 
  if you want to talk groceries , then you will also have to compare price for things like eggs , butter and milk . 
  you ca n't simply pick fish fingers and extrapolate that and claim that this is all groceries . 
  fish fingers have been cited and that 's what we are talking about until other things are also quoted . 
  ok , what 's the vat on the things compared ? 
  are you comparing supermarket prices of discounter prices ? 
  what are the margins at the shop ? 
  and what other products are affected ? 
  how does local produce , let 's say eggs and milk compare ? 
  if those prices are higher then your supermarkets do n't put as much pressure on your local farmers as ours do . 
  to a ruinous extent , i might add . 
  what really throws me off is that laundry detergents are being cited . 
  you can only honestly compare those by amount washed and not by weight due to the amount of filler in it . 
  the filler also is n't in it to cheat you but to make it easier to get the dosage right without a pipette and may be adjusted to local habits . 
  i feel there is a lot of misinformation going around . 
  especially when detergents are cited and fish contents in fish fingers . 
  you know that the uk has the same fish amount in the same brand ? 
  also you will never get good value when you buy heavily advertised product . 
  i already did the math elsewhere . 
  the fish fingers you buy would amount to 14 $ per kg of fish . 
  at that price you can easily buy pure frozen cheap fish or possibly fresh local fish . 
  the whole argument is dumb . 
  let 's blame the eu for it , because that is very mature ? 
  free trade also means that you are free not to buy imported stuff and buy local . 
  that will be cheaper . 
  if you are poor , that 's even a better reason not to buy processed food . 
  especially if it is as heavily advertised as the iglo stuff . 
  that does add a lot on top of the price . 
  that 's doubly true when it comes to stuff like frozen pizza . 
  it is cheaper to buy read-made dough , slap tomato sauce ( which you canned yourself ) on it and grate cheap cheese over it . 
  i did just that myself yesterday . 
  a whole sheet of pizza did cost me 3 $ . 
  add price for your favorite toppings yourself . 
  a good frozen pizza will cost 3.5 $ and that 's nowhere as much . 
  in germany you can easily tell who is poor and who is n't by their shopping . 
  poor people tend to shop more ready-made food while the well-off cook themselves because they do the math . 
  that i do n't believe at all . 
  first of all it is hard to compare detergents across or maybe even within brands because they vary in how much filler they contain . 
  the same detergent may be more expensive by weight when sold as concentrate . 
  yet it still does the same amount of washing when dosaged correctly . 
  correctly being what the producer tells you to use . 
  if you want an honest comparison i am perfectly willing to trek to a discounter and compare prices when taking producer dosage into account . 
  my gut says this is a non-issue based on faulty math , bordering on the dishonest . 
  also the stuff compared seems to be pretty much cherry-picked and does n't necessarily indicate a wide-spread problem . 
  fish fingers and detergent . 
  i wonder how much of this new-found anti-eu agitation is directed from russia . 
  if this is a cost of living issue i 'd advise you take it up with your government . 
  that would be what they are for instead of blaming everything that goes wrong on the eu or the germans . 
  especially since all these prices are compared after vat and shop margins . 
  meanwhile i continue buying fresh mushrooms from poland because those cost a tenth over there . 
  especially chantarelles and steinpilze . 
  are we still talking fish fingers ? 
  that is garbage by definition . 
  have you tried frying fish yourself ? 
  takes as long and is in fact delicious . 
  and do n't compare prices by kg of product . 
  compare them by how many kg of laundry the producer tells you you can wash if you follow the instructions . 
  detergents contain filler so it is easier to control the dosage . 
  that 's even confusing when shopping for that in germany . 
  concentrate here , mega perls there ... they all do the same . 
  do the math once and stick to the brand . 
  and when it comes to cleaning , the chemistry is the same across brands . 
  despite what advertising tells you btw you can trust the dosage instructions of the producers . 
  people use far too much . 
  edit : the filler in detergents obviously are n't good for the environment , either . 
  shop and dosage smarter . 
  agreed !, 
  buy local produce and cook yourselves !, 
  cheaper and healthier . 
  they are due to the fat content in the breading . 
  you 'd be better off going to a chippie . 
  also , these fish fingers are far too expensive anywhere you go . 
  the numbers floated is 0.7 $ per 100g which contain about 50 % fish . 
  that 's 0.7 $ per 50g fish . 
  or 1.4 $ per 100g fish . 
  the fish is pollock . 
  a bag of 1kg frozen pollock does n't cost 14 $ . 
  what 's worse is that you get freshly killed trout at similar prices at a local fishery . 
  so either people forgot to cook or somebody is again agitating against germany . 
  and they use store prices after vat and store margin as well and do n't correct for that . 
  smells fishy . 
  is this fish finger thing really a big topic in czechia ? 
  because , you know , that 's junk food , best to be avoided entirely . 
  the issue is that you should buy local produce anyway . 
  who in his right mind buys processed food expecting any quality of any kind ? 
  iglo fish fingers are crap in any market . 
  if you want to compare prices , do so on eggs , milk , local butter , flour ... actual food . 
  if you pay more for that then your supermarkets are crap . 
  or better . 
  german supermarkets put so much pressure on the prices for things like that that german farmers are existing on the brink of bankruptcy . 
  which also is n't a good thing . 
  i 've been going on about this for some time . 
  when it comes to price comparison per fish content a trout from a local fishery will come much more cost effective , is as easily prepared ( shove spices and some butter into the fish , wrap it up in tin foil and shove that into the oven ) and actually delicious . 
  why does n't anybody buy local produce anymore ?
