  you can also get dry ( ish ) port . 
  i feel this goes rather well with red meat . 
  i would really consider port if the liver does n't come with onions and apples to supplement the palate . 
  i , too , am an amateur sommelier . 
  whenever i pour myself a glass of dornfelder i can immediately tell you that , yes , indeed , that 's the red one i just poured out of the bottle by smell , sight and memory alone !, 
  we may need to kidnap a census taker to settle this argument . 
  tell you what . 
  you bring a couple of census takers , i supplement amarone , port and barolo . 
  i do n't think we need to try the chianti . 
  the remaining question is ... is he orange ? 
  oh shit , he probably is , is n't he ? 
  the original orange with less dodgy hair . 
  he really is a one-trick pony ? 
  does n't that disqualify him from running a country ? 
  i mean , there are other things going on as well . 
  industry , for instance . 
  education . 
  surely you do n't automagically solve that by putting muslims on a bus and exiting the eu ? 
  has anybody ever tried mentioning to him that he is a silly bugger and might want to re-think ? 
  well , that 's just about true for any religion , is n't it ? 
  there is a difference between scripture , practice and mental flexibility . 
  islam for instance has a mandate that you need to perfect yourself before you can start to perfect the world . 
  some people think that not drinking alcohol , praying really loudly five times a day and dressing like they fell out of a history channel documentation would foot that bill . 
  that 's not , i feel , how that 's supposed to work . 
  then again , i am not a muslim . 
  or christian , or jew , or buddhist or hindu , or shinto , or animist , or ... my point is you can find a lot of fault in just about all religions . 
  either they all are a problem or it 's the problematic people who are the problem . 
  people are problematic in various ways and suddenly you have to deal with each individual separately . 
  which rather pulls the rug out under any blanket statement . 
  he needs to hate the players who play foul . 
  and even hate on such a systematic level becomes an ersatz-religion . 
  that could become a really nice circle-jerk . 
  so hate probably also ins ' t the best way to go about it . 
  i feel he is being rather silly . 
  ok , port ? 
  there is some nice and affordable port we could use as substitute . 
  lecter by the way happens to agree with me over that . 
  hanni and i had a nice laugh about they ruined it in that movie . 
  port . 
  the effects of smear campaigns could be witnessed in the last us election . 
  clinton got diffamed from all sides . 
  apart from the congressional investigations which resulted in exactly nothing there also was this online campaign that was quite effective . 
  had you noticed how a lot of people accused her of collusion with the dnc to push sanders out ? 
  based on wikileaked emails where she got support even before the primaries were officially over ? 
  people take that as gospel . 
  but there is only one problem . 
  sanders had no way , not even hypothetical , to get enough votes at that point and it was absolutely clear she was going to be the candidate . 
  subsequently the dnc immediately started to support her to get into the game . 
  this was n't even clandestine . 
  they were actually pissed enough of sanders that he continued campaigning even after he had already no way to win . 
  the rumor that the dnc unfairly supported her started at the alt-right , got picked up by the sanders online camp and quite possibly cost her a lot of sympathy . 
  the amount of sanders supporters who seamlessly switched over to the trump camp is flabberghasting . 
  and this is exactly the reason they gave . 
  this crooked hilary tale has a lot of facets . 
  most of them based on smear . 
  some of it ongoing for the last 10-20 years . 
  but this particular example is interesting since we now can put a time-line on it and trace , how it propagated through the internet . 
  polsci students will analyze this for decades to come . 
  ideas like that need mass to catch on . 
  multipliers . 
  armies of re-tweeters , redditors , facebook-shitposters so they can catch on and that 's where money comes in . 
  the integrity of democracy hinges on everybody voting in their own best interest , knowing what their best interest is and knowing who represents said interests . 
  when it comes to politicians , they usually have a good track record when it comes to campaign promises . 
  most of them are at least attempted . 
  it 's not as such bribery we should be worried about . 
  it is muddying the water . 
  fake news and rumor are the worst when it comes to that . 
  also do n't worry . 
  i come over as very us-american since that 's where i lived for quite a bit of my life . 
  how avantgarde of him . 
  so he is a militant atheist ? 
  hang on !, 
  is n't that the wrong wine ? 
  you do n't have liver and beans with chianti !, 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  have you suddenly become american ? 
  what 's wrong with amarone della valpolicella ? 
  do n't you have that in italy ? 
  it also is in german . 
  does each state have one ? 
  there 's one even in maryland !, 
  huh . 
  til . 
  oh god , i had forgotten that one !, 
  same is true here in germany . 
  this confrontational style of advertising of the us is quite a foreign concept . 
  it was illegal until the 90ies . 
  people tried it and it caused distaste and was n't tried again . 
  political advertising is also quite limited and 3rd party superpac-style advertisements unheard of . 
  but that was the old world . 
  in this reality , lots of money buys you astroturfing and smear campaigns on facebook and other places . 
  it is quite possible that legislation will have come into it . 
  national borders are n't what they used to be , eh ? 
  we are more in it together than we ever used to be . 
  on a political and personal level . 
  what this defamatory advertising probably does is entrench pre-existing ideas . 
  this may get to a point that the different parties are not able to cooperate anymore . 
  and just about every european nation ( even the brits ) needs coalitions to form a government . 
  edit : a question out of curiosity . 
  have you noticed ads for questionnaires by `` isidewith.org '' on national websites popping up ?
