  how about we compare prices on actual food . 
  you know , flour , eggs , milk , butter ... the stuff you use when you actually cook . 
  not the overpriced pre-processed food which is also eaten in germany by people who do n't do the math and do n't know they are better off by cooking themselves . 
  when was the last time you bought local produce . 
  things that went moo in the czech republic . 
  things that still have czech soil clinging to its roots ? 
  things which have n't been transported a thousand kilometers until they end up on your table ? 
  things which have n't got advertising cost added ? 
  i wager that when it comes to pound per pound comparison of meat content a trout from a local fishery would be much more cost effective and also a lot more delicious than processed fish products . 
  which one is more valuable ? 
  a home-made dumpling or one bought at a higher price from pfanni ? 
  i cook thrice a week with local produce and can things myself ( which btw is very easy ) and i not only eat better but also cheaper . 
  processed food is an abomination and people wo n't starve if they do n't eat fish fingers . 
  can i just point out that fish sticks are junk food and that you probably are better off pound-by-pound when you simply buy a trout from a local fishery ? 
  that 's what i do . 
  that 's what the rich germans do . 
  you can tell who is better off by simply looking into people 's shopping carts . 
  when i shop at lidl , those who are obviously not very wealthy will have processed food , alcohol and sweets . 
  whereas those who are richer have flour , eggs , sugar and obviously cook themselves and save money doing so and live healthier by doing so . 
  try to feed yourself on 4 $ a day and you will find you ca n't do that without cooking yourself . 
  you lot are barking up the wrong tree . 
  if food is more expensive in the eastern eu states then it is because you do n't buy local produce and do n't know how to cook . 
  that 's exactly what they did . 
  the fact alone that they compare washing detergent packages by the pound is less than honest . 
  they need to compare them by how many kg of dirty laundry you can wash with a package . 
  detergent contain a lot of filler . 
  also they are comparing shop prices after vat and margins . 
  which is also less than honest . 
  the whole thing is just another non-issue pushed by right-wing anti-eu agendas . 
  if prices are too high , pressure the shops and the government that set the prices/vat . 
  if i went to kaiser 's and bought my stuff there it would cost more than if i went to lidl . 
  seems like the supermarkets sell at higher prices . 
  the fish finger thing is doubly egregious since it turns out that the uk ones contain just as much fish . 
  and smart people do n't buy those either . 
  comparing detergents is actually not easy . 
  they vary a lot depending on how much filler they have . 
  if you want to compare them then you have to compare them by washing machine loads . 
  and that is assuming they all use the same definition for that . 
  buying detergents can be very confusing . 
  also they compare store prices . 
  after vat and shop margins . 
  looks fishy . 
  that is common knowledge . 
  aldi does that a lot . 
  i may be biased ( or traumatized ) but i really do n't like buying processed food . 
  i blame louis de fun\u00e8s . 
  i have also found that depending on what i want to eat cooking from scratch with local produce is much cheaper . 
  also who the fuck buys ready-made pancake batter ? 
  that to me is a key indicator that people ca n't cook the simplest things . 
  buy local produce and cook yourself . 
  that 's what i do and it is cheaper than eating processed junk food . 
  the fish i eat has been pulled out of a fishery a couple of kilometers away and is sold by the guy who harvested it . 
  less middle-men , lower price , higher quality . 
  and i also do n't pay for the iglo advertisements . 
  edit : same goes for pizza . 
  i do n't buy the supermarket pizza . 
  i buy ready-made dough and top that with my own canned tomato sauce and cheese i grated myself . 
  a whole sheet tray of that stuff costs me about 3 $ . 
  why do you starve if you do n't have fast-food available ? 
  i never buy that processed crap . 
  how much of the higher prices is by your supermarkets taking a higher sales margin ? 
  what 's the difference in vat ? 
  you are aware that the uk has just as much fish in their stuff ? 
  also , why do you even buy that crap ? 
  it 's fast food . 
  you are better off by cooking yourself with regional products . 
  that 's what the rich germans do . 
  do you think a millionaire would each fish sticks ? 
  so , these are the shop prices ? 
  after the shops have added their sales margin ? 
  and vat has been added ? 
  i follow the instructions of the manufacturer to a tee . 
  laboratories have tested that ( depending on the water , of course ) those are actually quite accurate . 
  it is also best to buy the concentrated stuff because the filler in the conventional stuff is also harmful to the environment . 
  you ca n't compare washing powders pound for pound . 
  also , persil is overpriced . 
  well , the thrill is gone once hardware failure just means another trip to the shops . 
  it 's as if the milk had gone off . 
  there goes the 1070 . 
  i 'm off to the shops . 
  shall i bring you something , dear ? 
  i 've found a sure-fire way not to bleed again ( apart from buying lian li ) . 
  i am avoiding blood-letting with ... a man . 
  seriously , having it built to my specs did cost me 50 $ more and it saved me enough head-ache . 
  no way i 'm going to build it up from scratch . 
  is that like the salmon launcher i saw on youtube ? 
  compared to that , a lobster launcher could mark the start of a new arms race . 
  begun the seafood wars have . 
  they are overrolling us on barels of staropramen !, 
  poland !, 
  send ko\u017clak plx !, 
  since i have now regressed to my teenage self ( many , many moons ago ) i shall counter your argument with ** awkward silence !, 
  ** ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ very ^ ^ ^ ^ effective !, 
  looool !, 
  i had a 386-40mhz . 
  d for big dick . 
  my 9 needle printer was a star lc 10 . 
  no worship for you !, 
  i put glitter on my shoe box . 
  for xtreme 1337ness .
