  cheese is about the same . 
  if it is plastic-wrapped , it is crap . 
  or worse : supermarket gouda . 
  tl ; dr : my base assumption is that if it is sold at a supermarket , it 's going to be bad anyways . 
  no matter the brand . 
  no nutella on pizza . 
  it would clash with the pineapple . 
  here 's the thing : you can safely combine the two . 
  noodles and nutella work amazingly well . 
  noodles and cinnamon/sugar , too . 
  honestly , my discounter has two different brands of potato puree ( which btw is almost as good as making it yourself ... one of the few packaged processed foods that works ) . 
  one being twice as expensive as the other . 
  i prefer the cheaper one since i will spice it anyways . 
  and do n't ask me to tell the difference between two different brands of milk . 
  in many cases you just might as well sell the same stuff at two different price points distinguished only by packaging ( and marketing expenses ) . 
  i once got lost in switzerland . 
  turns out i drove through liechtenstein without noticing . 
  i 'm not the only one . 
  a swiss colleague once told me how they were on some kind of swiss army maneuver and accidentally drove all their tanks through liechtenstein . 
  you can conquer and lose whole countries in europe without noticing . 
  ... in which case , do n't tell your history teacher about germany . 
  you 've got ta plan ahead to survive . 
  if you do n't , you wo n't . 
  that changed during the late 80ies , early 90ies . 
  there was a great documentary on the albrecht brothers and iirc they had mentioned specifically that . 
  i think it was [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1rlepdhm9o ) . 
  it 's quite fascinating . 
  at the end of the 90ies cooking with aldi stuff actually became the new chiq in germany . 
  with special cook-books and all . 
  i did n't understand the fad at the time . 
  my mother shopped aldi and used her mom 's recipes . 
  but what aldi taught me was that brands do n't matter if you ca n't tell the difference . 
  saves a lot of money . 
  brands seem to waste a lot on marketing . 
  i do n't like ads and am quite unwilling to neither watch nor finance them . 
   chainsaw sharpeners no kidding . 
  they sometimes have the oddest specials . 
  i remember the frenzy when they first sold medion computers in germany . 
  people bought those as if they would go out of style . 
  well , nusspli/nutoka/nutella is one of the few things that i can distinguish by brand . 
  noodles not so much . 
  but i happily go out of my way to get nutella . 
  i was raised on nusspli/nutoka and now that i earn my own money i refuse to go back to these dark , dark times . 
  i honestly do n't understand , why we need multiple brand versions of the same stuff ? 
  if space is at a premium i 'd prefer one brand but higher diversity . 
  i realized that at a small migros in switzerland . 
  they did n't have the same item in umpteen iterations of different brands . 
  but what they had was souchon oolong instead of 5 different brands of peppermint tea . 
  i honestly prefer it this way . 
  except , of course , swiss pricing . 
  i honestly could n't tell you the difference between barilla spaghetti and no-name spaghetti . 
  i do n't need both at my shop and will go with the cheaper option if i do n't understand what the more expensive brand has to offer . 
   i have no idea what you are talking about the apprenticeship stuff . 
  there are more open offers than jobless young adults . 
  if they dont like the open jobs or the employer dot like people who are stupid as bread that is a completly different issue . 
  the problem i have is the way exactly those figures are derived . 
  in fact , bremen is changing their way to represent these figures for exactly the same reasons . 
  statistics are only a model . 
  a tool used for policy making . 
  they only need to be fit for that purpose . 
  bremen now has acknowledged that at least in this case they needed to change it . 
   and also that someone that barely got his quali might have trouble to find an apprenticeship seems not that far fetched . 
  yes , that also strikes me as odd . 
  it does n't seem right they get their quali and still do n't pass muster afterwards . 
  would n't it be better if they stayed in school a bit longer ? 
  well , my narrative is that my income is quite a lot more than the average . 
  so it stands to reason that there are also a lot of incomes which are far lower . 
  you can have a 40hr/week job and just nearly get by . 
  and that 's what those averages wo n't tell you . 
  yeah , but kids who do a social year ( which , btw , is a fantastic idea ) because they do n't get an apprenticeship would beg to differ . 
  also it is best to base policy-making on real figures . 
  and if the figures say that a lot more apprenticeships would be a good idea , then , well , that would be a good idea . 
  of course there will always be unfilled spots and unsuccessful applicants . 
  but the communicated figures paint a picture which is too far removed from reality to be useful . 
  up until i read about it i assumed they were correct and that there 's lots more open spots than applicants . 
  as a distraction , the communicated figures do their job . 
  well , i read too many books . 
  not an immortal vampire after all . 
  i still would use google translate . 
  just to be sure . 
  at least , chrome always suggests i should use it . 
  it 's actually `` pass muster '' . 
  turns out that the kids get tested . 
  if they pass some sort of aptitude test , they get a recommendation . 
  and only those getting a recommendation are counted in the statistics . 
  fuck the rest . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/lebenundlernen/schule/ausbildung-warum-die-statistik-zu-lehrstellen-in-die-irre-fuehrt-a-1148259.html i hope that google can help you with the translation . 
  edit : til i use a phrase that originates from the 1500s . 
  have the suspicion i might be an immortal vampire . 
  the problem with averages like that is that outliers spoil the numbers . 
  there is a huge spread when it comes to income even if you only are a working stiff . 
  that 's a payout of about 1000 $ . 
  it 's not easy to pay rent and live on that and possibly save up . 
  depending of course where you were in germany . 
  especially the german one . 
  for example there is this ludicrous claim that here are more apprenticeships than takers to be had in germany . 
  that is patently false since they only factor in young persons who pass muster . 
  if they used everybody who is seeking an apprenticeship then there would be a shortage . 
  underemployment is factored out of the statistics as well . 
  these numbers mean nothing .
