  when i go to the supermarket the people standing in line reflect that . 
  so to the untutored eye this would indeed look like a turkish neighborhood , but it is n't . 
  this also is a well-known phenomenon . 
  when i read the news it did n't mention the cultural background of the perpetrators . 
  it did n't have to . 
  a lot of people have cited things like this as a reason why they emmigrated to israel these past years . 
  this also happened for example in france . 
  but it is a much bigger issue for germans . 
  at this moment there is a huge discussion concerning dual-citizenship going on . 
  people now push towards a decision . 
  be german or do n't . 
  i would expect a huge reaction to the sum of all the recent bs from these specific muslim issues which are absolutely not in line with german values . 
  i can just hope that this does n't get conflated to all muslims are antisemites . 
  we are talking about a problem festering in a subset of our muslim citizens . 
  if people decide that islam is the problem and continue not to do anything about specific cultural problems then we will again get nothing done . 
  this is another case where the state has to actively interfere in the upbringing of children to solve such a problem.this is something which is not popular with a lot of center-right parties in germany . 
  the school also failed spectacularly . 
  / r/askreddit has just been declared a nation , george takei seems to run for office , erdogan exists ... yeah , i do n't know either . 
  i am off the internet for the rest of the day . 
  this has just become too confusing . 
  it 's nice outside and my garden suddenly is much more appealing . 
  that seems to be the latest thing . 
  is it just me or has the number of countries with immature leaders increased ? 
  is that the latest thing ? 
  somebody inform frau may and ms merkel that they need to do this as well . 
  shit has just become retarded . 
  or a little bit of both ? 
  i do n't see what would be wrong with that . 
  so far while it has n't worked perfectly , it has worked . 
  you are probably right . 
  at the moment i am a little bit spooked . 
  my point exactly . 
  shitposting is one thing . 
  making fun of the politicians who lied and falsified their way through this is all right and proper . 
  shitposting about somebody with a fitting flair is another . 
  perhaps i 'm just a bit thin-skinned . 
  this gibraltar thing got me a bit spooked even if that has been going on for ages . 
  let 's just hope this is not a sign of the things to come . 
  of course it is emotional . 
  the whole thing was built on emotion . 
  rationally it is a huge step into the unknown . 
  half of the people directly affected feel it is an unecessary step into the unkown . 
  whoever made this video makes fun of all the players who stumbled through the whole ordeal . 
  i absolutely fail to see your point . 
  this is masterfully put together and probably is quite therapeutic . 
  and also quite funny . 
  but can i just point out one thing ? 
  the majority of the directly affected redditors from the uk are probably having their hearts broken . 
  it is rather likely that they would have rather remained . 
  could we please tune down the piss-taking just a little bit ? 
  i have no doubt brexit wo n't be the end of the world for either side . 
  but the next two years will be brutal . 
  as an english language it represents neither english nor language . 
  well done . 
  yeah , but , no , but , yeah , but , no but ... omg that is sooo totally unfair because i never voted for brexit except once and we had meth for lunch that day because shelly is a bitch . 
  i feel cockney does n't qualify as english . 
  or as a human language . 
  that 'd be the vatican you godless swine !, 
  ** maek europe great again ** # #mega i feel we are onto something . 
  edit : we should n't print that on trucker hats , tho . 
  we shall print that on condoms . 
  because we have the french . 
  ... if you still have an elsevier subscription , that is . 
  can i just add `` fuck elsevier '' ? 
  i think the boycott against them is strongest in germany ? 
  acabo de utilizar google translate . 
  d'accord !, 
  jestem karl friedrich hohenzollern i mam google translate . 
  she 's some kind of greek tit-goddess from mount facebook ? 
  ok , here we go . 
  last time they were checked and i was paying attention they were fund not to use proper olive oil , cheese , basil or pine nuts in their pesto genovese . 
  apart from that they seemed to be fine :d that must 've been 5 years or so ago . 
  that 's actually plausible . 
  i 'm not sure about the genitive . 
  but i feel it could be worked into a meme . 
  could somebody who actually speaks the language please lend me a hand ? 
  epic rant incoming . 
  yesterday i watched some jackass being a genuine , bona-fide asshole . 
  this guy presented his own take on an anti-refugee measure . 
  he claimed the us had far too good pr which is why the world wants to go there . 
  so he goes to the usual run-down places . 
  ... and ends up in flint . 
  there he interviews a desperate woman who tells how they were left alone with the water and how crime is on the rise . 
  ... and this jackass asks her how effectvie she feels this was as an anti-refugee measure . 
  the look on her face made me cringe and switch away and take a vow to ignore that bastard from here now on . 
  what a jerk . 
  he did find a no-go area . 
  if he ever shows his mug again over there , he is going to be lynched . 
  rightfully so . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  people use the so-called no-go areas to further their own agenda and forget there 's people living there making the best of their lives . 
  no need to point fingers at them . 
  yep . 
  and now all our froggos are poofters . 
  as the sweaty , angry bloke predicted . 
  i shall submit to any punishment befitting the crime with dignity . 
  twenty lashes on the exposed glans are customary , i presume ? 
  ... and so the piss-taking wars begun , they have . 
  edit : farsi uses more dots . 
  and you might be in trouble if you spoke arab where farsi is spoken .
