  edit : here 's my thing . 
  tea and coffee are tremendously expensive . 
  anybody who sells you that for less than 15 $ per pound will be cutting corners . 
  especially when it comes to ground coffee . 
  there will be stuff in that like shells , bad beans , bad anything badly roasted . 
  and if somebody hides their product in tea bags instead of selling it openly , that does n't inspire too much confidence , does it ? 
  so is you buy cheap tea and cheap coffee , go for the no-brand stuff . 
  it 's as good ( or bad ) at half the cost . 
  german\u0103, 
  ~ ~ ** remove that apostrophe ** or i will have your nads for punching practice ! ~ ~ apostrophe has been remov 'd . 
  we barely knew it . 
  also , there are voices that the eu will be better off without the uk . 
  do n't know what to do with that , to be honest . 
  this side of the channel there is no ongoing panic . 
  just a mild sense of bemusement and indignation . 
  but that could also have been caused by yet another delivery of garlic \u00e9clairs by france . 
  and what about the * keeping their cake and eating it * plan ? 
  is that out of the window as well ? 
  i am not wholly convinced this sentiment is shared by his compatriots . 
  the boris could use a diet , tho . 
  perhaps he should be volunteered for starvation . 
  let us put it to a vote . 
  ** should boris johnson volunteer for freedom in starvation ? 
  on topic and in quality . 
  it 's a 9/11 , is n't it ? 
  omg boobs !, 
  let the witless stammering begin . 
  at least they put the seat down . 
  good boy !, 
  do n't touch my hollies !, 
  they are full of badgers !, 
  oh come on . 
  we would piss on him if he were on fire . 
  he is a human being after all . 
  in fact , let 's not even wait until he goes up in flames . 
  same here . 
  i usually buy the stuff on the lower shelves because i ca n't tell the difference from the other stuff . 
  except for packaging . 
  only thing i insist on is nutella . 
  my childhood had been one nusspli infested hell and i wo n't go back there !, 
  well , since iglo is unilever , which is constantly under investigation , here 's a list of their [ brands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_unilever_brands ) . 
  all of which are practically on my avoid list . 
  it 's a list of horrors in itself . 
  they produce nothing of value . 
  they are always in trouble . 
  so much that they could justify an office in brussels populated solely by lawyers . 
  it may not be across the board , but i would n't put it past unilever ( iglo ) to pull off stunts like that . 
  they are in constant trouble with the eu and it is best not to buy their stuff anyway . 
  the persil thing could be explained away by them finding out that people in those markets do n't follow the instructions and use too much detergent . 
  if that were the argument then i 'd tell them to fuck off and that it is n't up to them and that they should put the dosage clearer on the package . 
  have you ever heard of tulip luncheon meat ? 
  is that one of those cans of barely-edible stuff that looks like second-rate dog food ? 
  i 'm not sure it has to . 
  it seems like there is a list of brands making the rounds and that the institute did n't see a systematic issue beyond these brands . 
  so i 'd suggest to boycott unilever ( they are iglo and a couple of other unhealthy overpriced crap ) and advise against buying persil anyway since they are overpriced due to advertisement costs . 
  henkel is n't on my boycott list due to ethical malpractice ( they are generally ok ) but due to price . 
  if you need help finding out what belongs to what company , you could use something like this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.buycott.android, 
  now we are talking . 
  it seems like specific brands sell bad product and you now know what not to buy . 
  first of all , persil is overpriced . 
  do n't buy . 
  secondly , iglo is unilever . 
  i would n't put crappy behavior past them . 
  you now have a nice little list of things you can boycott . 
  i 've been trying * to do that for the past 20 years . 
  henkel produces persil and has been investigated in the past by the eu for price-fixing . 
  i think they got off the hook because they helped the eu to catch everybody else . 
  henkel is something i generally do n't boycott since they tend to be on the moral side of things . 
  but i do n't buy their stuff since it is too expensive and there are cheaper options available . 
  add nestl\u00e9 to that boycott list as well because fuck them . 
  there are apps for that . 
  you can scan the bar-codes and they will tell you who is behind that brand . 
  * trying only because i do n't know who actually produces the off-brand stuff i buy . 
  also : tulip luncheon meat . 
  never heard of them . 
  sounds ghastly . 
  buy off-brand . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference between branded and off-brand , go off-brand . 
  it 's cheaper because there is no advertising slapped on top of the production costs . 
  that 's why aldi is actually good at a low price . 
  good or at least ok quality , very good price . 
  edit : also : do n't buy processed food . 
  that 's going to be a rip-off any which way you turn it . 
  and do n't get me started on nutella . 
  they use so many different recipes it really boggles the mind . 
  i want to buy the italian one in germany , goddamit !, 
  second edit : unilever now owns reddit darling dollar shave club . 
  that is now in the same league as axe/lynx . 
  but surely it was an investment into the local economy which will pay off ? 
  that is quite exquisite !, 
  the modern architecture juxtaposed to a traditional building . 
  it signifies the flow of time and how everything eventually will go to shit . 
  a masterpiece of architecture taking the piss . 
   these trains need some good germoney investment we ca n't even keep our own trains on time or on track . 
  we also need good germoney . 
  if this is indeed a wide-spread issue and the brands are damaged by this agitation then they might as well pull out of these markets . 
  but i really have a gut-feeling these discussions are not being held in good faith . 
  for instance in the linked image that guy is holding up two different packages of fish sticks ( again , those , because they are the example given ) . 
  one contains 15 , the other one contains 11 . 
  the same brand of fish sticks is sold in germany in packages of 10 and 15 .
