  or me being weird and stupid . 
  there 's always that possibility . 
  no fair !, 
  that 's finnish !, 
  that 's metal as fuck by definition !, 
  mozart once played organ there , so ... nah . 
  that 's just reaching ... 
  constant scaffolding is kinda sorta a given for these buildings . 
  the ulmer m\u00fcnster has three steeples . 
  one of which is scaffolded most of the time . 
  and the body . 
  in fact , keeping it in shape is a job that 's never finished . 
  i blame the wildpinkler . 
  are you sure it is n't in silent hill ? 
  ummm . 
  is n't that reason enough to get rid of the president ? 
  that kind of interference would lead to a major constitutional crisis in germany . 
  it rather smells of farty towels . 
  i am indeed surprised . 
  i had fully expected them to be german . 
  ... and it is protestant . 
  which probably is one of the reasons for the lack of bishops . 
  most of them tend to be rather catholic . 
  edit : til there are lutheran bishops . 
  seriously , this whole christianity thing is too confusing . 
  it will never catch on . 
  i will now go to the nearest rune stone and have a little chat with odin about this new fad . 
  he also thinks those churches are simply overdoing it . 
  a stone , a tree , perhaps even a henge ( wood or stone ) are quite sufficient . 
  it 's cool how the steeple sticks out of the clouds whenever ulm is being covered in fog . 
  i made a couple of nice photos while i lived there . 
  if there is fog , drive up one of the hills michelsberg , eselsberg , they all work . 
  edit : what 's even cooler is that they seem to be open to secular events happening in there . 
  back in the 90ies they showed fritz lang 's `` der m\u00fcde tod '' with organ music . 
  is this an inglorious basterds 3-finger moment nobody else would have spotted ? 
  it 's not a story / r/europe would tell you . 
  it 's a / r/superbowl legend . 
  the european union builds br\u00fcckentage across nations . 
  orange is by now pitied . 
  edit : at this point we shold try to make orange great again . 
  disassociate it from men with weird hats walking around in northern ireland . 
  have the elftal win a couple of championships ( or at least qualify ) . 
  and teach the orange utan how to form sentences . 
  # #moga !, 
  i also am torn between those two . 
  honestly i feel that 75 % agreement on specific policies is a good reason to vote for a party . 
  then of course there 's the question if you think they can pull it off . 
  die linke fails that check . 
  have you taken one of those us tests ? 
  they are horrible . 
  they do n't check on specific policies but pure ideology . 
  those are 50 shades of fucked up . 
  foiled again !, 
  and keeps the sandals & shorts & socks industry in business . 
  good thinking !, 
  so he got executed . 
  and the wife ? 
  to shreds , you say . 
  like that darth vader shadow cast by young anakin ? 
  it would be very fitting since neither would have been very surprising if one was paying attention . 
  i will be able to muster the strength to feel any sympathy real soon now . 
  any minute now . 
  wait for it ... nope , not coming . 
  i feel sweden could recoup any potential lost investments by exporting those sweet , delicious tears . 
  so ... does their income become taxed like my salary is ? 
  who is responsible for this travesty ? 
  how was it accomplished ? 
  would something like that work in germany ? 
  a couple of questions : who was responsible and how many years in prison did they get ? 
  this is your raiffeisen . 
  there are many like it , but this one is yours . 
  your raiffeisen is your best friend . 
  it is your life . 
  you must master it as you must master your life . 
  raiffeisen is not a company name . 
  it is named after a guy called raiffeisen who advocated cooperational banks . 
  sorry , i slept through that part of school and only woke up for the game of thrones sex & violence bits of history class . 
  am i complaining about you complaining about me not paying attention ? 
  we will have to be careful because we might get ** complainception !, 
  ** i 'm sure the french complain a lot . 
  but they do so with style . 
  say ... those could be titles for great chansons . 
  i will secure the rights . 
  brb . 
  ... that also is a thing in germany . 
  austria has them as well ? 
  if they were n't so austrian we would be very compatible . 
  is there some kind of tinder for countries ? 
  i ca n't risk turning orange . 
  the netherlands might qualify for something soccer related and i would get beaten up on the streets of germany . 
  meanwhile in germany , companies of a certain size are required to have worker 's councils ... walmart would n't play ball and elon musk is learning the hard way that the honor of working for him is n't hard currency . 
  i get harrassed if i do n't take my vacation time by march of the following year . 
  turns out , i am obligated to go on vacation . 
  the pressure is killing me . 
  they love you lot and wished you were a bit more ... um , what 's the word ... ah , yes , there it is : relevant sorry , english is not my first language and i had no irishman close by to help me with the translation . 
  in all seriousness , this whole eu27 thing is becoming a bit silly and i wished the whole stupid brexit process could be a bit more constructive . 
  and what 's it with this talk about exit bills ? 
  people were much more concerned with cornish pastries . 
  i had never heard of exit bills before one was presented ? 
  has anybody even planned this brexit thing before there was a referendum on it ?
