  i have very little trust in me when it comes to highly processed food . 
  especially after doing the math . 
  i 've seen ready-meals . 
  purportedly venison , sauce , sp\u00e4tzle and red cabbage . 
  they charge nearly 5 $ for that . 
  i was wondering , how they could sell it at that price . 
  turns out that it contains 50g of mystery meat , cheap sauce and soggy something . 
  deep frozen pizza probably does n't contain cheese but a cheese equivalent . 
  and god only knows what ends up in fish patties . 
  i 've found that by cooking myself i most often save money and also know the ingredients . 
  boycotting unilever and nestl\u00e9 then comes easy . 
  all hopes dashed ever which way !, 
  yeah , the thing is , that stuff is marketed and priced as a premium product . 
  i 've taken some stink when i pointed out that it was in fact junk food . 
  all the food stuffs tested were highly processed . 
  it is pretty easy to mess with that . 
  even tea bags are wide open to shenanigans . 
  nobody ever opens them up and if you do , even the expensive brands will contain a depressingly high content of stems . 
  well , they use pollock . 
  that 's hardly found in lakes and not in that quantity . 
  i do n't even want to know how much fish sticks of trout or karp would cost . 
  i hardly eat nutella . 
  but i always keep a glass at home . 
  i could also make my own . 
  i think the italian version has more nuts in it . 
  the german one is a bit too sweet for my tastes . 
  a lot of those brands belong to unilever and nestl\u00e9 . 
  just saying . 
  i find their stuff overpriced and over-advertised . 
  they are mostly easily avoided . 
  and also , fuck nestl\u00e9 . 
  there could be an argument made in favor of the eu regulating all this stuff , but frankly , i think a boycott is the best way to go . 
  there also is a case to be made about the amount of detergent being used depending on the local water and habits . 
  but that 's not for the producer to make . 
  leaving instructions to use less if your water is less hard is the better way to go . 
  nutella is an entirely different beast . 
  i want the italian version , dagnabbit !, 
  why does it have to taste differently from country to country ? 
  is that again a product of market research ? 
  well , i 've never been asked . 
  good grief . 
  of course there is a law . 
  i 'm sticking to my unilever boycott , tho . 
  most of their brands are crap , they are shady as fuck and they are far too intransparent . 
  i 'm sure they are shaking in their boots . 
  well , pee is already being used as an additive to fuel to increase efficiency , so ... 
  ad blue is processed from pee . 
  might be artificial pee , tho . 
  i 'm much more afraid of a national political split along the brexit-vote lines . 
  as a nation the uk might become as divided as the us currently is . 
  that 's good . 
  because if your frog were gay you would have to buy alex jones ' water purification systems . 
  and that 's quite expensive . 
  welcome to reddit :d, 
  i used to like glen deveron . 
  but that got bought up by the yanks or the fucking germans and shut down . 
  edit : omg red alert !, 
  danger !, 
  tilt !, 
  was n't there a threat to raise import taxes for the american stuff because trump will do sou with our steel ? 
  could it be that we got stuck with the canadian and japanese stuff ? 
  we better not piss off those as well . 
  that we are . 
  gosh , i really hope this does n't go south . 
  her mayness had this plan to copy-paste eu law into national law and change as she sees fit after this whole mess is done . 
  unless i understood that one wrong . 
  sounds both lazy and dodgy . 
  i 'm much more worried the uk may split over this . 
  the comedy of horrors has n't even started yet and this will be a painful ride . 
  ok , i only understand some romanian . 
  but not as much as i can speak it . 
  here , let me try . 
  i may mess up the squiggly things on the characters , tho . 
  i hope that does n't alter the meaning too much . 
  there has been talks about a core-eu with broader agreements . 
  the uk always was against something like that . 
  but , honestly , living without the uk will be tough . 
  i 'm so used to their products and i will really , really miss them . 
  even if i ca n't name a single one of them . 
  but they will be missed . 
  of these [ nutella ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/nutella-imported-vs-domestic-is-there-a-difference/2014/05/30/3fe79e68-e5bb-11e3-8f90-73e071f3d637_story.html?utm_term=.f7772af6e04b ) is interesting . 
  that famously has different recipies all over europe . 
  the best one you will get from italy . 
  good luck getting that , you will have to import it . 
  as for the rest : that 's all nestl\u00e9 and unilever . 
  boycott those . 
  i 've been doing it for decades and so should you . 
  what 's silly is that there is the standing claim that it is impossible to boycott that list of crap . 
  somebody in here said that that were a matter of starvation . 
  it is not . 
  activia yogurt is a scam dr. oetker pizza ( and all other frozen pizza ) is not worth the money and easily made yourself with the same time commitment if you buy ready-made dough . 
  jacobs coffee is mostly roasted and shredded twigs if you open a teekanne tea bag you will find nothing that remotely classifies as tea . 
  mostly twigs and rat droppings . 
  lenor and persil are overpriced nesquik is an abomination with a cacao content that does n't qualify as anything chocolate nutella is different all over europe . 
  they should n't compare it to the second-rate german version but to the italian version . 
  i am all for a boycott off this list of crap . 
  but going so far that the eastern eu states ca n't buy anything good is ludicrous . 
  nothing on that list ( apart from nutella ) is any good . 
  buy local . 
  in fact i 'm always looking forward to polish candy .
