  i 'm afraid , tweet-sized critique ( not even as much ; more like a regurgitated slogan under the guise of an informed opinion ) of this phenomenon is n't quite good enough . 
  that , too . 
  i find op-eds in the grauniad clearly marked . 
  it 's got the face of the author and their background right there at the start . 
  also a couple of sentences in you can always tell if this is an op-ed or a factual report . 
  20 ( ok , 30 ) years ago back in school i got taught the various types of texts published in newspapers and how to distinguish them . 
  i gather this has been cut out of the curriculum ? 
  to me this is functional illiteracy . 
  when people ca n't distinguish between statement of fact and statement of opinion then they are truly fucked and easily manipulated . 
  eta i know that calling it the grauniad is unfair and so 1980ies . 
  last year i had a subscription of the grauniad sent to my kindle . 
  they must have sent the texts to the servers before proof-reading . 
  the kindle edition was riddled with fucked-up spelling . 
  it still is one of the best publications out there . 
  i just replied to somebody who complained that the grauniad reports more negative stuff about trump than they did on obama . 
  words fail me . 
  at this rate we will be living an idiocracy world with no upside . 
  at least they recognized smart people . 
  ummm . 
  the problem here is that trump has a lot more bs to report about . 
  these past few weeks he has done enough to fill the papers for ages . 
  obama otoh not so much . 
  if your idea of fair and balanced is to dig deeper to find superficial muck on one guy to make up for the dung heap the other guy has amassed then you are delusional . 
  you do n't report on the library late fees of a teacher to balance out the latest scam of al capone . 
  so , in 2017 there is no more difference between * objectively sloppy reporting * and * this counters my world-view * ? 
  can we at least laugh at the people who mix those two up ? 
  i mean , it stands to reason you ca n't talk with them but some social interaction would be common courtesy . 
  huffington is at times iffy . 
  but the grauniad is one of the better publications out there . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  because the netherlands still are united . 
  just you wait !, 
  the first to seceede will be the brummies , followed by the scouse . 
  and the cornish are also edging away . 
  i 'm predicting a rump-uk with only wales , scotland and london in it !, 
  sir thomas bouch has a lot to answer for !, 
  they do n't fly , either . 
  your \u00c4rgernisenten are fucking met\u00e4l . 
  oooops . 
  i may have confused the tay bridge disaster and the foundation of the german empire . 
  again . 
  which one of those happened in versailles ? 
  be careful !, 
  those take your head clean off !, 
  guardian/der spiegel/zeit a couple of months after the referendum . 
  that was one of the first things speculated about . 
  the treaties are with the uk . 
  if scotland secedes , they do n't inherit the treaties . 
  but i would n't be surprised if they could n't make trade deals and join schengen . 
  full-fledged euro member will take time . 
  at this point , brexit is n't a done deal . 
  i believe it still needs to pass parliament ... 
  germany before 1879 was fucking confusing . 
  it just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ? 
  and those fuckers are delicious . 
  no pickled gherkin has the right to be as delicious . 
  yeah , but legal structures are much less fun than pointless speculation and it is 2017 , you know ? 
  syria was such a developed nation ( if you kept your head down ) . 
  at least near the coast , that is . 
  i remember when this new assad came into power . 
  everybody was hopeful he was n't a shit-head because he was european-schooled . 
  he was in a category of one . 
  there was only one problemb\u00e4r . 
  but every summer we get escaped aggressive penis-munching turtles , a couple of iguanas and ill birds . 
  wildlife in germany is fucking savage !, 
  ` straya has nothing on us . 
  our one venomous spider is mildly irritating and heavily endangered . 
  our few poisonous snakes send you to the hospital at your convenience . 
  and our apex predator is the wolpertinger , which is imaginary . 
  awww , come on . 
  berlin has spent decades with all the world 's nukes trained on them . 
  that 's the first city to go if it ever comes to a fallout ( heh ! ), 
  of the trump/putin bromance . 
  in the 80ies that felt like a done deal and that 's what made the city special . 
  you hardly notice the rug anymore for all the crap shoved underneath it . 
  at least romania is big enough to park 50 tanks in it . 
  a swiss colleague of mine once told me how they accidentally invaded liechtenstein while on maneuver . 
  passed right through it without noticing . 
  solothurn are sneaky invaders . 
  can somebody please buy russia a fucking calendar ? 
  is it not winter were they live ? 
  or have they already moved in with the kiwis ? 
  germany is also affected . 
  seems like spain got rained on and salad ** which is n't in fucking season anyway ** is becoming scarce . 
  what 's next ? 
  germany has n't had asparagus these last few weeks ? 
  england has n't had strawberries and cream in ages ? 
  and all the lutefisk is rotten ? 
  cannibalism . 
  eating tourists is cheap . 
  there 's good eating on brits , yanks and krauts . 
  and showing il duomo without a shout-out to my boy brunelleschi . 
  without him it would n't be il * fucking * duomo and you 'd have a lot of wet catholics ... if it ever rained . 
  that man was a fucking genius . 
  went to rome , studied , how the romans did their domes , went and built il duomo in a completely new way and out-maneuvered his `` partner '' . 
  and he invented the blue print . 
  filippo * fucking * brunelleschi . 
  you ca n't get more renaissance than him . 
  that one also had pienza in it , did n't it ? 
  what 's it with angry old bastards ?
