  a d\u00f6ner is actually quite filling . 
  never had to eat two . 
  i would n't even be surprised , if it were healthy . 
  most of the time it only is the amount of food we eat that makes us fat . 
  if you only ate one big mac and nothing else for the day , you could even slim down at mcd ... and possibly die of scurvy . 
  hush !, 
  do n't confuse everyone . 
  italians are exactly like in the frozen pizza commercials . 
  except for those who are n't leonardo da vinci . 
  edit : fuck it !, 
  where do i get saltimbocca ? 
  all ristorantes are run by turks . 
  do i really have to go to italy for italian food ? 
  no way !, 
  poutine has a healthy dose of calcium . 
  that 's a bit unfair and also unlikely . 
  i absolutely respect the knowledge and sophistication of the imf . 
  i hold them at fault when it comes to past policies when it comes to the 3rd world . 
  the imf has changed quite a bit these past 10 years . 
  anyway , they are an institution which , if it gives advice , one does well to at least think about it instead of dismissing it off-hand . 
  they also told us that we are forcing greece to austere themselves to death . 
  well , 2 years after it was bloody obvious . 
  but at least they loudly spoke up . 
  ~ ~ white = expat ~ ~ ~ ~ brown = immigrant ~ ~ that bit is n't actually important to me . 
  why is everybody always so easily triggered ? 
  a lot of groups recruit with the same method . 
  it 's not your fault your life has n't turned out the way that it should . 
  it 's the world 's fault . 
  some salafi recruiters of the `` lies ! '' ( read ! ), 
  campaign complained about a huge poster of h&m featuring a heavily photoshopped woman . 
  they said , that was leading them into temptation during some obscure holiday of theirs ( not ramadan , something else ) and for that reason it would have to go . 
  ffs , how mentally weak can you be if that is an issue ? 
  small wonder , all home-brew terrorists had a career of petty crime and drug abuse . 
  if somebody comes along and convinces them they are not at fault but the world is , they lap it up with verve . 
  the tragedy is that our society is partly at fault . 
  we let too many people fall off the wagon . 
  i will not stop calling for hordes of social workers who descend on everybody who seems to need help finding their place in the world . 
  ideally before the petty crime thing starts . 
  religion obviously does n't do it here . 
  edit : y' all need to relax a bit . 
  that reminds me of a boy who got nabbed for trying to blow up a weihnachtsmarkt in my home town a couple of months ago . 
  similar scenario . 
  troubled kid with lots of history . 
  botched a plan to blow up a glass jug filled with shrapnel . 
  he currently is under intense social care . 
  the thing is , stuff like isis websites , 4chan and even reddit are poison for kids . 
  especially if there is an underlying problem . 
  i have no clue what to do about stuff like this or if there even can be something done about it . 
  other than unleashing hordes and hordes of well-payed and educated social workers which we should have done over a decade ago !, 
  holy fucking shit , we still rather deal with the aftermath of societal failure than , you know , stop failing . 
  those two cases would have been seen coming from a long way away if we would be paying attention . 
  or pay people to pay attention . 
  i 'm willing to test your theory on farage . 
  his mighty chin already resembles a frog anyways , so ... 
  yep . 
  who 'd have thunk it ? 
  there is always that . 
  although 6 % has a bit more risk attached to it than your granny 's sparbuch had . 
  and people currently do n't trust their bank 's recommendations further than a savings account . 
  edit : if people knew , how eager the kfw is to lend money to kickstart/expand a business , a lot more people would do just that . 
  if you want a second machine for your carpentry shop , they would be your huckleberry . 
  for all the bad rep germany has when it comes to red tape , there 's always a way to get support for a fledgling business . 
  if you want to deal with the red tape , that is . 
  you say that , but i still wo n't buy a new phone every year for god and fatherland . 
  i feel that my lack of consumerism will get me shot at dawn . 
  i still got that sandwich maker that collects dust like all other sandwich makers before it . 
  and it sit there and glares at me with those accusing hinges . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  they need stuff , it gets bought locally , economy profits . 
  now somebody tell me again that investment in your countries economy does n't work . 
  imagine if we also spent money on infrastructure , education and social services . 
  we would have those and a better economy . 
  wow . 
  who 'd have thunk it . 
  the low interest rate also mean that if you want your savings to keep up with inflation then do n't put it into a bank . 
  have a lot of savings ( a couple of millions should be a nice start ) and invest that in something that only makes sense if you have a couple of millions . 
  meanwhile , joe shmoe with his measly savings account can watch his life 's savings whither and die . 
  low interest rates are not good . 
  we gave greece money so the could take that money and give it to poor , starving banks . 
  that was a [ circle-jerk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs5isz6a4es ) and we made the greek pay for it . 
  in the end even the imf said that was stupid and not very helpful . 
  tl ; dr : europe bailed out banks , not greece, 
  same here . 
  reports on childhood poverty are a bit too bleak for being self-congratulatory . 
  at least she does n't have turkish citizenship . 
  that gives bigger diplomatic leverage . 
  i wonder if that is enough , though . 
  but atm it probably is best , not to go anywhere near turkey . 
  whelp , it 's back to voting , then . 
  and hoping for the best . 
  good question . 
  we have been demanding that as well . 
  turns out , we ca n't . 
  * eyes twitch * modern word processing still is crap at formulas . 
  but i 'm not too sad i have n't used tex in 20 years . 
  results still looks pretty , tho . 
  to this day i think that anything not borne of latex looks unprofessional . 
  no , they shifted too much of the burden on the working stiffs and too little on folks who live off of already having wealth . 
  that happened at the end of the 80ies , early 90ies and has not yet been fixed . 
  i pay around 2.5 k per month , but that 's due to me being in the highest possible bracket in everything .
