  sauce looks wrong . 
  no tomato . 
  honestly , you lot should stick to cod & chips and fucken export that arcane knowledge to germany !, 
  so are you proposing that there is no pee tape since his tan is rather built on bilirubin ? 
  still not watching that !, 
  kebap stands in the uk should first try to get the basics down . 
  they are too vile . 
  you need to be blind drunk to eat it . 
  and drunk or not , it 's still going to become pavement pizza . 
  ask the berliners for that . 
  they 've got the currywurst engineering down . 
  well , it 's just chippies and curries , really . 
  i do n't think so . 
  trump would never go near them . 
  * open your eyes * * look up to the skies and see *, 
  yep . 
  he 'd fit right in . 
  they even used heino 's `` music '' . 
  if you drink beer , try to fit in , try really hard to speak german and ( this is the clever bit ) cheer for the german national football team then you are german . 
  it 's quite infectuous . 
  just look at the plethora of expat in germany youtube channels and you get what i mean . 
  everybody goes native around here . 
  going off on a tangent , since mtv used his music : interesting thing about heino is that he actually collaborated with rammstein after covering their stuff . 
  and he has been endorsed by them . 
  that 's quite a change of style . 
  and at that age . 
  spent the 70ies making that music and went full rammstein at age one million . 
  you will see prepared fish , hamburger , leberk\u00e4s , chicken , pork knuckles ... under a heat-lamp when you go to places frequented by office workers . 
  the food of course is cooked to shit and suffers from being heated all the time . 
  do n't tell either of them . 
  you 'd start a lengthy argument . 
  i want dates !, 
  i want names !, 
  i shall complain to the pope who shall declare these heathens ... heathens !, 
  otoh it would make even less sense if restaurants would use inconvenience products . 
  is that his english name ? 
  good man !, 
  her cares about his product and would n't sell fish from the sea . 
  his german name is verleihnix . 
  `` do n't lend anything . '', 
  nope . 
  nope , nope , nope . 
  the pun would work in berlin but the food would n't . 
  they have proper falafel and do n't need to import it from monkey island . 
  what is this travesty ? 
  ... and if it does , i 'm rather unwilling to watch it . 
  if that 's how he gets his tan then so be it . 
  i bought a tv mainly as a big living room monitor . 
  oh and of course the football championship . 
  why i even have it connected , i have no idea . 
  but since i have cable internet i also have cable tv . 
  should try to get rid of it . 
  i know :d but if it is a phrase that 's only familiar to me then it 's of no bloody use , is it ? 
  i also drew a blank a couple of weeks ago when i used the phrase `` pass muster '' . 
  from that i learned that it is better to feign ignorance . 
  that 's now two military terms i use without knowing why i know them . 
  probably sledge hammer . 
  they were good in the 80ies . 
  but their fish is rotten by now . 
  the batter probably also is all wrong . 
  whenever i am on britain i make it a point to make a beeline to the next chippie . 
  next priority is going for a curry . 
  but it is best to avoid the bread , sausage and the kebap . 
  they still have n't figured out any of those . 
  poor bastards . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  i for one am thankful we do n't have cable news and that it has absolutely no cultural impact on us . 
  reality tv shows are so full of shit i rather watch kripp descend into the hearthstone salt mines . 
  yep . 
  that 's about it . 
  and by this evening , we will have forgotten about it . 
  and in a couple of months time the final report of the inquiry will have 100 pages and not even a fraction of it will make it into the news even if it probably is much more interesting with a lot less speculation and a bit more of an established motive . 
  and also how the fuck this escalated that way . 
  sometimes i really wonder about our news cycle and why we prefer it that way . 
  if there is intelligent life on planet earth it certainly is n't us . 
  if there only was some common regulatory body that balanced fishing quota for cod between nations ... brits , rejoyce !, 
  you can sell pollock to germans and claim it were cod and make a proper profit !, 
  why , you nitpicking little sh ... * checks country flair * oh , ok , carry on , citizen . 
  german police rarely shoots their guns . 
  if they do it at least makes regional news . 
  coppers around here are fairly relaxed . 
  one of them compared his vape with mine on the weekend . 
  turns out we buy at the same vape shop . 
  most of them deal with petty disputes day-in , day-out . 
  sometimes they must feel like social workers in a fancy uniform . 
  i would n't mess with them , tho . 
  2 years ago there was some weird neo-nazi-hogesa demonstration on a sunday . 
  lots and lots of coppers in full riot-gear formed a human wall against those idiots . 
  i briefly contemplated forming a spontaneous counter-demonstration but instead watched the coppers . 
  they clearly did n't want to be there but still formed a human wall between violent idiots and people going on with their lives . 
  german police is n't supposed to shoot in anger , but they are human . 
  and i 'd expect a police officer to be pretty pissed off after being shot in the head . 
  i would speculate that is the case . 
  and since all the information currently released to the public fits on the back of a 50 cent stamp , speculation is what 's in the press . 
  we should check back in a week or so when more is known . 
  if we still care . 
  btw , it was not her gun that was snatched . 
  i do n't have an answer to that . 
  you can even get a rotisserie chicken that 's been sitting under a heat-lamp for the better part of the day . 
  i assume it is safe but it certainly is n't appetizing .
