  where will we take it fromage here ? 
  probably not . 
  it is just one interesting tidbit of trivia my stupid brain for some reason decided to remember for 3 years . 
  i had noticed that and it intrigued me . 
  that was the reason why i bought a tin . 
  why does a can of beer rattle ? 
  i have no idea . 
  guinness can only be had from a tab . 
  full stop . 
  this chart is bs . 
  i ca n't remember seeing a label that did n't read `` made in china '' . 
  even uk cars ( which are as german as hrm 's tits ) are mostly cobbled together with parts bought abroad . 
  so if you bought a franken-bentley , you 'd buy a german car from parts unknown . 
  edit : i have exactly one thing of which i know where it was made . 
  i shelled out 200 $ ( including customs ) for a casing for my nexus 7 . 
  worth every cent . 
  that came from the us . 
  it was crafted from the flawless hide of a cow by boffins with far more skill in such things than i will ever have . 
  as a conversation piece my portenzo casing has done its job . 
  edit2 : the cow was unable for comment . 
  i will graciously assume it was american as well . 
  the uk exports hand-crafted culture at a staggering rate . 
  they now sell guinness in cans . 
  that ca n't be right ... 
  greece has one of the biggest suppliers of concrete . 
  speak for yourself , you filthy frog !, 
  if i needed a car for long-distance travel i would seriously consider a citroen c6 . 
  that has to be the most comfortable thing devised by mankind . 
  thank god for that . 
  this morning . 
  as long as they are free by this evening everything is ... well ... not fine , but a little bit less crappy . 
  nawalny presumably will enjoy putin 's hospitality for a fortnight , tho . 
  exactly !, 
  it was n't sunk . 
  it got repossessed by the ocean . 
  determination !, 
  can confirm . 
  think us is shellfish . 
  not kosher . 
  sad . 
  and they need to keep their neighbors off their lawn . 
  how many submarines does austria have ? 
  of course . 
  there always is saars . 
  that explains everything !, 
  it 's pronouced * eeeeeeek !, 
  * in rp english . 
  and * ick !, 
  * in us english . 
  i feel it should have been named something else . 
  ** he said the bielefeld is a lie !, 
  i 've heard reports that 900 people still are being detained . 
  the last event like this was 5 years ago and people still are in prison over it . 
  be safe !, 
  i 'm sure she has simply handed the bill to her staff to check the legality of it and it will make its long way through the governmental bureaucracy . 
  in the end it will be handed to him with a list of things that are wrong with it . 
  it 's hard to bully german bureaucracy and our chancellor is famous for not being impressed by posturing . 
  oh , the answer will also include corrected spelling mistakes for the bill . 
  yep . 
  austria is the one with the huge coast-line . 
  throw another prawn on the barbie , sepp . 
   europe , and more specifically the eu , has opposition on all sides . 
  trump , putin , erdogan , duterte , and even our own homegrown nationalists like farage , le pen , and wilders . 
  i love how frau kepetri has absolutely no serious international recognition . 
  the eu is first and foremost a standardization organization . 
  it harmonizes laws ( mostly for import ) across all member states so if you can import stuff into one state , you can import stuff into all states . 
  it also harmonizes things that allow for the euro and schengen-treaty to function . 
  the things people are disillusioned with are things the eu does n't do . 
  they are n't aware of that . 
  they feel the eu should do that . 
  in a way people who are disillusioned with the eu are disappointed that it is n't stronger . 
  that 's a strange paradox . 
  i know how you feel . 
  it is absolutely amazing how living in a european city a car stops being a tool but becomes a burden . 
  you are expected to . 
  this is the only way to sustain our growth-based societies . 
  imagine if we only bought food we really needed , clothes only when our old clothes fell apart and replacement electronics only because the old ones failed . 
  we need to rethink , what we base our economy on . 
  he also woke up a substantial proportion of the eu . 
  if anything , this past year has highlighted the problems the us has and what the eu has achieved . 
  especially the healthcare problems in the us and the huge difference between filthy rich and poor made people think . 
  we 're not without problems but not to such extremes . 
  trump and his band of merry nihilists ran an anti-eu campaign . 
  his claims on this side of the pond were easily refuted by looking out of the goddamn window . 
  also reports on poverty in the us seriously trigger care-package reflexes among a lot of folk over here . 
  we still have to find a way to make sure nobody gets left behind in the eu . 
  that 's true . 
  but it looks absolutely doable . 
  the most hilarious claim european nationalists is that germany wants to lead the eu . 
  there are no such ambitions . 
  on the contrary . 
  a stronger eu is quite appealing . 
  it does n't seem that way but the us is also changing for the better . 
  what has happened is that ideas are now being discussed with vehemence which would have n't gotten any traction in the past . 
  universal healthcare now has a chance to become a reality in the us within 10 years . 
  basic universal income would have been laughed out of the door 20 years ago . 
  pot is becoming legal at a very fast rate . 
  gay marriage also is a reality . 
  the gop could n't pass a bill they 've been calling for for 7 years . 
  they could n't pass it because their moderates realized that taking healthcare from people who have gotten used to it would lose them every election for the next 50 years .
