  we got caught !, 
  we 're going to sue you !, 
  they are going by their `` how did that end up in iran '' playbook . 
  well , they bloody well should put pressure on germany . 
  everything is falling apart and is underfunded . 
  hell , even my coffee is cold due to austerity . 
  siemens has never , never ever , not even once , unwittingly violated trade embargoes . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ cough ^ ^ ^ ^ iran never !, 
  no , siree !, 
  he misspelled covfefe . 
  i had to buy a new computer last year . 
  for stupid reasons my bank does n't do card payment above 1k euro per day . 
  so i had to go to the bank and not only speak to a teller , no , i also had to get big wads of cash . 
  among that were 500 $ bills . 
  computer store accepted them no problem but i had never seen one before . 
  and before a pc master race goon turns up and telly me off for not building my own machine : i have already bled to death in the trenches of crappy sharp-edged cases back in the summer of ' 386 . 
  not going back there . 
  i wo n't buy an overpriced isomething , but i wo n't bleed again . 
  edit : did n't have the cash for a case back then . 
  my 386 ran from inside of a shoe-box for the better part of a year . 
  both ways . 
  through the snow !, 
  our screens had 14 '' and we liked it !, 
  bavaria is n't even that cohesive . 
  talk to the people west of augsburg and most of them will call themselves suabians ( the real ones , not the fake stuttgart goatfuckers ) first . 
  bavarian perhaps . 
  german occasionally . 
  germany has more than just 16 tribes . 
  how come this country even works ? 
  it 's football , is n't it ? 
  come to think of it , we had a female bundeskanzler before we had a bavarian one !, 
  oh god !, 
  the first flag triggers my ocd hard . 
  is the optical illusion intentional in that version or are you a covert frankonian , shitting on the bavarian flag ? 
  so i was n't the only one who immediately checked for bombs under his desk ? 
  waaaaah !, 
  is that a thing ? 
  or are you pulling my leg ? 
  oh , who are we kidding . 
  this is the internet and of course that 's a thing . 
  have you measured it ? 
  how many courics was it ? 
  but it makes logging sooooo much better . 
  and if you get the dick-strap for your gopro you can even upload pov logging videos to youtube . 
  if you are regular you could also stream it on twitch . 
  i would absolutely love that . 
  my ex gf identified with winnetou . 
  believe me , your daughters will be fine . 
  kids are n't that complicated . 
  i am glad i have n't . 
  they are shitty . 
  ah , but you need a flachsp\u00fcler for proper presentation . 
  perhaps we need to make them 5cm higher so we can permanently install a gopro underneath the rim ? 
  we also need a couple of sensors which can tweet that the lid has n't been put down . 
  again !, 
  i propose the internet of shit !, 
  his books usually overflow with `` white man 's burden '' . 
  yet he manages to not be overtly racist . 
  in his travel stories he very often uses the trope of the `` noble savage '' who is drawn to christianity . 
  and the villains are n't villainous because of their race . 
  even 100 years later his books are fiction we can consume largely guilt-free . 
  apart from what herr may picked out of real travel diaries everything is fiction . 
  if he wrote about it , you could bet that he never had been there before . 
  and you famously had to skip a couple of pages because he could drone on and on and on and on ... 
  but who does n't want to look at their morning shit ? 
  the flachsp\u00fcler also allows better photo opportunities now that facebook , instagram and imgur are a thing . 
  i see shit on those services all the time . 
  i have n't seen one of those in decades . 
  and they guys an the black masks were not the same as the people showing their faces and holding up signs . 
  do n't be . 
  just do n't be anywhere near people clad in black . 
  black block is n't even a movement . 
  it 's just a strategy to meld into an amorphous mass of people which makes it impossible to identify violent criminals . 
  sad thing is that protesters and vandals now are used interchangeably by people looking for simple truths . 
  even if it does n't reflect reality whatsoever . 
  but a couple of organizers will have to ask themselves how much they contributed to the general violent tendencies . 
  for instance , calling a protest `` welcome to hell '' is a very bad idea . 
  city flags and emblems are indeed very common . 
  german patriotism is rather regional . 
  unless our boy rek another football championship . 
  then even the gummi bears come in the national colors . 
  did n't that bear know he was in finland ? 
  it 's full of finns !, 
  if i were a bear i 'd run for my life !, 
  the quoted report comes from facebook ... 
  waitwhat ? 
  was n't that the time when even the imf said that this austerity crap was horseshit ? 
  or was it after that ? 
  oh , i am absolutely optimistic . 
  a lot of prosperity has also been created due to environmental technology . 
  and a lot of that is driven by the eu . 
  the thing is that achieving sustainability on the lower levels requires either a lot of thought or yet another cultural shift . 
  it seems like the latter is currently happening . 
  one example would be how much attention the cost of production of meat gets in popular media . 
  10 years ago this was n't discussed outside of specialised publications . 
  things change . 
  but they change on a cultural level . 
  and so they change slowly . 
  last year was the first year without the hole in the ozone layer growing . 
  that was a big thing a couple of decades ago .
