  that 's why this zombie-maut has moved onto the next level . 
  they had used that during the last elections and using it again this election . 
  it will get kicked around between europe , bund and bayern . 
  this will be another one of those non-stories which get headlines but move nowhere fast . 
  some court will say that the way they want to do it is n't legal . 
  then we get autistic screeching with a bavarian twang to it . 
  that does n't exactly make the csu look relevant , does it ? 
  there 's also regular folks hanging out in droves of two or three for chit-chat and other abominations !, 
  the turkish bakery where i buy my stuff even had the gall to invite me in for a cup of chai !, 
  honestly , i would n't have it any other way . 
  the apartment complex i live in has a nice interior and i have a small garden . 
  you can only get in through a 3 meter high gate . 
  one day i was sitting in my garden and heard a commotion . 
  a group of 4 boys and 6 nationalities tried to scale the gate to retrieve their ball . 
  i got them in , gave them ice cream and their ball . 
  that was 3 years ago and i have been on ice cream and ball duty ever since . 
  kids do n't segregate by ethnicity when it comes to playing with a water pistols and there is ice cream to be had . 
  let 's just hope their parents do n't fuck this up . 
  not me . 
  people always expect some sort of clusterfuck when in reality it 's just people living their own lives . 
  and getting in the way on the sidewalk !, 
  honestly . 
  what 's it with that ? 
  why does the first ray of sunlight always turn walking on the sidewalk as some kind of parcours ? 
  in which case i shall treat myself with the ointment that is `` eingetragene partnerschaft '' . 
  ok , what is the correct procedure ? 
  do i have to call 110 and they direct me to a burn center or can i call it myself ? 
  it is . 
  it 's explicitly noted in the grundgesetz . 
  what happened to good old `` realpolitik '' ? 
  ideology only gets in the way of proper thinking . 
  sometimes it feels like a boundry . 
  the only `` denkverbot '' i will limit myself to is human rights and human dignity . 
  that 's the one border i refuse to cross . 
  other than that ? 
  tolerating intolerance has been a problem in some ideological corners . 
  the right has no monopoly on critical underthinking . 
  islam has its place in germany . 
  antisemitism does n't . 
  islam does n't have to be antisemitic . 
  it 's people who are antisemitic and that 's where one can start solving the problem at a young age . 
  true . 
  but it is n't as extreme as one is accustomed from other countries ( the us , certain middle-eastern countries ) . 
  for individuals their faith probably is a bigger driving factor . 
  but quoting actual bible-verses would immediately be followed by hints that that might not fly in karlsruhe . 
  this `` gottesbezug '' is constantly fought against . 
  it has no immediate effect on the `` verfassungswirklichkeit '' . 
  funny , it 's already been two years and i have n't heard of yet another initiative to have it removed . 
  i do n't want to look for my `` kommentar zum grundgesetz '' . 
  it probably already has disintegrated . 
  oh well , anyway , you ca n't just say the grundgesetz is based on the christian faith because the `` gottesbezug '' is there . 
  you ca n't ignore the rest of the whole book . 
  i 'm not a fan of them as well . 
  they really , really come along with left-field ideas . 
  their next big thing is this stupid maut idea which will again die in europe . 
  i wonder what they are trying to compensate ? 
  only indirectly . 
  they would n't quote leviticus for that . 
  they are social-conservative . 
  they ca n't quite wrap their head around the concept of this societal change and assume everybody else ca n't , as well . 
  it 's more like not wanting to change a thing they think has worked so well in the past . 
  not because lord jeebus commands it . 
  at first glance the effect might look the same but in reality they are not as dead-set against it as the jeezus brigade is . 
  i think within 10 years germany will also have proper lgbt marriage and adoption rights . 
  german legislature is n't the quickest . 
  i figured as much . 
  did you have joint custody ? 
  did your kids grow up in germany ? 
  in which case the courts will always go with continuity in the children 's lives . 
  kindeswohl is the first , second and only order for the courts . 
  there still is a tendency towards that in germany but the process of custody acquisition probably is n't comparable to the us . 
  are you sure you are in the right sub ? 
  why do a lot of folks with a us flair come here and think the us problems are ubiquitous and also apply to germany in special and europe in general ? 
  i have yet to hear a lawmaker quote scripture as a basis for legislative preferences in parliament . 
  this is a us issue and it is not a german thing . 
  because jesus hates us anyway because we kill babies ( less of them since we have sex-ed , but that 's another can of worms ) . 
  in which case my dear compatriots are absolutely clueless how law-making works . 
  we have an awful lot of lawmakers who are perfectly capable of handling multiple issues at once . 
  for all intents and purposes , lawmaking is not a zero-sum game . 
  * we could n't reform on gay marriage and adoption rights because we had to handle specific much more important economic issues first * is something no parliament ever said . 
  the christian faith in germany is only the cultural back-drop for law-making . 
  i have yet to hear a german lawmaker quote scripture . 
  to me it is always absolutely hilarious when christians quote the old testament . 
  it absolutely seems like they completely forget that there is a reason the new testament exists and a guy got nailed to a tree because he did away with a couple of the old ideas . 
  no faith is the basis of german law . 
  freedom of faith is guaranteed but no preferential treatment is given to any faith . 
  apart from the collection of church tax , not being allowed to dance on good friday in bavaria ( state-level laws at times are hilarious ) . 
  but if a german politician argued for or against anything based on the bible they would n't get taken seriously . 
  your run-of-the-mill csu politician will say exactly that when they go campaigning in bavarian beer-tents . 
  ... you may want to put an / s on your last paragraph . 
  that 's the problem with the csu in particular . 
  they have a hard-on for the traditional family . 
  it would n't surprise me if they excluded single mothers from those benefits . 
  otherwise the ideas in your first paragraph would be ideas i fully support . 
  the csu is at times cringeworthy . 
  i do n't live in berlin but i do live in what to the untutored eye looks like a turkish neighborhood . 
  in my neighborhood are two greek cafes , one libanese and one arab supermarket , two turkish grocers , a driving school which offers lessons in basically all middle-eastern languages , a turkish bakery and a kurdish culture club . 
  you would expect a lot of problems and smashed windows . 
  but there are n't . 
  and what 's most interesting is that according to the last census 75 % of people living there only held german citizenship .
