  high energy !, 
  fuck those goat-shaggers . 
  remember that truck that was driven into a crowd at that weihnachtsmarkt in berlin ? 
  something similar happened in heidelberg a couple of weeks later . 
  only this time it was a local student with a mental disorder . 
  terrorism is probably only a legal construct to establish mens rea and to give cause to investigate , before anything happens . 
  murder and maiming and destruction would be illegal even without it . 
  organizing a group in order to plan or execute illegal activity also already is illegal . 
  those attacks are treated by isis like we treat a supermarket . 
  if they see something they like , they endorse it . 
  they 'd claim the sunrise for themselves if we let them . 
  thank you for that video . 
  i 've already watched it . 
  after the 7/7 attack i 've made it a point , not to follow incidents like that on tv ( which i do n't use as a news-source anyway ) or constantly refreshing web pages . 
  what i did for the boston bombings for example was ignore it completely until one of the weekly periodicals i occasionally buy ran an article about it . 
  in this case it was die zeit . 
  they had a multi-page profile on the brothers , their background , interviews with witnesses and responders and time-lines and interviews with the attackers families/friends . 
  no breaking news !, 
  no stay tuned !, 
  just me and high-quality and complete journalism a week after the incident . 
  fuck the 24/7 news cycle . 
  fuck the talking heads who know as much as the audience and spread pure conjecture . 
  i 'm not even sure if that qualifies as journalism . 
  i am not a psychiatrist . 
  that guy was described as having been deeply traumatized by his flight and having had a couple of mental break-downs . 
  i am not a psychiatrist . 
  that guy was described as having been deeply traumatized by his flight and having had a couple of mental break-downs . 
  well , the blanket term `` terrorist '' is like a blockade against trying to understand why they want to kill . 
  that 's why i do n't like it . 
  they are terrorists who hate our freedom . 
  that morsel of wisdom would even leave a tweet hungry . 
  well it is hard to take somebody serious who hides behind barely argued generalizations interspersed with no punctuation whatsoever and no capitalization because egalitarianism is best expressed that way, 
  i suspect they need them . 
  but now we are dealing with lone wolves . 
  which in turn would mean that they 'd need to get even greater investigative powers . 
  which in turn would mean that law enforcement could pry even deeper into our everyday lives . 
  what do we want ? 
  more security ? 
  or more privacy ? 
  on unrelated news , 4 people died in a car-crash this weekend . 
  on an emotional level the westminster attack registers higher with me than that . 
  but , for pete 's sake , why ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  i ca n't be the only one who is confused by his own reaction . 
  i frankly do n't understand this modern terrorism classification anymore . 
  the guy who went mental in france was possibly drunk . 
  hard for is to claim that . 
  a guy in germany went nuts with an ax on a train . 
  he was proper mental schizoid something . 
  the more you look at those the more they either look like nutters of small-time crooks who found religion . 
  most of them were n't even organized in any way shape or form . 
  the idiot in london did n't even manage to get a gun . 
  i wonder where spree-killing starts and terrorism ends . 
  i feel the moniker `` terrorist '' is overused . 
  what 's interesting is how less murderous the german raf was . 
  they targeted fat cats mainly . 
  they still were pseudo-intellectual assholes . 
  people wonder why gb stayed so calm after 7/7 and now this . 
  they have been used to worse . 
  frankly , so has anybody . 
  the only thing that has changed is the 24/7 news cycle and the perpetuation of an incident over the course of days . 
  i fully expect cnn ( and everyone else ) to become a terrorist max headroom style organisation just to report on something juicy . 
  yesterday the ira . 
  tomorrow the bbc . 
  also my first reaction . 
  having a couple of hundred more bankers in the country does nothing . 
  they may be even more trouble than they are worth . 
  they should go to frankfurt . 
  they are used to that lot . 
  keep them contained in the red light district . 
  so you think bannon is trump 's odd hair ? 
  ima gon na go and run with that . 
  makes as much sense as anything else . 
  well , maybe i do n't know about it because i 'm not on facebook . 
  not sure if trolling or stupid . 
  also not sure if i 'm trolling or stupid . 
  this is too confusing . 
  if this was a desperate attempt to get laid then i have good news for you : it 's tuesday . 
  still one day of hope left , 
  because i have n't the foggiest what yu are on about . 
  i could n't possibly comment . 
  teaching teenagers ? 
  does shaming them into deeper thought work ? 
  oh , forgot the blob . 
  i shall induct him into the hairy brain-slug club . 
  it 's a big island . 
  you 'll not be running out of space anytime soon . 
  and if you do ... the isle of man is not being put to good use . 
  and it had been hurled from ireland at britain . 
  i do n't think that 's the same as a gift . 
   trump pulled off a classic divide et impera . 
  what ? 
  i feel he is overestimating his pull . 
  his behavior has been so erratic , even if anybody would want to make a deal with him they 'd still wonder if he honored the agreement . 
  you need to be a bit more shouty so you get noticed . 
  introversion is fun . 
  constantly being asked what 's wrong with you while you are silently enjoying life . 
  stereotypes are useless , are n't they ? 
  if they have been stolen , they are long gone by now . 
  nah , they are pulling our legs .
