  their mad dogs still are rabid but they become less and less relevant . 
  the dems still have n't realized , how far their voter base has shifted to the left . 
  they will some day . 
  after another series of constitutional crises , that is . 
  in which case i will have you know the finest whines are made in w\u00fcrtemberg and frankonia . 
  plx no nuke stuttgart . 
  the saar region ? 
  how cute . 
  because it is misspelled . 
  i 've heard a lot of whine from brandenburg . 
  nah , we learned how to make wine from the californians . 
  just like you did . 
  they are one of the last wine regions which still do gutedel ( chasselas ) . 
  i have a couple of problems with that map , tho . 
  frankonia and w\u00fcrtemberg claim they make wine . 
  we humor them in that respect but there 's no reason to put that case of sour grapes on a map . 
  so no goats ? 
  i remember reading a conrad & paul album on the bus . 
  a mother and her child were sitting on the seats behind me . 
  the mother suddenly exclaimed that they had to move seats because they were dirty . 
  spent 5 minutes looking for spillage before i realized what the problem might be . 
  his comics were amazingly poignant in a sometimes silly and often graphic way . 
  onion check . 
  not the onion . 
  was it hghly specialized porn ? 
  escaped monk fetish . 
  it 's the hair-do and the robes , is n't it ? 
  of course that 's a thing . 
  honestly to us filthy casuals the grape is much more relevant . 
  i live in a region that grows a couple of grapes and that 's what they sell at the supermarket . 
  my wine literally travels 20km . 
  do n't tell the french but the californians re-tought them how to make wine . 
  i do n't know , why you get downvoted . 
  wine does n't need to be expensive nor do you need to be a sommelier to enjoy it . 
  if you buy it at the supermarket then simply do n't go for either the most expensive nor the cheapest and you should be fine . 
  mix it up and over time you will learn what you like . 
  i find the best bottle of wine is the one you drink with your friends and none of them comments on . 
  i would post the wine map of germany but they are all fake . 
  they include wurtemberg and frankonia . 
  it also helps that the bulgars are really , really scary . 
  and not necessarily turkey 's biggest fans ... 
  wait . 
  hessia still is a thing , is n't it ? 
  it was a few twigs strung together with a blade nudged in between . 
  basically a crap ax . 
  no wonder they got run over . 
  stupid , incompetent romans . 
  edit : does anybody have an eagle ? 
  the 9th legion is missing theirs and would like to have it back . 
  it probably is pure envy . 
  and you are right on the annoying stereotypes . 
  but it probably is harder to paint windmills , tulips and campervans . 
  the next european nation turning up the `` cool '' is poland . 
  that is not irony or sarcasm , but sincere . 
  them and the czech have been really cranking it up these past decades . 
  were you in west berlin during the 80ies ? 
  that was a city that lived like all nukes were trained at it . 
  all of them . 
  the hedonism was mind blowing . 
  also it is n't pedantic . 
  it is meticulous :d, 
  ... and the swabians . 
  you ca n't forget them . 
  it is medicine . 
  and you hold the glass under the table so allah wo n't see . 
   there is also a big teetotal movement here with people choosing not to drink at all these days , particularly in the over 40s from what i 've seen . 
  that 's sensible . 
  do they also plan to cut down these evenings ? 
  i 'll have you know we also have great wine !, 
  let me guess : they boarded a ship from denmark and had a little look-see ? 
  and apples !, 
  this map is a lie !, 
  i live where the \u00c4ppelwoi flows and the hills sing with the sound of fermented grape product !, 
  these satiric fools claim germany does n't drink cider !, 
  ... if france decides to send a care package from normandy i would be eternally grateful . 
  \u00c4ppelwoi is crap compared to cidre . 
  you ca n't kill anybody with our corks :(, 
  and a massive , impressive mousta ... nope , also a bit petite . 
  was n't his daddy from augsburg ? 
  they seem to be very proud of that . 
  load the sling-shots with mozartkugeln ( die billigen f\u00fcr die touristen ) !, 
  we need to fight this one . 
  until first nougat !, 
  barely . 
  hang on !, 
  which strauss ? 
  richard of franz-josef ? 
  i feel this is relevant to this discussion . 
  one was a genius , the other a bag-pipe . 
  whatabout haydn you swine ? 
  and h\u00e4ndel ? 
  somebody around here is a bit old . 
  i was in switzerland in 2006 . 
  my employers lent me to our swiss branch . 
  they paid for an apartment near lake lucerne . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  in 2006 the soccer world championship was held in germany . 
  i left germany in very early spring and returned just before christmas to a completely different country . 
  i 'm still getting used to germany suddenly being cool . 
  that was exactly the year everybody including my countryfolk seemed to decide that responsible hedonism is now the main german thing .
