  but i think that one is levied by the local community . 
  not sure if it is the same . 
  i 'm safe !, 
  i drink my coffee without sugar . 
  wait !, 
  have they forgotten antifreeze ? 
  that had worked in austrian wine . . ** i found a loophole !, 
  i think hfcs is gluten-free . 
  probably vegan as well . 
  so double the price and put it into the health section ? 
  they need to put pictures on the bottles . 
  you know , like on the cigarettes . 
  many . 
  and . 
  big . 
  people . 
  sonneborn for bundeskanzler ? 
  those sanctions are a bit dodgy . 
  the other ones were tied to some demands . 
  stop occupying donbass and we let you do this again . 
  gtfo from crimea and we will let you have that again . 
  the current sanctions seem to be purely punitive . 
  and i 'm not sure what they are supposed to achieve . 
  so sanders is n't wrong not to sign them . 
  stein had probably been told to do so by her pet crystal . 
  that 's too harsh . 
  but naive adoration would fit the bill . 
  what i do n't get is putin is nowhere near being remotely left-wing . 
  there still is some residue enthusiasm left for the ussr . 
  mainly by people who were nowhere near it . 
  some nowadays even have trouble to grasp what is going on in venezuela . 
  neither have we . 
  have you seen that bird we keep in the bundestag ? 
  that fat thing could n't get airborne even if it tried . 
  if it were spotted at walmart it would immediately wind up in a blog . 
  why do the netherlands not simply use the flag of holland ? 
  that would make it easier for the americans and the germans and avoid further confusion . 
  but at least germany uses a completely different color scheme shut the fuck up , belgium . 
  you are out of your element . 
  ok , you may have a point . 
  it looks like it were designed for a football team . 
  not for boozing with the wimmin like the current one . 
  this version is clarkson-safe , tho . 
  have you noticed ? 
  it is symmetrical . 
  nobody could hang it upside down . 
  there are also speculations that the current disarray might be part of a cunning plan . 
  mr. s. baldrick unfortunately was unable to comment . 
  i 'd be worried if they deployed the janissaries . 
  the chief negotiator looked tired and emotional . 
  that 's what those are for , 
  they should have asked the german government for help on this one . 
  we managed to steer away from messes like this right after willy brandt did his thing in warsaw . 
  at this point the pisheads have lost touch with the outside world . 
  and they keep forgetting they are n't as stronk in poland as they seem to think they are . 
  poland has survived worse . 
  we have lost a lot of quality when we stopped paying for journalism . 
  now we pay with our attention . 
  and since that happened , headlines became click-bait . 
  that used to be the strategy of the yellow press . 
  huge headlines . 
  folded in such a way that they were even more misleading and you had to pick them up to read the whole thing . 
  online journalism now does a similar thing . 
  headlines are click-baitier than teasers are click-baitier than the actual text . 
  if we are lucky . 
  also publishing fast and soon and skipping a lot of fact checking is also a thing . 
  the quality difference ( to name an example ) between spiegel online and the printed spiegel is staggering . 
  those used to be two separate teams but afaik they are n't anymore . 
  i argue that reading news online has no inherent benefit over reading about news on the next day . 
  i have a kindle subsription for the s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung . 
  if i did n't have that , i would have gladly taken them . 
  at the moment it is really , really dangerous to pick up online publications one is n't familiar with . 
  there is such a thing as fake news sites and they are not cnn , nbc , ntv , fox ( which are worthless for other reasons ) . 
  this is where i struggle . 
  biased reporting of facts is still lying . 
  there was this report that crime went up by a couple of hundred of thousands in germany after the `` refugee crisis '' . 
  coupled with reporting on incidents of violent crime . 
  what that report omitted was that the spike in crime in germany was caused by a couple of hundreds of thousands unlawful border crossings , not mas murder-stabbings . 
  that is lying by omission . 
  and that is bias . 
  the guardian does n't quite do that . 
  the only thing that could be viewed as bias is the selection of the things they report on and how much emphasis they put on it . 
  but if they do n't report on what one is interested in then they simply are not the right newspaper for one 's need . 
  but calling a newspaper biased is calling them dishonest . 
  which simply is n't fair . 
  in many cases i have a feeling that the logic is `` they do n't report things i like , therefore they are biased '' . 
  any newspaper is filled with reports on things i do n't like . 
  yep , that 's why i stopped reading them some time ago . 
  my biggest problem is the sheer space they reserve for opinion pieces . 
  it at times takes a lot of media competence to separate statement of fact and interpretation of fact . 
  there most of the english press does a really shoddy job . 
  but they do not habitually distort the facts or lie by omission like for example breitbart does . 
  that makes them one of the best daily english speaking publications . 
  but given their kindle edition frankly sucks ( or at least did so a year ago ) and i have access to 3-4 excellent german publication i have no need for the dear old grauniad . 
  so you do n't think the guardian is n't factual yet you think they are biased . 
  it 's one or the other . 
  and at no point did i demand anything of you . 
  the problem i have is that your argument makes no sense . 
  if you do n't want to read it , that is absolutely fine by me . 
  also , what 's up ?
