  two years ago there was a bit of a problem with marksmens clubs . 
  they have annual competitions and the champion of one club was muslim ( oh noes ! ) . 
  that was n't a problem to the club or to anyone else with half a brain . 
  yet the a couple of the other clubs did n't recognize him because he was muslim and there was some old stuffy charter that required people to be christian . 
  two years of internal squabbles later they managed to change their charter to allow non-christians . 
  so there is a problem on both sides . 
  there are hold-outs on both sides . 
  integration is hard . 
  i get it . 
  but for integration to work , both all sides need to let go of their religious peculiarities at least when in public . 
  the two sikhs i 've met socialize with their colleagues . 
  as i said , we ca n't really legalize stuff like this . 
  that 's not a legal problem . 
  the eu ruling would mandate employers to make christians leave those necklaces at home . 
  as well as hijabs , kippas , colanders or dastars . 
  in many ways i feel , this is not a ruling against hijabs but rather one against all religious symbols . 
  if anything , it has strengthened the right to wear it . 
  unless the employer wants to piss off everybody as well . 
  i was wondering about federal prosecutors on a district level . 
  that sounds like a contradiction . 
  are n't those nevertheless part of the judiciary branch ? 
  federal or no . 
  that should be off limits if there truly is a separation between executive and judiciary branch . 
  12 year term and the process you described is only for the supreme court . 
  but that 's not the only level trump/erdogan have exercised influence on . 
  the prosecutor for instance who got fired was on a district level . 
  that 's really far-reaching . 
  that would be like the bundesjustizminister firing a prosecutor at the landgericht . 
  the outcry would be immense . 
  depends on the context . 
  i 'll wear one myself in a synagogue and have in the past . 
  that 's a place of worship . 
  the public is n't . 
  also when people talk about hijabs there also is this sneaking suspicion they are n't worn by choice . 
  that is just a little bit less likely with a kippah . 
  look , this is n't as easy . 
  which is why the eu has n't passed a blanket ruling . 
  they said that employers can decide if they want to allow religious symbols at the work-place and passed the buck to them . 
  in general , people would feel a lot less uneasy if religion and religious symbols were less obvious . 
  in germany for instance it can happen to you that a colleague does n't eat during the day and only nurses his tea . 
  you work with somebody and only after 10 years you notice he is observing ramadan . 
  otoh you do n't have problems between sunni and shia . 
  there 's a difference between scripture and practice in basically all religions . 
  sometimes quite a lot of double-think is required . 
  religious practice does n't trump the law . 
  but religious practice may influence the legislative ( see bavaria still have n't gotten rid of the law against dancing on good friday ) . 
  what is absolutely important is that no religious practice is unfairly targeted . 
  the eu has decided that if your employer does n't want you to display religious symbols on the clock , then they are free to do so . 
  i ca n't imagine that this was an easy decision . 
  hopefully my employer continues to allow me to wear my ceremonial colander . 
  yep . 
  that 's something the us consistently got wrong . 
  an independent judiciary is one of the checks and balances . 
  once they stop being independent , they serve less of that purpose at well . 
  otoh , the us has worked for over 200 years . 
  so * shrug * . 
  i got nothing . 
  still feels wrong to me . 
  lots and lots of civil servants following meticulously detailed laws . 
  you are free to read the whole drig if you do n't have any plans for the rest of your life . 
  the point of this is that no one person has too much influence over the judiciary and that there is continuity even if a new government is in place . 
  for instance , the death of a judge endangering german abortion regulation is absolutely unthinkable . 
  it really , really depends . 
  in germany for instance on a local level , judges get the job for life . 
  they need to have excellent grades , need to apply and first get the title of assessor . 
  if he does n't f * up ( posting bs on t_d would for instance count as f * up ) he has to be appointed as judge within 5 years . 
  so the landesjustizverwaltung tries to only have as many assessors as needed . 
  what you were previously referring to were constitutional judges . 
  they are as important in germany as anywhere also with one major exception . 
  we do n't have case law . 
  and the bundesverfassungsgericht contains quite a lot more people and chambers than only 9 grumpy old persons . 
  in fact it is so complicated that i 'm not entirely certain how it works without checking on wikipedia . 
  judges and prosecutors are n't voted in or appointed by whoever holds power ( with the caveat that an excellent politician or administrator could out-maneuver several layers of bureaucracy ) . 
  judges and prosecutors also become problematic once they openly have a political affiliation since their job should place them outside of that . 
  they do become vulnerable otherwise . 
  edit : voting for a judge is quite a foreign concept in germany . 
  a judge who is n't apolitical even doubly so . 
  prosecutors also are required by law to oversee criminal investigations and if they do n't provide exonerating evidence as well , they are out . 
  they also are n't voted in . 
  both groups do n't answer to the people but only to the law . 
  but they do n't print their own with the pope 's mug on it . 
  that 'd confuse the yanks on too many levels . 
  currency is too complicated . 
  i would file the motion to use sea shells and mars bars instead . 
  * checks sub * yep , still / r/europe the notion that the head of government or state has the power to replace prosecutors or judges on that level is quite foreign to most countries around here . 
  proper bavarian lederhosen are cured with urine . 
  in many cases multiple times . 
  it is in the context of `` flaunting your religion '' . 
  if you can fit into the uk-shaped hole . 
  you need to slim down first . 
  no poutine for you !, 
  wait the what , huh ? 
  they use the euro . 
  they mint the coins . 
  but they are not in the eurozone ? 
  what fresh hell is this ? 
  wow , austria is one white vertical stripe away from switzerland . 
  just less awesome . 
  sad :(, 
  speaking of which : turkey was a potential candidate in the long-long ago .
