  i ca n't think of any bavarian delicacy i would eat willingly . 
  apart from berzeln . 
  and augustiner beer . 
  tovarish pootin no know borders . 
  him great leader for mother russia ( which got its ass handed to it by tito ) . 
  anything on the balkans would immediately involve russia . 
  especially serbia . 
  geert wilders and his karajcic . . karadjic . . karashit ( i 'm sticking with this spelling ) hairdo . 
  well , i was first exposed to curry in the uk . 
  that was n't too spicy either . 
  but you are absolutely correct . 
  germany has very few indian restaurants . 
  i could kill for a vindaloo right now . 
  well , sorry about trump . 
  our bad . 
  and that odd weather we are currently having ? 
  yes , that too . 
  i have two indian restaurants in my town . 
  they got their recipes from the uk . 
  i guess the ones in canada are the same . 
  he is bavarian . 
  nothing he says is representative for the rest of germany . 
  weisswurst is crap . 
  if you want proper sausage , you will have to wander the rolling hills of the palatinate . 
  we also got good wine . 
  oh god !, 
  i ca n't stay in a room that had weisswurst boiled in it . 
  it smells of day-old dog-feces . 
  the european progamme of protecting regional specialties in this case is protecting other regions of these abominations . 
  and for some reason you will always have one toothless seppl sucking on the depleted husks of that sausage not unlike a granny sucking on a filled condom . 
  those things are an assault on all senses . 
  i live in germany and i feel i should n't object too much . 
  crimes against goulash is part of our anthem . 
  german coppers ( excluding bavaria ... it 's always bavaria ) are petitioning for legalization . 
  they are getting slightly bored of writing people up and the courts immediately dropping the cases . 
  prosecution seems to like getting their hands on the contraband and are subsequently too chill to prosecute . 
  walking over my local weihnachtsmarkt smells like a dank day in amsterdam . 
  britannia would be confused and marianne would have to do all the work . 
  lutefisk and ketchup . 
  a match made in hell . 
  we 'll take blame for anything but that !, 
  i want names , dates and locations !, 
  they 'll probably survive the firing squad . 
  it would be manned by italians ... 
  no way . 
  they are still deathly scared of french cheese . 
  and kinder eggs . 
  unless ... onion soup with ketchup , bacon and a fried egg on top ... 
  dammit . 
  i was just about to call my old teacher , discuss it with her and prepare a 21 slide presentation on how this had n't been done properly . 
  but i do n't want to be a bore . 
  the england might make a rude remark . 
  again . 
  yes , but she has just been buried , has n't she ? 
  i mean it is a time-honored tradition to dig up corpses to hang them again . 
  but , george , i feel nobody wants to see maggie thatcher again . 
  in any state of decay . 
  so it is n't freedom freedom but actual freedom . 
  well , pig-fuckery hardly is on the same line as legalizing low-key corruption . 
  now , is it , simon ? 
  possibly criminal , even . 
  unless you are the one making the actual laws . 
  because the plot would not change even if you left them out ? 
  avec des escargots confus\u00e9es edit : is n't it * omelette au fromage * ? 
  you still put eggs in it , do n't you ? 
  it 's been bugging me all the time . 
  it 's actually a very , very sad tale . 
  and it is seldom told . 
  being european and not one for breaking with tradition , i shall not tell it . 
  but it is very sad , indeed . 
  great thought , that 's the pitch . 
  * yo , yanks !, 
  we 've got a beach in faraway lands you might want to land on . 
  yeah , you like landing on beaches in faraway lands ? 
  this one has more sunshine . 
  and turkey !, 
  you like that , too ? 
  ok , we 'll program your satnav . 
  and call andorra sometimes , will ya ? 
  people always forget about her :(, 
  here 's a thought : the us can land on gallipoli this time . 
  they seem to be quite fond of landing on beaches in foreign lands . 
  we 'll even program their satnavs this time . 
  andorra still is confused about the last time . 
  they promised to call her the next week !, 
  he must be secretly harvesting and ingesting old nazi blood . 
  those fuckers also seem to live forever . 
  please take this as a token of my gratitude : \u00ea edit : you seem to have lost this somewhere :(, 
  the snark is strong in that one . 
  that is actually the most us american thing ever . 
  once the us loses it 's snark we all will be worried . 
  do n't worry , it will blow over . 
  i would n't argue semantics about genocide or you will find yourself on the same side of the argument turkey makes about armenia . 
  semantics aside : putin is actively propping up assad . 
  as is iran . 
  those 25 % who trust trump are the same who trust putin . 
  just saying . 
  interestingly , they do n't trust erdogan . 
  which i find odd . 
  on related news , it 's good pol pot is n't on that list , either .
