  the next big thing was industry . 
  very recently a couple of decades ago that too was replaced with automation . 
  we 've been become so efficient that manufacturing only becomes outsourced if the cost of automation is higher than exploited cheap manual labor . 
  people predict that white-collar jobs will be next . 
  they are already affected . 
  remember those 60 year old photographs of huge offices with a hundred accountants in them ? 
  we replaced that with computers . 
  my point is , we have gone so far with our efficiency measures that countries can be wealthy without the whole able populace needing to contribute . 
  now add refugees and immigrants ( those two are different ) into the mix and the population who already notices they are worse off than their parents suddenly perceive they need to compete with newcomers . 
  that is an explosive mixture . 
  the root for this are n't the newcomers . 
  we are at a crossroads where it comes to society and how we live . 
  if countries can be prosperous without everybody contributing we need to find alternatives for a comfortable life other than by earning a living . 
  if you see a phenomenon and it is in close temporal proximity to an event , the event may or may not be a cause or a contributing factor . 
  problems in the host countries may have been extant for a long time and surfaced only after another thing happened . 
  inequality has been rising over the past few decades and that may be a bigger problem than immigrants and refugees . 
  integrating newcomers is n't easy . 
  there will be problems . 
  a fool would expect otherwise . 
  it is a lot of work . 
  observation and appropriate measures are always needed . 
  but there are a lot of people who do n't even want to try . 
  do nothing about inequality . 
  do n't try to make a huge influx of people work . 
  propose to turn back the time before things were a problem . 
  i have zero respect for the right-wingers . 
  they are not trying or even proposing . 
  and again , there is a difference between a refugee and an immigrant . 
  one is such by choice , the other is n't . 
  preparedness for a new life will differ accordingly . 
  this is a very complicated issue . 
  too late . 
  i 've been dead for decades . 
  i forgot where it was :(, 
  all this talk about arbitrarily grouped people makes us forget that we are a lot of individuals . 
  each one with their unique hopes and dreams and fears and knowledge and misconceptions . 
  culture is only the loose string that ties us together . 
  it 's a stock scam , is n't it ? 
  the problem i have with statistics like that is that they are too broad . 
  let 's play along with your somali statistic . 
  what it does is overly broad . 
  especially when it comes to crime . 
  a lot of criminal acts are perpetrated by a small group of people who do n't seem to be able to stay out of trouble . 
  with a statistic like that you ca n't stop looking but also need to find if criminal acts are evenly distributed across the examined group or if you have a small sub-group which stands out . 
  you can stop at the broad statistic if your goal is to show that somali are much more criminal than the average . 
  you can continue to examine to identify the criminal sub-group and further examine , what the contributing factors are . 
  hopefully with the goal to do something about that . 
  one is racist . 
  the other one gets things done . 
  i 'm for now assuming you are not interested in getting things done . 
  germany is currently discussing anonymized job applications . 
  i think those were a great idea . 
  most job applications to my company go over my desk and we are a cultural hodge-podge . 
  not by design but by qualification . 
  switzerland is a marvel . 
  i 'm not actually poor but a visit to migros drives water into my eyes . 
  still , i 'm glad i spent my last vacation there . 
  even if the mountains are a lie . 
  switzerland is made of lakes . 
  i told you those crude oil drinks were a bad idea !, 
  and even the one thing the us has is cast in doubt since the income divide is bigger . 
  how does one earn a lot of money in jail ? 
  i 'm ... um ... asking for a friend . 
  you 'd be a dead toddler in prison . 
  by a single-digit percentile !, 
  these comparisons are fun !, 
  we played a similar game of cards only with car stats . 
  should 've used countries . 
  i would have gotten switzerland and dominated y' all !, 
  hence huge class divide . 
  that 's quite a burn you got there . 
  might want to have that looked after . 
  that comparison tool is great !, 
  it just informed me i was 10 % more likely to die in my infancy compared to the random other country i picked . 
  now they tell me !, 
  i would n't have died in my infancy ages ago if only i had known !, 
  is n't that due to the high vat in switzerland ? 
  all other taxes being lower ? 
  i do n't understand the income comparison . 
  is that before or after taxes ? 
  the whole comparison has a little bit of an apples/oranges feel to it . 
  triple pane windows are no joke . 
  the flat i 'm renting is fully heat insulated and i only need to use one radiator to heat the full thing . 
  it 's simply amazing what this does . 
  i 'm comfy and warm with less effort than in my old flat . 
  this austerity approach is so wrong it will make the history books . 
  i do n't view it as such . 
  after the ongoing verbal attacks from the us at times we should remind ourselves that we are actually arguably better off then them lest we start to believe the alt-right propaganda . 
  it 's important to be reminded that you are great when you are in an abusive relationship . 
  anime . 
  not dc/marvel . 
  it aired in the 80ies . 
  zdf had bought the rights . 
  in the 80ies , nobody in germany understood anime . 
  they thought it was a cartoon and thusly for kids . 
  little did they know they had to heavily edit it so they could air it next to biene maja . 
  the german version has a new soundtrack by christian brun . 
  i later learned that it was only partially translated into english . 
  i think the most complete version would be the french one . 
  i 've yet to get hold of a complete box set .
