  we put the i and the s in failures . 
  it 's on the same goddamn island . 
  it would n't fit on man and the irish declined because they like their hub-caps where they are . 
  born and raised . 
  the guy from westminster was brummie . 
  well , i think people should be aware of where they are . 
  i for one was at home with a cold . 
  i suspect , everybody else 's livingroom also does n't look like westminster as well . 
  we are odd creatures , are n't we ? 
  they already are there ? 
  and have been for decades ? 
  i do n't understand what you are on about . 
  i think i spotted a suspicious figure with a scimitar and a camel in the l\u00fcneburger heide . 
  we should nuke it from orbit . 
  it 's the only way to be sure . 
  because they come mostly out at night . 
  mostly . 
  ummm . 
  isis is a couple of half-starved bandits in remote bits of syria , iraq and lybia . 
  the only reason they have n't yet been bombed to bits is that they use civilians as meat-shields . 
  what do you think they are ? 
  a huge , militarized nation capable of waging war on europe , the us and russia at the same time ? 
  the main question here , it seems , is if they were brown and muslim enough to qualify to be called terrorists . 
  it seems like that 's all it takes in the minds of some people . 
  remind me : the 1985 thing , were those sikhs or that weird-ass sect . 
  i 've stopped remembering those nut-jobs since they never seem to have a good reason for what they do . 
  huh . 
  i thought that was isis celebrating a propaganda victory . 
  seems like everybody celebrates a victory except ordinary folk who shrug it off an continue living their lives . 
  i find it easiest , not to pay too much attention to either t_d and those rag-tag few isis leftovers who constantly get hyped up so we think they were a military threat to anybody . 
  well , whatever you did , they are onto you . 
  they gave you gold which probably put you on some sort of list :(, 
  yeah , turns out that we actually have an awful lot of muslims . 
  most of which have n't killed all of us . 
  we still are on greeting terms . 
  i shall notify you when i spot one with a sabre , charging at me on camel-back . 
  turns out , i was confused . 
  i 'm gon na fix that . 
  yes , it actually does . 
  have you heard of that awful car accident that happened in my neighboring city ? 
  killed 6 . 
  it took them half a day to cut the corpses free . 
  no breaking news !, 
  no stay tuned !, 
  no talking heads speculating about things while information slowly trickles through . 
  we do n't even know who this guy was . 
  why he did it . 
  what his particular circumstance were . 
  what could have been done to prevent this . 
  and we wo n't know too much about all of this for the better part of the week . 
  and yet the 24/7 news cycle laps up the blood so they can fill the time between advertisements with gore . 
  disproportionately so compared to the aforementioned accident . 
  it is indeed telling that you chose to feel that way . 
  terrorism works only if you react to it with disproportionate fear . 
   the problem is politicians are so afraid of accusations of racism . 
  i 'm happy for you that you do n't have these inhibitions . 
  extremist mosques and organizations get shut down all the time . 
  what does n't happen is that europe invests in replacements . 
  if you do n't develop your own preachers then you will import wahabi sunni folks sponsored by saudi arabia . 
  you are correct in your assertion that the best way to combat terrorism is not to be terrorized . 
  looking at the uk today , germany the past few months , france , belgium and spain shows they took being hit with some decorum . 
  neither of them has introduced a muslim ban . 
  that would be the overreaction . 
  what is happening is a long overdue discussion on integration of isolated groups of the population into society . 
  a lot of measures are being discussed . 
  all of them long-term . 
  the problem with that `` terrorism '' label that gets attached to everything is that it works like a barrier against further thought . 
  most attacks on european soil ( and us soil ) were perpetrated by domestic folks . 
  and that begs the reason what 's been going wrong . 
  if your answer simply is `` islam '' then you have only reached the next barrier against further analysis . 
  we are not living in an black & white world . 
  never have . 
  never will . 
  well , from what i can tell , the uk is not very impressed . 
  they are already responding with passive-aggressive humor and snark . 
  they might even resort to sarcasm . 
  this is isis , not the ira . 
  in some cases they simultaneously communicated to isis via pete 's dragon . 
  they asked the dragon to pass the news on . 
  aw , come on !, 
  you ca n't blame everything on the americans !, 
  sure , they did n't integrate too well into the native cultures but at least you ca n't say they tried . 
  i 've had it up to here with the us bashing in / r/europe, 
  no , i think the one i was talking about was that nutter from munich . 
  the w\u00fcrzburg one was the one where the nutter did n't have a driver 's license and had to use an ax instead ? 
  sounds like a total basket-case . 
  religion poses an interesting paradox . 
  most religions are based on archaic texts which are n't really compatible with modern life . 
  so in order to function in a modern society you need to be able to compartmentalize and double-think . 
  which requires people to act smart . 
  you need to be intelligent in order to not be a dysfunctional religious muppet . 
  but if you are as learned and intelligent as you ought to be to qualify for religion then you probably do n't need it at all . 
  the problem are people who want to change the world so it is compatible with their religion instead of changing their religion so it is compatible with the world . 
  which apparently is only 6000 years old . 
  and requires you to either have a massive beard or a hijab but not both . 
  only if neither the judean people 's front nor the people 's front of judea beat them to it . 
  we give isis too much credit . 
  they are a localized phenomenon with good pr . 
  the best pr . 
  tremendous !,
