  born in germany , probably laughed at in turkey . 
  not able to properly speak either language . 
  think they are gods gift to the world and wonder why they do n't achieve nothing . 
  i 'm not saying that is a majority . 
  or numerically speaking even significant . 
  but that 's the main image of young turkish men . 
  erdogan 's asslickers do n't help , either . 
  otoh there are cases of german-turkish nationals who are being held in turkey on grounds of `` conspiracy '' , probably denunciation by neighbors in germany . 
  german embassy ca n't do anything for them since they also are turkish . 
  at this point you 'd be mad to keep your turkish citizenship in germany or visit turkey . 
  at all . 
  feels a bit like a crossroads . 
  -------------------- i ca n't speak for the balkans . 
  suspicion of anything crescent-shaped may be a cultural thing . 
  but it still is discrimination based on religion and something that needs to be overcome . 
  at this point , there are two sides to that equation . 
  no easy solutions . 
  anybody who offers one of those better have a damn good explanation . 
  mietschuld would n't be used outside of formal correspondence since it is outdated in day-to-day use . 
  you would rather say mietschulden . 
  my point is that there are different words for guilt and debt and you would know which one is referenced from context alone . 
  there is no linguistic ambiguity there . 
  you are right that you have to start somewhere . 
  a counter-campaign has to start somewhere . 
  but in the end you need boots on the ground . 
  or whatever it is that social workers wear . 
  muslims also currently have a few image problems in germany . 
  largely due to a minority of turkish expats . 
  there 's the ditib thing , the people spying on each other , the constant barrage of bs turkey flings at europe and all of that with religious undertones . 
  at this point ditib mosques are to be considered turkey 's fifth column . 
  this `` muslim and proud '' thing also does n't fly in germany where religion is something deeply private . 
  germany has left mosques to themselves and allowed for preachers coming from god knows where preaching god knows what . 
  that 's not an inherent problem of islam per se . 
  it 's a problem what is preached . 
  you can also turn a church into a hell-hole as the us time and time again demonstrates . 
  if i had my way i would get rid of religion altogether . 
  it solves no problems and only creates new ones . 
  i absolutely agree on that . 
  foresight is not the forte of the current administration . 
  just this week preliminary reports have been published by the imf ( of all organizations ! ), 
  that germany has to do something about the growing inequality . 
  we 've been pointing that out for over a decade . 
  and our shit-on-wheels minister of finance gloats on how tight he holds his purses while our infrastructure rots , our schools crumble , people who provide significant services get underpaid to the extent that nobody wants to work the job ( especially language teachers ... which we need ) , single parents struggle to make ends meet ... and the way the greece crisis was handled was not only harsh , it also was counterproductive . 
  i have ( obviously ) never voted for our conservative party . 
  like , ever . 
  problem is , there is not a party left to vote for for a social-democrat like myself . 
  this hard-line bs really pisses me off . 
  i 'm not spotting it . 
  have i lived such a sheltered life ? 
  `` ich bezahle meine schuld '' is something i would n't expect to hear . 
  it sounds archaic . 
  something that dropped out of the lord 's prayer . 
  debt is `` schulden '' . 
  guilt is `` schuld '' ( depending on the phrase it is used in ) . 
  soooo , you will now have to decide . 
  either germany took in 1mio people ( of course all of them thieves and rapists ) in 2015 or they do n't exist . 
  trying to have your cake and eating it is not a great way to deal with challenges . 
  and since i do live in germany in a big city which has had 3 former army barracks filled with refugees in the now nearly solved `` crisis '' of 2015 , pray , do tell , how does it look like around here ? 
  what 's interesting is that it 's mostly outsiders making assumptions who try to educate me on what i see in my daily life . 
  i remember . 
  but i am talking about how eastern europe reacted , once dublin was no longer sustainable . 
  a couple of countries opened their borders to relieve the southern european countries from the unsustainable stress . 
  ee blocked every attempt on formalizing a fair redistribution scheme . 
  i am not deluding myself how competent my countries government is , but that was the way that it was . 
  my folks were late , ee blocked even when necessity knocked on our doors . 
  agreed on all of that . 
  i 'm not sure about the growth projections since a lot could happen within a generation . 
  what i am really wondering about is the effectiveness of local media efforts . 
  i do n't think those have enough reach . 
  there 's one phenomenon observed in germany . 
  young immigrants from africa make photos of themselves in front of a pile of money and they share it via facebook . 
  mind you , that 's hearsay since i 've never seen something myself . 
  they borrow the money from other folks just for that photo . 
  that is a powerful image to send back to the folks at home . 
  another thing is the way , life is depicted in european media . 
  i 'm not only talking about tv shows , but also advertisements . 
  now , i am reasonably well off but i do n't even know anybody who lives like that . 
  i ca n't even fathom what smugglers who promise before they take thousands of euros and put folks on a dinghy . 
  that 's the image you have to go up against . 
  i think hammering the reality home requires hordes and hordes of social workers and diplomats to get access . 
  but that takes years , if not decades . 
  in the meantime , parts of the eu say we need to act together and others block since that necessarily means that until measures work , redistribution is mandatory to take pressure off of greece and italy . 
  the deal with the devil ( turkey ) is not doing anything . 
  edit : the problem i have with malthus is that he failed to predict disruptive ways to produce and distribute food . 
  that of course is not his failure since unpredictable things happen all the time . 
  but it serves as a cautionary tale when it comes to such predictions . 
  i also would n't say that the one-child policy was a bed of roses and had no negative side-effects in china . 
  on top of their so-called lost generation they also have a little emperor problem . 
  it has probably caused an attitude problem in china . 
  the finest bit of a pig to be had !, 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  if your lot say something you know is untrue and do n't speak up against it you are guilty by association . 
  also , you ca n't rely on politicians and parties to change voting systems . 
  they spent years dealing with that and perfected it . 
  at least you do n't have your gary as mandered as the us . 
  changing a voting system is only possible by plebiscite . 
  the only one who would have the guts to support it and with the weight to be heard is prince charles . 
  just saying . 
  royalty , eh ? 
  could put them to work for once .
