  yep . 
  they are . 
  and facebook did n't delete libel/slander when the content was reported to them . 
  nor did they delete it after it was shared in the thousands . 
  it was up to the poor affected schmuck to take them to court and be stonewalled by corporate lawyers until he gave up due to not having the time and the legislation not being there . 
  this is just one instance . 
  there are quite a few more . 
  the public read this as `` they do n't budge since the law is unclear if they have to ; so let 's change the law then , eh '' . 
  this is something facebook brought upon themselves and the rest of us due to not doing the right thing when politely asked to . 
  suing thousands of fb users for forwarding libelous/slanderous content is not practical . 
  so now we may get a little less impractical laws . 
  could have been easier if facebook simply had reacted to reported content . 
  this still is not a free speech issue . 
  it is all about fb deflecting that they did n't react because they skimped on people getting rid of rightfully reported content . 
  freedom of speech ends where it comes to libel and slander . 
  always has , always will . 
  it also ends where it comes to disturbing the public peace . 
  this is what to me is being an asshole . 
  and that already carries liability . 
  facebook has had ample opportunity to do something and warning that if they did not there 'd be legislation for that . 
  they had had the opportunity to work with officials on the problem . 
  they 've been dragging their feet since 2015 . 
  edit : the greatest problem with facebook was that they did n't reliably delete reported content . 
  that is a problem that would have been easier fixable than paying huge fines . 
  this is not a freedom of speech issue . 
  facebook has used this as a shield for cost-savings . 
  they are not defending freedom of speech but their bottom line . 
  i will decline your offer of pizza . 
  my friends from milan told me to . 
  but i will accept a bribe in oil and fish . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  there was a case of a syrian refugee who took a selfie with merkel . 
  pedes took this photo and claimed the guy drove the truck into the crowd in berlin . 
  which is demonstrably wrong and defaming . 
  the syrian took facebook to court to get rid of this . 
  they declined . 
  despite that being clear defamatory content . 
  and them having the technology to remove this copy-pasta . 
  this is not about freedom of speech ( which by the way also is n't freedom to be an asshole ) . 
  this is about responsibility . 
  since this dispute between facebook and heiko mass has been ongoing with a lot of unkept promises by facebook , the legislative is threatening to step in . 
  facebook has in the past : * claimed they are stepping up their game to respond to reported content and are not overwhelmed by it * refused to make their policies public * promised more transparency of their processes germany had offered to consult with them , how to clean up their act . 
  they did n't take them up on that offer . 
  now facebook says that their staff is overwhelmed and they need to hire more . 
  which is a complete 180 to what they said in the past . 
  and they said that since they are n't media in a legal sense , it is the job of the public to clean up the content anyway . 
  this is correct . 
  and the german state is representing the public and has presented a proposal for legislature . 
  facebook has been trying to have their cake and eat it . 
  this is a company which made 3 billion the last quarter alone . 
  they can claim poverty . 
  they ca n't claim they ca n't afford to hire new staff . 
  they ca n't claim they are unable to take a look at reported content . 
  and in the end , due to their inaction , they ca n't even complain that now they are n't consulted when it comes to new legislation . 
  they have been sitting on this problem since 2015 . 
  your bet that germany will relax the stance on defamation , hate-speech and bullying online will not come up since this is a hot-button topic and frankly , a lot of people are quite , quite tired of this bullcrap . 
  the proposed legislation of course is a mess and not half as good as the better solution : facebook at least be as effective when it comes to defamation , hate-speech and bullying as they are when it comes to nipples . 
  edit : last year they invited journalists and activists to their hq in ireland to showcase , how they deal with the content . 
  the journalists were not impressed . 
  iirc they were n't even told , how many german speaking people were dealing with reported content . 
  make no mistake . 
  facebook is a european company as well . 
  the hot water they are currently is is due to them ignoring everything for two years . 
  zuckerberg himself promised action earlier last year and now has been called out . 
  they either move and cooperate or they will have to deal with legislation nobody wants . 
  and like any scumbag company , they outsourced cleaning up the german content so they do n't have to deal with that headache . 
  and of course they got it on the cheap . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/netzwelt/netzpolitik/facebook-kontrolleure-pruefen-arbeitsbedingungen-bei-arvato-loeschteam-in-berlin-a-1140287.html just to hammer this point home . 
  this is something taken serious in germany . 
  facebook tried to weasel their way out . 
  and due to those failing , we now have the threat of legislation . 
  this is 5 minutes to midnight and they need to act fast and funnel a lot of funds into this or they will have a problem in europe . 
  a lot of countries are watching this as well . 
  well , there are 3 fat disgusting flies in the frame . 
  before i agree on the pizza ^ ^ eyes ^ ^ narrow ^ ^ to ^ ^ slits sicily or milan ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ pineapple ? 
  native american . 
  yeah , even that sounds idiotic . 
  `` i 'm not native american !, 
  i 'm pawnee ! '', 
  the colors black , red and gold dominate this room . 
  i think not !, 
  rant incoming . 
  you have been warned . 
  as a rule of thumb , if somebody uses a hyphen in his nationality , he is american . 
  people who are something-american suffer a severe culture shock when they come to europe , because the thing before the hyphen suddenly means jack-diddly-shit . 
  we had one african-american be schooled by folks from ghana , mali , nigeria and somalia that , yeah , no , he was not african . 
  just hyphenless american . 
  same goes with german-americans ( a quarter german ... do n't say that ! ), 
  and i figure italian-americans will be equally laughed at in italy . 
  half greek , half lebanese buys you neither if you are born in america . 
  end of rant . 
  just my pet peeve . 
  we could ask the french to send some proper cheese . 
  the taste sensation might shock the us back to their senses . 
  no cheese from raw milk ? 
  no wonder the country is on xanax and trump . 
  also , a beer pipe-line from bud\u011bjovice to wash it down and make them dump their impostor swill into boston harbour ? 
  problem solved . 
  honestly , at the moment we pay people for jumping through hoops to get harz iv .
