  speaking of buying the cat in a bag ... 
  you should listen about germans complaining . 
  i swear to god that 3m invented post-it notes with germany in mind . 
  we leave passive-aggressive notes attached to anything . 
  even on corpse , mislaid toddlers and badly parked policemen . 
  depressed , yes . 
  but depressed with a glass of absinthe near the seine while wearing a black turtle-neck and a basque hat . 
  that 's what i call style !, 
  oh , and garbage disposal is on strike again . 
  yay !, 
  i was worried about germany falling behind . 
  btw , did you know that if you fell ill during your vacation and you got a doctor 's notice , your company will have to refund your vacation time ? 
   well , we have 28 days of paid vacation , plus 13 annual public holidays ( hopefully they do n't fall on the weekend ) . 
  there is only one german word you ever will have to know . 
  it is the most important word in a german wage-slaves vocabulary . 
  i will say it now and it will attract a lot of fellow teutons . 
  are you ready ? 
  paris !, 
  all those swarms of existentialists roaming in the streets surely are n't helpful , either . 
  do you need a hug ? 
  really ? 
  we shoot up heroin . 
  still not happy :(, 
  and they painted the british isles a few pixels further to the left . 
  no , that 's * l\u00e4nderpunkte * !, 
  chin-chin !, 
  i know !, 
  something is amiss . 
  there is a carrot/mushroom conspiracy going on . 
  what is frau merkel up to ? 
  will we become tasty , but gay , frogs ? 
  i shall detox with a couple of pounds of white asparagus and pee the devil 's piss for weeks !, 
  he managed security on ds9 !, 
  two fucking kilograms ? 
  motherloving shit !, 
  how much of a glutton do you have to be to eat that much of anything ? 
  least of all gummi bears ? 
  i 'd be puking a rainbow !, 
  it 's l.a. 
  beast . 
  i 'm not asking any further questions . 
  i do n't know if that is actually so . 
  i remember when back in the 90ies it was decided that mercedes-benz made their cars too well , which was n't cost-effective . 
  now they break down . 
  when i was a child one of my uncles told me that if your mercedes broke down , the company would take care of you . 
  that uncle also liked to pull my leg , so ymmv . 
  i once tried to sell stuff to a company which made sausage skins . 
  their r&d consisted of what to a bystander looked like a lunch break . 
  i never knew there were so many kinds of sausage skins and they sold theirs all over europe . 
  so your original italian sausage might very well be stuffed into german skin . 
  now i am not an expert on sausage skins but they did n't seem to be willing to do a shoddy job . 
  taking pride in your product is what the mittelstand does best . 
  i shredded that orange menace and have been eating carrot salad since tuesday . 
  before that i used a bunch for sauce for my meat . 
  somebody inform putin that europe has sorted out its fresh produce shortage . 
   if i want no sugar , i 'll have a carrot , thanks . 
  ummm , i think i have bad news for you ... otoh you will become orange and potus before you fatten up on carrots . 
  also , i 'm currently on my 6th day of carrots . 
  i got lucky and scored 4kg of those orange motherfuckers for 1 $ . 
  i felt clever on saturday and i feel dumb on thursday . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about this . 
  with the introduction of the ug and the help of the kfw it never has been easier to found a small company . 
  growing a small company is entirely up to what you sell or do . 
  i think we have completely different ideas about this . 
  but i am actually thinking of founding one . 
  and i do think small and long-term . 
  edit : what do you mean by `` growing a small company '' ? 
  first , you try to get it self-sustaining . 
  then you try to get it stable . 
  at all times you try to not be in any personal debt if you go bust . 
  that 's something that happened in the late 70ies/early 80ies . 
  the morons took over the party , switched over to helmut kohl 's band of merry morons and made the party irrelevant forever . 
  a few of the old school fdp people who still hang onto the freiburger manifest are still around . 
  one of which is the patron saint of the german bit of the internet : sabine leutheusser-schnarrenberger . 
  fun fact : in the late 90ies the party had become so irrelevant that university students started to join it in droves . 
  the plan was to take over the party and thus get a foothold in german politics . 
  for inexplicable reasons they managed to get seats in the bundestag . 
  that did n't amount to anything . 
  and the less we say about m\u00f6llemann , guidomobil and projekt 18 , the better . 
  publicly traded aktiengesellschaften . 
  aktiengesellschaft would n't be a problem if it were done right . 
  it is a very , very old business form . 
  the problem here is mostly one of control and being 100 % in charge of your business decisions . 
  mittelstand does n't think that giving up 100 % control for short-term growth is a good thing . 
  these are companies which have been run by families for generations . 
  or have a very narrow focus . 
  this is kinda a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  once you grow to a certain size , you are no longer mittelstand :d i would consider 1980ies haribo mittelstand . 
  it was run by brothers . 
  one of which was deeply involved in gummi bear r&d . journalists who came for interviews would famously immediately be subjected to taste-tests of the latest in gummi bear technology . 
  and during autumn they traded gummi bears for chestnuts and acorns for the deer they kept . 
  in many ways they are the type of company , germany loves . 
  constantly innovating , never changing . 
  oh , and they are also the poster-child for why you need instruction manuals and disclaimers for gummi bears in the us . 
  sorry , but germany is laughing about the us for being so gluttonous that they eat so much of a treat that they get diarrhea . 
  sugar free or not . 
  edit : i 'm not even sure if they actually sell the sugar free stuff in germany . 
  each shop usually carries 4-5 different varieties of their stuff and i never see anything sugar free . 
  honestly , no . 
  absolutely not .
