  too late !, 
  i 've already spotted a shop that only sells those things in germany . 
  funny , until last year they tried to sell bubble tea at the same spot . 
  the chlorine solution the chicken ( dead and plucked ) gets dipped into is at a lower concentration than you get in a swimming pool . 
  this indeed is the worst reason for an otherwise sensible rejection . 
  the us has notoriously bad food quality . 
  for instance , the stuff that gets sold as `` honey '' is n't even remotely honey . 
  food classification and food labeling is really , really bad . 
  in many cases it would be considered blatantly fraudulent in the eu . 
  if us food were imported to the eu and if it were properly labeled then i would have no problem with it . 
  but y' all would be a bit shocked your favorite cheese would be classified as a * coloured slab of fat with artificial flavors * and not being allowed to be sold as cheese at all . 
   the only reason we were with napoleon was that sweden was not that i can agree on . 
  germany still is a bit salty because of the thirty years war . 
  fuck gustav adolf ii . 
  honestly , that 's the most idiotic reasoning i ever heard . 
  let me guess . 
  that marked the end of that neutrality . 
  certainly not for love of bonaparte . 
  damn !, 
  that 's about the only thing i knew about it apart from where it was . 
  edit : and i had assumed it was by brecht . 
  oh well , my andorran life was a lie . 
  that 's somewhat befitting , is n't it ? 
  i only score 52 % . 
  and those i only got due to the internationally relevant questions . 
  oh , and the stuff directly related to germany . 
  sorry again , our bad . 
  why on earth did the uk attack denmark in 1807 ? 
  that makes no sense , what with everybody being concerned with napoleon ? 
  being german , i feel totally safe . 
  i feel denmark is n't that desperate . 
  it 's that blob right next to sweden , is n't it ? 
  we can be glad that erdolf has n't figured out the john oliver brand of insults . 
  he 'd totally use guinea pigs in ss uniform and leave us with conflicting emotions about that . 
   ** thank you and god bless ** . 
  fake news !, 
  trump would never use either phrase . 
  imagine you are calling a friend but get a big league trump announcement first . 
  yuge crowd . 
  crooked hillary . 
  tired of winning . 
  sad . 
  turkey has some next level shit going on . 
  well , aldi ahs two to three flavors of ketchup . 
  tops . 
  my local discounter only has heinz and store brands . 
  it depends on the size of the shops . 
  in slovakia and in germany as well . 
  i 'm not saying that things are equal . 
  they probably are n't . 
  just one thing : slovakia and no cheese ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that 's where cheese comes from !, 
  if you by that mean that foreign cheese is unavailable , then let me tell you that my local shop has emmental , gouda , nearly parmegiano and bad mozzarella . 
  if i want something proper , i need to go to a speciality shop . 
  again , i 'm not saying everything is fine in rural visegrad countries , but there seem to be misconceptions about what other countries look like . 
  comparing a local mom & pop food discounter will always be disappointing when compared to one of those huge confusing supermarkets . 
  in rural germany the big supermarkets also are one village over with the local shop being a small discounter . 
  i just scrolled over the afd manifesto for shits and giggles . 
  their captions and the text do n't always match . 
  german parties do n't simply list their values . 
  they list specific goals and if they are serious about them they will also propose how to achieve them . 
  values fit on a power point slide and do n't make a manifesto alone . 
  it 's much less about ideology than people think . 
  interestingly there has been research on how much of their manifesto parties try to achieve . 
  the number floated was around 80 % . 
  so they are not bullshitting . 
  good grief !, 
  i 'll be waiting for wahl-o-mat . 
  again . 
  solid plan !, 
  you ca n't spell * arsenal * without * arse * . 
  til i never had proper profiteroles :(, 
  needs floppy ears, 
  the scientific term for that is * arschwasser * . 
  can i just say that i find the revitalization of the french/german partnership invigorating ? 
  let 's hope something good comes out of this . 
  which it probably will . 
  we forgot about the stroopwafel superweapon !, 
  you 've been caught . 
  take that mask down . 
  it 's just as bad as the one time you ordered three beer and used the wrong fingers !, 
  then there was the fucked generation . 
  my granddad got to fight on the losing side in both world wars . 
  did n't want to pollute his home by talking about it , either . 
  in germany the youth rebellion of '68 asked their parents the hard questions about how the nazis even got where they got to . 
  i was born after that and never had to fear armed conflict or the aftermath myself . 
  europe has been living through an age of unprecedented peace . 
  that i do n't believe . 
  are you seriously telling me that people in rural areas only have the option of eating processed food ? 
  also , fresh food is cheaper when bought in season . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  most of the ready-made stuff more expensive , less transparent and possibly unhealthy . 
  i 've done the math elsewhere that if you buy fish fingers for the fish content , you 'd be better off buying a bag of frozen pollock . 
  iirc it would be cheaper if it cost less than 14 $ / kg . 
  with a pound of pollock you can make a fisherman 's pie easily feeding 3 . 
  maybe 4 . 
  prep the evening before , shove it into the oven when you come back home from work and 45 minutes later you have a meal to die for . 
  well , it 's probably just me but i do n't trust food if i ca n't tell what it is by just looking at it . 
  for all we know , calamares could for instance indeed be pig 's colons .
