  tell me all about it :(, 
  the south does n't want that anymore , though . 
  waitaminute ? 
  does n't he look like thatcher 's limp dick ? 
  how is that gon na appeal to californians ? 
   the guy walked away from his plane crashing in a field with just a scratch . 
  karma has already tried . 
  was he flying to smolensk ? 
  i feel that 's a bit reaching . 
  asshole is at german embassy . 
  gets asked if he tries to become german . 
  tells them to fuck off . 
  and that turns into `` refuses to comment '' . 
  it 's funny , but not really verified in any way , shape or form . 
  he was everywhere and we loved him . 
  i think this is one of the most beloved scenes in european cinema . 
  if i could have my way i would force the younglings to watch all his movies little alex style . 
  it is on youtube and now i will have to watch the whole thing this evening . 
  edit : i think we only got solaris from the su . 
  which was a great movie . 
  they did make a remake ? 
  it 's amazing to see how huge the price difference between industrial and real cheese is . 
  i 've made the same observation with chicken . 
  but it also tastes different . 
  in many ways i wonder what we are eating nowadays . 
  the answer to that is probably : you do n't wan na know . 
  obligatory [ ouuuh , tricatel !, 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x8kfv1_l-aile-ou-la-cuisse-tricatel-coluch_shortfilms ) edit : i 'm not sure how louis de fun\u00e8s would stand on the eu but i guess he would agree with me on this one . 
  the man was a european cultural treasure . 
  ca n't comment on that . 
  the fruit we get in our supermarkets are n't even ripe . 
  bananas being the worst offenders . 
  you buy them and 2 days later you can eat them . 
  and they become actually good once they display the first brown spots . 
  before that ? 
  oranges come in two states : unripe and rotten . 
  polands influence on pan-european ideas ca n't be stressed enough . 
  germany in the mid-19th century famously was a mess of duchies , kindoms and free cities . 
  the german unification movement had substantial intellectual support from both france and poland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hambach_festival they have an old withered plague attached to the schloss reminding of the polish contribution . 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  so it was quite a surprise when i got there . 
  poland belongs in the eu for a lot of reasons . 
  this is one of them . 
  yeah , but my point still stands . 
  you do n't save money with ready-made meals , you mostly do n't even save time with ready-made meals and you never know what you get with ready-made meals . 
  all those things the visegrad group complains about is unhealthy crap . 
  and it sounds a bit like they view it as a status-symbol . 
  in western europe , not eating precisely that is the status-symbol . 
  or people do it for the reasons i stated . 
  i feel there is some sort of latent misplaced inferiority-complex involved irregardless of the veracity of the claims . 
  the complaint of getting second-grade crap still leaves the fact that it is crap . 
  the inquiry still is necessary but fighting for your right to get fat might send the wrong message . 
  i fear for england and the netherlands and france . 
  condolences : germany ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ hit ^ ^ ^ ^ me . 
  aw for fuck 's sake !, 
  if i 've got ultravox stuck in my ear for the rest of the day , so will you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfeo0ic8wx0, 
  i 've seen recipies for nutella on the internet and i eat very , very little chocolate . 
  if i want some i usually order them it from www.pralinenbote.de the thing about nutella is that it tastes different wherever i went . 
  probably some stupid focus-tested local recipe . 
  edit : i do n't have a lot of free time . 
  but if you have some experience you can make a proper meal within 30 minutes . 
  only salads have a lot of prep-time . 
  a lot . 
  and when i can food i usually go overboard . 
  2 months ago i canned 32 200ml glasses of tomato sauce . 
  the sight in my pantry was glorious . 
  did the same for oxtail soup . 
  and french onion soup . 
  there is the distinct possibility that i am a bit mad . 
  but my grandma showed me how to make a batch of sp\u00e4tzle with 30 minutes of prep and cooking time . 
  that usually lasts me 3 days with leftovers of various degrees . 
  i currently have half a roasted chicken in my fridge which i will eat with roast potato this evening . 
  also 30 minutes prep & cooking time . 
  but a lot with that people should n't buy it anyway . 
  i cook myself . 
  and whenever i look at what other people buy and what they pay i find that i pay a lot less . 
  take for instance ready-made currywurst . 
  yes , they sell it . 
  it is cheap sausage with ketchup and curry powder . 
  at the price of one portion of that ready-made stuff i can buy a package of 4 sausages and have money for ketchup and curry powder to spare . 
  or what is it with that pancake dough in a bottle ? 
  that 's literally just flower , milk and eggs . 
  or those ready-made meals . 
  80g of mystery-meat , the rest is filler and sauce . 
  same goes for ready-made tomato sauce . 
  i can make tomato sauce during the time it takes the water for my pasta to boil and the pasta being ready . 
  a tin of tomatoes costs 0.35 $ . 
  the price of an onion and two cloves of garlic is negligible . 
  yet they sell ready-made tomato sauce at 1.99 $ if it is the branded crap . 
  i 've even started canning tomato sauce myself for the times i get lazy . 
  my point being , ready-made stuff is a rip-off . 
  the things listed as being of lower quality was predominantly junk-food . 
  fishsticks , candy and other processed foods . 
  they obviously crossed the line with nutella . 
  my point being : you will be ripped off with processed food anyway . 
  if you prepare it yourself you will probably has a higher quality and less cheap filler items . 
  for instance i 've stopped buying ready-made froze pizza when i found out that i can make a whole tray of pizza for the price of two frozen pizzas and no mystery cheese involved . 
  the inquiry of the visegrad group is good and necessary . 
  but eating processed food is more expensive and worse for you .
