  now nobody bats an eye because the industrial standards are well accepted and the outcome is as predicted . 
  the battles always change . 
  we will come out of this one smelling of roses . 
  but this is not for the impatient . 
  and that complexity is exactly what i mean when i say that the average consumer will never be able to guesstimate when it would be better to replace things when it comes to eco savings . 
  i think it might even be worst case if somebody out of misunderstood eco-friendliness buys a new fridge with a better rating every year . 
  we ca n't consume our way to a lower environmental impact . 
  yet that is what advertising implies . 
  it 's the same with the paper bag vs. plastic bag discussion when grocery shopping . 
  people assume that the one-use paper bag has no environmental impact whereas the plastic bag is made of baby seal foreskins . 
  the general population is oblivious to the cost of recycling . 
  we will have to educate people a lot more to consume less and reuse as much as possible . 
  i was assuming that such breakpoints exist . 
  yet i do n't think the general consumer has even an inkling of what those are . 
  especially when it comes to white goods like washing machines . 
  fridges should be a lot worse when it comes to manufacture and being deposed of . 
  what to keep and when to get rid of it . 
  is my rule of thumb to use stuff until it breaks and worrying about eco-friendliness when it comes to replacement sound ? 
  i feel that how we use our stuff has a much higher impact than what we use . 
  edit : when it comes to tco , that is easily calculated . 
  but what we also want to consider is environmental impact when it comes to manufacture and getting rid of the old stuff . 
  i feel , the savings are so low that the other stuff has a higher impact unless we use our stuff for a very , very long time . 
  that sounds good . 
  i have no idea what mine does . 
  i use the eco mode ( which is a bit faster than yours ) but apart from the nice a + + + + + + ( + + + + + + + + + + + ) sticker on the side i have no clue what it does . 
  i will use it until it dies . 
  i 'll reserve my opinion on that until we have reached the end of it . 
  compared to what ? 
  i too use the eco programs of my machine . 
  but i have no idea what they actually save . 
  it says eco on it and i assume that 's good . 
  but i have no fucking idea how much water/electricity it would consume when not using it . 
  those percentages mean nothing . 
  we should instead introduce a measure of watts per knickers and litres per sock . 
  so my heathen ass will probably die of cancer ? 
  me too . 
  eu standards are fairly high and the eu has also proven not to be toothless when they want to get things done . 
  how long will i have to use the eco programs for so they offset the production costs of the new machine ? 
  here 's another thing . 
  what is the ecological cost of replacing a fridge or a washing machine ? 
  the new ones require materials , energy , water and produce waste during production . 
  the old ones need to be recycled . 
  i guess replacing a 4 year old device for one with better eco features will defeat the purpose . 
  did they say whether satire cured cancer ? 
  oh , so it is a factual publication ? 
  at first glance i could have sworn that it was satire . 
  on the same page : * man buns proven to reduce transmission rates of sexually transmitted diseases * it is in fact factual . 
  efficiency grades are borderline fraudulent . 
  for example your new washing machine only reaches the advertised efficiency if you use the eco modes . 
  all other modes are the same-old . 
  and even then it still is more efficient to air your clothes out for a day and wear them again instead of washing them . 
  not our gadgets make us more energy/water/pollution efficient . 
  shifting how we use them does . 
  recycling is similar . 
  while it may be better to recycle , it does take a lot of water and energy . 
  and then the recycled materials are n't re-used in a similar way . 
  they are usually down-cycled . 
  it 's unlikely that your pet bottle will become another pet bottle after recycling . 
  it 's better to avoid waste altogether . 
  tl ; dr : we are probably deluding ourselves . 
  20 years ago i had to replace the complete control unit of my washing machine . 
  it was at that time already 15 years old . 
  the replacement part did cost me what would now be 100 $ . 
  all i needed was a screw-driver . 
  i would n't be able to do the same with my current washing machine . 
  and i doubt that i would even be able to get a spare part . 
  that actually is par for the course for the eu . 
  most of the time it does n't affect us that much and it does n't make headlines . 
  or it gets picked up by haters and spun to kingdom come . 
  i would love to see that coming . 
  i still use my 2012 nexus 7 3g and i would love to be able to mod it . 
  apart from the known kinks there is nothing wrong with it . 
  i will send in my nexus 6p because it currently suffers from a bloating battery . 
  i would love to be able to replace the battery myself . 
  before that i had a motorola defy + as a phone and only replaced it last year because i lost it . 
  our electronics can last a lot longer and all they need to be is a bit more repairable . 
  i 'd love to pay a premium for that . 
  it saves a lot of money and head-ache . 
  also i assume that these figures do n't include agnostics . 
  i would n't call myself atheist . 
  but i do n't have a religion either . 
  so i 'm not sure how to read that map . 
  looks dodgy . 
  germany was a mess until it was n't and then things got messy :d, 
  yeah . 
  but that 's not too true for the classical period which i 'd put at 1730-1820 . 
  that 's immediately before napoleon . 
  does he still have one ? 
  or is it still stuck to the hoof of that horse ? 
  not the bits behind the theodosian walls . 
  at times the coastal region of turkey was very greek . 
  i have found the perfect angle of attack . 
  since we ca n't rely on our warships to get right next to istanbul i 'd suggest we try to take bits of the coast first . 
  i 've found a peninsula close by to achieve just that !, 
  they 'll never expect an attack on gallipoli !, 
  to be fair , everybody went to vienna at that time . 
  mannheim had stopped being a thing and so everybody migrated to vienna . 
  and since germany was n't a thing anyways , nobody was german . 
  am german , need to pick nits . 
  it is absolutely vital that you hang on to that thought .
