  on the official * omgtheskyisfalling * scale from on to ten this is about ... fuck all . 
  i can already see the signs !, 
  come and visit sunny derby !, 
  it 's like ibiza but a bit crap !, 
  shots fired . 
  is n't that the big , fuzzy penis thing hanging off of russia ? 
  yep . 
  do n't go to exotic places . 
  just stick with what you know . 
  so that 'd leave sunny ibiza , pleasant mallorca and derby . 
  do n't make me come to paris and loudly complain about all the french over there !, 
  it 's going to be the tmbg cover , is n't it ? 
  edit : of course it is . 
  true . 
  now we need them to look for the missing dr who episodes . 
  they 've got to be somewhere in there as well . 
  it 's easy to look up to switzerland from a german pov . 
  but is n't the netherlands mostly beneath sea level ? 
  the only thing that could look up to it is a flounder . 
  the squiggly bit that 's painted on it is actually relevant . 
  the other colors are only used to remind everyone that we actually got the original flag in a museum . 
  here is a little [ instructional ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx51gaei_eu&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=14s ) video that might help you out . 
  glad to help !, 
  yep . 
  but you have to be clever about it and plan ahead for months . 
  if you do so you can get a flight to the uk for 30 quid . 
  of course there also is the tunnel . 
  but i 'm really sad they do n't do that hovercraft thing anymore . 
  ferries are n't half as cool . 
  well , i feel this is what boris secretly craved and tessa could provide . 
  i know , i know . 
  pure conjecture . 
  but it explains a lot and it is fun , so fuck it . 
  take it and run with it . 
  ok , to avoid any confusion . 
  my degrees are celsius . 
  so 220 \u00b0 celsius would be about 430 in fahrenheit . 
  for proper pizza you need over 300 . 
  a tandoor would produce 350 . 
  i have been looking for a kitchen-grade oven which could produce more but they are not really available . 
  i absolutely agree on ready-made pizza dough being not that good . 
  but if i am on a time budget and i 've never succeeded in making a better one i 'll do that . 
  ancient german scripture . 
  at twice of 3 bucks i can prepare thrice or quadruple as much pizza at the same time ( effort not being that much higher , ymmv ) at known quality . 
  edit : i had to use a fahrenheit to celsius converter because i 'm confused by one and not the other . 
  but if i may say that a stick of butter is a measurement of sale and a cup of flower is a measurement of preference ... the us system sucks on every level known to man , woman , animal , plant or mineral on earth and other assorted planets . 
  german press ( apart from springer ) generally is n't . 
  djindjic is truly missed . 
  but the guy with the staff and the hair would get my vote . 
  he would win every trade discussion . 
  provided it were held on full moon . 
  it 's about les frites !, 
  oh now . 
  we like watching that fluffy oaf fall over . 
  he is absolutely invited to ride his bicycle on the autobahn any time ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ his ^ ^ ^ ^ own ^ ^ ^ ^ peril edit : oaf falls over . 
  not us . 
  do n't go to berlin . 
  ever . 
  i thought so too . 
  interestingly 1 . has worked so far . 
  i had expected for 2 . to happen sooner . 
  [ close . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zx51gaei_eu?t=14s ) but not quite . 
  it is a dashing beard . 
  flee !, 
  run for the hills !, 
  that thing between you and the english is not the rubicon . 
  is it valid , though ? 
  that signature looks awfully smudged over . 
  well , she had sent those buses with that self-deportation telephone number ... 
  they gave him a promotion and made him head foreign affairs . 
  the first thing he had to do after brexit was to meet up with all the people he insulted and beg for trade and money . 
  i feel her mayness is n't as fond of him as he is . 
  edit : [ dramatization by the theatre troupe lichterfelde ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx51gaei_eu&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=14s ), 
  how do you export tourism ? 
  order it on amazon and have it delivered to your doorstep ? 
  otoh montenegro is n't that big and i need a new door mat . 
  microwaves are electromagnetic . 
  no radioactivity involved . 
  if your stove turns stuff into black crisp then you are doing it wrong on many levels . 
  if you want to preserve falvor ( depending on what you prepare ) then you should rather look into steaming . 
  there are a lot of wonderful appliances for that . 
  wow !, 
  hold it right there , buddy . 
  if somebody did that , that would cause a huge , huge stink among journalists working there . 
  a news organization has no power over facts . 
  it only can emphasize or deamphasize the reporting on it . 
  opinion pieces are completely different and easily avoidable beast . 
  and if factual reporting and opinion pieces are mixed that is in fact very , very bad reporting . 
  what an editor in chief can do is find a common stance of the organization on some issues . 
  the guardian does this from time to time . 
  clearly labeled as such . 
  that does n't stop them from publishing dissenting op-eds . 
  absolutely , yes . 
  speaking of germany journalists sometimes get in trouble with the law for publishing leaked information . 
  then some ass-hat decides to investigate them for their sources and treason charges . 
  then those charges get public and the ass-hat gets a slap on the wrist . 
  or 20 lashings on the exposed glans . 
  in fact it is a time-honored tradition in germany ever since the publisher of der spiegel was detained for weeks over a report the fat minister of defense did n't quite fancy . 
  attacking journalists happens in germany and politicians who do it find themselves in hot water after they did it .
