  i 've been saying this for some time : hordes of social workers . 
  an army of them . 
  and education programmes galore . 
  those become non-voluntary after petty crime and bad prospects . 
  also , we need to stop clumping all our bad apples . 
  state interference when needed . 
  that as well . 
  this stuff is edited for commercials every few minutes . 
  recap , new stuff , build-up , commercial ( which does n't happen ) , recap ... ffs !, 
  you could edit those 45 minutes down to 20 without that crap . 
  where are these fringe groups winning ? 
  not in the middle east . 
  and in europe , they mainly recruit petty criminals . 
  or they had had the usual petty crime career . 
  the ones who do the deed usually are of that ilk . 
  nope . 
  he probably `` was known '' due to the usual petty crime career . 
  that 's where the assholes recruit . 
  nearly all of them before this particular asshole were petty criminals . 
  drug dealers . 
  total failures at life . 
  and now they are failures in death . 
  weller is indeed amazing . 
  that episode had him infect me with the love and adoration of the renaissance period . 
  they mostly are known because they have a long record of petty crime . 
  petty crime . 
  all around loser . 
  found religion . 
  turned fanatic . 
  it 's always the same old , same old with the domestic terrorists . 
  failed at life . 
  somebody tells them how to it was n't their fault . 
  the same somebody tells them the world needs to be changed to fit their narrow world view . 
  salafis love to scrape the bottom of the barrel and their piety is n't even skin-deep most of the time . 
  philosophically unsound . 
  and they turn losers into monsters . 
  salafi info stands are nothing more than dunghills attracting flies . 
  that group has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . 
  meanwhile , the whole religion gets vilified due to one group of dung beetles . 
  affiliation has not yet been verified , but it is going to be . 
  isis will claim this in 3 2 1 ... 
  absolutely . 
  atm there is a 24/7 broadcast of the little known information , talking heads speculating . 
  all of which interspersed with on-site interviews . 
  it 's probably best to ignore this for a week and then read a lengthy article which goes a little bit in-depth . 
  cnn-style news reporting is useless and should have died in the 80ies . 
  ... and the asshole who blew himself up will follow the same old pattern . 
  petty crime . 
  failed at life . 
  found religion . 
  the assholes in the past were losers . 
  probably the same in this case . 
  absolute bottom of the barrel . 
  for this once , trump was right . 
  especially that documentary is tragic . 
  they got a very interesting topic and peter weller ( who , i believe studied art history after his acting career ) . 
  the renaissance episode is especially tragic . 
  but at least they managed to have bits of the awesome achievements shine through . 
  i think that episode was important to weller . 
  i immediately know i 'm watching a crap us documentary when they use a certain type of voice-over . 
  you know that type . 
  that fake gravitas always annoys me and it feels like everything said is simplistic bullshit . 
  they broadcast the same documentaries on shitty german tv stations and they try to mimic the idiotic voice-over style . 
  and since the documentaries are bought from the us , they mostly are some weird ww2 or military stuff . 
  small wonder , americans exposed solely to this bs have a 70 year outdated view of europe . 
  arte is very , very light-hearted . 
  the general tone is one of joie de vivre and for most of the time you ca n't feel miserable while watching it . 
  so it is everything n-tv and possibly the history channel is n't . 
  their documentaries and concerts are always superb . 
  interestingly it has a higher viewership in france than in germany . 
  to me it also is the only tv channel i watch . 
  well , via their app , that is . 
  it is also fantastic to brush up your french . 
  same here . 
  but i feel , our notion of junk food is completely false . 
  it is food with high nutritional density . 
  yet the pound of carrots i ate , which does n't come near a burger , is valuable . 
  i always felt sick when i ate at mcd . 
  because i overate . 
  belly did n't feel full and sugar receptors in my brain did n't kick in soon enough . 
  my assumption is that our food out-evolved ourselves . 
  tl ; dt : eat more veg , monkey !, 
  are you assuming my species ? 
  ok , will go to sicily . 
  will order saltimbocca alla romana . 
  edit : culture and food somehow is n't tied to nations but to regions . 
  the world gets messier the more one thinks about it . 
  i for one live in a constant state of confusion . 
  ... or they do n't overeat ? 
  agreed on the meat , tho . 
  i mean with the current nutritional values our food has we probably could live on a bite of burger a day . 
  our food is so good by now that it is very hard to dosage . 
  people always say , do n't eat this , do n't eat that ... fuck it . 
  just eat less . 
  cook yourself . 
  do n't buy ready-meals . 
  do n't eat out . 
  cooking yourself is cheaper and with time better than the crap you buy . 
  tl ; dr : our food is too good . 
  that 's why we overdose .
