  memes have always been a thing in elections . 
  be it streicher 's merry bunch , orestes is a corrupt graffiti before ostracizes or crooked hilary memes . 
  hell , before that during the bush/kerry campaign the hot phrase was flip-flopping . 
  memes in politics were always a thing and the strongest meme was the dolchstosslegende . 
  ... unless of course you want to limit yourself to froggy image macros ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkjsn-j27au not a laughing matter . 
  this is one of the greatest dangers for a democracy since it relies on informed voters . 
  memes just give the illusion of being informed . 
  if you analyze interviews with for instance trump voters and created a word-cloud of what they say you will find that that has a huge overlap with memes his campaign either embraced or created . 
  fuck you and the horse you rode in on . 
  we do n't need a repetition of the last little shop of shit-shows . 
  this one time please ignore the memes and read the manifesto . 
  and if you do n't do that then at least do the wahl-o-mat polls . 
  this is our country and not a bad joke . 
  um , if you are talking about a certain sub , then no . 
  they look like t_d since this is pure lampoonery of t_d . 
  it has less to say about schulz and more about t_d . 
  things would get ugly , once they take themselves serious . 
  i was thinking about this just this past weekend . 
  he is promising social justice to the people and that 's something nobody has promised in 20 years . 
  apart from die linke who have had a serious image problem and lack the cohesion to get things done . 
  this is why this smells of populism . 
  what could be another indicator is that no clear manifesto does exist at the moment . 
  populism or not , contrary to popular belief , politicians try hard to make good on their campaign promises . 
  even the orange one . 
  in that respect their track record is quite good , especially in germany . 
  but what you want to do and the end result is always a little bit off in a democracy . 
  so you also need to cast your vote with somebody who knows how to work within the system . 
  this is where the orange one fails spectacularly . 
  i for one know he can work within the system and i am eager to see what he has in store . 
  left-wing is exactly what the country need right now . 
  investment and looking after those who need looking after . 
  were n't those kids from mazedonia ? 
  they had done that for sweet , sweet adsense money . 
  a couple of bozos in the us followed suit . 
  had n't they unearthed one of those fuckers in the us as well ? 
  then there are the pure propaganda sites . 
  those are run and maintained by right-wing ideologues . 
  a couple of wingnuts of the afd do the same . 
  the really insidious thing they do is that they truthfully report on real incidents and in the same text include wild conjecture . 
  if you are n't familiar with how real newspapers read then you will have a hard time spotting this . 
  that was the profile of the spd the past 15-20 years . 
  before that they were the party of social equality . 
  this is the reason , why the wasg was formed and moved over to die linke . 
  this is also the reason , why oscar lafontaine left the party . 
  the spd has shed its left wing in the aftermath of the agenda 2010 . 
  all i can say about is , since i was never directly affected , that 20 years ago , nobody was rummaging through public trash cans for the deposit on bottles . 
  they do n't have a proper distinction between recht and gerechtigkeit . 
  i 'm always struggling with that translation . 
  damn you and your extreme ambiguity , english language !, 
  when will you ever learn !, 
  honestly , redistributing the wealth germany seems to have more equally is pretty much low-hanging fruit . 
  the middle class ( whatever that is ) also is eroding . 
  not as bad as in the us , but security is going bye-bye . 
  what is absolutely perplexing is that federal grants are not fully spent by the l\u00e4nder . 
  just wtf ? 
  what is going on here ? 
  the roads are a mess . 
  the schools are a mess . 
  just wtf ? 
  that 's very healthy . 
  people tend to forget that erdogan is on overdrive , since his little scheme is n't a done deal . 
  people expect him to succeed , but by the narrowest of margins . 
  the guy controls a lot of the media . 
  he was riding on a wave of popularity after this inept coup last year . 
  and yet he has to worry about his little referendum . 
  rather pathetic , is n't it ? 
  turkey is n't half as fucked as most tend to believe . 
  the existence of turkish satire is a very good sign , tho . 
  how much of that was printed in exile ? 
  ** triggered ** oh , wait . 
  they are right . 
  i 'm not even sure about fascism . 
  they were far too bureaucratic for that . 
  seems antithetical . 
  more lawful-evil than chaotic-evil . 
  so there is a rule-34 for nazism ? 
  * if there is a group of people , a nazi offshoot will exist for it . 
  you really should spend some time in the palatinate , then . 
  do you have a city name ? 
  or just the general area ? 
  i 'm not native to the area myself but when i got there and took a look it was n't too far removed from what the toscana looks like . 
  just with oak trees . 
  the wine may not be world class , but it is n't bad either . 
  nobody has to take a sip and pretend they know anything about wine . 
  it 's good , it 's there . 
  enjoy . 
  do n't overthink it . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the imf has , rightfull , so , mandated a hair-cut . 
  those bozos sent the wrong message . 
  what a mess . 
  btw , they are holding a vigil for the 16th of march . 
  no casse-cro\u00fbtes in the palatinate :( we 've got everything else . 
  even good wine ( ignore what france has to say about that ... they are just being french ) . 
  but no canadien fast food . 
  they put pineapple on that as well ? 
  polish donald is the greatest donald . 
  high energy !, 
  just the other day somebody posted https://warontherocks.com/2017/03/germanys-new-defense-pragmatism-is-not-measured-in-euros/ over at / r/de they had an analysis on how far joint commands already are implemented . 
  this is already happening on a nation-to-nation basis .
