  go rhenish . 
  yep . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  even guys like obama and trump demonstrate , how little actual power a so-called leader in a democracy has . 
  they have influence at best . 
  using what little power they have erodes it . 
  trump does n't seem to understand that . 
  that 's why merkel is so good at her job . 
  she understands it and goes with the flow where it makes sense to her . 
  her actual power being only head of government is of course quite a bit lower . 
  yet people talk of her a lot . 
  even if she is n't exactly overflowing with charisma . 
  just damn good managers . 
  i 've seen the excesses . 
  bits of heidelberg are one huge gift-shop . 
  if you actually want to see , how bad it can get , go to lucerne during the summer . 
  the place is overrun . 
  went there for vacation last year . 
  thankfully i was very familiar with the place having lived there for a year and could evade the masses . 
  some tourism is good . 
  a lot of it is bad . 
  people in the us do n't know how diverse the landscape , culture and climate in germany can be . 
  people rush from munich to neuschwanstein to heidelberg to cologne to hamburg and then off to berlin . 
  and they have seen exactly nothing since they do n't pick one or two spots and stay put . 
  if i went through the head-ache ( and expense ) to fly over from the us and got a choice of the provence or tuscany or the palatinate , germany would lose out every time . 
  the country is great to live in . 
  the palatinate is actually fantastic if you have a job . 
  but as a holiday-destination ? 
  with switzerland and france and italy as competition ? 
  oh yes !, 
  the bash script with awk and sed calls and a tcl/tk frontend . 
  sprinkled with wget calls to query cddb . 
  that 's how i ripped my cds 15 years ago . 
  now , there is already an app for that :(, 
  you know , people always say `` it was the best option out of bad options '' . 
  but i honestly do n't think that 's the case . 
  a lot of career politicians actually are quite a bit genuinely interested to serve their country . 
  even a marine le pen probably is . 
  probably the same applies to putin/erdogan . 
  we need to focus more on policies and faith in the ability to get at least some of the policies done . 
  which is n't guaranteed in a democracy . 
  then of course you have guys like trump with so many contradicting and shifting policies with a total inability to negotiate any of them into existence . 
  on top of the unanswered question if he actually knew what he was getting himself into . 
  would you want to be head of government/state in your country ? 
  i sure as hell do n't . 
  yep , fallen into that trap myself a couple of times . 
  but to be fair , i once had an intern job ( many , many moons ago ) where i had to fix sgml files containing tech information . 
  i was allocated for weeks to do it manually . 
  i wrote a combination of bash/awk and sed script . 
  took me half a day . 
  piping that shit through that took 2hrs because i did a shoddy job . 
  in the evening i apologized to my boss for the delay and handed him the results . 
  the next day they sent me off to help their techs to fix some buggy code for radar dishes . 
  sometimes programming something is the best way to do things . 
  but only if it saves days . 
  not hours . 
  you are laughing , but she is bound to figure in history books . 
  she 's been doing that job for quite some time now . 
  and it seems to look like she gets another couple of years . 
  people like her for her level-headedness . 
  that even applies to myself and i have never voted for her party . 
  do it properly so you only have to do it once . 
  that 's my motto . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the room could easily be half the space . 
  i understand the couch , tho . 
  that 's a prime make-out spot . 
  let me guess : lichen and bird shit . 
  yep , that 's k\u00f6ln in a nut-shell . 
  cathedrals always have scaffolding around it . 
  ulm is the same . 
  and they have an actual cathedral . 
  not some miniscule thing like cologne . 
  what ? 
  even more tourism ? 
  why would anybody want that ? 
  some is fine . 
  but places like heidelberg can be absolutely crowded . 
  people actually live there . 
  it 's not some fairyland to romp through . 
  i 've seen how much tourism has increased in lucerne these past 10 years . 
  i would n't wish that upon cologne . 
  foiled again !, 
  ze lazer-hamsers do n't speak polisch !, 
  brilliant idea !, 
  build austin allegros and make jeremy clarkson pay for it !!!, 
  ! 111 * sniff *, 
  to my understanding they mostly are . 
  they shave off cost on the interior . 
  and given how popular the new fiat 500 is , that turned out to be the way to go in europe . 
  i also iz an evil nazi scientist !, 
  ze plan for world domination with giant mutated lazer-hamsters iz well underway !, 
  ** unleash ze hamsters !, 
  that 's actually not a bad idea . 
  skoda routinely builds cars as good as vws . 
  a couple of years ago this enraged the vw top brass since smart shoppers would go skoda instead of vw . 
  they seem to suffer from the same disease that nearl killed gm . 
  i really , really do n't understand how vw does business . 
  are n't the cars sold in america built on the same continent ? 
  it feels silly to ship an asembled car across the atlantic .
