  and it would be a toss-up which one to get . 
  the heavily edited german one , the french one of which i know nothing or the japanese one . 
  eta it was known as captain flam in france . 
  exactly my point . 
  but the statistic stands . 
  if the statistics says it is so then we ca n't simply ignore it or claim it is false . 
  a statistic is first and foremost an indicator that something is worth investigation . 
  statistics are seldom the end of analysis but usually stand at the beginning of such . 
  ignoring statistics is as unhelpful as blatant alt-right racism . 
  no , it is statistical proof that a segment of the population perpetrates an over proportional amount of crime . 
  it does not say this is due to the colour of their skin . 
  even you jumping to that conclusion is racist in a reverse kind of way and not helpful . 
  there is something going on there and it probably has a lot to do with marginalization and environment . 
  the biggest problem i have with the statistical over representation of a segment of the population when it comes to crime is that nobody seems to care about what causes it . 
  this is where it usually stops at some racist explanation and no deeper observation as what the real causes are and how to get rid of it . 
  this is n't a purely us problem . 
  but , fuck me , if this is n't a self-perpetuating problem . 
  remember captain future ? 
  here the german version would have been the best non-japanese release if it had n't been edited to death . 
  german dubbing is very much extreme hit or extreme miss . 
  life in the future is amazing !, 
  we even get signor rossi in hd !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ italian ^ ^ ^ ^ psychedelic ^ ^ ^ ^ drugs ^ ^ ^ ^ seem ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ best . 
  i think i saw it was on netflix in germany . 
  80ies kids grew up with this stuff . 
  and i absolutely loved it . 
  bad romance , innit ? 
  the brits still are salty about something the french did to them at one point of history . 
  i swear i have no clue about it . 
  but if you ask them they will say agincourt and feel better about themselves . 
  god bless their hearts . 
  a confusing lot is what they are . 
  that stuck out to me as well . 
  the czech and slovak relationship is amazing . 
  not only did they avoid a yugoslav-style civil war , they also managed to split amicably and maintain somewhat friendly relationship afterwards . 
  with the occasional piss-taking . 
  depends on how old you are . 
  to me he will always be the guy in the parking lot with a briefcase full of bribe-money for a party that has done nothing while people dive dumpsters for bottles for the deposit . 
  may i also remind you that greece got money to pay off debts they had with banks which would have gone under otherwise . 
  greece has had massive problems and this none-help did n't help . 
  one of the italian fuck-heads before berlusconi . 
  trump is n't as funny as signor doll-hair . 
  nah , the milan gas-station is reserved for the worst fuck-ups . 
  age-old [ folklore . 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=grauniad+origin ) their kindle edition was still a typo festering ground last year . 
  german auto-correct has biene turned off . 
  headline said that kremlin told the women to wear their bruises with pride . 
  in many ways my brain refuses to comprehend this kind of thinking or accept this as reality . 
  we make coffee with toilet-water :( i really want a latte . 
  the baltics only have to ally themselves with the fins . 
  those scare the beejeezus out of russians . 
  russia also declared that europe is suffering a food-shortage because we do n't have enough salad in winter . 
  they can say whatever they want . 
  the stupider , the better . 
  we all need a good laugh . 
  part-time lobbying ? 
  i do n't know if egypt would be such a strong ally . 
  and i 'm also unsure about bits of persia . 
  the english eat chips . 
  they would n't dream of putting anything french in their mouths . 
  it 's the americans , who are undecided if they want french food or freedom in their mouth . 
  more like italy . 
  trump does n't seem like one with a love for paper work . 
  should we call milan if they have a prominent spot left at a gas station ? 
  that 's how it usually ends . 
  export surplus means that we are not spending enough on ourselves . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  which in turn means that the days of extreme austerity should well be over . 
  but we need to get rid of this shit-on-wheels minister of finances first . 
  and we also need to get the german l\u00e4nder to actually spend federal money set aside for them . 
  there 's a triple-digit million euro amount of federal cash set aside for schools which has not been used . 
  mainly because the l\u00e4nder fear the feds would meddle with education . 
  our shit is truly fucked . 
  yep . 
  seems worth it . 
  . . you seem to be a bit out of the loop . 
  here , let me [ help you . 
  because they could ? 
  imagine if the yanks had gotten there first !, 
  also as a bonus : they got pizza . 
  those are two very good reasons . 
  happens . 
  just the other day i mixed up the tay bridge disaster and the foundation of the german empire . 
  it happens to the best of us :d, 
  truth is an awfully elusive beast . 
  but it is helpful being able to distinguish statement of opinion and statement of fact . 
  when it comes to opinions they are only worth as much as their reasoning is . 
  if there is n't a reasoning in the text or if it is faulty , then ho-hum . 
  everybody 's got an opinion . 
  if it is statement of fact then it should include * who * , * when * , * where * , and * what * . 
  nothing more . 
  no opinion . 
  speculation only clearly marked as such . 
  back in the uncensored news reddit they had one of those egregious pseudo-news-click-bait-ad things linked . 
  it included * who * , * where * , and * what * and a lot of opinion . 
  so i immediately called bs since it did n't pass the smell-test . 
  well , the facts in that article were true but they omitted that this was an isolated incident from a year ago and gave the impression that this has happened again . 
  if you call something fake then you may have to give your reasons , why it is either fake news or non-news and holds very little value . 
  apart from ad-revenue accumulated by the gullible . 
  some kid in makedonia running that site made bank on redditors ' gullibility that day .
