  how hard could it be to stretch a bit of breaded pork ? 
  you are just making excuses . 
  i remember that farage interview . 
  that was ... something else . 
  that probably was n't his head . 
  even if it had ears . 
  i know the kind of humor my countrymen like ... 
  well said . 
  people are just that . 
  people . 
  they may be formed by their religious/cultural background . 
  but that background hardly is enough to know the individual . 
  wait , was n't that after that unfortunate accident with that window in prague ? 
  did n't he bang his head ? 
  like , twice ? 
  that 's the thing that makes me most upset . 
  we 've watched this thing going on so long it has become part of the us psyche . 
  she has been smeared since the late 70ies . 
  if you ask any us american , why they do n't like her , you will only hear one-liners . 
  straight out of a spin-doctors mouth . 
  speaking of which : why do people talk of `` spin '' without disgust ? 
  is n't that synonymous with `` artful misrepresentation of facts '' ? 
  and why does the us have so many news stations who think , parading a host of talking heads utterly unskilled in the art of debate has any intrinsic value ? 
  to me , they all are absolutely superfluous . 
  also , if the classic print-gone-online media could stop emphasizing editorials as much that would be great . 
  turns out , the average internet joe could n't tell an editorial from a news report , even if you printed it above it . 
  thanks for letting me rant . 
  i needed that . 
  oh , i like the honeypot idea . 
  but i would fill it with stuff that subtly incriminates putin . 
  or better yet , with embedded gay putin porn . 
  something modestly vanilla . 
  or better yet , tangerine . 
  all of which encrypted . 
  and once it hits wikileaks ... publish the keys . 
  [ betreten ] ( https://youtu.be/dbfa86btd34?t=29m21s ), 
  could ... could we just for once play the ` eroica ' instead ? 
  i like the 9th very much , but tbh , we 've overdone it these past few days . 
  or how about the ` pastorale ' ? 
  the [ thunderstorm ] ( https://youtu.be/dbfa86btd34?t=29m21s ) especially . 
  that 's such a universally understandable composition which no matter what century you live in , what country you live in , is absolutely understandable . 
  and while you are at it , skip to the start and you will recognize the first few notes . 
  beethoven was a genius . 
  edit : turn the volume up for that . 
  that 's the knob you turn up to 11 . 
  do 12 if you have it . 
  it 's one better . 
  does everybody wear a mustache and a hat ? 
  how many people ride on horseback and swing bolas ? 
  are you sure you are not in argentina ? 
  maggie did n't send those carriers to the isle of man , you know . 
  we do n't want montenegrin dick pics !, 
  and you 've got the space . 
  might wan na move a couple of sheep , tho . 
  yes , well , there probably are arguments for building the lhc in leicester . 
  it sounds a bit greek to me . 
  both hands accounted for . 
  cardboard donek is ticklish !, 
  where is your right hand , tho ? 
  are you fondling the donek 's bum ? 
  he does n't look like he approves . 
  and we ca n't see your hands . 
  highly suspicious !, 
  that 's not his palace , surely ? 
  did n't the one of florian get turned into a fire station ? 
  grosse, 
  was n't he kind of dead by that time ? 
  holy shit , til the 9th is a lot younger than i thought . 
  this is nearly contemporary to his grosse fuge . 
  just think a bit about the span of his works . 
  the revolutionary 3rd symphony strings to mind . 
  at that time a symphony had 3-4 movements , lasted 15-20 minutes in total and was a fun little affair . 
  he turned it into a long opus , required a lot of active listening from his audience and when they thought they were done for the evening had them sit in for another 3 movements . 
  he marched triumphant armies of reason through the concert hall . 
  held funerals and made everybody be in awe of his intellect . 
  i love the 3rd . 
  or maybe the 5th ? 
  the 6th , surely . 
  or the 9th ? 
  we need more beethoven/haydn in our lives . 
  edit : this is also nearly 200 years old ffs !, 
  the music is written by the guy who scratched out a dedication to napoleon after he had himself declared emperor . 
  the words were written by a guy who fled his liege and was utterly revolutionary at the time . 
  * that is something you do n't recite . 
  you shout it . 
  it 's not every day somebody forgives sins , frees people , calls for life for the dead and shuts down hell and means it . 
  if you want to use that as a toast you are morally obligated to smash you glass into the nearest wall with some force . 
  edit : we also need this in another language . 
  * less powerful . 
  learn german . 
  saint diocletian ? 
  martin schulz already is in the german government ? 
  have i overslept and missed the vote ? 
  yeah , generalizations are awkward and may not even be useful . 
  but when it comes to mallorca , it 's the place . 
  people go there to misbehave . 
  i fully understand why the locals want to get rid of them . 
  i always assume the worst of my compatriots when they are abroad . 
  my point of reference are rtl2 documentaries of tourist on mallorca . 
  i guess that 's a german thing .
