  that 's already true for high-level management posts . 
  but in the workshop i do n't see that coming any time soon . 
  i 'm quite lucky since i now have a middle-eastern grocer next door and a steady supply of such things . 
  danke , merkel the peanut idea is intriguing , though . 
  stolen from the english , tho . 
  you are quite , quite safe . 
  those filthy eu migrants and their shakira law will make all of us speak french !, 
  it is so \u00e9clair , do n't you see it ? 
  ! 1111onze edit : i thank the academy , l'acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise and my french language teacher who 's name i have forgotten, 
  i have a huge , stonking mortar and pestle for that . 
  pine nuts are fucking expensive . 
  and i have to roast them myself . 
  given the price of the ingredients i 'm not trusting barilla one bit . 
  busted !, 
  ok , i 've found a list of [ european burn centers ] ( http://euroburn.org/ ) . 
  unfortunately their annals of burn and fire disasters is n't yet completed for 2017 . 
  but i think this will be listed . 
  because under eu shakira law they were forced to . 
  edit : really ? 
  people , wtf ? 
  edit : sigh . 
  you lot are clucking huts edit : oida !, 
  sigh . 
  my second greatest contribution to redditkind is a multilingual shitpost . 
  this is my life now . 
  i looked at the bulletin board at my local work agency for shits and giggles . 
  no shit . 
  craftsmen and logistics are in demand . 
  problem is that language skills are indispensable . 
  sorry for apologizing :(, 
  ... that 's not much considering what is being asked of them . 
  so putin konfirm ? 
  klimat change is chinese hoax , da ? 
  i do n't think it 's too cryptic which backdoor we are going to get fucked into . 
  preferential treatment like turkey achieved ? 
  of course y' all would have to wear the mandatory ornamental mustache per eu law ( especially the women ) . 
  and get cash for taking in a couple of million of refugees . 
  but still , mission accomplished . 
  i 'm not sure i 've got this shitposting figured out . 
  at all . 
  montgomery county will lend you its sword . 
  would britain fit into the gap ohio would leave ? 
  i 'm asking for a friend . 
  edit : ohioan navy has a nice ring to it , does n't it ? 
  honestly , i just cherry-pick the last couple of things my applicants did . 
  after 10 years in the field i 'm not really interested in what they did at university/school/kindergarden . 
  i 'm not sure listing all of 30 years experience is absolutely necessary . 
  but still , good point . 
  the current discussion is whether anonymised job applications would help . 
  the expectation is that this would also make female welders less of an oddity . 
  or a 55 year old job applicant not being laughed out to the door . 
  waitaminute ... 
  is n't that rather petty ? 
  would n't erdofred 's next step be to hold his breath until he gets his pacifier ? 
  young kurds started going into the mountains again . 
  syria is n't helping . 
  erdogan is n't helping . 
  as long as it does n't get as bad as it was in the 90ies ... well , one can only hope . 
  the kemalists must hate the akp with a passion . 
  but what confuses me is the split between kemalist and nationalists . 
  is n't secular nationalism at the core of kemalism ? 
  awww , come on . 
  while kemalism is dying that does n't have to mean that they will succeed turning turkey into something deeply and thoroughly religious . 
  at the moment this is a 50/50 situation . 
  this , too , shall pass . 
  if the pressure on you gets too high you can always try to move out of turkey . 
  or keep on speaking up . 
  which , honestly , at the moment comes with serious personal risk and probably is inadvisable . 
  do they put erdogan portraits next to atat\u00fcrk 's ? 
  that would be more than a little ironic since one would have had the other one shot without a second thought spared . 
  honestly , who votes for those clowns ? 
  turkey is currently such a divided nation . 
  how is that supposed to bring prosperity ? 
  please !, 
  irish-americans . 
  they cling onto their hyphens like onto a lifeboat . 
  edit : i like how you put it . 
  especially the irish-american cosplay is a bit excessive . 
  do they really turn their rivers green ? 
  wtf ? 
  even the cities cosplay and do n't really know why . 
  / r/de is a random mixture of shitposts and dadaism and news . 
  sometimes interchangeable . 
  is n't that the sweaty guy who worries about gay frogs ? 
  he makes frogs gay with chemtrails from a pizza joint basement . 
  do they still have their hq in dayton , oh ? 
  miami valley , tho . 
  you 're gon na take that with you , are n't you ? 
  is n't she always nearly nekkid in her movies ? 
  or wear very revealing suits ? 
  i do n't expect too many new revelations in the anatomy department . 
  scarlett johanson nearly nekkid ? 
  i feel there should be a supplementary screenshot to that newspaper . 
  oh , i already wish i had one of those . 
  i could always look up to me looking down on me . 
  that would n't be irritating nor confusing at all . 
  in germany , mighty glistening flagpoles are usually erected by allotment owners . 
  this too shall pass . 
  weird shit happens all over the world while we live our lives since ... well , you got ta eat . 
  and the usual piss-taking .
