  i for one have doubts that it is still appropriate to laugh at the gop . 
  the potus is showing signs of dementia . 
  these past days leave room for doubt of his sanity . 
  just compare him from 20 years ago and now and you will understand what i mean . 
  yet he still has his apologists . 
  that 's the scary bit . 
  you are still able to write your thoughts on reddit . 
  you do not fear to be dragged off to a prison . 
  you are fine . 
  start to worry when the folks of morning joe are incarcerated . 
  the us will be fine . 
  even if it came to another 8 years of president sockpuppet . 
  by contrast , there 's a german-turkish journalist who has been imprisoned in turkey for 3 months . 
  with erdogan only havin an approval rating in the 50ies . 
  colbert can still crack his jokes without him in a cell and without fearing to be in there . 
  the us is inusurpable . 
  you guys will be fine . 
  it may take another 10 years , but you are going to be fine . 
  200 years and a civil war and counting . 
  this administration has got nothing on you lot . 
  there have been worse administration . 
  do you remember harding ? 
  he was worse . 
  this time , people are watching . 
  ** keep watching and laughing at the dementia patient and the party which has adpted him as a patsy . 
  ( past self would have crucified me for saying that . 
  god i wished i had a couple of experiences less ) freedom of expression is a human right . 
  but not at the expense of humanity . 
  to wit , to others . 
  neither me nor you are anything special . 
  just another face in the masses . 
  we are beautiful and unique snowflakes , defaluated by the fact that everybody else is . 
  what allows us to be ourselves are the unwritten laws that allow us to be what we are . 
  the security of knowing that everybody abides to their inner boundaries . 
  that 's what allows us to go really , really fast on the autobahn . 
  the save knowledge that either we or the others behave safely and that we have internalized the rules which make our society . 
  there are people who work outside of this circle of trust . 
  ( god , i hate myself for this , but ... ) a couple of days ago i watched something of true existencial horror to me . 
  a german tv station had picked up some guy who had complained they were n't reporting on civil war like situations in sweden . 
  they took him to sweden , exactly to the spot where he thought there was mayhem , pillage and rape 24/7 . 
  he even printed out the report of the web site which reported on burning cars and screaming women . 
  they took him right to the spot and he didnt ' acknowledge that there was n't anything to report . 
  he trusted a stranger 's words more than his own eyes . 
  it 's fine and dandy that both of us know what to trust . 
  but there are some that do n't . 
  ( god , here 's the bit that 's going to make me puke my guts out ) there is some merit in the conservative notion that ( please kill me ) there 's an intellectual elite that has to look out for those who are n't . 
  ( i 'm going to slit my wrist for this ) that 's what this law is about . 
  i 've got nothing and am open to other suggestions . 
  the evidence is far too depressing . 
  ** i will never vote for the cdu !, 
  i will never stoop that low !, 
  the us still cares and people are not randomly incarcerated . 
  watch turkey over the last 10 years if you want to see a country slowly sliding into a dictatorship . 
  the trump administration has done some dodgy stuff to the judiciary , but not on that level . 
  worry as soon as you are afraid to laugh . 
  incoming : the headline has wrong translation in it . 
  also incoming : this law would have been averted if facebook and others had n't dragged their feet when it comes to deleting posts liable under german law . 
  they said they had n't had the manpower to do so . 
  germany called bs on that since they managed to delete nipples . 
  not incoming : it 's details of the law which are troublesome . 
  far too nuanced a view , i fear . 
  the line has already been drawn by courts . 
  the german legal code of volksverhetzung has been around for a couple of decades . 
  hate speech is the wrong translation . 
  the hurdle for volksverhetzung is really high . 
  it 's not simple hate speech . 
  the law is very rarely applied . 
  socially speaking , it was coming . 
  german population was about 60 % in favor and has been for some time . 
  it was just a matter of time for this to happen . 
  if not this year then the next year . 
  or the year after . 
  this presumably solves adoption rights and inheritance rights and all the other nitty-gritty little details . 
  and of course the big whopper : fully 100 % recognized legally binding marriage . 
  ... only this headline is a bit misleading . 
  what about gay people who do n't want their marriage opened up ? 
  / s so a big gratz in in order , i feel . 
  all this visibility at csd parades has finally come to fruition . 
  edit : shower thought . 
  the very moment helmut kohl was dead enough that we were sure he was n't faking it , gay marriage became a reality . 
  he 's not even interred yet . 
  food for thought . 
  also , this is one less issue the spd can use in the upcoming election . 
  gay marriage was bound to happen one day and that was a fight the cdu/csu was going to lose eventually . 
  the timing of her giving in is quite clever . 
  i am not arguing that you have to be . 
  i am arguing that it feels good . 
  if it does n't , then do n't . 
  but that does n't mean that anybody has a right to deny it to others . 
  spitting on teenagers probably is illegal . 
  so arguments about patriotism are not needed apart from finding out why they felt like it had to be done . 
  humans are astonishingly gut-driven . 
  we go by our gut-feeling almost always and rational thought is a mechanism we need to actually engage . 
  critical thinking is harder than it sounds because we need to first recognize that we are n't doing it . 
  on an emotional level , patriotism simply fits . 
  it is letting oneself go and feel being part of a bigger crowd . 
  and there is comfort in that . 
  the tricky bit is seeing where the crowd goes wrong and for that you need to understand yourself first and then engage this rational thinking thing . 
  for me , there are a couple of tell-tale signs that something is wrong . 
  muslims are ... ** beep ** generalization .
