  i assume spending more before it has been cleaned up is a tough sell for the population . 
  also german military has a bad track record of dealing with cases of ptsd . 
  they have been bitch-slapped by civilian courts for that . 
  it has been cited that the cold-war-era top brass has trouble understanding what people who fought in actual wars go through . 
  all in all it seems like there is a structural problem in the german military . 
  i for one think , that needs sorting out first before any figures become a top priority . 
  i 'd like to think our military being a reliable partner . 
  but in some cases , top brass seems to have their heads wedged up firmly in their arses . 
  possibly . 
  germany still struggles with what their army should be for . 
  there are a lot of joint military initiatives within the eu , so hopefully something will pop up how germany can be a missing puzzle piece internationally . 
  germany used to be very good at logistics . 
  that does n't seem to be the case anymore . 
  it is an open secret that germany will not be able to reach the target . 
  the spd was stating the obvious . 
  military spending is n't only spending more money but also spending the money in manner which makes sense . 
  the bundeswehr is still transforming into its new role and frankly is struggling with it . 
  employing soldiers and buying new materiel takes time . 
  simply spending money and hoping it does do anything does n't quite make the cut . 
  also spending much on military is n't too popular in germany . 
  people would rather have that cash spent on kindergardens ( of which there is a shortage ) and schools . 
  you laugh , but i once spent 60 $ on a mobile game with artificial difficulty spikes in it . 
  that wizened me up . 
  60 $ will buy a lot of games on steam . 
  and i also learned that i am receptive to skinner boxes . 
  which is n't bad in itself . 
  it 's ok for darkest dungeon . 
  it is bad when i need to spend money to keep on playing . 
  and judging from that activision earnings statement , i 'm not alone . 
  sad thing is , pre-brexit the uk pushed the hardest for eu-wide tax reforms . 
  now it it france and germany . 
  but this thing is a global problem . 
  the yanks say they need to pay taxes in nl . 
  nl says , they need to pay taxes to the yanks . 
  the result is that no taxes are payed . 
  this needs to be tackled on a global scale . 
  also , this kind of lobbying needs to stop . 
  i know that in the us lobbyists phrase drafts for laws and those drafts will get used by politicians . 
  i have no doubt that this is also the case in europe . 
  while this may not be corruption in any legal sense of the word it sure as hell looks like it to a layman . 
  what i also noticed was how tourist commerce in lucerne changed . 
  lucerne has always been a destination and why should n't it be ? 
  but the kind of tourism has changed and it is a prime example of how it should n't be done . 
  one indicator to me were the businesses at the highest tourist density . 
  before , they had the assortment of the usual knick-knacks , chocolate and chocolates . 
  now they are also selling all sorts of extreme luxury goods . 
  the kind of which the sale of 10 items per year can keep a business afloat . 
  the tourism its self has massively changed . 
  while before it was small groups , they now arrive by the bus load . 
  at times a new bus every few minutes . 
  and they all arrive and stay at exactly the same spot . 
  once you pass the reuss you will see hardly any . 
  they seem to avoid area around the kkr . 
  the closer you get to the g\u00fctsch , the less you will see of them . 
  and they will not see them anywhere close to any art exhibition . 
  it is just a handfull of businesses which profit from that kind of tourism . 
  around the other area behind the train station it is just another swiss town . 
  i 'm not sure the argument that tourism helps keeping the sights intact still applies here . 
  if people dispersed and were interested in all the other things than just a quick view of the lake , the kapellbr\u00fccke and a few spots of the historical inner city i think that could be the case . 
  but this new kind of tourism is ugly . 
  i 'm not blaming them . 
  last year i spent a weekend in lucerne . 
  i had lived there ten years before for a year and wanted to see the place again . 
  these 10 years made a lot of difference . 
  the place is crowded . 
  it was a touristy place before but this was ludicrous . 
  if you did n't know where the locals hung out ( which i did ) you 'd mistake it for disney land . 
  those tourists arrived by the bus load . 
  other places receive them by ship in much larger quantities . 
  tourism should blend in and never stand out . 
  the question remains : did the occupiers even notice they were occupiers ? 
  ummmm , have you met one of our esteemed western neighbours ? 
  you think the uk or the us were caught in a national bubble ? 
  i also stumbled when i was supposed to believe a french thought germany was better . 
  or that austria was north european . 
  from the website : senior editor :  previously dr. picht worked as an advisor to the institute of economic affairs of the cabinet of ministers in ukraine ; at the russian duma ( usaid ) ; the ministry of finance of the republic of kyrgyzstan ( asian development bank ) ; and the ministry of finance of bosnia-herzegovina ( u.s. department of treasury ) . 
  he has taught economics and law in ukraine , and has also worked in brazil . 
  dr. picht speaks russian , portuguese and spanish , and has worked in the ukrainian and serbo-croatian languages , as well has having studied german , sanskrit , latin , hebrew , polish , and homeric greek . 
  bad bot !, 
  better luck next time . 
  is the president a good boy ? 
  yes he is !, 
  yes he is !, 
  cheap gouda from aldi . 
  it bounces , when it hits the ground . 
  we have got a lot of good cheeses and also import a lot , but that abomination is what sells . 
  that also was my first reaction . 
  cops came , shrugged and went . 
  while you do n't need an art degree to become a cop in germany , it obviously helps . 
   why do you think russia got sanctions in the first place ? 
  for diplomatic leverage to make them move out of eastern ukraine and crimea . 
  that 's why those sanctions will be lifted once russia did so . 
  this is no tit-for-tat game . 
  this is trying to make russia do something it would n't otherwise do . 
  same goes for the russian ban on adoptions of russian children by us citizens . 
  once the sanctions on russia are lifted , y' all are again allowed to adopt russian kids . 
  which , btw , makes talks about adoption with russians a lot less inconspicuous . 
   more than 8 grams of sugar per 100 ml how much sugar does it take so it is n't considered a liquid anymore ? 
  if i put that much sugar into pure water that would n't be drinkable anymore !, 
  germany has the kurtaxe .
