  i once saw one on a german news site and clicked on it because it looked fishy . 
  they had us talking points ( views on healthcare , abortion ... ) badly translated into german . 
  they could n't even give you recommendations which party would represent your views best and only managed to tell you if you were `` progressive '' or `` conservative '' . 
  super fishy . 
  as if they wanted to export their one-dimensional political spectrum to europe . 
  that actually scared me . 
  is it , though ? 
  if these foundations are squeaky clean this implies there are no political ties to their founders . 
  what they do is defined in their charter . 
  if this is within the mandate of the respective ministry then there should n't be a problem . 
  but i am really struggling to find a scenario where a donation would fit the bill . 
  if it is relief effort this usually is handled by international organisations quite often attached to the un . 
  foundations can contribute to that as well . 
  but direct donations to these foundations by governments sounds funny . 
  in what context did they donate to the clinton foundation ? 
  gentlewomen and gentlemen , i see we are all in agreement here . 
  i call this session closed . 
  funny , i always thought of them as german . 
  their music at least was . 
  i 'm still flabberghasted at them being irish . 
  always thought that was a marketing ploy . 
  say , you have n't heard of the german kelly family ? 
  this is what we are used to . 
  the clinton foundation is a charity . 
  not a superpac . 
  how charities spend their donation is defined in their charters . 
  if they do n't do that , they are corrupt . 
  that charity has been scrutinized time and again . 
  nothing too fishy came from that . 
  i would n't expect the drk to come out of that as clean as that . 
  may i ask , why donating money to that particular foundation causes you such discomfort ? 
  all his bad proposals do n't mean he is only capable of bad proposals . 
  one good proposal by him does n't automatically make is other proposals good . 
  and in hindsight we all will be wiser . 
  as long as he does n't try to grab me by the pussy . 
  that would confuse me and might confuse him . 
  nope , you are not the one i replied to . 
  i 'm absolutely sorry . 
  i know . 
  and that is a matter of supreme frustration to me . 
  and between you and me , before i posted my little rant i actually checked on him/her . 
  believes in clinton-rigged-primaries-against-bernie ( easily dispelled with the power of maths and a calendar ) , switched from the bernie to trump camp despite that being a 180 when it comes to policies and ( and this is a kicker ) is active on xx . 
  i feel , there may be some issues here . 
  lack of introspection may be one of them . 
  shitposting on reddit is absolutely ok if you need to vent . 
  that 's something we all need . 
  dunno how that works . 
  but it seems like that 's the way it is . 
  but this level of confusion is a bit too consistent . 
  so within the principle of sufficient reason : a probable no to 1 ) in this case . 
  an emphatic yes to 2 ) . 
  and a frustrated sigh to your last point . 
  this map confuses me . 
  the oddly shaped knobbly bit in the middle is just about the right size . 
  if he chose a better font , the label would even fit . 
  maybe he should ask one of his air force generals to help him out with that . 
  so they have been to suabia ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  foreign money influencing elections should be a matter of national interest ? 
  also , european election campaigns tend to be cheap compared to what the us tends to spend . 
  foreign campaign money should n't have such a pull . 
  well , if they use phrases like `` muslim invasion '' you know where they read about it . 
  i am absolutely for discussing things one has read . 
  absolutely . 
  but unless it is an actually informed opinion , that is an exercise in futility . 
  i do n't get it . 
  to me it is a matter of self-respect to be informed on matters of interest to me . 
  i would n't stop at t_d-levels of one-liners . 
  10 years montgomery county , germany . 
  yep . 
  absolutely no clue . 
  montgomery county here . 
  listen , you have never been to europe . 
  you are commenting about a `` muslim invasion '' . 
  no specifics . 
  just a big brush and a blanket statement . 
  most non-asinine european comments on us problems like abortion , healthcare , access to education are `` wtf ? 
  we have sorted that shit out decades ago ? '' . 
  at this point i am absolutely sick of you lot who are not even able to sort out the basics . 
  at this point i am absolutely sick of how you lot make up problems others supposedly have so as you do n't look like under-achievers in that regard . 
  the really sad thing is that a lot of people in your country are committed to do something about your problems and you are one of those assholes sitting on the sideline , whining . 
  there are people committed to fixing healthcare . 
  there are people committed to fixing education . 
  there are people committed to fixing equal opportunities . 
  and here you are . 
  even if they succeed and you reap the benefits you will still stay a spiteful individual . 
  whining in alt-right macros . 
  none of which are your own original thoughts nor even your own original words . 
  i ca n't even begin to tell you on how many levels this laziness pisses me off . 
  you do matter . 
  but if you do n't matter to yourself enough as to sit down , have a good think . 
  write down specific problems ( not the blanket copy-pasta thoughts everybody else hurls around ) . 
  formulate , how they are problems . 
  think of solutions . 
  think of what you can do . 
  be a force of good . 
  that 's on you how you define good . 
  but be something . 
  how about making political donations of foreign nationals illegal ? 
  i mean , wtf ?
