  we could do with less hoop-jumping ( which actually costs money to process ) and use what is saved there to help people set up something else . 
  even having a lemonade stand in front of an office complex is better than filling in forms . 
  or mowing lawns . 
  or streaming twitch . 
  or anything . 
  that 's my reasoning . 
  also we need hordes of social workers help elevate people in toxic environments at a young age . 
  have kids stay at school all day . 
  explain to them what kind of help they 'd get if they wanted to set up their own business . 
  it 's amazing what kind of great programs we already have in place . 
  thing is , people who could use them do n't know about it . 
  harz iv needs more encouragement and counseling and less sanctions . 
  the sanctions cost more than they save and suck the life out of people . 
  same here . 
  i currently am in the highest bracket when it comes to all the social funds and taxes we have and i am actually fine with that . 
  still got more than enough . 
  but to me it does n't seem fair how much gets deducted from a 2k paycheck . 
  that should be not much . 
  also given that cost of living is rising and rising there should also be done about that . 
  good luck finding a 2 room flat for 600 $ . 
  if half of your 2k paycheck goes away then there is nothing left for living or even saving . 
  and that 2k or less paycheck is a reality for a lot of people . 
  for a family with that much it requires both parents to work but that leaves us with the woeful situation when it comes to child care . 
  also there used to be a time when the cities actually built social housing . 
  they sold that off in the 90ies and rented that back and that somehow was a good idea ? 
  the result is a lack of affordable living space . 
  stuff that is built now is all of the luxury variety . 
  wooden floor everywhere . 
  we also allowed for deprived areas to develop . 
  the assumption that everybody can make it on his own is demonstrably false . 
  i would double the police force and increase employment of social workers tenfold . 
  i would have people help folks with zero prospects on the job market set up their own little business and let them keep their earnings ( up to a threshold ) while letting them keep harz iv . 
  or some sort of universal basic income . 
  the cdu philosophically still is a conservative party . 
  they believe in elites and that these elites elevate everybody else . 
  and that those elites need to be protected by policy . 
  imho the elites will always exist and will always be motivated . 
  they do n't need extra help . 
  i have to say , this one is the one most in need of help . 
  it is too crammed and too dark . 
  the swiss should call angela merkel to send over her interior designer . 
  have him build something frau merkel would feel comfortable in . 
  the swiss would love that , too . 
  hindus put those dots between the arms of their cross-thingies . 
  perhaps bird-spotters ? 
  that would explain why they have so many of those bird emblems going on . 
  in an administrative capacity , they are not incompetent . 
  trouble is , they do n't actually know what political niche is theirs . 
  they are a bit centrist , a bit left . 
  but they do n't know how to communicate their policies they want to propose . 
  for my taste , they are not forceful enough when it comes to stopping the spread of inequality . 
  they do not have propositions on how to shift the burden , working stiffs have due to paying into all these social funds to the rich folks who mostly do n't . 
  at least , none that i am aware of . 
  i 'd love to vote for die linke if they were n't so bat-shit crazy when it comes to foreign policy and the likelihood that they are n't able to govern in a democracy . 
  i know that the cdu always proposes exactly the opposite of what i feel needs to be done . 
  well , the photographer was a bit of an artiste and chose to go all black & white . 
  must have been influenced by helmut newton but forgot about the naked ladies . 
  so the motif i detect is a distinct lack of naked ladies . 
  that 's actually quite subtle m e t a e t a, 
  well spotted . 
  but there seems to be a certain dung-motif in that . 
  i think it would be helpful , if somebody photoshopped aprons on those guys and added a couple of cows . 
  if it fits , then your hypothesis falls apart . 
  always try to falsify a hypothesis . 
  those are pretty intricate doodles . 
  ooooh , look !, 
  he also has merci chocolates . 
  i love the green ones . 
  so , is he any good otherwise ? 
  i like his office , tho . 
  i ca n't help but notice the decor has a certain motif going on . 
  i ca n't quite put my fingers on it , tho . 
  is there an art historian in the house who could help us out ? 
  i feel this requires an expert analysis . 
  far too subtle . 
  yep . 
  ulm turned heathen before they could get one . 
  and by the time the heathen got bishops , they rather stayed at stuttgart for some stupid reason or another . 
  yep . 
  the us setup kinda leads to a dictatorship of the majority ( lol ) . 
  koalitions are actually a great first step for finding cross-party consensus . 
  top that off with parliamentary debate and you get much closer to a universal consensus . 
  the us system does n't lend itsself to a party system unless you want to find an unhealthy two-party nash equilibrium . 
  but any proposal to fix that would require re-negotiation of federal and state powers . 
  given how touch and go that was in the first place , it ai n't gon na happen , bud . 
  meck-pomm is already my next destination . 
  less mud , better sea and sand up to berlin . 
  in that case : look up the palatinate . 
  best food in germany . 
  best wine in germany . 
  harvest season over here is mind-boggling . 
  people grow peaches and lemons and figs over here . 
  lots of castles . 
  woodlands . 
  cities which rival heidelberg in prettiness ( which is btw close by ) . 
  heck , you can take the tram from bad d\u00fcrkheim to heidelberg . 
  takes two hours , costs a fiver and you get to see the best of what germany has to offer . 
  you can hop out at every station and find something to eat or to do . 
  i 'd stay put in the region for two weeks . 
  best thing is : i live there .
