  since i represent the investment side ( it is always an investment ) i can tell you that they have enough money for their immediate need . 
  and if they need money to expand , they will go to a bank . 
  shareholders do nothing for your business . 
  the mittelstand does well due to the quality of their products . 
  and they plan long-term . 
  the size of the organisation is also beneficial . 
  shareholders and investors will push you towards growth which may be a long-term risk . 
  the mittelstand usually is n't risk-averse . 
  but they are n't betting the farm on it , either . 
  these very often are family-run businesses . 
  another thing in germany is that all companies have their bank . 
  the banks do gladly lend money for investments . 
  those are the raiffeisenbank , sparkasse , all those non-huge-derivate trading small banks who mostly do traditional banking . 
  in the past they also got caught up in the feeding-frenzy of the late 90ies/early 2000s and lost money in the process . 
  by now they are mostly cured . 
  even the deutsche bank wants to return to that traditional banking business . 
  they are part of the german infrastructure . 
  going public is not the best way to go forward for the mittelstand in general . 
  mittestand usually thinks small and long-term . 
  thinking small still involves at times selling stuff to china although producing in china is a thing a lot of companies stopped ( or reduced ) doing . 
  fast growth is not that desirable for that segment . 
  edit : clarification, 
  thankfully he is committed to global warming . 
  a bit more ocean between y' all and the rest of the world ( sorry , americas ) may be a godsend . 
  at least the potus already is a competent flotation device . 
  i usually only have a 30 % overlap with the cdu when it comes to their party manifestos . 
  wahl-o-mat is a blessing . 
  that being said , i also do respect and like her even if i do not agree with her politics . 
  german complaints are indeed on a very high level . 
  i just wished , the cdu would be a bit more competent when it came to social issues , infrastructure and spending money on that . 
  this negligence is going to bit us in the ass in the long run . 
  a lot of the mittelstand works as suppliers for the state and other huge companies . 
  the bulk of the german economy is produced by companies with 20-2000 employees . 
  none of which have gone public . 
  if you drive through the german countryside you will see lots of small productions sites way out in the sticks . 
  the regions which have that generally prosper . 
  those which do n't do n't . 
  i 'm working in it consulting and a lot of my customers are of the mittelstand . 
  they are eye-wateringly pragmatic . 
  and each single one of them has a betriebsrat ( worker 's council ) and a clear partnership between employees and employers . 
  if you work there you can expect to work there for life . 
  unless the company hires some ass-hat mba . 
  they usually go bust soon after . 
  remember when the fdp was the party of that ? 
  in respect to ww1 i feel there are others who explain this deadliest joke of a war in greater detail than i will ever be able to . 
  mr neidell ( i love you , bae ) has indeed managed to do so over the course of the years . 
  i will spoil the punchline tho : everybody fucked up everything and millions died . 
  the great war is on youtube and after hours of watching you 'll still be confused . 
  no need . 
  they did n't score that high . 
  my german code of precision and honesty requires me to inform you that the latter part of my statement was , indeed , a joke . 
  i employed the comedic instrument of hyperbole to emphasize stereotypical traits attributed to my culture . 
  according to \u00a7 4711 section b ) of the humbuver i am not obligated to follow through with it . 
  now that i have properly eplained the joke you are obligated to laugh for exactly 1.45 seconds . 
  depending , of course , wether your nation has already codified european law which german has just tried to push through now that the brits stopped giving any fucks . 
  are you mad ? 
  that would only be polite . 
  they are in on kinky stuff like this . 
  banging shoes on tables , farting to give that flag that special flutter , public defecation ... 
  in fact , they based their whole culture on de breaking of de wind . 
  edit : we might want to keep lord flashheart away from them . 
  he might cause another diplomatic incident by refusing to shag stalin . 
  again . 
  storms ? 
  fuck those !, 
  what about wolves ? 
  they 're gon na huff and a-puff and that 's it for that wooden house . 
  american wolves have huge lungs . 
  european wolves are more for granny-drag so they can eat out blondes . 
  they have given up against our top secret brick technology . 
  would n't you ? 
  breaking wind in the halls of the mighty is sort of a given when you win a war . 
  that chair . 
  it has been though enough already . 
  first hilter 's bum , then churchill 's arse ... will this nightmare never end ? 
  and about those charred bits they found near the bunker ... those are n't necessarily hitler 's chair . 
  it looks a bit knackered . 
  could n't they have found a better chair for him ? 
  ~ ~ there 's a war on , you know ? ~ ~ the man just won a war and he looks a bit overwrought . 
  not another munster/m \u00fcnster situation !, 
  we are still mopping up confused stranded us tourists from the last incident . 
  \u00dc 3/7 would l\u00f6l again, 
  flag checks out . 
  have you tried bricks ? 
  i happen to be an expert on jokes and will analyze it with german precision until even the last one of you will understand it . 
  ... ah , yes , i see . 
  this is a knotty one . 
  it seems to be a rather obscure reference to a couple of wars during the last century . 
  germany was rather keen on performing a defensive forward-stroke against france . 
  unfortunately france had fortified the immediate border to germany . 
  which was rather clever of them . 
  germany , being sort of clever in that way , decided to invade through belgium . 
  unfortunately that turned out to be a spectacularly stupid idea . 
  everybody died . 
  and it went downhill from there . 
  since presumably a couple of churches got caught in the crossfire , belgium having developed top-secret stealth-church technology makes the bulk of the humor in that joke . 
  give me a couple of days and i will have a powerpoint presentation on that . 
  a full 50-slider !, 
  see ? 
  i knew it !,
