  the us now does its meandering search for a new path . 
  it may look insane but it will come out on the other end . 
  for better or worse . 
  smart money is on `` for better '' . 
  people now discuss things which would have been unthinkable 30 years ago . 
   dude , i am a german heterosexual grownup , and i heard of tom of finland several times and of course , the moomins . 
  let me guess . 
  he introduced all of us to the mumins . 
  edit : brainfart, 
  i , a straight german guy knew of tom of finland since the 90ies ( i blame ~ ~ walter ~ ~ ralf k\u00f6nig ) and the mumins even longer ( though the straightness as got nothing to do with that ) . 
  edit : it 's friday and i 'm spent . 
  be gentle with me . 
  that is some prime polandball material there . 
  wait , tom of finland was swedish ? 
  i always thought he was german . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  so true . 
  at times i think that it 's no big deal christ supposedly walked over water . 
  we are expected to walk over thin air each and every day . 
  i too have spent a lot of time abroad . 
  and i never used to mind it . 
  but being back in my own country where i know how things work is a relief . 
  and the one revelation i had , no matter where i went , was that people are people and for the most part they only want to be comfortable and do their thing . 
  a colleague of mine is syrian . 
  that 's a straight shooter if i ever saw one . 
  he speaks english , arabic , french , turkish and german . 
  instead of despair he is currently forming his own nuclear family and due to his language skills he has a wide variety of options where to do so . 
  you should n't be ashamed of your birth country . 
  it 's been acting like a wounded boar since the tanzania/kenya embassy bombings and the uss cole thing . 
  the manifest destiny thing also is a bit naff . 
  but the people there are , well , people . 
  they have been bleeding since 2008 and what is going on now is meandering soul-searching . 
  this , too , shall pass . 
  the most american thing you can do is being snarky and irreverent in the face of adversity . 
  channel you inner mark twain and ambrose bierce . 
  there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  all the shades of grey also apply here . 
  just with a bit more snark . 
  also , what 's it always with the germans ? 
   it be great if the reasons would be communicated better in the news articles and part of discussions ... 
  in which case you may be reading the wrong kind of stuff . 
  i 've been telling this every time it comes up on reddit . 
  back when the boston bombings happened and the ignominious reddit witch-hunt started , i only acknowledged that somebody blew up bombs and that the search was ongoing . 
  i completely left the 24/7 news cycle . 
  a week later or so i bought a weekly newspaper of repute . 
  i sat down in a nice caf\u00e9 , drank wine and read a 10-page report . 
  it had a nice timeline . 
  it had statements of witnesses and responders . 
  and it had 4 stonking pages on the brothers and their background . 
  you do n't get that kind of journalism for free and you have to make the time to actually read it . 
  the free stuff on the internet is too short for anything but the basic facts . 
  the news on tv is even briefer . 
  talking heads also do n't give you anything to go on . 
  it is hour-long documentaries or 10 pages in die zeit which have that background . 
  take for instance the guy who got himself shot at orly just a couple of days ago . 
  his father said he was n't an islamist . 
  and they found cocaine , alcohol way beyond the driving limit and thc in his blood . 
  why did he do it ? 
  there 's bound to be a report on that in some quality publication any time soon . 
  shit is too complicated for news shows and headlines . 
  edit : words, 
  i 've been thinking about racism a lot . 
  it mostly boils down to preconceptions about people depending on what group we believe they belong to . 
  ok , that definition is a bit wider than racism . 
  but that 's how our monkey-brain works . 
  it truly becomes racism if we act on those preconceptions and we hand onto those preconceptions even after dealing with an individual . 
  preconceptions may or may not be rooted in some truth , whether those apply to the individual you are dealing with is an entirely different kettle of fish . 
  people are so unique you need to keep an open mind . 
  some folk find this kind of openness far outside of their comfort zone and  just requires you accept that maybe your comfort zone is a bit too narrow . 
  is something i am totally going to steal . 
  i 've never thought about it in that way . 
   just requires you accept that maybe your comfort zone is a bit too narrow . 
  i also think that attacks like that are done by people who only need a justification and a little nudge into the `` right '' direction . 
  my reasoning is that i have very little control over that . 
  if somebody runs me over then intent or not makes very little difference . 
  all i can do is take care and that 's it . 
  getting emotional about it does n't do anybody any good . 
  on the contrary . 
  otherwise it just becomes a button that 's being pushed by terrorists and authoritarian politicians . 
  and it is up to me to deny both that button . 
  everybody has thought about how he would react in what given situation . 
  it only sounds scary , when you type it out . 
  that does n't necessarily make you shitty person . 
  as long as impulse control is fully engaged , that is . 
  close to where i grew up they constantly dug up ancient barbarian settlements of the roman era ( and of course a roman relic every 10 meters or so ) . 
  those settlements looked vaguely similar . 
  main difference was they seemed to have used wooden palisades . 
  i think that archetype is quite ubiquitous . 
  did the ancient slavs also have invulnerability potions brewed by druids ? 
  oh for crying out loud . 
  it 's only been a couple of days . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/20/orly-airport-shooting-drugs-and-alcohol-found-in-gunmans-blood alkohol , cocaine and weed ? 
  sure , i will take on all the soldiers bare-handed and it 's going to be great !, 
  at least with this brain-surgeon i can understand what went wrong . 
  they always were small-time crooks with substance-abuse history . 
  total failures . 
  then they find religion and turn into total fuck-ups . 
  they were ridiculous in life , did n't do anything in between and died hated . 
  join the is .
