  in some cases that is a career-ender . 
  it boils down to public perception . 
  the polish pissers have spun a tale of inferiority and emotionalized each debate . 
  waszczykowski raised a few valid concerns within a sea of leaked urine . 
  you ca n't simply discard them on basis of obvious ridiculousness since they represent an awful lot of people and they may have at times something worth consideration . 
  it 's a pity you have to pull those out of a puddle of pee and i ca n't blame those who are too disgusted to do so . 
  i 'd rather have journalism depend on ethics alone . 
  it is absolutely plausible that some corporate jackass at springer pushes out a directive to only report positively on the eu . 
  springer is one of the worst offenders here . 
  but the thought that government agencies could pressure journalists on how they report ... that 's an especially funny thing to ask der spiegel . 
  they report without consideration of agencies or persons and would rather go to prison on trumped up charges than not do so . 
  eta at this point i 've given up on ad-supported news . 
  i now again have my subscription for der spiegel which has an impressive app . 
  spon and der spiegel are two different beasts . 
  microwaves are not my forte . 
  do n't you have a stove ? 
  edit : you probably should look into slowcookers . 
  some dorms permit them . 
  microwaves are very good at heating up meals but bad when you want to prepare from scratch, 
  i just googled it . 
  it 's listed as 2.90 $ seems like they reduced price . 
  i 'm still sticking to my guns . 
  my method takes about the same time with marginally more effort . 
  do n't have one anymore . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant to me doing the maths to show that not cooking for yourself is a rip-off ? 
  always had that dr. oetker thing that cost three fiddy . 
  good point . 
  let the yanks have him for target practice . 
  are you sure about sparing kettering ? 
  if you only nuked the brexiters , that 'd leave basically only london . 
  and personally i 'd advise against nuking coventry . 
  it does nothing and the locals do n't like it . 
  maybe you are right about the nukes . 
  let the brexiters have it . 
  they 'd only shoot themselves in the foot . 
  how about farage 's corpse ? 
  that could easily be arranged . 
  let the french send him a garlic bouquet . 
  he 's allergic to it , you know . 
  also , you need to keep trident !, 
  you could nuke kettering !, 
  how about `` we do n't want to be in the same country as maggie thatcher 's corpse '' ? 
  that would give you both fuk-it and a civil war for the price of one . 
  and you would have trident ... 
  we 'll need to run that by the marketing department . 
  we also need a slogan . 
  it 's best if you put to a vote for the english . 
  they kno how to fuk-it up . 
  to add insult to hilarity : japan figured out how to make really good whiskey in the 90ies . 
  not even joking . 
  fukxit is your only choice now . 
  maybe pick a better name for it . 
  so this map is basically bs . 
  also it does n't give margins . 
  we all know france imports its beer from belgium . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  i took up makramee and canning food and gardening . 
  i could export that too when threatened !, 
  wait !, 
  was n't that that australian guy wot nicked it ? 
  the frozen pizza i used to buy did cost 3.50 $ . 
  that gives us a 7 $ budget . 
  ready-made pizza dough cost 1 $ if you are lucky enough to get one that comes without that godawful ready-made sauce . 
  i have my home-made canned tomato sauce . 
  i prefer to use that . 
  in absence of that buy a tin of tomatos for 0.35 $ and either slice them up or mash them while the oven heats up . 
  also you wan na spread the ready-made dough out a little bit . 
  it 's too thick otherwise . 
  empty or filled bottles work fine if you have no rolling pin . 
  you can used that garlic powder and chop a small onion and throw that together with oregano and pepper on the pizza . 
  as i said , i have my own canned tomat sauce so i simply use that . 
  salt depending on your toppings . 
  a package of pre-grated cheese can be bought for 1.50 $ . 
  but read the ingredient list . 
  you can also use cow-milk mozzarella . 
  toppings according to your taste . 
  i like to throw sliced bell peppers and salami on the pizza after it is done . 
  do n't overdo it with tomato or cheese . 
  it only needs to be barely covered . 
  that should come out way below 7 $ . 
  you know what you put on it and honestly , it 's quick . 
  prep-time while the oven heats up . 
  maybe some more prep time for the toppings while the pizza is in the oven . 
  it 's not slower than frozen pizza . 
  and if you managed to roll the dough real slim you will have a whole tray . 
  the only problem is that our ovens only go to 220 \u00b0 and that 's not hot enough for the dough . 
  dunno if pizza stones would help . 
  they are n't too expensive but it would take ages to heat them up . 
  if i ordered that amount of pizza it would run me about 18 $ but it would be better due to the heat problem . 
  imho what i described should feed two . 
  never finished one myself and had half of it as breakfast the next day . 
  edit : never really tried to make dough myself . 
   perspectives are bleak anyways . 
  perspectives are anything but bleak . 
  poland has come a long way and wo n't stop improving any time soon . 
  except germany !, 
  give it back !, 
  this looks like germany retreated from germany to europe . 
  my head is about to explode . 
  this looks scary .
