  as always , beware the source . 
  they seem to be us-centric defense policy nerds . 
  it 's a good read , but i do n't have a calibrated bs detector when it comes to that particular field . 
  this one should be right up your alley . 
  i would much more worry about joint command structures . 
  the way european armies work atm i would think that throwing money at the problem would n't solve it . 
  step 1 : get act together . 
  step 2 : ??? 
  step 3 : ummm , what are we actually trying to achieve here ? 
  yeah , well , so ? 
  you still are missing my point . 
  the claim that fleeing jews were killed by poles still stands . 
  of course these were extraordinary circumstances . 
  nobody is denying that . 
  but that does n't change this claim and it is plausible enough . 
  this is history , not a court hearing . 
  nobody needs a defense . 
  historians are supposed to state highly specific facts and prove them . 
  since they mostly deal with anecdotal evidence they hardly if ever make blanket statements . 
  and at no time do they offer simple truths . 
  if that happened , then let historians deal with that . 
  it says nothing about poland today . 
  which , btw , is the great european success story of the past 20 years . 
  it can deal with a bit of crap from over 70 years ago and probably with all the other crap that 's bound to follow . 
  that 's how nations grow . 
  yes . 
  i would n't be surprised to see one of those in an awful lot of other languages . 
  what has that got to do with the claims in the book we are discussing other than making them a bit more plausible ? 
  europe during the mid-20th century was all kinds of fucked up . 
  nobody could wade through that shit-show without having at least some crap on their shoes . 
  we could argue , who had the most crap sticking to their shoes , but crap was omnipresent . 
  i feel bits of it would rather have the french take over . 
  i 'll tell you what : how about luxemburg took over ? 
  as a compromise ? 
  you 'd all have to learn letzebergisch but at least you 'd all be cool instead of cold . 
  edit : i for one welcome our letzebergisch wolverines . 
  if they stuck to  1000 inhabitants , that should be just about correct . 
  those are villages and even your basic german village has about that size . 
  and there mostly is one every 2km . 
  honestly , at this point you could include those of iraq as well . 
  post-ww1 reorg of the former ottoman empire was a bloody mess . 
  this is one of them . 
  i 'm a bit on the fence about turkish calligraphy myself . 
  i mean , yeah , good penmanship is nice and all . 
  but would n't actual modern skills be much more useful ? 
  never forget !, 
  i think better coordination between european countries would do much more than throwing money at the problem . 
  bearded aussies in drag !, 
  no , this is about jam !, 
  but it 's hard to include them in an inner-european war . 
  we 'd have to have another world war . 
  but the yanks would want to join in . 
  we are snubbing them at the moment . 
  same goes for the russians . 
  and that guy with the mustache living in a 1000 room palace . 
  forgot his name . 
  agnostics vs. atheists . 
  it 's going to be messy !, 
  they might even have a debate about invisible teapots circling the earth . 
  the one thing that makes every conspiracy theory less plausible !, 
  foiled again !, 
  stupidity is the kryptonite of conspiracies . 
  he would have loved wilders if wilders had hated anything else . 
  wilders : * those fucking mermaids need some schooling cause dey eeeevil !, 
  * erdogan : * 'm boy !, 
  * * exeunt both , heavily making out *, 
  are you sure you are n't british ? 
  nvm the bollocks , indeed . 
  i do not see , how this is pertinent to a historian researching atrocities against jews in poland by poles ? 
  forgiving is n't the same as forgetting . 
  there will be lots of sleeping dogs woken for that era and everybody will have to acknowledge things like that . 
  again , this is n't about guilt , forgiveness , honour or anything . 
  this is a historian researching history . 
  i live in a country where every decade or so something shitty gets unearthed from the past . 
  maybe i am desensitized by this but i really do n't understand your problem ? 
  that is a depressingly one-dimensional view of the past . 
  i have n't read the book and probably never will . 
  so i ca n't say if it contains stories like that mass-murderer in france who hoarded suitcases and corpses of those he pretended to help . 
  i ca n't say , if it was a systematic thing which was heavily localized . 
  i am not a historian and i feel this is something best left to historians . 
  but what i will say is that ww2 left every nation blood-stained . 
  some more , some less . 
  that 's a useless observation . 
  people are people . 
  some will do good even in shitty situations . 
  some will do bad even in the best of circumstances . 
  some will do anything for their family and themselves when under threat . 
  that 's hardly a new revelation . 
  i do n't see how poles would have been in a different situation than occupied french , netherlands , greeks , italians ... 
  such a revelation would only threaten the perception of a squeaky clean history of any nation . 
  frankly , that 's a bit unrealistic for any bit of europe . 
  given the time that has passed it would be ludicrous to attach personal guilty to any living person who is n't at least 90 + years old . 
  well , depends , if you already are circumcised . 
  if you are not , you 'd also have to perform an emergency operation on yourself . 
  that 's how you spot the fakes . 
  blood on their pants . 
  is that honestly 50 shades of death ? 
  wtf ? 
  they did n't need any good reason to do that . 
  leveling villages is a common theme here .
