  i want my chicken fresh from the spit and my fish still gasping for water . 
  well , how that happened will be subject of a lot of inquiries . 
  also it obviously was n't her gun . 
  i personally love all those middle-eastern shop in my town . 
  lidl and aldi have crap spices and tea . 
  have you ever had cod & chips , mate ? 
  nordsee heats up their overpriced fish stuff and keeps it under heat-lamps all day !, 
  they are an abomination unto god and their food sucks . 
  they get their potato salads out of a bucket !, 
  seriously , if somebody opened chippies in german inner cities they 'd make a fortune !, 
  you are needed !, 
  sorry , that was not an attack on you . 
  that kind of thinking really gets my heckles up . 
  while ethnicity and cultural background may or may not be a problem when it comes to integrating into german society ( however that 's ever gon na be defined ) , the internet and modern news does n't allow for nuance . 
  to emphasize your point : take for instance roberto blanco . 
  born to afro-cuban parents in north africa . 
  that guy is as german as they come . 
  color of skin or ethnicity are not a useful methods of distinction anymore . 
  his music sucks , though . 
  and he is a honorary member of the csu . 
  nice guy , but that 's a black mark against him . 
  that 's a most unfortunate typo . 
  but that would also explain , how the russians got that rather unfortunate video of president trump . 
  mistakes are easily made when one orders peas from hookers . 
  an awful lot , actually . 
  among other things . 
  that 's a long educational process . 
  3 years , i think ? 
  with periodical training sessions ? 
  it 's mostly h2h for german police . 
  they rarely shoot their guns in anger . 
  they mostly do deescalation and if needs be restraint . 
  edit : can i point out that the policewoman shot the guy ** after ** she was shot in the head ? 
  that 's some serious badassery . 
  hardly german . 
  he is a 37 year old from bavaria . 
  ethnically that makes him dodgy as fuck . 
  i also fail to see how ethnicity comes into it ? 
  guy gets into a brawl . 
  guy gets into a brawl with the coppers . 
  guy grabs a gun from one of the coppers and shoots . 
  if he is brown , that 's terrorism somehow . 
  if he is white , he must be a drunk bum . 
  is that how that 's supposed to work ? 
  i 'm a bit new to this racism thing so if somebody could please help me out with this one ? 
  ... especially if the total count is dozens of brits becoming krauts . 
  361 % would mean that a couple of dozen more have been hunnified . 
  that 's barely news . 
  if at least a couple of them would open a fish & chips shop nearby i would be eternally grateful . 
  all we got are those dire nordsee shops . 
  no mushy pees :( edit : fuck it . 
  that typo stays . 
  if that is my subconsciousness speaking , i may have to seek either professional help or a political office . 
  ... and that explosion did n't make news in germany . 
  seriously , brown people crime gets way more attention and the attention makes it seem much more wide-spread than it is . 
  a couple of weeks ago i asked a redditor if they thought if it was more worthy a goal to eliminate death by traffic accident or death by terrorism . 
  the reaction to that was bafflement . 
  humans do n't think logically . 
  the reason people instantly ask these questions is because that 's the expectation of people . 
  not necessarily rooted in reality . 
  nope . 
  the majority of violent crime in germany is perpetrated by lily-white germans . 
  it 's just when brown people do it , it immediately gets international attention . 
  crime statistics are n't conducted by counting headlines for a reason . 
  anyone who is more interested on the color of the skin of a suspect and immediately loses interest after it turns out not to be brown enough is at least a racist . 
  so yeah , walks like a duck . 
  quacks like a duck . 
  thinks like a nazi must be a `` concerned citizen '' . 
  only when the tower ravens fly away , fighting over her last remaining fingerbone . 
  you need to go full cromwell on people like thatcher . 
  posthumous execution or bust . 
  the problem was less the way those blocks were built but how they got neglected . 
  some also turned turned into slums because city planners did n't know how to deal with that or did n't care . 
  in my city there is such a block that was built with high expectations . 
  the lower floor was some sort of urban plaza with a cinema , swimming pool , city offices , a museum and shops . 
  the swimming pool got shut down and the whole inner plaza was neglected because nobody wanted to invest in the manpower to keep it alive . 
  if you do n't put effort into a community you will have none . 
  neglect breeds slums and we have known about the tragedy of the commons for such a long time that we ca n't feign ignorance anymore and have to admit to apathy . 
  but they both are printed on very absorbent paper . 
  at least they know what they are . 
  wicked !, 
  what 's his field of art ? 
  painting ? 
  sculpturing ? 
  interesting . 
  i always thought he was in it for the money . 
  well , at least europe pondered the existential question how much that fish did cost initially . 
  factor in depreciation and inflation one wonders , what the resale value now is . 
  they use `` kampf '' and `` schlacht '' a lot in game marketing . 
  `` deine schlacht '' would have worked nicely . 
  but `` your fight '' will do . 
  `` dein kampf '' otoh would have raised a couple of eyebrows and depending on what el donald tweetet might even have been used to fill a couple of newspaper pages . 
  wise choice . 
  do n't talk like that . 
  things are changing . 
  they are changing slowly , but they are . 
  i 've lived through a couple of `` crisis '' of the us and the only threatening thing was that a lot of folk did n't hear the las gasp of industry . 
  where the top fails , the bottom takes up the slack . 
  federally speaking , a lot of cities ( and states ) are now in open rebellion against this bs . 
  and if legal subversion can work on that level that means there 's hope .
