  the bad distribution of wealth is a societal problem . 
  that one will be harder to fix . 
  i shall defend the komparativ and the dativ with my last breath . 
  yep , the us is all kinds of fucked-up . 
  that 's their problem . 
  it does n't want to look at europe and how we have these things figured out since generations . 
  everybody has health-care . 
  education is mostly accessible . 
  ongoing work . 
  working classes in your marxist-leninist sense do n't exist anymore and labour as such is rapidly losing its validity as a form of income . 
  this is an ongoing discussion . 
  i fail to see your point . 
  people have fun and all you do is point at unsolved problems while ignoring that societies are capable of multi-tasking and doing a lot of things at once . 
  yeah , well , the folks in my town would probably punch you on the nose for calling them bourgoise because they do n't take too kindly at being confused with them posh words . 
  quit your faux-lewronggeneration pseudo-revolutionary bs . 
  it 's not 1917 , you know . 
  this is europe . 
  we stopped living on and in turnips some time ago . 
  yeah , i get what you mean . 
  the floats are kinda tame and obvious this year . 
  they were relatively kind to kaczynski . 
  and donnie-boy seems to have grown facial features this year . 
  last year he only was a giant butt . 
  they build it themselves . 
  which kind of is the point . 
  how do you become bundeskanzler in the country you just broke off from ? 
  bavaria is such an odd hodge-podge they 'd not break away entirely but in pieces . 
  and that bits which would come off would n't be able to survive without austria . 
  who probably also do n't want it . 
  i on the other hand find it instantly recognizable and rather fitting . 
  mick ronson got one in hull . 
  bowie gets one in london . 
  berlin and nyc to follow , for sure . 
  i 'm also not sure that would fly in frankonia and suabia and munich and all the other non-native bavarian regions . 
  they 'd only leave with a couple of dodgy politicians , farming equipment and franz-josef strauss memorabilia . 
  good luck dealing with the blue card bs if you are not from within the eu , tho . 
  if that did n't exist there would be no no feasible similar programme in germany . 
  there are noises made about restricting temp agencies here in germany . 
  we just need to stop voting for the cdu/csu . 
  we imported one from iran . 
  between the bs between european red tape and shenanigans at the embassy in iran that took quite a long time . 
  basically anybody who is qualified and motivated to learn the language has a good chance in germany . 
  depending on your field of employment . 
  and no , atm we are not hiring . 
  the problem is that germany has no proper immigration policie since the ruling party has refused to classify germany as an immigration target . 
  no joke . 
  your best bet is to simply look for a job . 
  that 's what the eu is for . 
  a guy claims he was anally penetrated with a police baton . 
  police claim it either did n't happen or was an accident . 
  official response was not too cleverly construed . 
  now an initial protest turned into a riot . 
  underlying tensions were high as is . 
  this was just the spark which set it off . 
  they are not . 
  the locals are in constant competition with the heathens of the village 2km over . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  in fact , i 'm quite surprised there are only so few words for the same thing in local dialects . 
  i once called it a `` frikadelle '' in bavaria and was met with confusion and hostility . 
  asked for a pils instead . 
  take your upvote and leave !, 
  has anybody told him yet ? 
  honestly , this is not a language but one babylonian confusion at the baker 's . 
  once you have mastered that you can transcend to the next level ... at the butcher 's . 
  the black forest is severely overrated . 
  the palatinate !, 
  that 's where it 's at !, 
  the german head of state is largely the same . 
  the us is a bit odd for having the head of government also be the head of state . 
  had n't they been eaten by sharks ? 
  i approve of most of them and my apply them myself . 
  allah also does n't have x-ray vision . 
  he wo n't see your glass of raki if you hold it under the table . 
  a friends dad enlightened me on this bit of advanced theology . 
  absolutely . 
  they are racists and fascists because that 's the way of least intellectual resistance . 
  or maybe simple trolls . 
  i ca n't tell the difference anymore . 
  they seem to have fears yet they do n't quite manage to articulate them anymore . 
  like some lovecraftian degenerate hillbillies they devolved beneath articulate speech . 
  or maybe simple trolls . 
  i ca n't tell the difference anymore . 
  edit : it just occured to me that after a day 's glass of wine i do become a pompous asshole . 
  i posit that exercising understanding and patience requires some effort and sobriety . 
  at whitch case i may be a simple troll . 
  i ca n't tell the difference anymore . 
  at least that feeling is mutual . 
  we might be reaching dangerously common ground . 
  i 've been thinking about petty crime a lot , lately . 
  a guy took it upon himself of robbing a bakery in my city . 
  got away with a few hundred bucks . 
  somebody snatched a cellphone . 
  another one stole copper wire . 
  all that has an awful risk/reward ratio and is n't exactly effortless . 
  the way things are moving i think it is indeed social pressure that makes people think that 's their best way to earn a buck . 
  we 've been optimizing and automating a hell of a lot of jobs over the last few decades . 
  200 or so years ago most of the populace ( let 's say 80 % ) worked directly in food production . 
  mostly agriculture . 
  for a lot of countries this figure will probably be less than 10 % today . 
  yet we are not starving .
