  and since i do n't have kids , this is how it should be . 
  for a family paying that much is of course beyond idiotic . 
  and for sub-2 .2 k incomes to have total deductions of 50 % is beyond ridiculous . 
  yet if you are lving off diividends , rent and intrest you would n't pay as much . 
  how is that reasonable . 
  even the imf says , germany has it bass-ackwards . 
  yeah , the cdu is a bit of a mixed bag . 
  parts of them still pine for kinder , kirche , k\u00fcche . 
  and when it comes to social issues then they think absolutely short-term . 
  i do n't even think we need to spend more on social issues . 
  i think we need to spend smarter . 
  and a huge problem here are the l\u00e4nder . 
  it 's been some time so i ca n't send you a link but there is federal money not used on education because the l\u00e4nder fear that the bund would want to have a say if they took it . 
  if this indeed were the case then it would be time to throw a hand grenade into the current arrangement . 
  also there is federal money not used on local government level . 
  for roads for instance . 
  because they fucking do n't have the planning capacity to spend that money . 
  so we need to hire administrators on that level . 
  great . 
  i feel that in this federated clusterfuck we love to call our home we could streamline things a lot . 
  not go full retard like the frenchies ( no offence ) but we need to streamline a lot . 
  it really should n't matter where you live when it comes to social services and education . 
  this fucking differs from city to city . 
  what are we ? 
  some kind of euro americans ? 
  yes . 
  they will be . 
  and we will have to do a better job integrating them into our society . 
  rifts like that are n't a necessity . 
  they are absolutely avoidable . 
  the damage that is already done can be solved with education programs , hordes of social workers and will avoid cost in the long run . 
  the same mistakes are being repeated . 
  we now know what had been done wrong in the first place . 
   that cabinet can also be seen as one of the main reasons for the rising inequality : i 'll see your * can * and raise you a * has to * . 
  societal shifts do n't happen over night . 
  the way hartz iv is being implemented probably is the major contributing factor . 
  the administration before that got reduced taxation of property/rent income/income from having money . 
  that 's the other part of the equation . 
  but even with the way things currently are : hartz iv is bad due how it is implemented . 
  people at the \u00c4mter are told not to tell their clientele what they are entitled to . 
  anecdotal epic rant incoming i rarely watch tv . 
  i never watch rtl2 . 
  last time i did they sent a reporter to follow a single mother . 
  she lived above some kind of garage in a one-room apartment with her son . 
  in the morning she had a job selling stuff at a bakery . 
  in the afternoon she looked after her son . 
  homework . 
  food . 
  in the evening she waited at bars and clubs . 
  her income was n't enough to move into a bigger apartment . 
  that woman had an 18hr day . 
  she did that because she wanted to be an example for her son and not live the harz iv lifestyle . 
  yet her 18hr day did n't pay for the life you 'd expect from that kind of effort . 
  they got her in touch with people who could point her to the right programs so she could ditch her evening job . 
  that single mother did n't know what help she was entitled to because nobody told her . 
  the money is there . 
  the programs are in place . 
  but they are not promoted . 
  what struck me most is that when i was in school , all the books were provided . 
  i got them at the beginning of the year , scrawled my name into the stamp on the first page and returned it at the end of the year . 
  turns out , you need to buy them now . 
  wtf ? 
  if it were up to me we would hire hordes of social workers , offer afternoon tutoring for all kids for free , pay our language teachers a living wage and for crying out loud appreciate the people who provide such services a whole lot more . 
  our lot rather keeps the purses tight , complain about kids not living up to expectations and pay for the damage done . 
  just how fucking stupid are we ? 
  if i had any confidence in die linke and they were n't that bat-shit crazy when it comes to foreign policy and they in fact were what the spd used to be then i 'd vote for them . 
  i want my sozis back . 
  the name schr\u00f6der triggers me harder than you 'd think . 
  but it also is the way we do our shit on the low level is something we could do a whole lot better without changing any laws but simply by acting like fucking human beings with some care for our future . 
  my mother was in a similar situation back in the 80ies . 
  yet she managed to send both kid to university , did n't have to worry about school books ( the other stuff still was expensive , tho ) and i wonder if she would have been able to do so 30 years later . 
  depressingly the answer to that is probably no . 
  so goddamit , i owe my mother and my country . 
  and i owe my country to be mad as hell about the shit we are currently fucking up . 
  end of rant, 
  well , the riots were mostly second/third generation immigrants , so yes . 
  you did . 
  do n't conflate separate issues even if they involve people of similar skin tone . 
  nope . 
  those are the lower social strata without any perspective or hope rioting every once in a while . 
  those are not refugees but 2nd or even 3rd generation immigrants who have n't found their footing . 
  at that point once you are born in the country you should have the same opportunities as your compatriots . 
  why that is n't so is best left to sociologists . 
  which you and me both are n't . 
  something is wrong here , indeed , but you suggest that 's inherent to their ethnicity . 
  and i say that 's probably a lot more complicated than that . 
  nope , it is n't . 
  if we have to have religions ( i say we do n't , but i may be full of shit ) then we need them in a way that 's compatible with modern life . 
  it feels like we wrestled the modern age from the jaws of the customs of the past . 
  yes , i 'm taking that metaphor and i am running with it . 
  we 've mostly de-moronized christianity , we may have to do the same with islam . 
  and that 's not an easy thing to do for a laizistic country like germany . 
  what newcomers do n't understand is that we are not uncomfortable with their religion . 
  we are uncomfortable with their public display of it . 
  also different rules for women and men go against everything we 've been doing these past 50 years . 
  there are folks who absolutely fit in even although they are religious . 
  others do n't . 
  but that 's mostly a cultural problem . 
  there 's another thing going wrong and that 's even more painful because that happened in germany over generations . 
  that 's the toxic pseudo-masculinity of a subset of lower strata ethnic turks .
