  just you wait . 
  the kiwis will be on his list as well . 
  if he does n't forget about you lot . 
  or he may think he has you covered when he hates on australia . 
  is that grounds enough for a declaration of war against the us ? 
  they must be referring to his hands . 
  you forgot about australia . 
  they 're on his list as well . 
  at this point i would worry if i were n't on his list . 
  * o noes !, 
  we are not on his list !, 
  were did we go wrong ? 
  * * sobs *, 
  * - hello ? 
  umm , i 'm calling for verification about this ban ... * * - yes , this is bannon speaking . 
  you heard correctly . 
  proceed . 
  * * shudder * the country went to hell in a handbasket in the year 2000 . 
  turns out , threatening to not honour deals between nations erodes trust . 
  that 's good business practices , somehow ? 
  i think that these past few decades were the best poland had for a better part of the last 100 years . 
  and it is gaining momentum . 
  that 's due to the efforts of people in poland and not of the pissants , of course . 
  a friend of mine who i met at university oh so many years ago used a bit more colourful language to describe them . 
  he is from izmir , so they might naturally weave goats into casual conversation . 
  i do n't know . 
  the us should latch onto the schulz-train . 
  that 's high powered !, 
  he said that ** when hybrid empires are rising , the dominant sea empire is becoming allied with the dominant land empire . 
  if eu continues to integrate and china continues to rise , then us naturally has to become allied with russia and china will become a natural ally of eu . 
  ** dunno what it 's about . 
  do n't play eu . 
  and have taken my meds . 
  soooo ... we will be at war with the zerg and the protoss ? 
  dammit !, 
  is kissinger still alive ? 
  so ... somesing liek sis ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xutle90j7n8 tim mcinnerny and chris barrie were absolutely taking the piss in this one . 
  je ne parle pas fran ( goddamit , where 's the squiggly c ? ) ais . 
  used to be better . 
  the surviving half of the potato brothers does n't help . 
  i think hardly anybody knows that poland is the european success story . 
  oh the fun there is to be had when something happens in that region of the world . 
  there are so many protests pro/contra turkey you can get easily confused . 
  a lot of these protest consist of about 20 freezing people looking miserable and as many cops to bolster their ranks . 
  whenever i go past them i feel like i should give them a hug . 
  they need it . 
  and it would make stealing their wallets easier . 
  regulations are there to detect fraud . 
  and when it comes to gambling , fraud needs to be defined first . 
  i think nevada for instance requires slot machines to have a payout of at least 60 % and audits everything . 
  this is n't about morals . 
  this is about trusting and verifying the trust is warranted . 
  what you propose is leaving things to themselves and hope for the best outcome . 
  even las vegas does n't do that . 
  see , this mindset is part of the problem . 
  just this week a civilian court found that the bundeswehr was not adequately dealing with these issues . 
  this was due to a solider having to sue them into recognizing that mopping up your comrades while under fire will lead to ptsd . 
  it was also noted , by a civilian court , that the bundeswehr will have to find ways to deal with things like these without soldiers having to sue them first . 
  this is one of the symptoms . 
  the other ones i have already cited . 
  and i avoided the low-hanging fruit like weaponry ( g36 ) which may or may not have been up to code . 
  the bundeswehr has structural issues . 
  working these out takes time . 
  one does n't simply throw money at structural problems and hopes they might then go away . 
  well , for instance for mopping up your comrades while under fire ? 
  where have you been these last 15 years ? 
  so that gets rid of the people who think singing the horst wessel lied is appropriate , top brass still being caught in a mind-set straight out of the cold-war era , the military still not having set up proper procedures to deal with people with ptsd , the bundeswehr still struggling with defining what their role should be in conjunction with all the other european armies ( which is ongoing , btw ) ... all this will go away when a large check is signed over ? 
  what you want is spending for spending 's sake . 
  what i want is an army which has a defined role . 
  will they be reconnaissance ? 
  will they be logistics ? 
  will they be a fighting force ? 
  what part of the puzzle will they be ? 
  it is foreseeable they will always work in conjunction with other armies . 
  i have n't seen any audits of games if their loot boxes , car packs or anything are indeed fair . 
  you assume that there are no scams . 
  they are not audited because there are no regulations . 
  it 's nice that scams are forbidden . 
  those that became public knowledge have become so because they got caught by coincidence . 
  in the case of the skin gambling sites it was a dev who made public he had to build in the back door . 
  you hope , nothing similar exists for cs : go itself or hearthstone . 
  i still do n't see what harm oversight could do . 
  concerning minors and gambling : if minors buy card packs with the credit card of their parents it is a crap-shot if that money is returned . 
  depends on the store front . 
  should depend on the law . 
  not quite that easy . 
  unless you believe in throwing money at a problem , hoping that makes it vanish . 
  umm . 
  i 'm sure a lot of socio-economists would love to give advice . 
  this one complains that nobody listened and the downturn that 's already on its way has been foretold and is n't unprecedented . 
  i 've read that thing . 
  it offers little advice . 
  he seems to know what he is talking about and has a lot more credentials than messrs johnson and farage have . 
  i absolutely agree that ms may should listen to sound economic advice . 
  i 'm not sure she is listening . 
  but i am absolutely certain she is being advised . 
  we all do n't know when the british economy will recover from this . 
  fact is , there already is a slump . 
  all sings point to this becoming worse .
