  if you applied it to huge masses in space , you will be swallowed up by a black hole . 
  i am not at all confident about my bias . 
  but i know that i will always question my bias before i commit something to peer review . 
  whenever i want to explain a scientific answer to a layman i always direct them to / r/askhistorians . 
  they get asked a lot of broad questions and give answers which are not at all broad but rather nuanced bit of knowledge if a good portion of uncertainty attached to it . 
  let 's talk about climate change for a moment . 
  will the earth heat up ? 
  highly likely according to most models . 
  by what amount ? 
  various answers with a certain degree of uncertainty . 
  what will it mean for europe ? 
  you know what , it might actually cool down a bit due to the gulf stream being diverted . 
  this is , of course , not at all my field , but from what i read it seems to be a highly complex problem and local changes are a bit of a coin toss . 
  and i know i would have to contribute at least a year of my life to even understand the least of it . 
  i 'm all in for your tl ; dr. 
  but we at least try to stay away from our biases because we care . 
  unless you are andy wakefield . 
  in which case , fuck you . 
  ah , no worries . 
  i also produce walls of text . 
  full disclosuer : until a very young age it was up in the air if i would become a buckeye or stay german . 
  so i am not totally unfamiliar with the us . 
  swore fealty to the flag and felt like i was off the hook when you lot took down carter 's portrait and stuck the other guy up there . 
  however , that being said and you being a bernie guy : you lost out on hilary clinton . 
  popularity is not what is important when it comes to get things done . 
  she was in fact one of the few who could actually sort things out with the opposition . 
  while sanders sounds nice and he - as i - is a social democrat is of course absolutely correct , he would n't have gotten shit done . 
  what you now see is that the power of the potus is actually laughable . 
  what he has is influence . 
  but actual power not so much . 
  obama used his power sparingly since he new it was n't a renewable resource and always went the influence route . 
  sanders would n't have fit that role . 
  he is absolutely vital on the side-lines . 
  trump will not start death camps . 
  he will try to make live difficult for people who are n't wasps . 
  and he will fail . 
  tell tehm to stop watching tv for a week . 
  that includes colbert who is currently perfecting his trump strawman as is noah . 
  tell them to stop reading opeds online for a week and only read the factual pieces and those only sparingly . 
  they need to calm the fuck down and go on a news diet . 
  and as for you , i think you really need to read all of [ this ] ( https://www.congress.gov/congressional-record/2017/7/25/senate-section/article/s4168-2 ) . 
  all of it . 
  that was right after tuesday 's vote on the senate floor . 
  mccain 's speech and the reaction to it . 
  i 've watched colbert before i read that . 
  colbert made it sound like a shit show . 
  the whole transcript reads like a triumph for democracy . 
  mccains 's speech and durbin 's speech are worth your while . 
  believe me , it will give you back your trust in the usa . 
  trump does n't matter . 
  the institutions of the us will outlive him and you and i. 
  nothing about us news channels is moderate . 
  the way they report on issues is excessively atrocious . 
  i wished they rethought their talking-head panel shout-fest thing and stopped covering while there are n't any new developments . 
  the us needs to catch its breath . 
  if the lot of them stopped broadcasting for a week it would all be for the better . 
  i know . 
  what i wrote about was confirmation seeking and that even is n't my idea . 
  there is a pod cast which could help you put names to these phenomena and help you understand them . 
  as explained by psychologists and sociologists . 
  [ this ] ( https://youarenotsosmart.com/2017/07/20/yanss-103-desirability-bias/ ) is about confirmation bias . 
  further down the rabbit hole you will also find pieces on how people make beliefs a part of their identity and how to help them get rid of that baggage . 
  the discourse has been poisoned beyond belief . 
  we have people who attack mccain even if he acted with integrity . 
  lately i feel uneasy when watching colbert . 
  he has created a perfect strawman for trump and attacks that strawman relentlessly . 
  remember when trump said that sessions taking the job was unfair to the president . 
  trump clearly meant the office , not himself . 
  it was poorly phrased and even more poorly argued , but colbert willfully misinterpreted that . 
  you do n't need to willfully misinterpret trump . 
  the man is an ass even if you give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  the us needs less passion and more cold analysis in its politics . 
  back in the 90ies people argued that german politics should be as exciting as the one in the us . 
  thankfully it is n't . 
  and you know what ? 
  the us will come out of this . 
  shaken . 
  wiser . 
  it survived huac , teapot domes , nixon . 
  the current phase will be a footnote . 
  they pick a text - any text - which gels with them and pass it around . 
  i 'm currently explaining to a guy over at / r/de that , no , john mccain did not vote for the repeal of obamacare . 
  he did in fact vote for moving the debate forward and immediately called for a bi-partisan overhaul of the bill and reminded the senate that that 's what the senate was for . 
  that guy honestly quoted a poorly worded oped which would have implied mcc had reneged on his word . 
  simply because it fits the narrative . 
  at the end of this poorly worded oped the author even spelled out the ( r ) s who voted against . 
  the oped appeared in a german newspaper of some repute . 
  i btw like mcc 's speech . 
  people run around and only look for confirmation of their opinion , not for information . 
  and if they find information , they ca n't tell if it is good or bad and at this point do n't even seem to care anymore . 
  science is never to be political . 
  and they did n't prove anything using any scientific method . 
  when you say today 's science were biased you surely mean it does n't come up with results you 'd like ? 
  also , there are a lot of scientific fields with various methods . 
  i assume you are speaking of the natural sciences which , among other things use the age old * observation * - * hypothesis * - * test prediction based on hypothesis * - * test * - * develop theory * approach . 
  the only bias in that is what gets researched or peer reviewed . 
  reporting and interpretation of scientific results is biased . 
  science is n't . 
  unless it is fraudulent , in which case it will be eventually be uncovered . 
  like mr wakefields little results for cash scheme .
