  rule of thumb is : if you ask a scientist and you get a short answer then either the question was dumb or the answer is wrong . 
  well , that frogist who got called out for his anti-cnn meme claimed that it was n't his actual belief . 
  so who is serious over there ? 
  what 's the difference between a troll and satire ? 
  intent ? 
  technique ? 
  sofistycation ? 
  you mean people who think that this `` aryan '' thing is both valid and important ? 
  they are in error . 
  if that 's culture it is n't even constitutional in germany . 
  culture is not at stake in either that video or elsewhere in germany . 
  you are right . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  most texts and videos are easily identified as satire even to the less than discerning eye . 
  except for t_d . 
  that really confuses me . 
  yep . 
  we live in odd times when people take satire verbatim . 
  what 's next ? 
  quoting the onion as proof for ones theories ? 
  to make fun of the notion ? 
  laughter is the best way to deal with something ridiculous . 
  also , it is fun . 
  he 's a time traveler from a parallel dimension . 
  his hitler was tall and blonde . 
  you do n't get it ? 
  `` aryan '' is n't and never was a thing . 
  this is neither making fun of germany nor germans but of people who think that `` aryan '' means anything . 
  that 's ok . 
  the idea of `` aryan '' was n't scientific , either . 
  no such thing . 
  yep . 
  that video is fake news . 
  no aryans in it at all !, 
  not even ayran !, 
  no , we probably ca n't within a reasonable time frame . 
  but that is an ill excuse to deny help to the who can be helped . 
  who that is and what this help looks like is a matter of political discourse . 
  the above stands true as a guiding principle regardless of the outcome of that process . 
  and that process never is complete . 
  categorically not being willing to help others warrants further investigation into psychopathy . 
  we will always find people living less pleasant lives than ourselves . 
  if we have the resources ( which we probably have ) i feel we are a bit obligated to help them . 
  it helps with shaving if you can look at yoursself in a mirror . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm not sure england has been reminded of that , lately . 
  russians , swedes and plague . 
  dare i say we live in blessed times ? 
  so , absinthe drinking pseudo-intellectuals ? 
  are you telling me they are all proto-hipsters ? 
  amen to that . 
  say , did you lot have any trouble with oliver cromwell ? 
  for some reason he could n't quite manage to ravage my country . 
  which is odd since seemingly he went everywhere else . 
  good god !, 
  the problem with american cheese is that it is n't american cheese , which gives it a bad name in general ? 
  yeah , that brand name stands no chance to pass eu regulation or they would need to learn how to make cheese . 
  i think that stilton might not be a problem at all . 
  american cheese may be able to produce and export that in any way they so choose . 
  ok , the region i currently live in was mostly razed by tilly . 
  so fuck that asshole . 
  the region i grew up in was ravaged by gustav adolf ii . 
  so fuck that guy . 
  at least he died shortly after of terminal assholeritis . 
  edit : people in that region said that after the swedes only one in four was left alive . 
  i may have to steal it . 
  is it property of the czech people ? 
  i think it 's due to the limited space available . 
  just one person per square mile allowed !, 
  if finland took in a lot of immigrants it would be legally mandated to invade russia and sweden and possibly even norway . 
  that 's also what i thought . 
  i think they identify as germans . 
  sorry for the mess . 
  our bad . 
  what if they are only in holland ? 
  has anybody checked with mr. wilders ? 
  he knows these things !, 
  on second thought , the circle is just on top of holland . 
  nevermind . 
  carry on . 
  they are easily distinguished . 
  the czech bring good beer and the romanians bring very sweet wine . 
  both are welcome , but in good measure . 
  our liver can only take that much . 
  the polish are a menace in that regard . 
  they also bring quite nice sweets and i am definitely being fattened up . 
  joking aside , it has been quite a while since i heard the last slur against either here in germany . 
  might be that i live a sheltered life , tho . 
   now i am the law . 
  judge ~ ~ dredd ~ ~ problemy . 
  `` you '' are not being bashed . 
  by `` you '' i assume you mean poland . 
  the eu will take action if the laws threatening the independence of the judiciary are signed into law . 
  this is no `` us '' versus `` them '' . 
  that kind of thinking is quite , quite harmful . 
  oh god !, 
  it 's not one of those shops which vanish once you have bought something ? 
  terry pratchett warned us of those . 
  their merchandise usually is somewhat a bit cursed . 
  napoleon made a bit of a mess .
