  it may become better than it would have been in a decade . 
  but it seems to be an awfully big gamble to do this . 
  it does n't seem feasible to have individual trade agreements before 2019 because negotiations take a lot of time . 
  brexit will happen even if those deals are not in place . 
  the bad is already happening . 
  the good is what is hoped for . 
  nobody has yet come up with a plausible date , when it might show up . 
  the chicken is already being eaten . 
  while it is in the oven . 
  what an odd metaphor . 
   when it comed to minors , parents have a huge responsibilty , and i would rather legislate around that than to make useless gambling regulations . 
  so gambling in casinos should be legal for minors . 
  their parents should take better responsibility ? 
  i know this is hyperbolic , but that 's what you said implies . 
   there are millions of reason to have gambling elements in games , because it is fun . 
  just because some people ca n't control themself , does that mean you need to stop me from playing ? 
  what on earth gives you the impression i am calling for that ? 
  i 'm calling for regulated mimimum payout percentages and spending caps . 
  regulation does n't make it go away but rather holds everybody to minimum ethical standards . 
  remember this cs skin gambling scandal ? 
  turns out , they had a cheat in the back-end which could prevent payouts . 
  regulations lead to this being audited . 
  if you do n't have an addictive personality , you wo n't be affected by spending caps and can only profit from mandated payout percentages and not being scammed . 
  i do not understand your reasoning . 
  what do you expect ? 
  it was only written by an expert . 
   barry eichengreen is professor of economics at the university of california , berkeley ; pitt professor of american history and institutions at the university of cambridge ; and a former senior policy adviser at the imf . 
  experts , eh ? 
  what do they know ? 
  spend the better part of their life trying to understand stuff they talk about . 
  how 's their opinion more valid than anyone else 's ? 
  is n't this a democracy ? 
  also / s in case it might be overlooked . 
  well , i seem to have a lot . 
  but the figures show that people do n't . 
  what i do n't understand is why people argue against regulation of stuff like this . 
  gambling regulation usually comes with guaranteed payout percentages , protection of minors and possibly caps . 
  while casinos are n't perfect , they at least follow a couple of rules as opposed to games , which do n't . 
  i got out of that . 
  i had tried to earn gold by doing arena runs and managed to just break even . 
  wanted to buy adventures that way which took forever . 
  did n't want to spend the time to keep up with the meta . 
  and i was n't interested in most of the classes . 
  it 's too expensive or time consuming to play casually on the daily commute . 
  i will , however , watch most videos of kibbler and kripp . 
  salt is expensive and kripp provides for free . 
  sure . 
  wonder why every eiskaffee is called * venezia * , tho . 
  proportions seem dodgy . 
  at least it is right side up . 
  it gets even worse . 
  [ tax dodges can be even more egregious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfknv1yzi3k ) . 
  logik stronk with this !, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  judging from the time zone the brits use they must reckon the british isles were much further west . 
  just above portugal . 
  ireland just joined in because they knew they were west of great britain . 
   if you want to fix problems in the military , you have to start thinking about military . 
  that i can agree on . 
   who are those people worrying about right-wingers in the german military ? 
  not by any means `` pacifists '' and the typical standard german leftist who does not like the military ? 
  if you check the statistics there are less right-wingers in the germany military than in the average population . 
  also the germany bundeswehr has consistently polled as a trusted institution . 
  woah !, 
  calm down , man . 
  the current distrust is not due to some left/right dispute . 
  we are not talking about the us . 
  it is due to that nutjob soldier who seems to have planned a terrorist attack . 
  it is also due to further investigation having unearthed concrete problems within the bundeswehr . 
  this is not abstract . 
  this is concrete . 
  the ptsd thing also was n't found to have been a money issue . 
  it was due to cold-war era top brass not believing that a medic having to mop up fellow soldiers while under fire would suffer long-term from that . 
  the unwillingness that for the first time since ww2 germany was participating in violent conflict and the top-brass has not yet developed a sense for that is now a matter of record in civilian courts . 
  it was also found that no provisions have been made for something like this . 
  none whatsoever . 
  i also heavily disagree that it is a solution to keep the nazi to sane person ratio down is to recruit more sane people . 
  i 'm not talking about nationalists . 
  i 'm talking about foreigner-hating , bona fide neo nazis . 
  like that guy who got nabbed hoarding ammunition and a weapon just a couple of months ago . 
  further investigation found that there was nazi memorabilia in a couple of barracks . 
  these people need to be immediately removed . 
  the fact that they did n't have been identified , that nazi-era songs still were sung and nobody did anything about it points to either a lack of oversight or high tolerance for such things . 
  also , the bundeswehr has a huge problem with people of foreign descent in their ranks . 
  they still may be a minute minority but their loyalty is under constant scrutiny . 
  which is a bit ironic . 
  nobody seemed to have been thinking about that of people singing the horst wessel lied . 
  i 'm all for a reform of the bundeswehr and spending more . 
  but at the moment , not only due to money issues they seem to be `` bedingt einsatzbereit '' . 
  back when germany still had a draft and they took a look at me and frankly , i had considered joining for 12 years and do the whole bundeswehruni thing . 
  i aced reaction , hearing , eyesight , maths and physics test . 
  i told them i was considering to join . 
  for my grundwehrdienst they wanted to turn me into a sanit\u00e4ter for 18 months after i had told them i wanted into a tech sector . 
  in my explanation why i did n't want to do military service but civilian service instead i argued they were unable to use me to my best abilities and i 'd rather work in a hospital instead of them because that made more sense . 
  must have been pompous enough and they were glad to not have me . 
  that 's one of the huge `` what ifs '' of my life . 
  you seem to know more of these matters than i do . 
  all i know is that doubt of being able to reach the nato goals has been subject of reporting ever since donaldulus trumpulus threw his little hissy fit . 
  it seems like germany may inch closer to the advised nato figure , but by no means reach it . 
  germany atm worries about extreme right-wingers in the german military .
