  and still faces opposition . 
  i feel , the title of sith lord is a bit out of reach form him . 
  if he had n't so many followers , he 'd be actually even more ridiculous . 
  i remember when the soma mining accident happened . 
  a couple of turks were holding a solemn vigil in my city . 
  it was actually quite dignified . 
  meanwhile , mr walrus-stache proudly proclaims that on the path of progress , shit does happen . 
  to the face of those directly affected . 
  his party controls state media , purges journalists and teachers and still faces opposition . 
  that is actually quite impressive . 
  in germany the the local community is responsible for security measures . 
  if they say they can secure a minor music festival and suddenly a minister of state say he will turn up than goddammit , that is on a totally different level . 
  i do n't know about how turkey secures its ministers but i would n't expect the local pd of bummshausen , rhineland-palatinate to be able to secure a minister and a crowd of a couple of thousands . 
  if they had tried to find a venue for such a scale in the first place they would have found that only major cities with stadiums are able to do so . 
  if they are willing to have such a head-ache is up to them they are under no obligation to help a foreign politician hold a rally on foreign policies with german tax money . 
  the level of entitlement the akp displays , the duplicity with what they tried to weasel their way in and the frankly appalling way they misuse hospitality is just flabberghasting . 
  this is why i will call them impolite louts and will stick to that . 
  well , apart from being bad for to hold rallies in a foreign country the rallies were not prohibited for political reasons . 
  the akp loonies had proxies hire venues under false pretenses . 
  music festivals and whatnot . 
  suddenly , bam !, 
  akp minister announces to turn up . 
  expected crowd and necessary security measures skyrocket . 
  and the communities say that neither the venue nor themselves are prepared to accommodate that . 
  the fact that a couple of the rallies got cancelled was due to duplicity and incompetence of the akp organizers . 
  ... and it still is distasteful to hold rallies in a foreign nation and causing a disturbance . 
  the 88 in conjunction with that is a bit confusing . 
  same was true back then . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sbo01jy4aq whenever somebody makes a blanket statement about a group of people then it most likely is n't correct . 
  things are usually much more nuanced and complicated than that . 
  funny you should mention that . 
  they had an episode a couple of weeks ago about how they not wanted to have a war since that creates insecurity for investments and they reckoned that the economies were far too interwoven to make such a war even possible . 
  did some people manage to profit off the war ? 
  sure . 
  was it universally hailed by the mega-rich ? 
  nope . 
  that 's such a great youtube series . 
  you 've got a couple of years of real-time ww1 reporting to catch up to . 
  well , real-time +100 years . 
  but you are a bit late if you wanted to buy your own pair of h\u00f6tzensocks . 
  what you wo n't learn is wether ww1 made any sense at any point of time and in which way it was totally worth it for any party involved . 
  sry :( would really love to have your asshole stare into my soul but i got none . 
  ask catholics . 
  they have souls . 
  do n't ask nike . 
  they have soles . 
  it still got its special rights which nobody really bothered to figure out . 
  do n't blame them . 
  it only has been nearly a thousand years . 
  i do n't want to tread on anybodies toes and coming from a weird country myself , but ... is it possible the uk in general is an odd place ? 
  then what about the city of london ? 
  this might become an administrative headache dating back to william the bastard . 
  if i made briefer eye-contact , how 'd i have enough time to slurp my victim 's soul ? 
  can confirm . 
  europe has been doing this since june . 
  they are wearing head-scarfs !, 
  shakira law !, 
  and my slightly ocd self rages on the different number of marguerites on the baby 's dress . 
  ummm . 
  you are aware there is an article linked to this reddit post ? 
  why do you comment on this if you ca n't even be arsed to skim that ? 
  he did but could n't get it due to petty crime . 
  he claims he had untreated bi-polar which he only managed to cope with later in life . 
  they can have rallies as much as they want and say what they want as long as it is within the legal framework . 
  that being said , i once ran into an npd rally on my weekend shopping run . 
  3 guys on a flatbed with some sound equipment speaking to around 10 people who were quite obviously not supporters . 
  and then there was me . 
  with my freshly shaven head . 
  some idiot stuffed a leaflet into my hand before i even knew what was going on . 
  so i asked the punk standing next to me and he told me he was trying to figure out if at any point they start handing out free beer . 
  had my own and went my merry way . 
  the crowd was bored , the 20 cops holding the crowd of 10 at bay were bored and even the nazis really had n't had their heart in it . 
  ai n't got nobody time for that . 
  hey !, 
  if poland starts to drown ( again ) we know who to call . 
  the kiwis are real bros. . also : poland !, 
  if you refuse to learn how to swim , at least put one of those orange vests on . 
  the baltic is not a mere puddle , you know ? 
  we got another concerned phone-call from sweden if you were ok . 
  st\u00f6rtebeker gave up on the rhyming and stealing and now has an upmarket posh shop in the elbphilharmonie . 
  even medieval pirates have suffered from gentrification and now are goddamn hipsters . 
  i once saw a bavarian policeman call a black african a `` sauprei\u00df , afrikanischer . '', 
  that was back in the 80ies . 
  it was hilarious in a racist and stupid way back then and it still is . 
  basically everybody who is not bavarian is a prussian . 
  period . 
  geography does n't enter the picture . 
  bless their little hearts . 
  bits of now baden-w\u00fcrtemberg were . 
  prussia is a bit odd . 
  it absolutely depends on who you are . 
  things do n't look too rosy for some . 
  especially single parents are at risk since we absolutely do n't do kindergarten/school properly due to ideology . 
  it is next to impossible to find a place to take care of your kids while you go to work . 
  especially in the cities . 
  if you need a kindergarten the waiting list means you should apply the moment after conception . 
  we spend too little on things like that . 
  also i do remember a time when nobody was rummaging through trash cans looking for bottles for the deposit . 
  wealth and income are n't well distributed around here and it is becoming worse . 
  the refugees were an administrative problem , not a financial one .
