  lidice springs to mind . 
  oradour does , too . 
  but that is not what this guy 's book was about . 
  europe in general was a shitty place to be in the mid-20ieth century . 
  this will touch a lot of raw nerves for a lot of generations . 
  shit . 
  titanic wanted to use this next month . 
  oh , so you have been to the oktoberfest ? 
  nah , people in a cheerleader/lederhosn crossover outfits are called americans . 
  the bavarians will have gone home when they show up . 
  which happen to contain an awful lot of people who might not be sound . 
  yep . 
  the good old gideon blunt . 
  you can smoke your whole way through genesis before the lamb lied down on broadway . 
  they elect the people who do the actual electing . 
  but it 's always this gary mander who wins . 
  they even roll their blunts with this when they are done . 
  kick the orange guy . 
  that is absolutely amazing !, 
  shit . 
  i really wanted to cheer them on . 
  nothing motivates like a balding german guy in full cheerleader outfit . 
  france is next . 
  so barcelona basically is spain 's stuttgart ? 
  they had a 75 % turnout the last time they voted ... 
  cake or death ? 
  it 's not a binary choice and whoever gets the most votes still needs another party to form a government . 
  so even if mr wilders loony bunch cuts the mustard , he 'd still have to find somebody willing to play ball . 
  and even then it would be doubtful if his partners willingly went along with all his crazy schemes and he 'd have to compromise . 
  fgm is an african problem . 
  that 's the only place i 'm aware of where this is practiced . 
  some things are horrid cultural practices which you have to distinguish from religion . 
  they are not the same . 
  you ca n't simply stir everything into one kettle and call the resulting shit-soup islam . 
  it is so important to be one of the first . 
  you at least get the choice on * cake or death * as long as there 's cake left . 
  look , you say that as an absolute and act as if that were universally true for all practitioners . 
  which obviously is n't true . 
  most , if not all , religions require quite a lot of double-think for their practitioners to function in a modern laizistic society . 
  also i do n't know what you mean by islam . 
  at this moment this religion has so many factions , interpretations , sects and sub-sects which would n't be able to agree with another on the time of day . 
  i will not defend the merits of any religion since i do n't see it . 
  but i will also not accept any blanket demonization of a lot of people . 
  we can discuss particular practices and how they are problematic . 
  that actually serves a purpose . 
  skirts are n't a religious symbol . 
  honestly , there are n't too many ultraorthodox jews in germany . 
  so i could n't possibly comment . 
  for the record : the eu ruling does cover that as well . 
  if you disallow the hijab , you do have to disallow those hats and crosses . 
  either piss everybody off or piss nobody off . 
  in a way , it has strengthened wearers of hijabs . 
  that is a very broad statement . 
  not every moslem is salafi or wahabite . 
  not every christian is westboro . 
  honor killings are exceedingly rare in the western world . 
  they are in fact so rare that if one happens , it fills headlines and wo n't go unnoticed . 
  everyday sexism otoh is n't . 
  depressingly this does n't make the headlines as much as it should , given how widespread a problem it still is . 
  oooh !, 
  poland !, 
  umm . 
  why do y' all have the same colours in your damn flags ? 
  what 's it with the same-old same-old ? 
  it 's always some variation of red-white ( - blue ) . 
  is it because magenta has been trademarked by deutsche telekom ? 
  well , if no hijab , then neither those , nor crosses , nor anything . 
  even colanders . 
  so in a way i feel it has strengthened the hijab . 
  either piss everybody off or nobody . 
  seems solomonic . 
  true . 
  but wearing a hijab does n't necessarily mean the women are pressured into it . 
  i 've seen a lot of girls who wear it as an accessory . 
  completely color-coordinated with makeup , handbag and dress . 
  their body-language also oozes confidence . 
  some women in hijab do consciously choose it , some do n't . 
  i do n't think this is a good way to weed those out who are pressured . 
  huh . 
  has any landesjustizminister ever fired one for political reasons ? 
  or for no official reason ? 
  that still sounds iffy . 
    to me it is a symbol of not wanting to integrate with your host country . 
   are sikhs refusing to integrate ? 
  the hijab to me is n't the reason for not wanting to integrate . 
  it is the outward symbol for it . 
  and there probably is n't a 100 % overlap for those two statements . 
  two days ago a group of young men ( well adolescents ) came into the tram i was riding on . 
  they were loud , they were posturing , they were obnoxious . 
  so 100 % adolescents . 
  not really noteworthy . 
  but what was noteworthy was how they spoke about `` the germans '' . 
  what was really noteworthy was the slang they spoke in . 
  they clearly were born in germany , most likely had german citizenship . 
  yet they did n't view themselves as german . 
  the way they spoke was really antagonistic . 
  and in many cases , the women wearing a hijab give off the same airs . 
  which absolutely is a pity . 
  because if you want to be german , you can . 
  all you have to do is speak the language and wanting to belong .
