  that seems to be off the table for the next 10-20 years . 
  well done , erdogan . 
  well done . 
  at least he got that 1000 room palace he absolutely needed , eh ? 
  in most of europe it is in bad taste to openly flaunt your religion . 
  that 's one of those unwritten rules . 
  i do n't know how to write it down without threatening freedom of religion . 
  for the time being it is considered bad taste . 
  just like americans coming to europe to proselytize . 
  sorry , guys , you are awesome . 
  come for the beer and leave the rest at home . 
  the problem why most of europe struggles so much with the headscarf is that it is n't discrete like a cross tucked away underneath a shirt . 
  the other problem is that only one gender wears it . 
  different rules for genders are highly suspect for obvious reasons the headscarf is a double-whammy . 
  it is threatening to the progress of gender equality we have made and it is threatening to the progress we have made to keep religion out of the lives who are not interested in it . 
  it is n't even much of a religious symbol but more of a cultural one , retroactively crammed into the muslim identity . 
  to me it is a symbol of not wanting to integrate with your host country . 
  that is highly problematic . 
  but i struggle to applaud this eu ruling since this is something that should n't be legislated . 
  we can legislate and rule against gender discrimination . 
  we can outlaw groups who oppose the laizistic and democratic way our countries are organized . 
  we ca n't outlaw religion . 
  the fact that a group of people thinks their religious sensibility is of any relevance feels like they want to drag us into the 19th century . 
  kicking and screaming . 
  sorry , we still have some legacy bullshit we have to deal with . 
  we do n't need new bullshit heaped on top of that . 
  meanwhile dancing is still prohibited on good friday in bavaria . 
  do n't need additional bs on top of that . 
  true that . 
  it just is so mindboggling to my poor german brain that the head of government is allowed to make such drastic changes to the judiciary . 
  that 's just the opposite of `` checks and balances '' . 
  except obama , as it turns out . 
  but we are not talking about those . 
  we are talking about federal judges . 
  and attorneys . 
  and replacing them with his own . 
  trump is already replacing judges . 
  that 's what erdogan also did . 
  well , trump is currently doing , what erdogan has by now mostly finished . 
  he is replacing judges . 
  he has put his cronies into places of power . 
  but mostly the judge thing is what stands out . 
  there are parallels and erdogan was the first thing i thought of when the news of the trumpian purge of judges made it to the public these past few days . 
  well , you make it sound like he got 100 % of the vote . 
  which he did not . 
  turkey is quite , quite split in the middle . 
  just like the us . 
  life does n't tend to be black & white . 
  this is a call to action , my friend !, 
  we need to deploy countermeasures !, 
  i for one shall march home and eat all the d\u00f6ner on my way !, 
  we need to attack their supply lines first . 
  and , frankly , it 's a bit of an insult to their voters . 
  i mean , how stupid does the akp think their voters are ? 
  not the first time this happened . 
  they knew their bs was gon na get called . 
  so i 'm gon na go with they actually wanted this provocations so nobody would figure out their path towards dictatorsh ... look !, 
  discriminashun !, 
  they did the same thing in germany . 
  claimed they 'd have a music festival with a few dozen visitors . 
  minister says he 'll come , too . 
  cancelled due to not being able to accommodate a crowd a hundred times bigger than anticipated when they had made arrangements . 
  deceit seems to be the modus operandi of these clowns . 
  and when their bullshit is called , they scream * fascist * . 
  goddammit , these are really the worst . 
  yep . 
  that 's the one . 
  great hair . 
  very punchable face . 
  that argument he made was indeed rather simplistic . 
  but people having their assault rifles they are trained to use and the ammunition to go with it at home is part of the swiss defense concept . 
  y' all are/were prepared to collapse the alps and explode them bridges in the face of invaders . 
  the question is , if this is still viable in a world of planes and nukes . 
  citing tradition is such a lazy way to argue and quite often , that 's all of the argument . 
  what i do n't see is if the problem is indeed big enough to change things . 
  there are how many incidents with these assault weapons ? 
  2-3 per year ? 
  when i lived in switzerland in 2006 i remember there was one relatively high-profile incident where a celebrity killed himself . 
  did n't read anything similiar in 2008 . 
  but that 's no indicator for anything . 
  my point being is if you want to change something , that 's always harder on a national level . 
  and it takes effort . 
  if tradition is cited then the argument should go over the original purpose . 
  but if you want to change something you will have to show that something is a big enough problem and your proposed solution actually solves it . 
  that 's always an uphill battle . 
  what you ca n't do is antagonize your political opponent . 
  they just become even more entrenched . 
  if they ca n't argue their case , then help them make the argument before you deconstruct it . 
  conservatism is based on sentiment . 
  you ca n't argue sentiment . 
  you need to make it rational first . 
  to me the guy did n't sound far right . 
  more sentimental conservative . 
  nonono , i like the reithalle . 
  what i found odd was the kapo which was there but kept their distance . 
  they looked over to the reithalle like a lone person longingly looking across the sea , waiting for the return of their true love . 
  inside they had einsiedler in those 0.6 l bottles of which you failed to warn stupid germans who otherwise are able to hold their beer . 
  but in many ways berne needs a fast forward button . 
  oh god , it 's gon na be another sail boat , is it ? 
  is wear just thinking back to that magic eye fad of the 90ies gives me eye-strain .
