  i am literally laughing here . 
  there is about as much chinese about macao than there is finnish about in \u00c5land . 
  might want to take up a book once or twice , in a lifetime . 
  if they teach you how to read ... 
  hehw . 
  good one . 
  :-d those portugese cherokees sure did a lot of work in society , during the 450 year rule ... 
  eu should really cut up the tax evasion industry for these hillbillies ... 
  chinese town my ass ... 
  it is cosmopolitan asian citystate , like singapore . 
  erdogan in the future . 
  many things to see , but people treat you like shit if you do n't speak french . 
  been to 40 + countries and only some pacific islands are more hostile . 
  pathetic . 
  just imbound the 10 or so migrant ferry boats and arrest the ngo employees for people smugling . 
  zero euros spent , problem solved . 
  just need to make massive headlines to make sure the smugglers in libya notice . 
  well , nokia . 
  they are relaunching phones this year . 
  kind of funny . 
  lol ? 
  german army is so under gunned that they ll need a decade to fix their own tech . 
  nope ? 
  how hard it is to check before spewing shit ? 
  yea . 
  that russian owned lumbership trailed by frigate and boarded by special police near africa ... 
   from january 1 , 2007 , the latvian army is fully contract-based / s. . . or maybe the term conscript is not familiar ? 
  now why the hell they would join this titanic ? 
  2030 estonia  finland . 
  too complicated for conscripts , says the finish language defense forum artillery thread . 
  pretty much if you look it from finland . 
  enjoy your future overlords , the mighty poles . 
  you are better than sweden anyway , so it is not a total disaster . 
  it is a great argument from finnish point of view . 
  nobody wants to hitch their trailer into central european freeriders , like germany . 
  i read the story as a german/french attempt to consolidate the defense industry ... 
  yea , no thanks considering the current state of central european armies . 
  recovery tank , 2 interesting looking hummers with trailers ( ? ), 
  and one radar looking thing in the last car . 
  russian empire was established 1721 , 8 years after gibraltar became british . 
  except if someone actually starts to talk about the eu budget , that will make the anti eu parties much much stronger . 
  sometimes it is better to shut up ... 
  pennywise rubbish against populist anti eu parties . 
  eu budget is mainly misused ... and they are after couple hundred thousand euros . 
  eu commission cost was 3.3 billion in 2016 . 
  parliament cost was another 1.8 billion . 
  42.5 % of the budget is missused on farm subsidies . 
  total admin expenditure is 5.8 %, 
  probably a tossup between mugabe , mobutu sese seko , nicolae ceau\u0219escu and idi amin . 
  no pol pot , stalin , mao or any of the other true maniacs though . 
  pinochet met with thatcher , but no queen . 
  groups from the top : 1 . 
  swedish speaking finn 2 . 
  finland born , non finnish/swedish speaker 3 . 
  latin america 4 . 
  north america 5 . 
  south east asia 6 . 
  south and middle asia 7 . 
  africa 8 . 
  middle east and north africa 9 . 
  sweden born , finnish speaker . 
  ( returnee ) 10 . 
  russian 11 . 
  estonian 12 . 
  other eu and schengen 13 . 
  other european countries ( not in schengen , eu or any group above ), 
  base level = 1 ( crimes commited by finnish born , non immigrant ) translation of the bar colors : - blue : `` actual level '' - light blue `` age normalized level '' - yellow `` age and income level normalized level '' - light purple : `` age , income and area normalized level '' ----- so average african commits 12.9 times more sex offences than average finnish born finn . 
  average russian , the model immigrant commits 2 times more sex offences . 
  average swedish speaking finn 0.7 . 
  average sweden born finnish speaker that returned to finland commits 3.5 times more . 
  finally there has been a single suspected case of sex offense by east asians in finland . 
  which will never finish until the russian bias is gone , like post putin 2024 or later . 
  large part of the decisions are unanimous and you ca n't have someone playing in the opposing team ... 
  the british social class system is highly confusing . 
  serbia and turkey have similar timeline for joining the eu ... 
  i dont feed buzzfeed , gawker , jezebel , cosmopolitan . 
  i dont read donald . 
  or any other garbage source . 
  life too short for click bait news sites printing rubbish . 
  this site is printing pretty accurate and interesting stuff : https://fpgroup.foreignpolicy.com/, 
   buzzfeed article was well-done said no one ever . 
  italy 's south end is getting killed . 
  somehow i see a lot of keyed teslas in the future ... owners seem a bit , full of themselves ? 
  now that is one sexy locomotive . 
  anyone know the name ? 
  little slow ? 
  they will go to jail this instant . 
  they stay in the jail until the trial . 
  the trial will see the video and decide the jail term . 
  then they will stay in jail until end of jail term . 
  this will end up like trump election and brexit . 
  only a fool would admit voting them to a poll maker . 
  clear majority of the economists in finland think euro is very harmful , but leaving is too costly . 
  the swedish version of getting swatted on stream ... 
  dont want to see the 3h vid , but plenty of snaps around . 
  the guys look 20 , decent built . 
  they have a large revolver , 357 perhaps ? 
  one guy with a 2cm islam beard and glasses . 
  one guy looks uighur asian . 
  3 guys in total .
