  like finland has with russia ? 
  there wont be refugees since they cant get anywhere . 
  you can permit the syrians and they will get distributed . 
  iraqis , tunisians , indians , pakistanis , afgans and africans go back to turkey since they are tourists without visas . 
   solidarity we should be returning refugees to greece ... just saying . 
  good luck with that though . 
  the schengen is fenced , so buffer states like macedonia will block the traffic . 
  how about closing the turkey border so refugee problem solves itself ? 
  these people dont need refuge , they need jobs in tunisia , afganistan and india . 
  also being in irs for the rest of your mortal life is absolute rubbish ... 
  are you saying that having too many muslims repels the economy ? 
  and join the global mudhut bombing crew ? 
  this is just nuts . 
  eu goes berserk against the `` value added '' ( read tax evasion ) industry in switzerland and you can turn of the lights . 
  switzerland is rich because germans dont like paying taxes . 
  look at the companies that operate there . 
   you 'll have applied to become swiss anyway . 
  unless your neighbours dont approve . 
  then you cant . 
  i bet they do n't expel the tax refugees for economic crimes ... 
  so it truly is an race issue . 
  i get it , but zero acceptance . 
  interesting . 
  so the dna tests for 7000-8000 year european corpses are all falsified ? 
  the light skin genes are ( apparently ) slc24a5 and slc45a2 . 
  are they even trying to ? 
  also not quite sure who would especially try to manufacture connection to 3000yo states . 
  are we talking roman , hellenic or classical greece ? 
  the population has been cycled at least 3 times after the period . 
  this is stuff like kaliningrad declaring independence , changing name to k\u00f6nigsberg and getting un trouble by poland ( parts of poland are former prussia ) . 
  frankly bizarre stuff . 
  so it is a race issue ? 
  a country full of slavs cant have greek name ? 
  macedonia controls its border and stop people walking through the country without applying asylum . 
  big news ? 
  the current macedonia is about where the historical vardar macedonia was . 
  greeks hold the other 50 % of the old province . 
  not sure why the naming ca n't be done , but then again i dont live in the hot blooded areas ... 
  :-d abusive upbringing , revenge fantasies , charismatic qualities , killed a neighboring tribe with magic weaponry , caused his own tribe to get wiped and then killed himself . 
  used as an example of what not to do in your life . 
  eh ... hitler in finnish pre christian folklore ? 
  clearly not up to date in your meme game . 
  sons of ( edit ) . 
  although not sure who wants to name his gang after a tragic suicidal antihero who fornicates with his sister . 
  the registration office does n't accept names with cursewords or `` imply illegal activities '' . 
  naming extra legal gangs is difficult . 
  fun fact : hiding in a tree as a sniper is especially forbidden in the finnish army . 
  no cover from shots , you are seen too far and there is no escape . 
  only g2a manpads and air surveillance utilize trees . 
  there is general understanding that it should be anything but `` odin '' . 
  the problem is that our local gods/demigods are not catchy sounding . 
  most of the old gods also have certain attached moral stances . 
  sons of tuoni ( = death ) , sons of n\u00e4kki ( currently a condom brand ) ... 
   hybrid warfare it is a commonly used term in finland when referring to aggressive activities that do n't involve killing . 
  usually the perp is russia . 
  this includes online trolling , hacking , banking related activities , targeted economic red tape by officials , state sponsored criminal activities , propaganda , instigating minorities , non marked `` little green soldiers '' and so on . 
  hey heard turkey is planning an attack into syria now that the ceasefire has been agreed on . 
  got to stomp the kurds real fast before the `` war '' ends . 
  any comments on `` not participating in the civil war '' ? 
  :-d ( stay in the bottle , only read goverment news ... ), 
  i resent the patriarchal terminology in naming things . 
  women are people too . 
  so turkey gets more active in the civil war now that the north syrian turks are losing ? 
  rt yes . 
  sputnik no . 
  rt 's information value is extremely biased and partial . 
  you will only see a limited selection issues with limited scope . 
  rt seems to broadcast the russian viewpoint quite clearly , which is very useful when trying determine the most likely putin 's response . 
  in summary : rt is rubbish as a sole information source , but a sledgehammer for learning russian view points in 5 minutes . 
   we do n't . 
  yes you do , see the news about oil truck caravans . 
  your country is funding isis , straight up . 
   turkey has no authority over them are you silly or in the bottle ? 
  your country is arming these guys . 
  you even put some general in jail for stopping arms trucks ... http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-11-30/turkey-arrests-generals-who-stopped-syria-bound-weapons-laden-spook-trucks there is even a full wikipedia page about turkish involvement in syria . 
  your country is arming a participant in a civil war . 
  your government is one of the reasons why the conflict is still happening . 
   take the pilot as hostage . 
  do n't give a flying fuk about the pilot . 
  he was bombing a refugee camp with a ground attack plane . 
  should have shot him in the head ... 
  i know another good idea : stop buying isis oil and shut down the turks at north syria . 
  would probably help stop the conflict . 
  if it requires tanking up the ** only ** war party that seems to be doing something against isis , then all good . 
  enjoy your neighbor . 
  also t72 and 152mm field artillery is not exactly terror weaponry . 
  very easy to take out with air strikes too ... 
   us has already armed the kurds source please ? 
  i could only find one `` small arms ammunition plane '' and general whining from turkey about `` arming '' . 
  they need field artillery , mortars , radios , tanks at minimum . 
  ok , let 's arm the ypg to teeth and push for kurdish self determination in the borderzone . 
  also russians can clean up the turkish expansion plan in north syria . 
   eu customs union will be out of there in no time ... 
  this joker needs to go anyway . 
  make what true ? 
  oil trade ( in the news ) , north iraq kurdistan ( claim ) , us led oil invasion as root cause for isis ? 
  on other news , this quite descriptive float was on the german carnivals . 
  this is what many europeans think of your semi dictatorship : http://www.gettyimages.in/detail/news-photo/carnival-float-depicting-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-news-photo/509003860, 
  the obvious solution is to start kurdistan to north iraq and let the local kurds move there . 
   we wo n't allow terrorists to form their own country .
