  read this from page 16 onwards . 
  maybe it will clear up why indicators end up to these kind of panels . 
   how , in principle , should quality of care be measured ? 
  https://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/36262363.pdf here is an example what indicators oecd measures in `` quality of care '' . 
   ca n't really help you to know and compare the healing qualities except for the categories 2 ( access ) and 3 ( outcomes ) . 
  love all the crazies in reddit ... time to go outside perhaps ? 
  measurement of success in healthcare is quite interesting . 
  bed count seems to be one of the crappiest metrics available . 
  warehousing patients probably does n't create health if you ask me . 
  here is the full matrix for echi . 
  high bed count countries with lots of red . 
  bed quantity does n't correlate with the health consumer index . 
  https://i.redd.it/4s8zaw52xp8y.png netherlands , belgium , finland on top . 
  can we do something similar to apple ( tax ) , mcd ( tax ) and giant squid ( interest manipulation ) executives in eu ? 
  soas ... yea , fits the line . 
  only loonies with world healing tendencies go here . 
  their citizens , their problems . 
  why not ? 
  and why only wien ? 
   weird omissions i think they left it out to keep it a `` family related social '' article . 
  the motivations and drivers should be better discussed . 
  those are driving the migration , not the lack of border security or medicins sans frontieres smuggling migrants to italy . 
  there was nothing to break . 
  asking greece/italy to tackle eu level problems is quite unfair . 
  also this is not an incident , the migration will run for decades now . 
  quite alike the mexicans in us ... eu can deal with this in 2017 or 2027 , same problem . 
  the obvious solution would pay bulgaria for housing the migrants during process . 
  nobody would come to eu after that . 
  everybody wins and the `` merkels '' in eu would protect their precious bubble . 
  in european `` democracy '' opposition parties are not entitled for funding ? 
  this subs real small minded in treating the anti federalist political parties . 
  fuck no . 
  st. pete has great variety of ilja repin 's paintings and topless discos , but everything else is better in tallinn . 
  we found the ever elusive funny german person . 
  my bad . 
  umm ... 
  does sun and happy people count for anything ? 
  sure ? 
  it is -18 outside ... 
  500e does n't even buy you food and a room here . 
  literally salted rise in student housing is the lifestyle . 
  has the ngo people smuggling operation been shut down already or doctors without borders still ferries illegals into eu ? 
  same 80s hype , just recycled . 
  and then recycled in 90s , buried in 00s with e-stock crash , shortly recycled under carbon efficiency in late 00s and now fully resurrected . 
  -  automate . 
  makes sense since the company makes money on the internal investment ? 
  no hype , just standard everyday engineering . 
  yes , the possibilities are endless . 
  the reality is that this same rubbish has been spewed since 80s ... 
  i guess times change , but automation is still just around the corner for 4th decade and counting . 
   the coming wave of automation the wave already was `` imminent '' in 80s , 90s . 
  00s we had focus in the erps in factories . 
  automation is stiff to changes and capital intensive . 
  the easy automation has been done already . 
  yes . 
  totally dude . 
  2nd highest gdp spending in europe after greece . 
  americans ... totes want a budweiser with those crackers ? 
  might want to google some numbers before spouts like this ... 
  your mess is eu 's benefit . 
  finally has to do something . 
  she is 2 years too young at 39 . 
  our prez is a pedo . 
  and it is working so so well with half the countries being in the tax evasion racket ... military is another issue where trump can really spook the living crap out of eu nato members . 
  so many free riders on the eu bus ... 
   which is why i 'm worried about trump as a european . 
  i am not . 
  eu corporate taxation is a mess , with ireland , netherlands , luxemburg leading the tax evasion pack . 
  trump 's action will blow the socks of eu parliament , thus we might actually get these 3 goons under control . 
  please trump , dunk the eu so hard they actually have to fix this mess . 
  m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res is on that list . 
  nordics is mostly hydro . 
  estonia has no suitable damn sites . 
  also many of the sweden 's sources are unknown in this graph . 
  lots of questionmarks bring the co down . 
   people are being deported lol . 
  they just `` disappear '' , lose the papers and show up in finland . 
  or go to turkey for 3 months to reset the arrival status and asylum again . 
  how about ... mexicans ? 
   hong kong ( ex british crown colony , 1997 ) this is probably understated . 
  chinese government bleeds a lot of revenue in vat rebate re-import scams . 
  everything but countries bordering germany should be out of euro anyway . 
  south italy has nothing in common with germany , how they could be in the same currency ? 
  lots of flexibility is lost with oversized eurozone . 
  pretty much same reasons why trump was put into white house : * lower middle class job losses ( stated , not necessarily a fact ) * hopelessness * negative effect of immigration in the voters live in ( stated , not a fact ) * media portrays `` leave voters '' as racists for the narrative * media sidelines the negative changes in the surroundings of leave voters . 
  * vote against the whole system . 
  double finger vote . 
  * banks are running the society this clip was like a trip to r/the _ donald . 
  wtf wrong war . 
  :-d in this one we are exterminating communists and few russian minorities . 
  i can completely see the local neo nazi types doing this . 
  goodness , they spend more time together than you with your so-college roomie . 
  obviously you could miss something so small than your so-college roomie being a terrorist ? 
  they sleep in same room with head cutting car bombers . 
  i d check my roomies out so no reason to assume these guys are any more stupid . 
  the other `` seekers '' know who is isis or not . 
  fantastic photo of the `` grand ballsack crusher '' in tampere . 
  that thing is a national treasure . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  apparently the english term is rutabaga casserole .
