  there is an isis terror cell in finland and we are halving the funding for the local cia ( supo ) to pay for the refugee crisis . 
  thanks . 
  wmds , that was the original scam was it ? 
  funny that isis is probably closer to wmds than hussein ever was . 
  fail map . 
  \u00c5land doesnt have a `` separatist movement '' . 
  some people there want to join sweden . 
  own state ? 
  nope . 
  north finland sami people dont even want a state , as far as anybody knows . 
  unless that has changed just this year or some swedish/norwegian sami people want north finland . 
  this is just my country ... dont know about the rest . 
  so stealth planes are pretty much useless . 
  money well spent on all parties . 
  also turkey tried to buy s400 in 2009 . 
  that would have been funny , getting shot down by your own missile system . 
  turks seem really committed not buying the patriot . 
  apparently the radar can guide to stealth planes . 
  then again it s chinese so it might just randomly break or not do anything that was promised ... 
  china likes russia enough to sell turkey an advanced long range anti-air missile system hq-9 that is more advanced than the russian s400 . 
  chinese kiss every ass available , seems . 
  one of the best places i ve been , and i ve been to over 40 countries . 
  painful format . 
  now this is genuinely interesting . 
  why would china , from the otherside of the globe , be interested about some microstate joining an established military union ? 
  domestic smoke screen for the `` defensive '' island fort expansion projects near malaysia ? 
  if the relationship is fixed , then who will bomb the turkey backed civil war participants and stop the isis-turkey oil trade ? 
  i think russia is pretty useful for ending the syrian civil war and isis , since they are the only ones who can bomb the troops that turkey arms . 
  we probably would have joined the allies if swedes would have allowed the british expeditionary force to pass through north sweden ... 
  8 countries . 
  turkey - bulgaria - romania - hungary - austria - germany - denmark - sweden - finland . 
  also nearly no refugees come from russia , so probably 98 % coming from swedish route . 
  us calling belgium a failed state is literally insane . 
  you can get shot on the street in us . 
  there are people in us who cant afford food . 
  people a boxed into layers according to how much _ the parents _ can pay for the education , not according to ability/intellect . 
  hell , estonia/czech republic is less failed than us in my opinion and these countries are on upward trajectory . 
  that about sums it up , except for the geographical variance . 
  west finland on the coast looks pretty much like swedish , east finland looks like strangely finnish . 
  north finland has sami , who have the distinctive `` inuit '' style slanted eyes . 
  here is an example . 
  the lady on the far left has some sami features , the rest of the singers look like eastern finland . 
  it is a kind of meme . 
  personally i think these are hilarious . 
  maybe he is saddened that france is now ok for keeping assad in the power and turkey 's arming of the militants is a seen as a problem . 
  this is one will go down as a fail of the decade ... 
  i definitely would . 
  you should post a picture series for the yanks who deal with comcast and other throttling providers . 
  `` in romania even the outhouses have fiber . '', 
   has an outhouse and a well with a pump  there 's fiber to the home and 4g coverage wait what ? 
  outhouse and fiber in the same house ? 
  this is some frontpage worthy material right here . 
  well , because the are at cbs stating that `` france : assad 's troops could help fight isis '' http://www.cbsnews.com/news/france-isis-help-bashar-assad-forces-syria-turkey-russia/ france wants isis gone and the region stabilized . 
  the turks in the north are a problem . 
  the russians can deal with that and isis . 
  perfect match if you think about it . 
   the plane was not shot down for a violation , it was shot down for a policy of airspace violations . 
  it was shot down for clusterbombing the refugee turks in the camp at the turkish border for several days . 
  the territory clip was probably just an excuse to shoot one down . 
  they were probably waiting for it to happen for days too . 
  clipping into airspace is very common ... 
  so you are saying that finland should have downed the 2 us planes that were in finnish airspace for 15 _ minutes _ in august 2015 ? 
  because assad is staying with the french help and pkk will have a state in north iraq ? 
  not exactly a good week for turkey ... 
  in my opinion the turks down the plane due to cluster bombing the refugee camp just off the border . 
  that 10sec clip into the airspace while doing the attack pattern is ridiculous reason . 
  in longer perspective you guys lose , big time.france is probably in the assad camp now and if the kurdish militia captures mosul next spring , you might have a kurdish state on your south border . 
  it is . 
  and if you believe it , then it is a very solid cause for war . 
  in practice it looks like turks shot down a place that was cluster bombing the refugee camp at turkish border . 
  while doing the circles it clipped into the airspace for about 10 seconds and then flew off . 
  both parties are pretty much damn fools if you ask me . 
   zhirinovsky this dude is an international legend . 
  only surprised that he is still alive . 
  here is him promising `` total annihilation of baltics and poland '' http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/08/11/russian-colonel-zhirinovsky-threatens-total-annihilation-of-baltics-poland/#arvlbdata, 
  still think that is pretty mild response . 
  the shooting was an act of war , especially if you believe the russian version . 
  nato probably had to promise something like keeping assad or starting a kurdish state to make this go away . 
  good news . 
  downing some f16s with the new s400 would be much worse for sabre rattling to calm the domestic audience . 
  also no tu bombers ( similar to b52 ) doing carpets yet . 
  this is also good news . 
  nato countries must be really happy about this shooting , since the french and british are ramping up the bombings . 
  can image the phonecalls starting `` turkey , you fucking moron ... why you shot down our quasi ally that we should be publicly hating ? '', 
  i thought the response has been quite mild . 
  some airstrikes on the border with cluster bombs and that is all ? 
  i guess this is good news , unless the russians are waiting for the missile cruiser and the s400 to setup . 
  i need to smoke whatever you had . 
  since when 4:1 is an equal fight ? 
  less raging on reddit dude ... also nearly no conventional missile capacity , while russians are almost on par with us . 
  i d suppose nobody is crazy enough to start that , but i think the turkish rebels in syria will not like the next couple weeks . 
  should be shooting the isis instead of bombing turks to bits . 
   turkey would n't have any trouble holding its own against the russians with or ** without nato ** . 
  come on dude ... less reddit and more reading . 
  honestly you are wrong . 
  eurozone membership and eu membership are two fairly different things . 
  the `` citizen initiative '' will not pass . 
  the eurosceptics have some 30 % of the seats but so far even the tiniest citizen initiative have be moth balled . 
  publicity stunt by senile politician from north finland . 
  sure .
