  looks like they are boozing . 
  eurozone will be spectacular after germany goes back to dm . 
  so progressive . 
  ( with below 5 % drinking rate ), 
  why not bohemia ? 
  the best country name ever . 
  +1 mil since 2005 . 
  triple growth % comparing to denmark and finland . 
  swedes = rabbits, 
  too catchy . 
  unpopular opinion : maybe the memorial is not well made , since people still feeling goofy . 
  just lines of box shaped rocks . 
  too abstract , too boring . 
   hmm , i thought dessert at night was colder than that . 
  there were snowbank last month in syria . 
  freezing is pretty accurate . 
  marseille rightful greek clay !, 
  :-d enjoy sharia in stockholm . 
  not for long though . 
  auntie overdosed in the colored bin ... 
  ww2 intervention stoppers be like ... ( sweden lets the intervention happen and there is no nazi collaboration after winter war . 
  just saying ) ( and please read about swedish volunteers in finnish civil war , if you want to sling crap . 
  real mature ethnic cleansing , one of the bloodiest cleansers in the whole war ), 
  not completely toast :  two rubidium and two hydrogen maser clocks per satellite . 
   each satellite needs only one working clock for the system to function , the rest are backup . 
   three rubidium and six hydrogen maser clocks are not working , said woerner . 
  18 satellites , 4 clocks each . 
  there is a theoretical possibility that 1 satellite would have no clock . 
  vladimir does travel a lot , so he would know . 
  so an actual serb complaining about ethnic cleansing ? 
  not a lot of fun if you are getting cleansed , is it ? 
  here is a great pop song for you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufhmq-k0z9m, 
  there were some stories earlier in finnish papers . 
  blond look , foreign language =  `` polish '' =  get crapped on . 
  do n't care . 
  turn key delivery , funded kindly by areva and eventually siemens . 
  finland 's energy distributions is pretty optimal . 
  could add one more hydro up north , but the eco-hippies keep blocking the reservoir . 
  wind power loses unreal amounts of money in finland . 
  talking billions in the next 5 years , for government power subsidies . 
  quality map porn . 
  thanks . 
  magic word , subsidies ? 
  or german wind sure is more powerful than polish wind . 
  yes , netherlands also needs the mighty luxemburg to help with this . 
  the american model . 
  if you do n't like the president , try murder . 
   this was the studious opinion of a court in wuppertal , a small town in north rhine-westphalia . 
  as reported today in the jerusalem post , a lower wuppertal court , hearing the case in 2015 , found that three german palestinians who had torched the local synagogue in july of 2014 did so to draw `` attention to the gaza conflict '' and ** had merely chosen molotov cocktails as their form of justified political speech . 
  ** wtf is this shit . 
  sure . 
  some fish rags : ft : `` germany is the eurozone 's biggest problem '' https://www.ft.com/content/7fcb38e8-15f5-11e6-9d98-00386a18e39d wsj : `` how does euro membership help germany ? '', 
  http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/07/22/how-does-euro-membership-help-germany/ '' he estimates that accommodative monetary policy from the ecb over the last year has added about $ 25 billion to germany 's economy through the cheapening of the single currency . '', 
  a random nobel prize winner ( stigliz ) : http://www.cnbc.com/2015/01/26/nobel-winner-germanys-the-problem-not-greece.html `` he said the real problem is germany , which has benefited greatly under the euro . 
  `` most economists are saying the best solution for europe , if it 's going to break up , is for germany to leave . 
  the mark would raise , the german economy would be dampened . '', 
  positives : germany , luxemburg . 
  negative : everybody else . 
  euro is a scam that benefits germany only . 
  can we now nab all the us based tax evaders when they come to eu ? 
  please . 
  venezuelan invasion happens in dutch soil . 
  you d think someone will come to your aid if you duke it out with china ? 
  seriously ? 
  thank god we are not part of that shitshow . 
  useless and makes you invade mudhut countries on regular basis . 
  and afganistan is in europe ? 
  the main scenario should be falkland style invasion and netherlands goes article 5 . 
  venezuelan army is in surprisingly good shape with oil money bought russian weapons . 
  thatcher never called the nato and decided to duke it out alone . 
  venezuela . 
  600 tanks t72 . 
  15 s300 , 24 tor , 7 bukm2 . 
  14 mi-35m2 copter . 
  23 su30 , 12 f16 . 
  6 frigates , 4 corvettes , 2 subs . 
  netherlands : 18 leopard 2a7 . 
  4 patriot , 3 nasams , 600 stingers . 
  35 f35 , 61 f16 . 
  ------------ considering that the fighting happens on the venezuelan coast , i d say you get handily beaten to pulp . 
  then again us would probably blow up venezuela just for fun before you can even sail to the caribbean . 
  til . 
  amazing . 
  really ? 
  both 1932 elections are dubbed `` the last free and fair german elections '' before nazis seized power in 1933 . 
  maybe you know better ? 
  1932 37 % of german voted for hitler 's party . 
  +19 % vote swing with 123 additional seats . 
  just saying the democracy is a bad system is the majority is angry . 
  phillippines president promised to kill citizens and got voted in . 
  missing the point here ... what is the next step beyond trump and brexit ? 
  hitler , mugabe , marcos , duterte were democratically elected . 
  putin was elected back in the days . 
  voting is a very bad form of government , if the majority is angry at the establishment . 
  wef is the establishment . 
   `` this points to the need for reviving economic growth , but the growing mood of anti-establishment populism suggests we may have passed the stage where this alone would remedy fractures in society : reforming market capitalism must also be added to the agenda , '' it said in its latest global risks report . 
   `` the combination of economic inequality and political polarization threatens to amplify global risks , fraying the social solidarity on which the legitimacy of our economic and political systems rests , '' it added . 
  how cute . 
  old rich people are worried about their heads . 
  87 mbts will raise the number of mbts in poland to 1100 .
