  yet the oil trade with isis ... no problem ? 
   hose two are the main groups that cause people getting displaced these days you mean us oil invasions as root cause and militant muslims are delivery method ? 
  pyd at leasts tries to end isis . 
  unlike turkey . 
  it is for the planned invasion . 
   obviously not quite obvious , but i guess that could be an explanation ...  in finland , everyone can fish without a permit . 
   no you ca n't . 
  okies , hooplahead in reddit never go out anyway so not a bit surprising . . 
   first you have to get a licence . 
  there 's a small fee to pay and a test to absolve . 
  miss-information , holy hell . 
  mato-onki and pilkki need no permits . 
  virveli , uistelu and the like needs fishing license . 
  yea lets blame greece for undertaking border control for the whole union . 
  how about sending boats , people , money , shelters , german specialists , thermal cameras , helicopters and some common policy ? 
  this is one of the biggest migrations in human history , and greece is stuck in the middle . 
  ( also thanks us for blowing up countries to start all this mess . 
  isis , iraq , afganistan ... ), 
   eu members are running around trying to avoid having to take them on more realistically , less people will come if they have to stay in greece . 
  eu would have to pay for massive processing facilities and redistribute the migrants though . 
   what i say : you just ca n't accept the money or only the benefits . 
  if you wanted to enter the eu , you had to know you would have got to do things you do n't like to do . 
  what you are really saying : since poland is accepting net payments from eu , it can not oppose any eu policy decisions . 
  if this is not acceptable , poland should not have joined . 
  until eu is an actual country , nobody can tell polish parliament/voters what they should do . 
  money received or not . 
  european democracy is not prostitution . 
  that is bizarre . 
  i wanted to tourist visit , but apparently it is easier to get into us from mexico than to get to mecca . 
  mostly shopping malls and glass architecture from the pictures , not sure if it is worth the trouble of getting deported . 
  so you are saying that democracy is a form of prostitution where people with money can make all the decisions concerning other countries ? 
  quite sure that this not what eu was started for . 
  if poles give your country money , would you adopt the polish abortion laws ? 
   except it 's not going to be an overpriced disappointment . 
  let 's see when it is on the market . 
  also , raptor was such raving success ... reuters : http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2014/07/14/pentagons-big-budget-f-35-fighter-cant-turn-cant-climb-cant-run/ `` pentagon 's big budget f-35 fighter ` ca n't turn , ca n't climb , ca n't run '' quote : `` the f-35 is extraordinarily heavy for a single-engine plane , weighing as much as 35 tons with a full load of fuel . 
  ... to remain reasonably fast and maneuverable , the f-35 's sole f135 engine must generate no less than 20 tons of thrust -- making it history 's most powerful fighter motor . 
  all that thrust results in extreme levels of stress on engine components . 
  it 's no surprise , then , that the f-35 frequently suffers engine malfunctions . '', 
  so throw the link then ? 
  literally zero studies ever show the nato support over 30 % . 
  liar . 
   a clear majority is in favor of joining nato if the government supports it . 
  straight up lie here buddy . 
  russia was doing so nicely with middle class shopping curtains in ikea ... and now back to the soviet fearstate . 
  sometimes world is just sad place . 
  op , please post to r/suomi also . 
  genuinely interesting effort here . 
  make a huge statement in the headline and offer no reasoning to back it up . 
  rate this article 10/10 on clickbait scale . 
  some trainee probably spent a whole afternoon on that analysis . 
  thanks us . 
  next threat is isis in libya . 
  us , destabilizing oil countries since the oil crisis . 
   1 ) check my above post . 
  the operating cost is `` high '' only because it 's in future year dollars . 
  i checked your post . 
  now read the story on the national broadcasting company . 
  either you or the government of norway got this wrong ... 
  i bet it is not norway . 
   3 ) not really . 
  so you are saying that the outsourced service model that needs to completely get undone to attain the 90 % required self suffiency on the maintenance ? 
  not a problem ? 
  you do understand this is a local law ? 
  you do understand that that 90 % will probably raise the costs , if it is even attainable ? 
  i just love reddit warriors . 
   f-35 is simply built to be the best fighter in every category . 
  :-d go grab some freedomfries with that mullet . 
  nobody cares that you blindly believe everything on fox . 
  f-35 has 3 main problems : 1 . 
  operational costs . 
  the initial price is of little interest comparing to total lifecycle cost . 
  now it stands at +78 % over f16/f18 level ( norway/swiss data ) . 
  lack of bilateral trade agreements on arms deals . 
  service model that is directly conflicting with finnish view of wartime supply security . 
  like in ww2 then when uk did not sell at gear and we had to buy them from germany in 1940 ? 
  or when sweden denied the allied expeditionary force in winter war ? 
  ( all true , read ... ) . 
  nah , i d rather shoot a 12 shot stack to a 15cm radius circlet with ak at 150m , like every single male in my apartment building . 
  like every single male i see on the street of my city . 
  i d rather know how mine the roads , blow the bridges ... my brother is aa manpad operator who gets winched to tree tops , the other brother is nh90 mechanic . 
  my cousins are mp platoon lead and border jaeger ( who dig into the hills , let enemy pass and missile the tanks with tow ) . 
  my best friends are an rapid assault platoon lead and artillery company lead . 
  my cousin , who everyone thinks is a major fuckup ( artist ... ) , can land 12 shots into an eye socket with diopter at 150m ( same basic training as me ) . 
   you 'll have more than your own military backing you up fuck that . 
  they can help , but 2nd largest military power in the world can just shortcut and head to europe . 
  nothing here , just 800 a2a pads , 200 tanks , 1000 at missiles and 50 % of pop who can land heashots . 
  we need 2 configs : air combat . 
  take out enemy antiair ( s400 , s300 ) the rest is a military pipe dream . 
  50 planes versus 300 planes + 400km aa range is not exactly even odds . 
  having a sea between your country and the less sensible countries is a luxury ... finland has same amount of mbts than britain and we are still 1:6 . 
  so if the requirements are : 2 sidewinders 4 amraams . 
  1 cruisemissile to take out s400 at range of 400 + km . 
  how much extra capacity the f-35 has on a sortie ? 
  roughly 6 tons of empty payload ? 
   no-one is planning a dogfighter with amraams . 
  instead we have 24/7 aerial control over the whole country in the war time ? 
  we run bombing sorties like us against the stone age muslim countries ? 
  if the situational air superiority doctrine has changed , then someone needs lay off the weed ...  payload differences wo n't make a real difference in this competition . 
  of course they dont since payload is for bombers .
