  ( there is n't any ), 
  source for this ? 
  ( and that s a no for finland , at least . 
  we had large scale demonstrations for `` ei iskua irakiin '' . ), 
   western countries you mean us , and more specifically debaathification of iraq ? 
  as a citizen of finland , i accept zero blame for any of this mudhut destruction derby . 
  the fish stick man needs to win . 
  a real president filters beverages before consumption . 
  this chain is looking at rebranding of the whole chain , all the storefronts , packaging etc. . 900 stores . 
  the basic level is ok , but the trend is very bad . 
  sweden is not in euro . 
  euro seems to be of benefit only if you have border connection to germany . 
  check the trend difference between finland and sweden . 
  similar economies , finland is torched without an apparent reason . 
  been in dumpster since 2008 . 
  no growth in sight . 
   staff put the behavioural change down to the hot weather , but two days later \u00c1lamo found sauron 's decapitated remains . 
  with the name like that , it was probably karma . 
  hopefully the next herd leader is called snowwhite . 
  same in finland . 
  corner countries should make club . 
  it takes a gangster to clean up the gangsters . 
  surprisingly this guy is all class . 
  time until the local upper crust jfks this maniac ? 
  18months max , framed as druggie seeking vengeance ? 
  it s not about the lease . 
  it s about ukraine being in eu after few years . 
  their base is on enemy territory . 
  and they ca n't even retake the thing after ukraine joins , since all eu will just send real army . 
  last chance to grab the place . 
  ( and of course it is wrong . 
  could have bought half , or exchanged to some north border areas or whatever ), 
  russians do n't care . 
  it has fully equipped missile nuke base with submarine caves , missile silos and every gadget available . 
  they have no option of losing it . 
  they lose the whole black sea , mediterranean reach , kaukasus if the base is gone . 
  ukraine has zero chance of getting it back without an invasion . 
  russian population has nothing to do with the crimea being annexed . 
  just an excuse . 
  real reason is the strategic security in kaukasus and black sea . 
  crimea has the most advanced russian strategic military base . 
  without that the whole south west corner is lost . 
  ruskies can never let that bit into eu , who is a potential enemy at this point . 
  geography , pain in the ass if you live in finland . 
  ukraine should have sold south half of crimea to russia . 
   the only thing that is obvious is that the `` most european '' colonies are the most prosperous and powerful ones today . 
  this is maybe due to the investment and settler colonisation . 
  probably right though . 
  another interesting issue is implosion of zimbabwe ( rhodesia ) and mozambique after the settler population left . 
   french and spanish colonies are comparable by your criteria . 
  equatorial guinea ( small ) , western sahara ( not country ) , haiti-dominican . 
  haiti is a disaster . 
  low hanging fruits are like british honduras ( belize ) versus spanish honduras . 
  belize is twice as rich as all the neighboring countries . 
  then in the south you have guayana , french guyana ja surinam ( dutch ) . 
  the british version is a dump while the other 2 are relatively wealthy . 
  french guayana has only 250k people , so comparing to venezuela is kind of useless . 
  this needs to be done in minitab to get a full picture . 
  now i just travel to 50 countries and compare . 
  arrive into this kind of conclusion . 
  theory from quick reads . 
  things that affect success of a colonized country : - type of colonization : settler or resource extraction colonisation - identity of the colonizers : systems implemented ( legal , admin , education ) . 
  culture . 
  religion - impact of implemented ( inherited ) institutions - colonial era investment in public infrastructure . 
  - integration of elite into ruling and type of governance ( direct/indirect ) easy to see why spanish did poorly . 
  resource extraction colonies require almost none of the investment , institutions and governance . 
  long lasting policy impacts too ... 
  number of teachers per capita in early 1800s has direct correlation to houses connected to electricity network in ** 1995 ** in the ivory coast ( on county level ) . 
  i am making fun of you . 
  to the point : 1 . 
  find colonized countries , which are neighbours . 
  figure out which of them is in better shape 3 . 
  find out who colonized them 4 . 
  make your own conclusions . 
  try to avoid comparing 2 completely different size countries on different sides of the world , despite them being colonies . 
  see the ( painful ) point that most former spanish colonies are pretty bad comparing to their neighbours . 
  i dont think you have the slightest clue what i am saying here . 
  blame it on spanish related education . 
  where is africa again ? 
  and chile/mexico/columbia are in africa , right ? 
  ( giggle ... ) please compare saint barthelemy and finland . 
  both are swedish colonies , yet one has bit better location . 
  surprisingly one is doing slightly better , with 93 % aboriginal population . 
  ( macqueen seems to blame the spanish for crappy integration of local elites into the empire . 
  british cycled them to boarding schools in britain and then back to colonies to run the things . 
  portuguese had a rigid global system that did n't bend . ), 
  looking at trends here comparing the neighboring countries . 
  you can cherry pick globally and compare botswana to finland as far a colonies go . 
  makes zero sense argentina is probably the only place where the spanish did n't completely crap all over the place ... nice place , great food and civilized eloquent people . 
  rest of the spanish colonizations are absolute gargantuan failures as a group . 
  not a fan , but hey . 
  different times . 
  also , if killing the local population would lead to success , i d think spanish were the leaders in genociding the locals after colonization . 
  there could be a case for opposing theory ... 
  so the us , australia , south africa , kenya etc are all city states ? 
  all of these are much better than the neighboring countries in the same area . 
  compare us to mexico . 
  mozambique to south africa . 
  zim is a relative mess though , that s probably a british not leaving a sustainable system in place . 
  papua is a mess .
