the traffickers will just randomly pick one guy so when did you ride the boat ? 
  rough seas ? 
   you wrote it 's the richest ? 
  i did n't . 
  i wrote that madrid and catalonia appear to be about equally wealthy ... 
  myth my ass . 
  went there last year . 
  definitely makes large parts of germany and stockholm look pretty provincial in terms of infrastructure quality . 
  i think it might be unclear that europe didnt ship slaves in to mix `` populations '' . 
  only us places this much interest in race . 
   it 's not . 
  well ... largest nominal gdp of spanish regions is catalonia . 
  top 3 regions in spain by purchasing power gdp are basque , madrid and catalonia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_regions_by_gdp i d say madrid and catalonia seem equally wealthy . 
   i suspect finland will join in as well not likely . 
  i d think finland might process the applications and the send the people back . 
  we are getting at least 60 % of the immigration load as falloff from sweden 's asylum policy . 
  2400 is a manageable number , once we reduce that 20000 swedish iraq transfers . 
   but is that legal - to use the army that is ? 
  riot control is practiced all the time . 
  the army has also apparently has a scenario where a `` humanitarian crisis occurs in the east resulting in massive influx of refugees '' . 
  finland is also a physical island , with 3 bridge crossings to sweden near the arctic circle . 
  border control is in good shape , because of russia . 
   the border patrol was disbanded years ago . 
  you mean hungary has no border patrol as an organisation , or the active patrolling was stopped in eu ? 
  nah , we will send the army . 
  the government is good here . 
  also lots of the `` applicants '' will go back to sweden for already being filed in sweden previously, 
   wow , a full 30 thousand this year ? 
  on par with sweden at per capita . 
  the government is efficient , so we will probably reject a lot of the excess applications . 
   edublin regulation before a finnish court . 
  so you are saying returning refugees to sweden is inhumane ? 
  nearly all come from that route . 
  please read a bit before spewing rants ... 
  paavo did run for president in early 80s . 
  main opposition candidate against koivisto . 
  swedish model would be fantastic . 
  drop the euro and stay in the union . 
  welcome eu guys , we need to get us a moon landing . 
  you have you own currency to regulate the competitiveness and no need to finance olive oil farmers . . #fixit, 
  lovely that you remembered the put 10 % of finland in your graph . 
  usually it is just left out ... 
  probably right . 
  grad battalion has 18 launchers , 36 +14 trucks , 5 jeeps and one btr . 
  howitzer battery size should be 6 guns , not 5 . 
  the rocket launchers are in a separate battalion inside the artillery regiment . 
  -  so probably these guys are not going to fight anywhere . 
   i think those are 82mm vasilek mortars i think it is a howitzer . 
  the d30 tows like that , with the barrel turned to front . 
  looks like * btr model 80 armored personnel carrier ( exact model not clear ) x ? 
  * 2s1 howitzer x 5 * 122mm towed field gun x 5 * 152m towed howitzer ( mista ? ), 
  x 5 * 122mm rocket launcher ( grad ) x 5 * ( maybe ) mt-lb tracked slightly armoured personnel carrier x 5 this is probably a heavy artillery battalion with 4 companies . 
  south china morning post used to be the newspaper that writes accurate articles about china . 
  now publishing government propaganda ... 
  sad times . 
  sweden , yes . 
  because inefficient transport is a positive quality ? 
  unexplained gender paygap in finland is 6 % , not 18.7 % . 
  bad chart , at least for finland . 
  we need to stop the development aid to these countries until they pay all the parking tickets . 
  more about vag shaped stamp . 
  not sure if anyone has done that before . 
  5th is nice art . 
  the rest are underwhelming, 
   i can these days get 24-pack of 5,3 % beer delivered to my home door for 15 $ pm link or did n't happen :-d, 
  because high on meth and apparently selling magic mushrooms in front of the presidential palace ... 
  it is . 
  the attitude needs to be similar to a circus visit . 
  now this cowie guy would be an interesting fellow to take to a pub . 
  sputnik never fails . 
  we should have a weekly `` best of sputnik '' thread . 
  where is my global cost benchmark for a bombed mudhut ? 
  russian seem to brag that they can do it cheaper than us , but where s the proof ? 
  found nothing on the son `` escaping '' from italy . 
  apparently he has `` escaped '' to italy and had bodyguard trouble last year , but that is about it . 
  also the probe is an investigation , not yet a prosecution in court . 
  nothing to escape from , so far . 
   us had n't invaded iraq , there would be ** much less conflict ** in the middle east ? 
  if you leave saddam there in power in 2003 , there is no powerbase for isis . 
  so , yes . 
  ( and leaving is just ass . 
  get back in there and de-anarchise the anarchy that you created . ), 
  haha . 
  discussion over . 
  attention seeking redditors < 3 . 
  which assumption is wrong ? 
  which assumption ? 
  that you are fat ? 
  or cant google ? 
   it 's pretty clear who the freeloaders are here . 
   when you compare budgets , it 's pretty easy to see who the freeriders are . 
  hey , there is an echo here . 
  time for another donut to freshen the brain for another , brand new , argument ? 
  meanwhile , here is my ride from the army ( not my vid though ) https://vimeo.com/30450365, 
  most of finnish military defends the country for free . 
  the salaried personnel is mostly trainers , combat pilots , mechanics and similar . 
  all crew duties ( tank crews , assault infantry , sam batteries , coastal missiles , aircraft battle coordination etc ) are done by conscripts . 
  most of the budget goes to equipment purchases . 
   then correct me .
