  edit : 6500 after 2 days . 
  99000 in end of march . 
  200k end of april . 
  300k end of may . 
  lots of tents needed . 
  since when sexual orientation is a ** value choice ** ? 
  funny enough this sounds like treason . 
  to the gulag , maksim . 
  london had some spectacular curry places . 
  have a good one and enjoy the summer . 
  i call netherlands the netherlands and fyrom macedonia since it is the un regulated name for that dump . 
  man , i guess education is as efficient in greece as the government . 
  go to r/sweden and ask . 
  they ll laugh at your lack of education , but go . 
  be brave . 
  good to be the idiot sometimes . 
  alternatively get a map . 
   ( denmark , norway , and sweden ) that compose scandinavia according to the normal definition might want to learn something , since that greek education seems to be a killer . 
  nordics is the correct term for latter group involving iceland , finland . 
   it consists of five countries ( denmark , finland , iceland , norway , and sweden ) as well as their autonomous regions ( the \u00c5land islands , the faroe islands , and greenland ) . 
  just saying ... maps for everybody , i hear they are real popular in ancient but still ancient greece . 
  bonus points if you find the mountain range which the scandinavian peninsula is named after . 
   scandinavian education do you want to bring up that map and check where scandinavia is ? 
  also check where finland is . 
  just an idea , since you like maps . 
  want me to pull up a map ? 
  of the glorious greece with african goverment efficiency ? 
  enjoy the summer . 
  lots of exotic people . 
  i hope we never do since the route is real easy and russian mobsters very efficient . 
  they are talking about mobilizing the reserve military police for border patrols to catch the border jumpers . 
  also rejection rate 90 % assylum applicants coming from russia . 
  our government is not corrupt rubbish like yours . 
  at least they are trying to stop the channel before it blows wide open . 
  unlike greece , who let the trample run for years as long as people all go to germany . 
  corruption ranking at african level , massive economic failure , no fiscal budget balance since 70s . 
  why you guys are in eu is a really big question in the first place ... why someone let you in is a massive question . 
  namibia has more efficient government than greece . 
  i am just stating a fact : 1 million africans will come to greece this summer . 
  last summer they went to germany . 
  this summer they will stay at macedonian border . 
  nothing to argue or debate . 
  that million will be there . 
  your arguments are : a ) look at the map b ) border control is technically impossible c ) border control is not internationally allowed by treaties . 
  my argument is : a , b and c are all rubbish excuses for limp corrupt goverment . 
  you have no choice since greece will filled to boot by summer if nothing is done . 
  and no , i give as much shit as you give about the new smuggling channel from india to north finland . 
  you fix your end and we fix ours . 
  simple shit . 
  going in circles buddy . 
  2 months and the riot in macedonian border will be in the news . 
  that is fantastic . 
  nowhere to hide . 
   impossible practically and legally rubbish . 
  but hey , there will be a million people camping in greece by september . 
  enjoy or do something . 
  you and your maps ... 
  repeating same argument on weekly basis ? 
  your northern cousins have land border under control . 
  all you have to do is solve the sea border and that million `` tourists '' will stay in turkey . 
  ( finland has 1300km russian border , which looks like this : http://im.mtv.fi/image/5274166/landscape16_9/850/478/517f02cffef27ddecee241b50b43b224/jc/11008675.jpg ), 
  probably easier though . 
  we have some 1000km and it is all forest . 
   stanley weiss , a global mining executive and founder of washington-based business executives for national security , has been widely published on domestic and international issues for three decades . 
  seems like this guy has a beef with erdogan , not turkey 's nato membership . 
  so mudhut dictators are only tolerable for mining executives when they guarantee stability ? 
   alexis tsipras said existing eu agreements on taking in refugees must be implemented without further delay , and strongly criticized austria for restricting immigration flows . 
   tsipras proposed to greece 's parliament wednesday to demand , at the forthcoming march 7 eu summit , that all eu countries be obliged to share , proportionately , in the burden of relocating and resettling refugees . 
  good luck with that . 
  rather just do some border control , like your lovely neighbor to the north . 
  you forgot the corruption and democratically elected dictator . 
  on more serious note , cleric is an university degree in finland . 
  i dont see any reason why muslims cleric should be less qualified . 
  2 % iq keeps the extremists at bay ... add taxations and mosque council to use the funds with democratic oversight of the mosque goers and you have fully functional western style religion . 
  ( personally i think people who believe in magic creatures are silly , but even more silly is let extremists tell kids that the magic man wants to blow themselves up ... ), 
  it is either this , or saudi extremist money . 
  next step is to start theology programs in universities to qualify these people . 
  do even know what war is ? 
  close the border or enjoy the million that will camp in macedonian border this summer . 
   i think we have a pretty good idea what border control is most of europe thinks otherwise . 
  since the border to macedonia is closed , expecting the interest in border control to gain traction . 
   why the fuck should we risk war then the day is see 2 nato countries in war with each other quite distant . 
  which one is the us going to bomb , turkey or greece ? 
  quit making excuses for your impotent government and fix the border . 
  thank you . 
  now write your pm to buy couple water cannon boats in that one measly crossing so we all avoid a lot of trouble . 
  you are advocating a knee jerk distribution of greek passports to africans . 
  afterwards you need visa to even visit places like turkey ... 
  if eu lets you stay , then the whole eu needs a visa to go egypt and most of the other countries in the world . 
  that is not feasible option . 
  i would n't mid if you are kicked . 
  bulgaria has better government than greece and at least they are trying to improve . 
  someone nuked it . 
  please do . 
  plenty of people already think greece has no place in euro , schengen or the eu . 
  please issue passports so we can kick you out of the union . 
  please . 
  you close the border . 
  like you should have done 3 years ago . 
  you know , border control ?
