  it is my sworn duty to teach every overweight american things that you can google . 
  umm . 
  i think you misunderstand how the army works in finland . 
  there should be no reason to be there , unless gwb `` weaponz of mass destruction '' scam . 
  why us has to freeload on finland to clean up their own manure ? 
  fix iraq , you broke it in the first place . 
  tells you something about freeloading when peacekeeping midget like finland is cleaning up us mess in north iraq . 
   is n't finland deployed in both iraq , syria ? 
  nope . 
  north iraq training kurdish militants with 50 career officers . 
   enjoying the benefits of an international order safeguarded by the united states holy fuck . 
  we are currently enjoying a massive refugee/terrorist influx because us has destabilized the middle east in last 10 years . 
  french should veto the next mudhut `` freedom '' bombings and safeguard the world order from us ... 
  5 month old repost ? 
  stirring up crap . 
  un peacekeeping force is spectating treaties , not a defensive war unit . 
  deflection of responsibility ... `` other people 's fault '', 
   just because the target is military i do n't think it makes the attack any less of a terror attack come on . 
  the name for `` terror '' attack against military targets is guerilla warfare . 
  trying too hard . 
  the fine is between 400 to 3000e . 
  that s a lot of beer . 
  owl ( all 5 species ) is a protected species in finland . 
  you get fines if you kill one . 
  yet . 
  the only problem is that mexicans do n't want to blow themselves up in public , so driving several million refugees into us might not result in terrorism . 
  btw have you followed what a half decade of drone strikes did to yemen ? 
  surely making steady progress to democracy as we speak . 
  quite far from civil war . 
  it is our god given right as proud europeans to invade and blow up mudhut countries into full blown anarchy . 
  god bless retardia . 
  despite the `` coalition of willing '' renamed the freedom fries since french did n't want to blow up a completely innocent country ? 
  on more serious note : us , uk , australia and poland . 
  and zero wmds found despite driving the whole country to anarchy . 
  funniest crap : cia fucked up the wmd intel in the 2nd gulf war and creates isis . 
  now whines about incompetent intelligence officials . 
  eu should blow up mexico until they have civil war . 
  just for world balance . 
  none of this would have happened without the iraq invasion part 2 that created isis . 
  quit blowing up countries so there is no need for all this bullshit . 
  northern coast of was extremely attractive and well developed . 
  gijon - santader - san sebastian road trip , with small inlet to rioja wine region . 
  great roads , low traffic . 
  nice people and good sights . 
   belgian police has over 40k police officers right now , and are in desperate need of more . 
  swedish police had 29k police officers in 2014 . 
  meanwhile finland has 7k officers , and we are cutting . 
  half the population of sweden . 
  the reason of cutting , increased immigration budget . 
  / popcorn, 
   the eu and turkey reconfirmed their commitment to re-energise the accession process joke of the day . 
  turkey is 30 years out and heading completely opposite direction . 
  year 2000 turkey , maybe . 
  year 2016 turkey , hell no . 
  i think it is fantastic . 
  every crazy persons signs up to a facebook list , which makes it really easy to find and identify perps when something happens . 
  they should make facebook groups mandatory for all terror , vigilante , extra justice , criminal biker gangs . 
  fun fact , soros was the financier for `` kouri kaupat '' that set off the 1990s collapse of markka . 
  soros lent the money to kouri who the cornered 25 % of finnish banking sector . 
  fun times . 
   i 've heard they like wood . 
  there is relatively few cubes of wood per hectare in lappland . 
  it is mostly in the tundra zone , thus a lot of the better wood producing areas are more around oulu . 
  for the whole 12 days between mar1st and and mar 11th ? 
  why post this rubbish ? 
  would make 280 escapes per year . 
  actual escapes make then news maybe twice a year , if even that . 
  this story includes the people who arrive too late from their weekend home-rehabilitations ? 
  not sure if the european farmers have dipped -40 % in a year though . 
  also , keskusta is the farmer party and currently the largest party in parliament . 
  going to be interesting to see how the government handles this mess while simultaneously cutting budget deficit on massive scale . 
  some inflation would be real dandy . 
  we are close to deflation at the moment . 
  this is one of the asymmetric economic shocks that people keep using as an example why euro exit needs to happen . 
   accelerated talks on turkey 's eu membership yea , absolutely fucking not . 
  dictatorship with no free speech and tanking women 's rights ? 
  are they even a pseudo democracy anymore ? 
  obama will be remembered as the most warmongering nobel peace price winner ever . 
   our plan i heard your government has great problems in acting on any type of plans , or making plans in the first place . 
  hope you enjoy the camp , thanks to your superior border control . 
  who cares ? 
  that colonialist crap should be gone already . 
  seen russian street names lately ? 
  every country needs a loonie . 
  paavo is ours , and luckily quite far from actual power . 
  edit : he should really ask teuvo to be one of the founding members . 
  2 loonies for price of one . 
  great deal . 
  that if the study is done from mapping general place names with saint in them , mikkeli very unlikely to show up . 
  also , the name of mikkeli is mikkeli not st.michel . 
  if it passes , then majority of the people must think it is `` not crazy '' . 
  the most moronic suggestions get weeded . 
  good system , no problem . 
  for what ? 
  all the crazy stuff got voted against . 
  only swiss system i am butthurt about is the tax evasion boosted banking sector . 
  voting system is fantastic . 
  people can actually have a say how the country is run . 
  going to be a massive camp by the summer ... camp of epic proportions . 
  good thing is that eu can undertake management , unlike in the turkish camps .
