  where can i sign ? 
  combination of maniac neighbours , faulty currency and evolution of internet eating into paper manufacturing ... not really eu 's fault , but we could have done a far more flexible response locally . 
  if you see that map , only germans are happy . 
  the rest is in the tank . 
  euro too strong , russian sanctions , traditional industries transforming and couple really idiotic eu policies ( like sulphur tax on shipping ) . 
  it all sums up . 
  this poll includes also women and apparently old people . 
   a majority ( 52 % ) of women surveyed across the globe said they would be willing to fight ( vs. 67 % ) among men . 
  those aged 18-34 years ( 66 % ) are the most willing . 
  of the variety of religious denominations covered in the survey we see those muslims ( 78 % ) are most willing to fight for their country . 
  also , fiji gets the top score with 94 % ... 
  variation by religion : http://gallup-international.bg/images/fight_0515/3.jpg, 
  bestonia at 80 . 
  20 % gap to latvia and nearly 30 % gap to average for former victims of communism . 
  i think it is the annual `` poliisit '' series . 
  cops scooting around and herding drunken idiots with funny banter . 
  edit . 
  instead of the gollum ? 
  i d go with the zombie . 
  means nothing since it is not tied to gdp or per capita . 
  literally tells you there are a lot people in the us and china ... 
  the pretender to cocos islands sold his country for 4.7 mil usd and moved to australia . 
  not really a good way to be a king ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_of_the_cocos_islands, 
  polls mean nothing when erdogan is gunning for the eventual dictatorship . 
  giant squid ate another one . 
  romano prodi 's funny dealings with the squid are well published . 
  74 % against , 16 % agree . 
  why is finland green in this ? 
  question 1 : do you accept the us government led invasion to iraq . 
  yes : 14.0 % no : 76.4 % undecided : 9.6 % source : page 7 . 
  finnish personal opinions on iraq war . 
  ( 1300 respondents , collected 2 days after the invasion start ) https://services.fsd.uta.fi/catalogue/fsd1301/pip/cbf1301.pdf, 
   mao the hitler equivalent in china is hong xiuquan , not mao . 
  unsafe = active genocide . 
  living in a country does n't mean you automatically need protection for 100 % of populace . 
  oversimplification on many levels . 
  finland is trouble due to paper consumption falling and the pulp getting replaced by cheaper production methods , main trading partner getting sanctioned , overvalued euro ( or rigid currency ) , various insane eu policies ( sulfur tax for every export going to eruope ) , and so on ... 4 am , might write morre tomorrow , but ** blaming this on fall of nokia is horse shit . 
  that intervention you quoting was a land grab , not real help . 
  finland had a deep water port in the far north so you could just sail to finland ... 
  the french started loading an infantry brigade ( based in belley ) to send to finland . 
  stalin wanted to avoid fighting the west , so the invasion was stopped . 
  read henrik tala ( 2012 ) https://helda.helsinki.fi/handle/10138/33185 stalin 's offer has been a bit of mystery , since the finnish army was almost out of ammo and men while the russians were not involved in any other wars . 
  so basically stalin just backed off and left finland for no other reason than massive casualties . 
  fully noted . 
  also see the franco intervention that actually took place , without the british pussyfooting . 
  britain = thanks for nothing . 
  except finland . 
  thanks for nothing . 
  what a clickbait title . 
  why do you invent such an insult to the title ? 
  which line is the fuhrer mentioned ? 
  where do they talk about the jews ? 
  ban this fool please . 
  til asphalt can melt . 
  also , it is frost . 
  inari has +1 c forecast for tomorrow night time . 
  the blue line used to be called `` the orient express '' in 2000s when i lived in stockholm . 
  because hungarians should be total eu bitches after the receiving financial support ? 
  democracy is based on balance of different views based on voting . 
  go live in russia if you want unitary view about everything . 
  italy , spain , portugal and greece got absolutely killed in 2007 . 
  some recovery has happened , but the overall `` eu trust '' went from 70 % to 20 % and now up to 30 % . 
  ffs go to italy and try banning prosciutto . 
  predates the christianity , writing and maybe even the use of pork in finland . 
  came here for `` whats up netherlands '' ... y u do dis ? 
  scotland is going to be abroad real soon . 
  i heard the weather is pleasant . 
  laws in finland are made by the parliament , not the systembolaget in sweden ... 
  unless you all think finnish laws are made in brussels , by the federal government . 
  local laws concerning specific finnish internal market ? 
  absolutely nothing to do with eu . 
  unless you think eu is a federal state , which at least finland has n't joined ... 
  in other news eu tries extremely hard to kill the wood conversion industry in finland . 
  now eu `` approval '' is required for adjusting the completely domestic alcohol monopoly . 
  not a good week for eu in finland and the municipality elections are in one week . 
  more like 20 years after the launch at this speed . 
  10 years after the `` launch '' the plane is not even close to operational ... project scheduling is not mandatory in murica , or tag an extra 15 years on the project just in case . 
  well , at least you got something for you billions unlike with the floating tank . 
  now how about italy and spain ? 
  next trump-brexit-aliens lurks there ... 
  if we were to pit an equal amount of american engineers vs. european engineers ... well , you 'd have a flying tank with that 22 billion spent on the landing craft . 
  roughly 360 000 man years of engineering work . 
  murican engineering < 3 . 
  have a great weekend . 
  shine ? 
  more like starting fly . 
  that s why trump is halving the purchases and buying 70s f18s . 
  because f35 is just too good to use . 
  and you are proving that nothing is more retarded than us tax payer . 
  do n't even care you poop 100s of billions into bad projects and get nothing . 
  oh and read this about f35 . 
  pretty nice paper . 
  p20 for general presentation about classic fighter plane performance characteristics . 
  makes no sense whatsoever . 
  finland 's strong areas are ice worthy ships , apcs and grenade launchers . 
   telling me you think it is clearly surpassed clue : it is surpassed by everything on the market , since it is 60 years old . 
  why it is 60 years old ? 
  because 4 replacement programs in tune of 20 billion have failed for the land systems . 
  and that is why you are using 70s swiss tech made in canada . 
  as for f35 ...
