   cost saving reasons do n't fit . 
  really ? 
  so putting an extra 6 billion into a whole fleet of planes is cheap ? 
  comparing to 1.4 billion for mlu 1 , 2 , the ground strike weapons and other trinkets . 
  the point being that any plane can take 4 amraams . 
  if you are planning dogfighter with amraams , you dont need a massive bomber . 
  now that we have the glide bombs , hornet has an actual purpose . 
  what i mean : gripen/f35 payload : 5300kg/8100kg empty weight : 6300kg/13000kg speed : 2.0 / 1.6 mach hardpoints : 8/6 amraams : 4/4, 
  what i meant is that we have a heavy fighter that we are not planning to arm to full capacity . 
  could just put the same couple missiles into lighter frame . 
  this maybe changed in 2014 since we actually got some smart payload to carry . 
  flying them with 2 a2a missiles per plane is pretty much same as driving a truck with one apple on back . 
   hornet fits to the needs very well . 
  i am in the school of thought that the needs were adjusted to fit the hornet . 
  check some international quotes about the hornet purchase . 
  otherwise it would n't have been upgraded with two multi-billion mid-life upgrade cheaper than buying new planes . 
  cost saving reasons . 
  i wonder if us will really maintain the outsourced service model . 
  i d suppose it breaks the deal since nobody will assume war time service in defensive war . 
  not quite sure why that is even on the table . 
  and since it is on the table , then how the estimates can even be in the ballpark ? 
  good thing they changed the puolustusministeri\u00f6n kansliap\u00e4\u00e4llikk\u00f6 to the old purchasing guy . 
  maybe we dont end up with heavy fighter aircraft that is running with 1/3 of maximum weapon payload ... 
  wroom . 
  so you are saying that also the gripen will have life cycle cost of 3.7 times the original purchase price ? 
  extremely high number in my opinion . 
  the document is a short outline of the whole hornet purchase with excellent info , if you want to translate it in google translate . 
  most of this type of historical documentation is done by old people in as hobby . 
  no english sources available . 
  only amateurs get the trolley . 
  you need to carry your booze now , so `` m\u00e4yr\u00e4koira '' is the way to go . 
  f16 latest model at time of purchase was not operational . 
  also there is a reference about f16 purchase price being limited by us government `` cheapest price '' clause . 
  f15e was not offered . 
  f-35 is insanely expensive to operate , finland needs 90 % supply security instead of performance based logistics and us does n't do bilateral arms deals . 
  operating f-35s would cost finland more than the annual material purchase for the army . 
  this is not feasible . 
  hornet doesnt fit the need for current airforce . 
  finland needs an air superiority fighter with minor ground strike capability . 
  hornet would have not been bought if we had the budget . 
  none of the european candidates were `` fully developed '' . 
  jeltsin offered mig29 for practically free , but surprisingly got rejected . 
  super hornet makes about least sense . 
  short : - expected cost 5-10 billion eur , with 20-30 billion lifetime costs . 
  - strongest candidates f-35 and next generation gripen - f-35 purchase cost is 136-142million per plane . 
  no bilateral sourcing , which limits us opportunity to sell . 
  - f-35 annual operation costs are 78 % higher than the planes it is replacing in the us . 
  ( f-15 , 16 , 18 ) - the guy leading the purchase is retired airforce chief : https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/lauri_puranen - performance based logistics ( for maintenance ) is problematic , since finland expects 90 % of maintenance locally . 
   nato seen in finland mostly for mindless bombing in far flung corners of the world . 
  security = defense , not invasions . 
  how much turkey bombs that party ? 
  isis , the ones that these `` terrorists '' are fighting in north iraq . 
  i hope these were not the ones that finland is training to take mosul in the spring . 
  fun fact : itko does n't even penetrate mi-24 hind or the later models . 
  i ll stop it when your country stops destabilizing the oil producing countries and those citizens stop piling into my country . 
  we just cut daycare , social security , unemployment benefits , healthcare salaries , sold bunch of state property and what not because refugee costs are 1 billion next year . 
  thanks gwb , i really want stop all the above so you can blow up countries ... 
  you are occupying a part of eu ... not sure why they are considering the joint patrols . 
  next , russia patrols the finnish border . 
  completely insane . 
  i bet the us will invade saudi arabia within few months `` for weapons of mass destruction '' . 
  cant have the big oil in the ropes , so better blow something up . 
  quick , put that nobel peace price winner to work already . 
  trust the finland - russian border to anything related to eu ? 
  no thanks . 
  we have literally zero corruption in the border guards , which is pretty nice . 
   i do n't see why not because iraq has death penalty and these guys will certainly qualify . 
   vote against mandatory quotas . 
  poland can still deny the applications and not much can be done about that . 
  so why they didnt get one with clothes ? 
  also , 4 dicks are not obscene ? 
  now it looks like the parliament is getting mooned . 
  my favorites were denmark and portugal . 
  i was looking at the picture thinking : i bet the restaurant never serves beans ... 
  why is the middle statue in finnish parliament showing ass ? 
  all the male statues are there with balls out ... 
  so syrians are currently invading the us and you need finland to defend your soil ? 
  i think have missed some recent news . 
  pretty sure matrix is not a finnish user . 
  quite advanced vocabulary, 
  haha . 
  that is bush war against the wmds . 
  ask him to help ... why the hell would finland take part in a civil war especially on the side of the rebels ? 
  stabilizing for a government might be ok , but not for assad . 
  more like places to de stabilize , and the oil price is still low . 
  what to do , what to do ... maybe us needs to end some of this low intensity conflict ? 
  now that s fiscal disaster for the equipment suppliers . 
  where you come up with this bs ? 
  mosul at the border of the current kurd area . 
  now we just hope russian carpet bombing in the turkish areas in syria and we are well of to a more balanced world . 
  bush can burn in hell . 
  sincerely , most of eu with a brain . 
  not talking about libya yet , but destabilizing oil producers with airstrikes seem real popular . 
  maybe something about making money for big oil ? 
  us voters are damn near idiots . 
   wiping out isis is very difficult . 
  sure . 
  just arm the kurds to teeth in north iraq and it is done . 
  but can 's since turkey doesnt approve . 
  hopefully the ruskies will fix the us failings in the region .
