  what is a yellow banana in this context ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if you are referring to the neutrino experiment , those neutrinos travel though the rock without a tunnel . 
  probably not , screwing around on that scale might change the local climate , and europe is pretty risk-averse . 
  also on a more cynical note , considering the whole refugee/migrants thing , opening land bridges to africa is the last thing people want . 
  educated germans used to have a faible for french words that looks extravagant these days , and as been peu a peu been replaced by english words which are en vogue now . 
  might even be a fauxpas sie zu forcieren . 
  [ :'( ] ( http://bilder4.n-tv.de/img/incoming/crop10841791/3681323282-cimg_16_9-w1200/5444642.jpg ), 
  all of it ? 
  could one not make an argument , that russia is its own thing , and neither europe nor asia ? 
  the fantastic hungarian film [ kontroll ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfhesbsfjxk ) . 
  it 's funny , it 's atmospheric , it 's exciting , it 's gripping and it 's beautiful . 
  filmed entirely in the subway system of budapest . 
  i can not recommend this movie enough . 
  hey , i just saw that one at the post office !, 
  there needs to be a hungarian here who mentions [ kontroll ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmkkjbrjdia ), 
  * prussians . 
  southern germans know berg heil , petri heil , etc. 
  agreed . 
  also too much sugar . 
  personally i prefer tea without any . 
  is haskell worth it in practice ? 
  i had a look at it , and it seems like a nice language , if quite abstract in places ( i 'm not sure i understand typeclasses , that 's where i stopped reading ) . 
  i mostly use python , which seems to have borrowed things like list comprehensions and tuple unpacking , is there a reason why i might choose haskell over python , and in which scenarios ? 
  yes , it is . 
  hamburg is not so bad , but berlin ? 
  i meant german as in the language , specifically not to exclude you guys . 
  austrians ( and i guess the swiss , too , kind of , i guess ? ), 
  are family . 
  what seems to work in defense is putting out your hand to shake as far out as possible as soon as the french person notices you and not letting them get near you . 
  how about northern germany gets together with the netherlands and parts of belgium , and southern germany gets together with austria and south tyrol . 
  it 's funny you mentioned munich : in the english garden , the big central park of the city , there are explicitly nudist zones . 
  and not closed off or anything , you just wander through it and behold , topless and naked people . 
  and nobody freaks out . 
  you could probably ( i 'm not volunteering ) walk naked through the city center , and not much would happen . 
  that renaming was such a bullshit move . 
  you do n't get rid of a problem by calling it something different . 
  why are there so many allees in france ? 
  the germans like to march in the shade . 
  considering france has nuclear weapons , yes . 
  but france is our best friend in the world now , right ? 
  i know a guy who does it as a hobby , and every bigger city in germany has a gym or whatever they have . 
  seems to me that things like taekwondo are more popular , though . 
  on the other hand , if we limit the discussion to europe , there are more native german speakers and i suspect more secondary german speakers as well . 
  completely tangential , but now i think i understand why the sounds of esperanto are called `` essentially slavic '' , they seem very similar , with c , \u0109 , \u011d , \u0135 , s , \u015d and z. 
  that reminds me : at the end of each school year , there was a church service organized by the religious education teachers . 
  most teachers , the headmaster and so on were there . 
  for the longest time i assumed it was mandatory . 
  turns out , no it was n't , they just neglected to explicitly tell us . 
  the pleading allegiance to the flag thing is massively creepy , especially making little children do it . 
  maybe that comes from me being german , and it 's different in other european countries , but that has such a strong nazi vibe . 
  so which peaks do you choose ? 
  seen from which countries ? 
  no matter what you do , it will always be specific to some countries . 
  and what happens when a new country joins the euro zone ? 
  and maybe there was once a battle near that mountain , and the losing country sees it as a provocation by the winner . 
  and so on and so on . 
  the only way to be absolutely neutral is to be totally generic . 
  so i was reading the wikipedia article about the greeting `` servus '' , and it claims that is used in many countries across europe . 
  i used to think it was south-german specific . 
  do you use it in your region ? 
  how is it used ? 
  who uses it ? 
  [ removed ], 
  so i was thinking , would more european megaprojects be a good thing ? 
  defined as `` temporary endeavours ( i.e. 
  projects ) characterized by : large investment commitment , vast complexity ( especially in organizational terms ) , and long-lasting impact on the economy , the environment , and society '' . 
  so think apollo program , three gorges dam , human genome project , etc. 
  of course there are some at the moment , most of them of scientific nature ( cern experiments , esa missions , big telescopes , ... ) so are there projects you would like to see ? 
  are there enough already ? 
  or are those generally a bad idea and prone to failure and/or a waste of money ? 
  i really hate being in another country and not being able to talk to the locals . 
  learning dozens of languages would be an extremely inefficient solution . 
  so we use some lingua franca , these days almost always english . 
  but i often find in practice that people , if they speak english at all , speak it so badly and/or heavily accented that it makes it difficult and slow to communicate . 
  one possible solution that 's offered is using an easy to learn auxiliary language instead , the biggest still surviving one is esperanto . 
  being so regular , and drawing from common words from european languages , i found it very pleasant to learn . 
  so , am i a deluded idealist , or could esperanto ( or something like it ) be a useful tool for intra-european communication ? 
  as the last days have demonstrated thoroughly , europe is the continent of castles . 
  we have a great number of impressive castles of all types , spanning millennia . 
  but in recent decades , this great tradition has almost come to a complete halt . 
  only the french are actively constructing a [ new one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gu%c3%a9delon_castle ) , and it 's a tiny , provincial one . 
  i 'm saying we need new castles for the modern world . 
  and as we have seen with cern and esa , we achieve unrivaled greatness when all of europe collaborates . 
  so , would you support a petition to build in europe the biggest and awesomest castle ever conceived ? 
  apparently potatoes were met with skepticism when they first introduced to europe , and it took some special figures to convince people to accept them into their fields and diets . 
  also the story of having potato fields guarded by soldiers and deliberately letting peasants steal them at night to improve their image seems to be pop up again and again . 
  so what 's the story in your country of the introduction of the most glorious edible tuber and their heroes ? 
  4th of july ? 
  why do you hate the higgs boson discovery day ? 
  [ here is the relevant law ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p0863 ) . 
  tldr using it in art and some other circumstances is allowed . 
  those idiots really make me angry . 
  they literally have no idea what they are talking about :  when asked why she was at the pantheon location of the human chain protesting iter , however , she was less sure . 
  `` i do n't actually look into the details anymore , '' she said , offering no comment on the project . 
  their whole `` reasoning '' is nuclear = bad . 
  the kind of people who will not eat something that `` has genes in it '' . 
  yes renewable energy is nice , but it will very likely not be enough . 
  and there is the possibility of fusion power , criminally underfunded in my opinion , which would improve so much over the current fission plants . 
  no dangers of runaway reactions , explosions or meltdowns , while only producing small amounts of easy to handle radioactive waste .
