well , we are getting far afeild in our freedom comparisons , but let me address the death penalty first . 
  i am 100 % against it , and it 's not even for reasons of high abstract ideals . 
  it is because of practical matters . 
  in reality , the people who get executed are poor and often poorly represented . 
  i am already not a fan of giving the state power to remove life in a deliberate fashion . 
  lastly , many people executed have been found innocent after the fact . 
  this is disgusting and having the death penalty serves no purpose that can compensate for its drawbacks . 
  but , this is an issue of freedom that effects a tiny , tiny percentage of the population . 
  where the limits of free speech meet the law effect everyone in a free society - either directly , as speakers of politic , or indirectly by living in this society . 
  of course it ca n't be limitless . 
  but it 's very tricky . 
  kkk lit / mein kampf , are 100 % legal , as they should be . 
  once you make them illegal you give them power . 
  sure , that means dead-enders will read them . 
  freedom is n't easy . 
  can you as a german not read kkk stuff ? 
  the protocol of zion ? 
  do n't you think to have such strong opinions on why they are terrible , you should be able to judge for yourself ? 
  how about the next generation ? 
  are they to grow up with forbidden information , that no one knows about but must protect against ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  as for kiddy porn , that particular issue - i believe there is a website that advocates man/boy abuse , and it has actually been defended by the aclu . 
  personally i think that is too far . 
  but that is the challenge we have . 
  ** because everyone is enjoying downvoting me here , i ca n't reply very often . 
  just a friendly fyi from a westerner who seeks to compare freedom notes with other westerners , but is somehow seen as something else **, 
  i ca n't reply that much here , but i want to address this , as it 's an interest of mine . 
  yes , you 're correct . 
  but the enlightenment did n't come out of the ether . 
  the reformation spurred much of it , and before that things like * magna carta * were laying groundwork . 
  and we can go to the greeks as well . 
  as an american , a new englander , we were not taught 16/17/18th c. european history at all , really , kind of a shame . 
  but it 's my current interest , 17th century england/new england freedom germination , especially . 
  let me be more precise - you 're not making the crucial distinction between a private group making a private decision , and having the government monitor and seek to file criminal charges for speech . 
  they are very different animals , and should not be conflated . 
  as for actual jailing ( in europe of the us ) i worry much much more about self-censorship than i do the law as executed by the book . 
  the laws stifle `` good '' dissent as well as bad ( swastikas and such . ), 
  freedom of speech is the most important right , because saying unpopular , but necessary things is hard . 
  of course , i can only try to understand how uncomfortable it must be as a native german seeing a parade like that . 
  as far as our regulations - i was referencing ted kennedy 's hate speech law specifically . 
  of course , over 240 years of case and legislative law , we have self-determined as some of the freest people the earth has ever known . 
  and even before that , we had a giant head start with the underpinning of english common law . 
  so if i typed to you right now that i think illegal immigration from , say brazil is out of control i can do so . 
  i could even say unkind things about them , collectively ( though , honestly i would n't . 
  but i * could * , by right ) the elites love endless cheap labor , of course , and they love power . 
  when speech tightens the powerful become more powerful . 
  it 's a repeatable truth of history . 
  i do n't take it for granted . 
  not as an adult . 
  and i want europe to be strong . 
  we need you guys , i 'm a westerner just as much as i am an american . 
  china and much of the world do not have this bracing . 
  edit : i 'm new here , so i ca n't post too often . 
  you 're glossing over the distinction of powers a bit . 
  an employer is a private entity , even if it 's the government . 
  as you probably know , civil lawsuits in the us are a shamefully large slice of our economy - all organisations do all they can to limit exposure to them . 
  and so firing for slurs of protected groups happen . 
  as they often should . 
  but the person who utters the slurs faces social stigma usually - not criminal . 
  as it should be in a functioning society . 
  providing a link from 2002 showing someone being jailed for speech indicates how very , very rare it is . 
  we have had `` hate '' speech laws on the books for 20 years or so . 
  before that , crimes were crimes , and speech was speech . 
  even before `` hate speech '' though , technically speech could be a crime , obviously . . for example the crime of `` assault '' is verbally accosting someone in an ongoing harassing manner . 
  if this is true , then the poster has my apologies . 
  but we are all aware that * ` merica * is shorthand reddit slang for ignorant american , are n't we ? 
  i have trouble seeing this as coincidence , considering the reply . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  if it 's banned as an `` exempt `` organization it can still continue - just without the non-profit/house of worship status ? 
    merican here did you really chop off the first letter of my nation as a sort of transatlantic school-yard insult ? 
  ( so witty !, 
  social conditioning at its finest ! ), 
  i guess you and i ca n't continue , but i suspect you were n't interested in a discussion anyway . . 
  i do n't think he 's arguing intensity , but rather direction . 
  we , the west , expended so , so much to secure our freedoms , over millennia . 
  giving up our enlightened , natural rights should be reserved for the most extreme cases . 
  anything less dishonors our ancestors . 
  curbing speech , thought , opinions and associations should almost never happen in a functioning western democracy . 
  this is absolutely bone chilling . 
  i had no idea germany criminalized * opinions * that are probably held by millions of germans . 
  i get the post war ban on national-socialist revival stuff , i do . 
  but this has clearly been a slippery slope !, 
  btw you guys have the best mineral water . 
  gerolsteiner ... 
  drink cases of the stuff . 
  that 's incredibly misanthropic . 
  you truly think enjoying the natural , god given freeborn right to speak unpopular things can only lead to endless hate ? 
  sunlight is always the best disinfectant . 
  do n't you think that history means you should be wary of letting the leaders lead the public into insane directions ? 
  american here . 
  how does a western government `` ban '' a religious sect , no matter how antisocial ? 
  why not charge criminal intent , or conspiracy to commit them ? 
  is there no equivalent to the 1st amendment in germany ? 
  no right to free association ? 
  this all seems so convoluted . 
  ) govt bans dissent from ethnic germans . 
  ) govt realizes complaints are valid . 
  ) govt seeks to ban salafists . 
  lulz . 
  does german govt think they can ban their way out of this pickle ?
