  you think white privilege is n't real ? 
  have you ever been outside ? 
  how about abolishing wage slavery, 
  real change will come from the people , not from a presidential candidate, 
  you 're joking , but a liberal literally said this to me on reddit : http://imgur.com/2qcsy1p, 
  i assumed they were n't being ironic because that sub is very pro-hillary, 
  edit : i do n't see anything pro-trump in their post history, 
  this does n't mean he 's a trump supporter , i also have comments in r/t _ d and i 'm a socialist, 
  kurds in rojava are some of the most progressive people in the whole middle east . 
  they fight for gender equality and democracy , and are opposed to nationalism . 
  is it true that the agriculture in rojava consists only of wheat because of an old embargo by the syrian government ? 
  and is the general population on board with the whole revolution/democratic confederalism thing ? 
  and is it more just a fight with isis , or fighting in a revolution ? 
  i 'm really fascinated by rojava , and i 'm curious about many things about it . 
  i 'm thinking about joining , but not as a soldier probably . 
  is there tension/conflict beween turkish kurds and kurds in rojava ? 
  http://rojavaplan.com/join.html there 's like 20 pages worth of information on them . 
  their political ideology is called democratic confederalism , it 's a leftist ideology . 
  from what i heard they kinda view the whole thing as a revolution . 
  fighting isis means fighting for the revolution . 
  also , they do n't want to form a nation state , as they think nationalism causes the most problems in the middle east , as opposed to iraqi and turkish kurds who want to form kurdistan . 
  their army , the ypg is pretty much liberating a new kurdish village from isis every week or so , they are progressing really fast . 
  it 's not perfect though , for example they are under an embargo and their agriculture is very lacking . 
  it 's very promising though , i hope after isis is defeated , everything will be alright . 
  read here , not rojavi kurds . 
  so everyone who disagrees is a shill ? 
  they can still preserve their kurdish values , culture and traditions without forming a state . 
  and dom of course , dont forget dom, 
  sustainable ? 
  global warming is a chinese hoax , right ? 
  cuba is the only country in the world to have achieved sustainable growth . 
  i was mocking the guy who said capitalism is sustainable, 
  this really hit my deceased horse, 
  the problem with them is that they are so caught up in their ideology they actually start worshipping the people who exploit them, 
  me too , sometimes i say that capitalism will inevitably collapse on its own contradictions and they laugh as if it was a joke, 
  you can read communist literature on marxists.org . 
  ultimately nothing you find on internet forums is as good as the actual books written about it . 
  this is a fact, 
  :( mine still works perfectly , and i 'm sure it could handle n, 
  i hate people who say liberalism is leftist, 
  r/socialism also got to r/all a couple of times this week , there 's so many liberals there now, 
  bonus points for thinking the russian federation is communist, 
  is that what they teach you in america ? 
  that 's actually really sad, 
  that they teach propaganda like this in america , and that you and the 38 people who upvoted you actually believe this, 
  i 've been using purenexus for a couple of months , it 's working really well so far, 
   overthrowing a democraticly elected leader who is devolving into a dictatorship, 
  this part , the usa overthrows democratically elected leaders as soon as they are elected if they are in any way socialist . 
  they replace them with dictators , brutal military regimes , actual fascists . 
  what is the point of that subreddit ? 
  you ca n't change shit with bourgeoisie elections , and the green party covers everything they want to do, 
  order of lenin for this amazing comment, 
  liberals do n't know the difference between a non-aggression pact and an alliance, 
  there would n't be an incentive to commit crimes in a communist society . 
  the ussr also won the space race, 
  achieve freedom , end slavery , not ruin our planet , achieve equality , not opress people, 
  at no point did you refer to turkey , i could n't have known you were talking about turkey . 
  and saying that the us only overthrows leaders who are dictators/becoming dictators is n't true , like i said in my earlier comment . 
  it 's just that the person you were replying to was right , but you still `` fixed it for him '' , and you were wrong . 
  but alright , i understand . 
  1917-1921 did n't happen, 
  the mods were the ones censoring the ama , you should n't complain . 
  he should have done the ama in r/iama . 
  edit : i ca n't reply now , because i got banned . 
  the difference is in this sub the mods actually stickied a post saying they were the last bastion of free speech . 
  then proceeded to create the biggest safe space on reddit , while crying about censorship . 
  true , but there would be like 90 % less crimes than now , most crimes are caused by economic and social differences, 
  leaves, 
  corn is revisionist, 
  holy shit this is the epitome of shitliberalssay . 
  the ideology can not get any purer than this . 
  just wow . 
  it 's full of ancaps who have n't even read capital, 
  the internationale is the best in french imo, 
  yep , somehow they do n't get that feudalism and capitalism and socialism are different modes of production and are mutually exclusive, 
  it 's really unfortunate design that the background kinda looks like imperialist japan 's flag, 
  why are both reds and whites on the wall ? 
  which side made this poster ? 
   mature sites like reddit and 4-chan . 
  how about you do n't try and start a debate about communism if you do n't know what communism is . 
  not everyone is an ml , some people do n't want an authoritarian dictatorship of the proletariat, 
   fine . 
  who is going to risk their capital on a startup that has yet to produce profit in order to receive the same compensation as a worker-bee ? 
  i 'm sorry , i really do n't understand this part . 
   how are they supposed to handle downsizing during lean years if everyone gets an equal vote ? 
  will they all vote who is going to be let go as well ? 
  why would there be any kind of recession ? 
  only the market causes recessions , decentralized and centralized planning do n't . 
   what about reinvestment of profits ? 
  what about them ? 
  it gets decided democratically how/where to invest in . 
   will everyone receive an equal wage , because if not , i 'd imagine it will be tough to convince the rank and file to reinvest profits . 
  people will not receive an equal wage , they will not receive any wage , they will receive the full fruits of their labor . 
  this is a really basic part of socialism , you obviously do n't know anything about it , do n't try and start a debate about something you are ignorant about . 
   what happens when a mature company needs an injection of capital ? 
  will the workers shares then be devalued for the new investor ? 
  how about their vote ? 
  there wo n't be outside investors , there wo n't be shares , there wo n't be a stock market , the workers and only the workers will own the company they work at , is it so hard to understand ? 
   do you think it will lead to a more efficient system when the number of votes will lay in the hands of people who are n't educated enough to make an informed decision ? 
  the people who actually work at the company know the most about it and how to run it , not some guy chilling on his yacht , why do you assume they are uninformed about their own work ?
