  btw you still have n't said what you think communism means . 
  english is not my native language , i genuinely did n't understand your question , but it is painfully obvious you do n't anything about the subject . 
  at least read capital , there is no point to debates like this where the first 5 arguments will be me explaining very simple basics to you . 
  how could we possibly have a debate if one party does n't know what the debate is about, 
  that 's not socialism . 
  r/socialism _ 101, 
  you know there 's still poverty right ? 
  you ca n't possibly be this sheltered, 
  lately there have been lots of liberals in this sub , it 's disgusting, 
  [ this one ? 
  do you think allied soldiers in ww2 were just as bad as nazis ? 
  the horseshit theory says otherwise, 
  200 years of economic and political philosophy comes down to stealing toothbrushes from reactionaries, 
  yep , the ` center ' changes constantly throughout history and across different countries . 
  i know that , i just expanded on the point the parent commenter made, 
  sectarianism is a spook, 
  i love how number 8 goes against everything before , it would cause a revolution , not strenghten the state, 
   no , because the nazis had large amounts of power, 
  that 's exactly what we 're trying to prevent . 
  `` only one thing could have stopped our movement -- if our adversaries had understood its principle and from the first day smashed with the utmost brutality the nucleus of our new movement `` . 
  ( adolf hitler ), 
  wrong sub for this, 
  no it is n't , not everyone who disagrees with you is a paid shill you know, 
  i hope i 'll find something on xda, 
  no , this is not what would happen in communism . 
  obviously you do n't know anything about it , so do n't try and start an argument . 
  alright . 
  communism = stateless , classless , moneyless society where the means of production are owned and democratically controlled by the workers . 
  for your first comment : this would n't happen under communism , because there would n't be a state . 
  for your second comment , this would n't happen under communism , because we seek to abolish classes and create a classless society . 
   you ca n't just tell me i know nothing about it because you have no counter argument . 
  that 's not how it works , buddy . 
  i told you you know nothing about it because both your comments proved that you know nothing about it . 
  it 's not a choice , there 's nothing voluntary about working in a capitalist society , you either starve or you have your labor exploited by someone else for profit, 
  america has more people per capita and it 's a melting pot of cultures , and so diverse and big , and they have guns , and they landed on the moon , and they have 200 types of pizza , which are all better than italian pizza, 
  i read the entire thing , you deserve an order of lenin for putting up with his bullshit, 
  yeezy taught you well . 
  they 're reformists . 
  no shit , my comment was pretty much the r/shitamericanssay bingo card , i did n't mean any of those, 
  the thing is , we do have enough resources that we could solve hunger in every part of the world, 
  it happens every time i post in this sub for some reason, 
   they only want communists posting there , which severally limits the potential conversation . 
  it can still be productive , but about less things . 
  this is a problem with all leftists subs , and i agree with you ( i 'm a socialist myself ) . 
  it makes the comment sections very bland most of the time . 
  the problem is , that everytime i see a non-socialist comment in one of those subs , they start arguing with people , and it becomes apparent through their comments that they know jackshit about socialism , so every thread is about socialists explaining basic terms , instead of an actual argument . 
  so after a while people get tired of it , and i guess the mods want to limit these type of threads from occuring . 
  marxists.org is the best resource , you need to actually read communist literature , not just read about it, 
  yeah , i agree . 
  although in the past 2 weeks , r/socialism got to r/all 3-4 times , and it has a sidebar explaining things and pointing to resources , it was still full of shitty comments each time . 
  also there is a debate sub called r/capitalismvsocialism and it 's full of shitposts and strawmen , so i do n't know if intelligent debate is actually possible on reddit :(, 
  that post is so sickening, 
  that sub is a shithole, 
   human nature, 
  redditor disproves 200 years of political , philosophical and economic theory with a single phrase !, 
  socialists hate him !, 
   you ca n't create an economic model that is contrary to human nature and expect it to succeed . 
  for the past 200-250 years , out of the countless anarchist and socialist philosophers , not one of them has thought about human nature . 
  during hundreds of hours of writing and thinking , they never took human nature into account . 
  now , in 2016 a single redditor realizes how to disprove all socialist and anarchist theory at once . 
  pager university is low hanging fruit for this sub tbh, 
  how the fuck did this obvious propaganda get gold, 
  in all paradox grand strategy games too sadly , communism = ml state capitalism, 
  he used to , but now he 's moved on to like 7d connect the four in the past week, 
  it makes perfect sense with context , so no, 
  not only a libertarian , but also someone who is extremely ignorant of philosophy , politics and economics , but acts like he is an expert on them . 
  it 's ironic that most of the stuff like abolishment of child labor , the weekend , shorter workdays , better safety for workers and better working conditions in western capitalist societies have been achieved by unions and labor movements , which were/are socialist/anarchist in ideology . 
  liberalism advocates for capitalist mode of production , socialism advocates for socialist mode of production . 
  they are mutually exclusive , one can not be a socialist and a liberal . 
  read up on anarcho-syndicalism, 
  bash, 
  i hate this myth that the ussr defeated germany solely through superior numbers , it 's a gross oversinplification of the war on the eastern front and simply not true . 
  full, 
  liberals attribute every single death in the ussr from 1923 to 1953 to stalin, 
  corn, 
  lenin literally legalized homosexuality in the ussr in 1917-1923 , when everyone thought gays were inferior/not natural/sick, 
   revisionism, 
  what, 
  social democracy is n't in the middle , social democracy is capitalism, 
  borders are arbitrary lines drawn on maps , humanity is divided by class , not by nationality, 
  the one thing you need to ask someone anti-slavery to destroy their ideology . 
  the one question you need to ask is :, 
  who will pick the cotton in a true non-slavery society ? 
  anti slavery supporters have often argued that you can work where ever you want free from coercion , so long as you 're skilled . 
  if you want to be a doctor , then you can study for 10 years for free to train as one . 
  following their line of thought , it struck me . 
  who will do jobs that are ` undesirable ' ? 
  who will plant the rice and tobacco ? 
  who will grow the wheat ? 
  so they respond in three ways :, 
  1 . we take turns, 
  so basically everyone is a cotton picker ? 
  everyone will be trained to grow wheat ? 
  here the slavery abolisher will reply , seeing no other choice : we kick them out of the community . 
  which completely goes against the ideas of anti-slavery since they have now introduced coercion into labor . 
  2 . everyone will plant their own food, 
  how about coffee and cotton ? 
  how will we grow those ? 
  how this is flawed is somewhat the same with the we take turns argument . 
  3 . we offer better incentives,
