  let 's face it , no child wants to grow up to become a cotton picker and a rice planter so the only way this is going to happen is when socialists offer better incentives for them to be cotton pickers rather than doctors , lawyers and engineers . 
  this is the most evil response in my opinion , because they are basically implying that unskilled jobs should be rewarded more than highly skilled jobs . 
  i have yet to hear a convincing solution to the most basic problem of every society that will fit their ideology ; if you are a anti-slavery , i 'd like to hear your response . 
  op i copypasted your comment to an r/anarcho _ capitalism post which was exactly the same as the post you shared , i hope that 's ok, 
  i love how they always think that they 've come up with a brilliant new argument which will refute literally every socialist philosopher , and that noone has ever thought about it before, 
  he 's a trump supporter, 
  plus there are n't many phone booths around these days, 
  it 's a non-participation link , you ca n't vote or comment in the thread following the link, 
  and btw your completely bullshit nonsensical pure ideology comment that i linked to still has 32 upvotes, 
  everyone forgets luxemburg, 
  class consciousness is spreading, 
  it 's not funny anymore, 
  try different jokes, 
  it 's a kanye quote from one of his songs, 
  we 're not super tankies , we just do n't want people spreading misinformation about stalin and the ussr and saying things like he killed 80 million people . 
  of course we condemn those actions, 
  why do you ask how many he killed according to me ? 
  my opinion does n't matter , facts are facts , just look it up while avoiding fishy sources, 
  op how do you reconcile the hundreds of millions of people slaughtered by western imperialism ? 
  i think the point is that we can buy cheaper t-shirts now, 
  check out the red army choir , they 're fantastic, 
  `` the proletariat seizes from state power and turns the means of production into state property to begin with . 
  but thereby it abolishes itself as the proletariat , abolishes all class distinctions and class antagonisms , and abolishes also the state as state . 
  society thus far , operating amid class antagonisms , needed the state , that is , an organization of the particular exploiting class , for the maintenance of its external conditions of production , and , therefore , especially , for the purpose of forcibly keeping the exploited class in the conditions of oppression determined by the given mode of production ( slavery , serfdom or bondage , wage-labor ) . 
  the state was the official representative of society as a whole , its concentration in a visible corporation . 
  but it was this only insofar as it was the state of that class which itself represented , for its own time , society as a whole : in ancient times , the state of slave-owning citizens ; in the middle ages , of the feudal nobility ; in our own time , of the bourgeoisie . 
  when at last it becomes the real representative of the whole of society , it renders itself unnecessary . 
  as soon as there is no longer any social class to be held in subjection , as soon as class rule , and the individual struggle for existence based upon the present anarchy in production , with the collisions and excesses arising from this struggle , are removed , nothing more remains to be held in subjection -- nothing necessitating a special coercive force , a state . 
  the first act by which the state really comes forward as the representative of the whole of society -- the taking possession of the means of production in the name of society -- is also its last independent act as a state . 
  state interference in social relations becomes , in one domain after another , superfluous , and then dies down of itself . 
  the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things , and by the conduct of processes of production . 
  the state is not ` abolished ' . 
  it withers away . 
  this gives the measure of the value of the phrase ' a free people 's state ' , both as to its justifiable use for a long time from an agitational point of view , and as to its ultimate scientific insufficiency ; and also of the so-called anarchists ' demand that the state be abolished overnight . '', 
  how long have you been eating from the trashcan ? 
  i love bo burnham , everyone should check out make happy and what , they 're amazing and you can watch them for free on youtube or on netflix, 
  well it depends if you count the holodomor , which is a controversial subject among historians . 
  not counting it the number is closer to 8-9 million people . 
  however , i think it 's unfair to attribute executions which had a trial to stalin , if a person is executed in the usa people do n't say that obama killed that person . 
  also , fascists make up a great part of the deaths during the purge and tbh i 'm glad they died . 
  yes , i know, 
  uh , i 'll guess i 'll stand in front of a wall now :(, 
  have you even read the comments to your posts ? 
  we condemn those actions by the ussr . 
  also the holodomor is a controversial subject among historians , many believe it was not intentional . 
  but what no historian can deny is that famines happened regularly in ukraine until then , and the ussr eliminated them for good . 
  it 's interesting how rotterdam has the most modern inner city in the netherlands , full of big glass office buildings and some skyscrapers even , while other larger cities there still have a city centre from the 17th century , because of the bombing of rotterdam, 
  how does it taste like to eat from the trashcan of ideology all the time ? 
  this guy lol, 
  it 's spelled hoxha, 
  fuckin revisionists, 
  bernie might be a socialist personally , but he ran for president on a non-socialist , social democratic platform, 
  the women you see in the pictures are [ ypj ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/women%27s_protection_units ) fighters . 
  yep , russia was only 50 % of the population of the ussr and around 75 % in area, 
  fascism is an actual distinct political ideology , persecuting fascists is not fascism . 
  the sdf is n't exactly one organization , more like a collection of multiple orginazations like the ypg and ypj and also arab and assyrian militias . 
  threechum, 
  but he literally never said anything socialist during his campaign , and his platform was n't socialist , the policies he was gon na try and enact were n't socialist , why would it matter that he personally was ? 
  slavery still exists in the usa , look up the 13th amendment, 
  world 's largest prison population, 
  institutionalized racism, 
  government monitoring everything, 
  wealthiest country in the world yet still millions living in poverty, 
  militarised police, 
  the kgb was founded in 1954 and you claim to have arrived in the usa in 1949 , something does n't add up . . 
  the kgb did not exist at the time of the holodomor, 
  we 're not belittling the horrors , we all know it was fucking horrible , but why does n't he tell the truth ? 
  this is why i hate people who say negative propaganda about negative people , because correcting them is immediately counts as apologia , for example when someone says stalin killed 100 million people and you say he did n't , you immediately get called a tankie and a stalin apologist . 
  kgb was founded in 1954 , he arrived in the usa in 1949 , so obviously he was lying in that comment . 
  i agree, 
  i wonder why he said kgb then, 
  there was nkvd , ogpu , mvd , nkgb and multiple changes to the structure of the secret service during the existence of the ussr , however the kgb did not exist during his time in the ussr so it 's weird that he mentions it multiple times , i 'd definitely remember the organization that killed my father, 
  there are non-sectarian leftists , who accept anarchism , ml and everything between alike, 
  how is it at all `` effectively the same '' ? 
  they 're two entirely different things , i do n't undersrand . 
  and btw the official number for the holocaust only changes when there 's solid evidence for it , the jews are n't changing it , that 's nazi propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying they did n't kill his father , i just find it weird that he would lie about who killed him , but indeed , his other comments do lose some credibility imo knowing he is lying about at least one thing, 
  it 's not a small detail , it 's literally about the people who killed his father , it 's the most important part of his story, 
  you also have to convert to yards and fahrenheit , then they 're definitely smarter, 
  well for me personally , the most important thing is the organizing , rising up , abolishing the bourgeoisie state , seizing the means of production . 
  what happens after is determined by whether or not it was an anarchist or ml or whatever else kind of revolution , but i would participate regardless . 
  we have to do the actual revolution part first , arguing about ( mostly ) petty ideological differences is not a priority . 
  and for the revolution we need to unite the left . 
  any action is better than no action , i would participate and help in any leftist revolution where i could . 
  yeah , he should have built more bunkers, 
  it 's weird that paradox sometimes has insane attention to detail like you mentioned , but sometimes they mess up really easy things like hoxha not being a communist, 
  to be fair he kinda looked liked ted cruz irl too : http://imgur.com/xjcdi88, 
  around 80 % of venezuela 's labor force was employed in the private sector the last time i checked, 
  comrades does anyone know where i can buy a t-34 ? 
  cia factbook or wikipedia i do n't remember, 
  liberals react to stuff :, 
  neo-nazi rally : i do n't necessarily agree with them but i 'll fight with my life for their frozen peaches !, 
  blm protests : i 'd pay money to see them get run over by a truck !, 
  op sure knows how to make 2500 post karma in 3 minutes, 
  just a correction , track and field world championships are held every other year . 
  i live in europe and my whole city has shakira law no-go zones where only colombian singers can go also my wife is getting raped and my children have all been massacred, 
  how does trash taste ? 
  r/socialism _ 101, 
  this is a circlejerk sub, 
  you have nothing to lose but your chains pupper !,
