  they are pkk , they are the ones actively fighting turkey . 
  ypg are fighting in rojava ( northern syria ) against isis . 
  this is fucking dystopian, 
   when socialists revolted against against the state capitalist regime, 
  as a hungarian , no , that 's not what happened . 
  every kind of people revolted against the soviet occupation . 
  yes , there were some socialists but that was not the main focus , there were monarchists and liberals too but generally it was against the soviets regardless of ideology . 
  also it was n't really an organized revolt at all , mostly just ordinary people not going to work/school , and some protests . 
  it 's not feudal , it 's a hereditary absolute monarchy . 
  the new government lasted for 1 month , after that the new leader was k\u00e1d\u00e1r j\u00e1nos , who was only communist in name . 
  marx was a wavy dude, 
  ypg 's official facebook page confirmed this, 
  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1075147002555693&amp;substory_index=0&amp;id=865172300219832 confirmation/proof . 
  so , not a socialist, 
  the_donald claimed to be the last bastion of free speech , then went around banning everyone who did n't agree, 
  yep , and better tanks do n't mean shit when they get stuck in the mud/snow and break down all the time . 
  the t-34 was infinitely more reliable than the panzer tanks . 
   superior in every way to the t-34 , apart from maintenance, 
  so , apart from literally the most important thing , the tank * actually * working . 
  shitty panzer and tiger tanks broke down all the time and were unusable in russian winter conditions . 
  i ca n't really imagine a situation were it was effective and possible to look for holes in the armor and aim precisely there, 
  edit : disregard this comment i 'm an idiot, 
  wikipedia says 15,747 panzer 3-s and 13,522 panzer 4-s were made by germany, 
  i used [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_armored_fighting_vehicle_production_during_world_war_ii ) wikipedia article , but this one includes the stug-3 production under the panzer-3 . 
  makes sense , i had n't thought of this, 
  borders are arbitrary lines on maps , we are divided by class , not by nationality, 
  it 's weird that ancaps idolize people like hitler and pinochet even though they are '' '' '' '' ` anarchists '' '' '' '' '' . 
  i always reupholster my pussy before i listen to blame game so when chris rock asks me who reupholstered my pussy i can say yeezy reupholstered my pussy, 
  `` why do n't poor people just get rich ? '', 
  these temporarily embarrassed millionares \u2122 are already concerned about situations that will literally never apply to them and only affect the richest 0.1 % of the population, 
  but muh horseshit theory, 
  why did you kill rosa, 
  democratic confederalism to be exact . 
  to be fair most americans ca n't tell the difference, 
  `` the communists disdain to conceal their views and aims . 
  they openly declare that their ends can be attained only by the forcible overthrow of all existing social conditions . 
  let the ruling classes tremble at a communistic revolution . 
  the proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains . 
  they have a world to win . 
  workers of the world , unite ! '', 
  anarcho-capitalism is n't anarchism , and there 's more than 2 types of anarchism . 
  anarchism is an anti-capitalist ideology that wishes to abolish all oppressive hierarchies , how do you reconcile that with capitalism ? 
  you did n't answer my question at all . 
  anarchism is an anti-capitalist ideology that wishes to abolish all oppressive hierarchies , how do you reconcile that with capitalism ? 
  the soviet pows had a really really high death rate in nazi camps , 3.3-3 .5 million soviets died . 
  the mortality rate was 57 % for them . 
  to contrast this , 8300 british and american pows died , or 3,6 % . 
  well to be fair orwell literally travelled to revolutionary catalonia and fought alongside the anarchists against the fascists, 
  https://m.facebook.com/ypg/ announcements in kurdish, 
  https://m.facebook.com/rojavadefenseunits/ announcements in english, 
  yeah i 'm kinda tired . 
  in my language we use the comma btw . 
  iirc the german pows captured in stalingrad actually had about a 85 % mortality rate , it was absolutely brutal . 
  well first of all , there 's more to ideologies than just the definition . 
  second of all , anarchism , by definition , wishes to organize society in a horizontal way , which conflicts with capitalism , which requires a capitalist class above the proletariat . 
  they could n't have known the percentage back then, 
  i do n't know about that , sorry, 
  it was absolutely horrible . 
  i think the key difference is that germans actually had extermination camps designed specifically to mass murder people on an industrial scale , whereas the soviets '' `` just '' '' had labor camps for the germans . 
  the mortality rate is also a lot lower ( either around 10 % , or 30 % according to different sources ) this does n't mean that what they did is at all acceptable/justified . 
  as soon as i brought up the mass extermination of soviet pows by the germans in that thread i immediately got 3 or 4 `` but what about german pows in soviet camps '' comments, 
  which is ironic because socialism is inherently internationalist . 
  stalin 's `` socialism in one country '' goes against pretty much all leftist philosophy, 
  do n't forget executing entire villages because of partisan uprisings . 
  going forward , what would be the best course of action for the ypg ? 
  they obviously wo n't be able to handle a long lasting civil war against assad, 
  i think these exaggerated and inaccurate anti-soviet propaganda pieces are an insult to the people who have suffered under stalin . 
  the soviets were the ideological enemies of the nazis . 
  hitler 's plan was to eradicate the `` judeo-bolshevik menace '' from europe , which meant the soviets and the jews . 
  for this reason the holocaust and the war on the eastern front served ( mostly ) the same goal for hitler . 
  they mass murdered millions of soviets the same way as jews , in extermination camps . 
  it was illegal to murder pows according to international law at the time , so the rest of them died mainly to starvation , wounds , and sicknesses , but not due to intentional killings . 
  fuck reagan he is the worst thing that ever happened to america 's working class, 
  i think they should n't nuke sweden because people live there, 
  you contradict yourself from your previous comment . 
  ancapism does n't fit the definition of anarchism , and also does n't fit the ideology of anarchism . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  jesus christ , this is the epitome of r/badpolitics , are you trolling or are you genuinely this ignorant and disconnected from reality ? 
  thanks , i 'll try that . 
  although my usual strategy with poland is conquering the baltic states first to get some more factories before taking on either the ussr or germany , so i 'll have to do it in a different way then, 
  i am * already * eating from the trashcan, 
  conquering austria as hungary is really easy , you can do it in early 1937 , but after that it becomes a lot harder , especially with the uk and france guaranteeing things, 
  shoutout to r/fullcommunism, 
   when all the panzers get stuck in the mud and snow and the tigers run out of fuel because of shitty supply lines, 
  that 's a good strategy , i 'll try it, 
  so i tried it , and i immediately got rekt by germany when i said no to anschluss :(, 
  so i tried this strategy , i conquered shanxi , xibei san ma , tibet and sinkiang by january 1938 . 
  i decided at the start of the game to boost popularity of communism in china , which resulted in a revolution in beijing province and it became a part of my country . 
  this means that japan is n't connected with china by land , because i own the one province between them , so in the war japan can only do naval invasions in china . 
  also i did n't say yes when china asked me to join their war , because all my troops were in the war with sinkiang at the time , and now i ca n't join the war . 
  i 'm just building troops now , i do n't really know what to do . 
  what if i want to throw molotov cocktails at cops but the kulaks deserved it ? 
  and also fuck bernie for murdering rosa, 
  not a lot , most runners specialize in just 1 or 2 distances . 
  for example you need a completely different body type and training for the 100m and the 5000m . 
  runners are usually split up like short distance ( 100 , 200m ) , medium distance ( 400 , 800m ) , long distance ( 5000,10000 m ) , and marathon . 
  in swimming there are n't many differences , swimmers can compete in many races throughout the olympics . 
  you can ask questions if it is n't really clear on r/socialism _ 101 , and r/anarchy101, 
  well americans had 50 years of propaganda against communism , so i guess it 's understandable . 
  i would n't advise non-socialists to go there and learn , they are very hardcore mls , borderline tankies,
