  * communism killed 100 million people, 
  * just go live in a `` communist country '', 
  is that what they teach in schools in america ? 
  communism is a stateless , classless , moneyless society with public ownership of the means of production . 
  how the hell did this get 10 upvotes ? 
  gorgeous is actually pretty great, 
  you completely changed my views on socialism , thanks for this great criticism . 
  what the fuck are you even trying to say ? 
  wow , what a great argument, 
  well , for starters , mlk was a socialist . 
  have you found it yet ? 
  lots of comments on there are r/badpolitics worthy, 
  the only way to score in the red if you are a marxist is if you really hate gays and weed, 
  what 's your political ideology ? 
  even if it 's technically correct , it 's still not the definition of communism, 
   mussolini is as socialist as they get, 
  mussolini is literally the person who defined fascism . 
  he 's as fascist as it gets, 
   mussolini is as socialist as they get, 
  i guess because it has lots of incorrect definitions for political terms , and lots of stupid right-wing people use it in internet arguments to prove their point . 
  seriously though , why did they have to change it back :(, 
  i stopped watching when he used nordic countries and bernie sanders as an example for democratic socialism . 
  does he call for the seizing of the means of production by the workers ? 
  he 's not a socialist, 
  capitalism is disgusting, 
  capitalism is disgusting, 
  capitalism is disgusting, 
  i do n't know why liberals are so damn obsessed with their private property, 
  except a peaceful march will never accomplish anything . 
  also economically it 's capitalist . 
  someone please link that whole comment section to r/badpolitics, 
  just like lenin said in the first paragraph of the state and revolution, 
  well said, 
  there 's only one other way to be successful in america , and that 's being born to rich parents who exploited workers themselves, 
  i assumed you meant success as becoming rich , yes . 
  in that case my statement is true, 
  * surplus value, 
   r/brocialism, 
   source : black book of communism, 
  we must seize the memes of production, 
  finally this sub is great again, 
  achieving the highest standard of living in latin america . 
  achieving sustainable development . 
  i probably meant to say the caribbean then . 
  you 're right though about nafta, 
  but trump opposes gay marriage, 
  r/jokes ? 
  this has got to be a troll, 
  i did n't think of that , it would have been a better title, 
   prolatireit, 
  socialists do n't want to outlaw guns . 
  yes , he was . 
  prices are really low in venezuela , so he 's smuggling it out to sell it on a black market for profit, 
  well , this specific food smuggling story is more than a year old , prices might have changed since then . 
  i do n't know about that r/worldnews story , but that sub is a reactionary shithole , and every story that is critical of `` socialist '' countries gets thousands of upvotes there whether or not they 're true , so i 'd take that article with a grain of salt . 
  that 's exactly what i meant , comrade . 
   under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered ; any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated , by force if necessary . 
  seriously though , everyone should listen to or at least look at the lyrics of all falls down . 
  it 's a very anti-capitalist , anti-consumerist song ( which is kinda ironic in the case of kanye lol ), 
  but just * imagine . 
  the only good solution suggested so far . 
  steal ? 
  well marx was right about literally everything, 
  and california , too . 
  that is not true . 
  polls in every major uk newspaper showed them too close to call , and leave only won by 2 % , which is inside error margin . 
  hungary in good europe ? 
  lol, 
  is it just me or is there more and more class consciousness lately in askreddit and other default subs ? 
  there 's a comment explaining exploitation of the surplus value of labour in that thread which has 355 upvotes as of now . 
  some criticism :, 
  instead of socialist party it should say socdem party , the two are different . 
  obviously symbol for the fascist party should have been fasces . 
  what you used for nationalist party is actually used mostly for workers struggle/class struggle . 
  and as others pointed out anarcho-capitalism has no place on a proper anarchist flag . 
  and turkey should be white, 
   just an attempt more, 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that, 
  visit different subs then . 
  this hurt so much to read, 
  it 's satire right ? 
  it really reads like satire, 
  thank god, 
  why ca n't we all just get along first and decide on things after the revolution, 
  it was a good bernie tweet though , his supporters need to realize they 're not radicals , they 're mainstream . 
  look up the ypj, 
  * lpusa, 
  get this nazi out of here, 
  fabri fibra - in italia, 
  so you consider use of violence is nazism ? 
   there is no difference between antifa and neo nazis, 
  they are literally opposites . 
  it 's in the fucking name . 
  how can you be so ignorant ? 
   anarchist, 
   state, 
  read a fucking book once in your life and stop watching fox news, 
  reading through the comments was so fucking painful, 
  you 're trolling , right ? 
  a small ted cruz,
