  who would n't though, 
  but then there would be like 90 % less posts, 
  calvonlive , it 's in the pic, 
  * blind people, 
  but have n't you heard about the glorious liberal horseshit theory ? 
  why is it so hard to believe that their grandmother told a joke ? 
   liberals want us dead, 
  wow , at 3 years old he 's already been brainwashed by american jingoist propaganda, 
  in your opinion , is it better to live there since yeltsin and putin took over ? 
  at what point is calling trump fascist no longer r/badpolitics ? 
  especially after yesterday 's speech : https://youtu.be/4cvtuoyzdi0, 
  thanks, 
  unite the left through gay sex, 
  can confirm , i got banned because i corrected someone when they said something stupid about socialism, 
  op you stole this from r/fullcommunism, 
  i agree with you , and i think that real change definitely is n't possible through voting in a bourgeoisie election and having a bourgeoisie congress and a bourgeoisie cabinet . 
  revolution is the only way . 
  political compasses are spooks, 
  pretty much all leftists score in the green , you have to really hate gays and weed if you want to score in the top squares, 
  adam smith wrote wealth of nations on paper that was made in feudalism, 
  not countries , societies . 
  come on , comrade, 
  you can say you stand with the dprk against western imperialism and at the same time say that the dprk is a fucking horrible country . 
  a two-dimensional political spectrum can not be accurate, 
  it could be that deep down he is a comrade , but he runs on a socdem platform . 
   you can always go to north korea, 
  i know , and this is quite irrelevant . 
  why do you mention this fact ? 
   create your own workers paradise, 
  this is exactly what i 'm trying to do, 
   those always worked out in the past, 
  not always , but a lot more could have succeeded if it were n't for us interventions . 
  just because it failed a few times does n't means that we should stop trying, 
  i 'll never be the wealthiest man in the world . 
  you have to be born to rich parents in order to be rich . 
  this one too : https://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/4ud9zp/slug/d5ov461, 
  just read what i fucking wrote and stop trying to assign a different meaning to it, 
  it 's a capitalist country that got fucked over because of the drop in oil prices . 
  he has reached peak liberalism, 
  yes , but i still would n't call 1 example of a failed capitalist state the proof that capitalism as a whole is a failure . 
  if the choice is between starving and working for one of these people , it 's not really a choice . 
  wow , 15 people out of billions . 
  you sure proved me wrong !, 
  the fact that we have the technology and resources to have 0 people starving in the world and tha fact that 700 million are , yes , i consider it a failure . 
  also , the industrial revolution and the rapid advancement of technology has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  capitalism and imperialism caused way more deaths though, 
  almost all of that was achieved because of the usa government pouring an insane amount of money into subsidizing their agriculture , to the point where it is cheaper to import stuff from the usa than grow their own crops in many african countries . 
  the same thing could have been achieved in feudalism , i do n't see how this means that capitalism has succeeded . 
  technological and scientific development could be much faster , if it were n't for the fact that currently only researches that are profitable are funded , not researches that benefit humanity the most . 
  and again , just because it 's benefitted humanity , it has not succeeded , as we currently have the capacity to feed everyone and many people are still starving . 
  socialist agree that it is an improvement over the feudalist mode of production , but that does n't mean that it 's the best we can do . 
  i do n't see how people can oppose wanting to be entitled to their own labour and fixing the huge amount of wealth inequality in the world today . 
  and victoria 2 and hoi3 are still pretty popular, 
  most paradox games are just incredibly good . 
  calling that person a retard is an insult to people with actual mental illnesses, 
  in hoi3 , is there a place where i can download or see the default text files that have the government type , ideology , unity , neutrality , ministers etc. ? 
  i changed a couple of things and i 'd like to change it back but i do n't remember the defaults, 
  we never gon na die, 
  exactly . 
  i commented that to show how absurd it is to say socialism as an ideology has failed just because there are failed socialist states . 
  `` valid criticisms of an economic system are for 14 year olds '', 
  yeah . 
  next time , try being born to rich parents !, 
  this sub is for liberalism in the classic sense , meaning pro-market , pro-private property and pro-capitalism in general , so pretty much everyone in mainstream american politics, 
  just a warning to everybody , do n't watch that video . 
  pageru literally makes me want to kill myself, 
  this guy holy shit, 
  western imperialism ? 
  i know , my point still stands, 
  your comment has absolutely nothing to do with its parent comment , i do n't understand, 
  nope , not at all . 
  i described liberalism . 
  libertarianism has only recently been used in the usa as a pro-capitalism ideology , it was always a socialist one . 
  and no liberals are not leftist , as they are pro-capitalism . 
  nope , immigration is not the fundamental cause . 
  immigration is already caused by western imperialism fucking up everything in the middle east . 
  the british empire , france and the usa are to blame for it . 
  alright , let me explain it to you , but next time try to educate yourself on at least these very basic things before coming into a debate sub . 
  he said social democrat , not democratic socialism . 
  social democratism means a capitalist welfare state , like the scandinavian countries . 
  it does n't want to abolish capitalism and is not socialist . 
  he asked if he was an actual socialist , or a social democrat . 
  then you asked a stupid question about socialism and democracy . 
  socialist literally want workplace democracy , it 's the most basic and fundamental part of socialism , the question did n't make any sense . 
  and in this comment , you said democratic socialism , which is achieving socialism through reforms in a capitalist system rather than through revolution , and has nothing to do with social democrats . 
  i 'm not `` literally '' saying that it 's okay , i did n't say it was ok at all , did you even read my comment ? 
  it 's just that he asked what the fundamental cause was , you did n't answer correctly , and i corrected you . 
  are you actually insane ? 
  have you read my comment ? 
  i did not say it was okay for them to rape . 
  you said on your comment to him that the fundamental cause was immigration , but immigration was actually caused by western imperialism , therefore it 's not the fundamental cause . 
  i pointed this out , and then you went absolutely crazy . 
  also you said `` random '' countries , these are not random at all, 
  holy shit you are actually insane . 
  i 'm gon na break it down for you , because you do n't seem to be able to comprehend what i wrote so far . 
  this was my comment :, 
   nope , immigration is not the fundamental cause . 
  immigration is already caused by western imperialism fucking up everything in the middle east . 
  the british empire , france and the usa are to blame for it . 
  your comments :,
