  u u u u, 
  why ? 
  even if you really hate the song , why would it make you lose your faith in humanity ? 
  it 's just a song . 
  there are so many worse things happening right now in the world , why is it this song in particular that makes you lose your faith in humanity ? 
  i listen to the audiobook every night comrade, 
  not yet, 
  in hungary too, 
  muh horseshit theory, 
  if anyone is wondering the title is a quote from flashing lights by kanye, 
  thanks, 
  this is the actual correct one for capitalism, 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that he 's doing the work and getting poor , while the owner does n't do anything and is getting richer and richer . 
  meanwhile the media and people thank capitalism for all the good things . 
  the specific numbers are n't the point of this meme . 
  capitalism does involve systematic opression of the workers though, 
  because the owner starts out with a small loan of a million dollars , while the worker has to work in order not to starve and does n't have the amount of capital needed to start a business . 
  there is nothing voluntary about agreeing to a contract in a capitalist society , if your options are between starving and working, 
  alright , thanks, 
  believing that the free market will fix everything for you is religion . 
  you just covered 75 % of the chart lol, 
  it would be extremely painful . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah i live here , and the majority of hungarian people are incredibly racist and conservative , way more than the usa i think . 
  it 's just that there are few black people so most of the racism is directed at gypsies . 
  there 's so much casual racism , it 's really saddening . 
  here 's the . apk download for people on android : http://www.apkmirror.com/apk/niantic-inc/pokemon-go/pokemon-go-0-29-0-release/pokemon-go-0-29-0-android-apk-download/, 
  he makes desiigner look like a fucking amateur, 
  end your joke with the punchline . 
  yeah , minorities in the usa really need to organize right now , they 're not safe alone . 
  where i live it 's central european time and 6pm . 
  the game worked fine the whole day and suddenly 20 minutes ago the servers went down and have been down since . 
  the colour black is also associated with anarchism , i was also confused, 
  i really do n't like the first one 's design , the second one is much better imo . 
  i wish there was n't so much sectarianism on the left, 
  decades , not just years, 
  allied soldiers in ww2 were literally axis soldiers in ww2 . 
  more like horseshit theory amirite, 
  maybe because the questions are in the context of liberal democracy . 
  they should make a neutral political compass, 
  let 's see, 
  with this sub nothing is impossible comrade, 
  so i went up to a friendly gym , and there was no option to to put a pokemin there , just to battle . 
  i choose to battle because i wanted to see what would happen ( again , it was a gym controlled by my team ) . 
  i defeated the 3 pokemon there with one of my own , but after the battle , nothing hapened . 
  the gym stayed the same , and i still could n't put one of my own pokemons in there . 
  does anyone know what happened , and what the solution is ? 
  on a completely unrelated note , i just walked 3km and it only counted 0.26 . 
  really frustrating . 
  that explains why i could n't put a pokemon there , thanks . 
  but why could i battle them ? 
  they 're friendly, 
  that makes sense , thanks, 
  just goes to show what a quality subreddit for political discussion r/fullcommunism is, 
  you forgot about the usa and the british empire and literally all imperialist european countries in the last 400 years, 
  literally no one in that thread defined socialism correctly, 
  to be fair , in a marxist interpretation there is no difference between them , he used them interchangeably . 
  lenin was the one who differentiated the two, 
  the genocide of native americans alone is way more than people killed by stalin and mao . 
  sounds like you need this, 
  historians say it varies between 10 and 90 million people . 
  there are so many subs on reddit that have nothing to do with politics but are filled with reactionaries, 
  socialism is democratic control of the means of production by the workers . 
  as for how it 's implemented , there 's lots of different political ideologies that advocate different things . 
  some want reforms , some want the revolution to be led by a vanguard party , some want it to be led by unions , and there 's different opinions about what to do after the revolution , too . 
  but the end goal ( stateless , classless , moneyless society ) is pretty much the same in all of them, 
  what 's your source for that more than 114million , the black book of communism ? 
  even if you count all nazi soldiers killed by the ussr in ww2 it still does n't even come close to that number, 
  or when it comes to blm using their second amendment rights, 
  not just people , the republican presidential candidate in the usa, 
  your point being . . ? 
   but let 's just say historical reality was the worst case and estimate ~ 114 million natives killed ( overwhelmingly due to disease ) over 400 or so years . 
  mao and stalin alone killed significantly more of their own people than that, 
  this is what you said , which is complete bullshit american propaganda with nothing to back it up except maybe american textbooks . 
  i told you that even if we count the millions of nazis killed in ww2 by the ussr , which i do n't think should count , the number would still be lower . 
  then for some reason you said you were talking about the prc and the ussr ? 
  at least read the part about the usa here : http://www.petersaysstuff.com/2014/05/attempting-the-impossible-calculating-capitalisms-death-toll/, 
  and please could you either give me a source or at least tell me how you think those more than 114 million people were killed by the prc and the ussr ? 
  that whole album is so amazing , i personally do n't have a favourite song on there but it 's the best ye album imo, 
  sort of how the bourgeoisie leaches off the labor of the workers, 
  there have been sanctions since chavez, 
  capitalism : private control of the means of production . 
  socialism : worker 's control of the means of production . 
  see ? 
  not that hard to understand, 
   ... you do realize that one of the fundamental aspects of socialism is reform , right ? 
  other than democratic socialism , literally all socialist political ideologies advocate for revolution , not reform, 
  what 's wrong with war-peace ? 
  what 's wrong with freedom-slavery ? 
  so you do n't even know what bourgeoisie means ? 
  you need to educate yourself before criticizing an economic system , no one will take you seriously in a political discussion if you do n't know basic things like this . 
  chauncii i see you in literally every r/bpt comment section, 
  at least on every post that makes the front page, 
   class that controls all the money, 
  no , the class that controls the means of production . 
  i 'm not sure why you would ask that question , in the usa it 's just like in every other country . 
  i 'm not sure about your other question either , these are really basic economics . 
  revolutionary catalonia , the ussr under lenin , cuba in the beginning after the revolution , rojava right now , and primitive communist societies for hundreds of thousands of years, 
   he killed over 4 million people including women and children by mass executions , famines , and of course death camps .
