  the problem is he is extracting the surplus value of our labour , and paying back a part of it as our wage . 
  we should be getting the full value that we have created . 
  he is stealing from us daily , and we have no choice but to settle for it . 
  he is getting the profits of the business , instead of us , who made it . 
   what makes you assume that they have n't worked incredibly hard ? 
  as for small businesses , the owner probably also works at his own company . 
  these are called petty bourgeoisie in marxist terminology , and definitely can be on our side in the revolution , but they can also take the side of the bourgeoisie . 
  still , they are exploiting their workers . 
  as for big businesses , they are inherited from rich parents , require no work from the owner , no risk-taking from the owner , just stealing from hundreds of workers every day . 
   while you in the vast majority of cases get the security of an hourly wage, 
  ah , i should lick their boots right ? 
  i do n't think it 's a positive thing that they are paying me a small part of what i produce . 
   and if the entrepreneur is successful , then guess what ? 
  they have successfully done 3 things that i do n't think should be looked down upon ; provided society with a product or service they did n't have before or was made cheaper , provided individuals with jobs , and provided themselves and the ones they love with a comfortable life . 
  the workers did that , not the owner . 
  there is always work , they do n't create jobs , although liberals sure love to say this . 
  they should be looking for workers , instead of the workers looking for capitalists . 
  that 's true , the worlers make them rich . 
   these people should n't be seen as evil , but should be looked up to . 
  you seem to be really indoctrinated by liberal bootlickers , but good on you for trying to look into socialism . 
  again , i do n't think i should look up to the person who is stealing from me just because he was born rich and could start a business . 
   what you propose is a much more selfish way of doing things in my opinion, 
  i do n't think it 's selfish to try and get what is rightfully mine . 
  point them to r/socialism _ 101 , marxists.org , the sidebar , and answer if they have simple questions . 
  when they are fully educated , they will be ready for r/fullcommunism and r/completeanarchy, 
  there is no transition like this , or at least it 's very rare . 
  if you look at medium and big businesses , they are all inherited , or at least all owners had rich parents . 
  also , look into the meaning of petty bourgeoisie, 
  yes , and the problem is most people do n't even have the money to invest or buy shares , so again it 's the rich getting richer, 
  there are different types of anarchism , but all want workers control of the means of production , just like socialists . 
  the ideologies differ in the way to achieve that . 
  for example , no anarchist wants a transitional state before communism . 
   it looks like the only thing that keeps you from agreeing with me is that you believe that they are stealing from you . 
  so let me try and tackle that and you tell me what you think . 
  it 's not that i believe it , or i think it , it 's a fact . 
   first off , it does not matter how much money they make from what you give them . 
  this is like saying if i traded my friend a really cool comic book for 10 dollars , then that friend sells it for 15 dollars , than he is stealing . 
  it would n't be ethical to demand he give me 2.50 dollars ( that would be stealing ) so that we both came out even . 
  this is because the transaction we agreed to was consented to by both of us . 
  it is not stealing if you consent to it the same way you consent to your working contract . 
  except the contract is n't voluntary , my only other choice is starving , therefore it is not a choice . 
  your comicbook example does not at all represent capitalism , i do n't know what you are trying to say with it . 
  it does n't represent any mode of production specifically , it 's just trading . 
  capitalism would be me making a comic book that is worth $ 10 , and the owner paying me less than $ 10 for every one i make . 
  but i keep making the comic books and keep making him richer and richer , because if i stopped , i would n't be able to afford rent and food . 
   here 's another reason entrepreneurs are n't thieves : they are providing society with a product or service that others either could n't provide , or they are providing an existing product or service for cheaper than someone else . 
  they are n't providing society with anything , the workers are . 
  he is just the one getting rich because of it . 
   now about entrepreneurs being one your side . 
  my ass they would . 
  like you said , they ca n't make a profit , because otherwise they 'd be `` stealing . '', 
  why the fuck would they provide something for you if he himself was n't provided for in return ? 
  i did n't say entrepreneurs are on our side , did you read my comment . 
  please look up petty bourgeoisie . 
   now , you say it 's not selfish to get what 's rightfully yours . 
  i explained above why it is n't but i 'll try and go further . 
  what right in the us constitution says that you should be paid more ? 
  all the rights in there are in my opinion very good and are / should be the bedrock of civilized societies . 
  but nowhere does it promise you that you will get more money that what you agreed to in your job . 
  wow , i actually respected you up until this part . 
  it 's not about being paid more , that is not at all what we want , and is an extremely ignorant thing to say after such especially after such a long discussion . 
  for your information , i do n't live in the us . 
  also , the constitution was written by landowning white males . 
  and after abolishing the state , why would the constitution matter ? 
  and why would the constitution have anything in it regarding a socialist society after a revolution ? 
  and what does it even have to do with everything that we talked about so far ? 
  this is really disappointing for me , i enjoyed this discussion . 
  also , i really disagree that it should be the bedrock of any civilised society , it was written a very long time ago , and again , it was written by landowning white males . 
   lastly , you talk about inheritance . 
  again , i see no ethical reasons to take a guys inheritance away . 
  one of the main reasons that drives us to work is to provide for the people we love . 
  he was lucky sure , but by * right * , that money / company is his . 
  and his property is protected under the constitution unlike what you consider a fair wage . 
  we do n't want a fair wage , i 'm so fucking disappointed by you , you obviously do n't know enough to have a capitalism vs socialism debate . 
  we want to abolish the wage system . 
  and what you do n't seem to grasp apparently , is that his inhertance was created not by him , but by workers , it is n't his , it is ours . 
  his property is of course protected by the state . 
  the state in a capitalist society is there for one reason : enforcing private property rights . 
  this is very basic stuff , you really should know this before a debate like this . 
   if i have n't convinced , please show me where you disagree . 
  i also ask what you propose a more specific solution would be if you still consider capitalism a problem . 
  i propose that the workers educate themselves/each other , organize , rise up , abolish the bourgeoisie state , seize the means of production . 
  what ? 
  no , not at all , that is not what anarchism is . 
  anarchism means without rulers , not without rules . 
  anarchism wishes to organize society in a horizontal , non-hierarchical way . 
  we can at least try though, 
  `` is it wrong ? '', 
  is in my opinion a very loaded moral/ethical/philosophical question , i wo n't be able to answer it . 
  what i wanted to say , was that wealth was created by the workers , therefore it belongs to the workers . 
  fuck them for appropriating revolution from us, 
  i do n't know much about this , and i have a question . 
  did the party get its name because the revolution started that day , or was it already called that ? 
  if it already had the name , then surely the state must have seen it coming on that day, 
  libertarian socialist rants is a really good youtube channel in my opinion . 
  this really freaked me up family, 
  more like a choice between a neoliberal imperialist warmonger and a fascist . 
  trump will elect supreme court judges that will stop social progress for 30 years . 
  he will probably also ruin the middle east even more, 
  especially in northern syria , the ypg/ypj/sdf are going village to village and pushing back isis relatively fast,
