  where the hell did you get this from ? 
  this is pure propaganda . 
  the rest of your comment is mostly american bullshit propaganda and it boils down to `` it wo n't work '' without giving any explanation . 
   a failed system that is responsible for millions upon millions of deaths, 
  capitalism ? 
  the gop or at least its supporters also attack 2nd amendment rights when it 's the blm exercising it, 
  i 'm gon na need a source for that 58 million, 
  you did n't say any reasons, 
  lenin - straight up propaganda, 
  cuba - you just said `` did n't think so '', 
  rojava - you said it 's under an embargo . 
  that means it 's even more impressive that they can sustain themselves, 
  primitive communism - you said primitive must mean something negative . 
  it just means early , in the early stages of history, 
  it ca n't work in the usa because it 's too big . 
  why ? 
  also i live in hungary , and i was born in the year of the system change , but most people who lived in that system are more fed up with the current government . 
  also no , that was not communism . 
  i think anarcho-mutualism is orange and black , anarcho-capitalism is yellow and black , anarcho-pacifism is white and black and the rest are all red and black . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though, 
  yeah sorry for including that one , i regret it now, 
  yes , the green square is the end goal of almost all socialist tendencies . 
  but some , for example mls could score in the red square if they were asked about the transitional state , not the final goal . 
  marxism-leninism advocates for an authoritarian state to supress the bourgeoisie and build communism . 
  also , if you actually take the test ( google political compass ) , the results are skewed because it assumes a liberal capitalist democracy , and it shows you where you are politically inside this system . 
  every leftist person scores in the green though , if you like weed and gay people it already does n't place you in the top 2 squares . 
   revolution is permanent, 
  where did i leave my icepick ? 
  imperialism causes islamic terrorism, 
  maybe they 're deceiving reddit and actually organizing a revolution, 
  trailer here : https://youtu.be/-sphsesgr9q, 
  the 6th picture ... jesus christ, 
  not a country . 
  they explicitly do n't want to form a nation state . 
  i if i remember it correctly they believe that nationalism causes most of the problems in the middle east , and they want a solution instead of a new source of conflict . 
  you can read more about their whole ideology here : http://rojavaplan.com/join-3-2-personal-account.html, 
  for everyone in the bottom half of this thread, 
  or the usa and those breadlines, 
  there is only one element to socialism : direct and democratic control of the means of production by the workers . 
  fascism does n't have this `` element '' . 
  also imperialism : the highest stage of capitalism, 
  liberal \u2260 leftist, 
  liberal in the classic sense, 
  here 's everything everyone needs to know, 
  bernie is not a socialist, 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you 're trying to say, 
  he does n't call for the workers to rise up and seize the means of production , therefore he is not a socialist . 
  you can go to rojava ( not right now ) http://rojavaplan.com/join.html and help them out however you can , if you 're willing to make the commitment and are ok with leaving your whole life behind . 
  the nazis were n't socialist , yes, 
  op are you alright ? 
  check op 's username , he 's probably an anarchist egoist, 
  this is where i got it from , but i think that one was already a repost , i 'm not sure, 
  borders are spooks anyway, 
  if they can liberate all the kurdish villages from isis , and then manage to diversify their agriculture more i 'd definitely consider that a success . 
  odds are against them though, 
  take for example a business in a capitalist society which let 's say has 1 owner and 10 people working there . 
  in a socialist society , the 10 people working there would be the ten owners . 
  ( they decide democratically how the business should be run . ), 
  my fucking delusional what ? 
  so you enjoy being exploited ? 
  i guess that 's the cause of our differences, 
  `` under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered ; any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated , by force if necessary . '', 
  i agree dude . 
  that 's why i think the owner of the company i currently work at should n't be extracting the surplus value i produced with my labor and then paying me a small part of that as a wage . 
  yes , there are cooperatives , but they still operate in a market economy and they still pay taxes to a state that upholds property rights and represents the bourgeoisie , and sadly they 're pretty rare . 
  respect to them though, 
  it 's not a high quality pic , but i think so , yes, 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  ( one that is n't an alt-right blog ), 
  good analysis, 
  well i mean it 's still businesses , the seizing itself wo n't necessarily be physically this time , pretty much just removing the owners from their position and the workers taking their place, 
  there should be a leftist circlejerk sub in the middle of these two, 
  i always wonder how that would have turned out if they would have just beem left out of the whole civil war , things looked pretty promising in the beggining . 
  anarcho-syndicalism seems pretty cool to me, 
  rule 2 explanation : communism is a stateless , classless , moneyless , society , where the workers own the means of production . 
  the usa is a capitalist state , has social classes , has a currency , and has private ownership of the means of production . 
  ( first time posting here criticism welcome ), 
   while they profit from you , their business models and other things are far superior to that of your own making , thus meaning that you still make more money , even with the profit being taken , than you otherwise would in you own accord . 
  why do you figure it is far superior ? 
  your whole reasoning , that it 's mutually beneficial , that i make more money like this stems from this proposition , that one person can run a company better than the people who work there . 
  is there any reason behind it ? 
  i keep seeing people using this argument for private ownership . 
  i 'm not sure , you can send them an email . 
  and about the whole not making it back alive thing , you do n't have to be a soldier , if you read their website they are much more in need of engineers , economists , translators , agricultural experts , doctors , etc. 
  which i assume are working in safe , already liberated kurdish villages there, 
  lol, 
  he writes a long , well structured comment and you answer with calling people faggot . 
  good job , typical reactionary, 
   communist, 
   nation, 
  nope, 
  i just checked it out , they 've gone too anti mainstream left , to the point of calling marx a revisionist . 
  it 's a bit too much for me , thanks though, 
  and in 3 days it will be the 80th anniversary of the start of revolutionary catalonia, 
  i think at least it managed to convince some people to read some marx and maybe change their political views, 
  we act like what liberals think communists are like, 
  you left out all the famines in india intentionally caused by the british empire . 
  yeah the kulaks had it coming, 
  r/propagandaposters is a great sub , maybe there, 
  yeah its from his snapchat story,
