   what ? 
  none of that is relevant right now . 
  it is relevant right now , because it is the answer to the question you replied to . 
   you 're literally saying that the murder and rape is okay, 
  this shows how fucking insane you are . 
  at no point did i say this . 
  read my comment , look for these words , they are not there . 
   guess what , you ca n't change that shit , but it does n't give them carte blanche to literally murder and rape, 
  i know we ca n't change it , i did n't say we could . 
  i also did n't say that it `` gives them carte blanche to literally murder and rape . 
  again , read my comment , look for these words . 
  they are n't there . 
   immigration is the cause, 
  no it is n't , immigration is already caused by something , therefore it can not be the fundamental cause . 
   the people are shitty and cause crime . 
  this is a huge oversimplification to a complex sociological and cultural problem , and is a very ignorant thing to say . 
   maybe the reason why those regions are shitty are because of historical reasons , but the issues now are obviously due to the culture of the immigrants and the immigrants themselves, 
  i agree . 
   your answer is n't correct at all in any way . 
  yes it is . 
   mind sourcing something ? 
  literally everyone learns about this in high school , i do n't know how you do n't know about imperialism . 
  read a fucking history book . 
   you are saying rape and murder is okay, 
  i did n't say this at all , read my comment , look for these words , they are n't there . 
  you are actually insane . 
   because you 're saying it 's not the refugees fault , it 's obviously these random countries . 
  nope , that is not what i said , again , read my comment , look for these words , they are n't there . 
  i said that these countries , which are n't random btw , fucked up the middle east to the point of causing mass immigration . 
   you 're giving the refugees to do whatever they want without arrest or deportation . 
  nope , not at all . 
  i did not say this at all . 
  you are absolutely fucking insane . 
  read my comment again , these words are n't fucking there you idiot . 
   but that 's not the fucking point . 
  just because outside factors caused the immigration it does not mean that the people have to be shit . 
  if there were tons of immigrants from norway or japan you would n't experience an increase in crime or anything . 
  this is a huge assumption to make , and again it simplifies a complex situation way too much . 
   some people immigrating are shit , the west had nothing to do with that . 
  the west had everything to do with it , they caused them to immigrate . 
  and by being born in the usa , they are pretty much guaranteed to be in the top 15 % of the world income wise . 
  lots of chinese , and a surprising amount of dutch people , the last time i was there, 
  the netherlands has a relatively short summer vacation in school compared to other european countries , but they really take advantage of it though, 
  maybe they would be speaking russian if it were n't for the us and uk and france, 
  for fucks sake can we just go back to communist memes, 
  i hope someone gets the title, 
  yep , 
  the 50000 soldiers of the ypg and ypj and the hundreds of thousands of comrades helping the revolution in rojava, 
  it 's referencing rosa luxemburg , a polish marxist revolutionary, 
  how is one jewish person who says that europe should transform into multiculturalism and that jews will be leading this transformation evidence that the jews are controlling literally everything and that they are genociding white people ? 
  i think it 's pretty much only americans who say that , people who actually live here in europe mostly know better ( although not everybody ), 
  he did n't . 
  his dialectics differ fron hegel as he focused on material conditions as the moving force of history , while hegel focused on the mind and ideology . 
  i do n't know enough about it to explain it very well , but here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectical_materialism, 
  quit and then starve ? 
  thanks for the suggestion, 
  the owner of the company you work at . 
  r/socialism _ 101, 
  yeah i guess that 's true . 
  i got this from a socialist facebook page . 
  no you 're not . 
  why would it be profitable for your boss to pay you as much as the value you create with your labor ? 
  your wage will always be lower than the surplus value you produce . 
  also , please educate yourself before coming to a socialist sub and arguing with people . 
  well , no , as we want to eliminate wages completely in the long run . 
  we believe that there should n't be an owner getting profits , but that the workers should receive the full fruits of their labour . 
  google : surplus value , exploitation , wage slavery and alienation to understand it a little better , please . 
  and it 's definitely a positive thing that you 're open minded and willing to learn . 
  and why are they arguing against something they 're so ignorant about ? 
  yes , it is especially important now to not make gulag jokes , but try to be nice and educate them, 
  good job on being open minded and trying to learn !, 
  my choices in a capitalist society are :, 
  get exploited by someone, 
  exploit someone ( although this is not an option for me as i was n't born rich , therefore i do n't have the capital to start a business ) . 
  i have empathy and am a normal human being with emotions , so i do n't want someone to suffer for my profits . 
  sorry , i 'll delete my post . 
  but please think about it at least !, 
  well it 's only 79 % upvoted even though it 's a perfect post for this sub , so i think it is, 
  i was n't assuming , i just saw their ignorant comments, 
  the one annoying/sad thing is that a lot of new users are n't here to learn , they just come here to argue in the comment section . 
  props to those who are actually educating themselves though, 
  government funded research is n't exclusive to capitalism . 
  at the time of me commenting that , there were n't any, 
  another reason is because of us backed coups and invasions resulting in us-friendly puppet dictators in most of the latin american/carribbean countries that tried it . 
  they did n't even have a chance to transform their societies , the usa did n't let them . 
  yes , that was called primitive communism . 
  but marx did believe that in most countries a capitalist stage is necessary to transform from feudalism . 
  i guess , but we also believe that if we are n't getting exploited , we wo n't be alienated from the product of our labour , therefore we will find joy in working . 
  it wo n't be the same context as in capitalism , where working more feels worse , and most of us just want to work less . 
  ( not necessarily , but you get what i mean ) so it will definitely be different , but i do n't think a simple `` yes '' anwser is accurate . 
  during the industrial revolution , labourers did n't have the capital to invest in or build factories . 
  many labourers worked on farms before , only sustaining themselves and landowners . 
  going to the city and working in factories seemed like an improvement for them . 
   i would n't want to take something from someone i did n't earn, 
  except it 's not taking it from someone , it 's taking what 's rightfully yours . 
  the capitalist gets rich from people working with them . 
  the factory would be nothing without the workers , but it would function just as well without the owner . 
  the workers are essential , the workers have created the capital for the capitalist , he did n't create value . 
  the factory belongs to the workers . 
   what 's wrong with the your boss making more than you ?
