ca n't activate viber, 
  edit : tried again now and it worked, 
  go to tomorrowland, 
  i recommend the nexus 5, 
  87-0 never forget, 
  king of banana ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no chiken 0/10, 
  ign ? 
  i was silver for my first 110 wins , now i 'm mg1 with 140 wins . 
  praise the vac waves, 
  when is the ota for the next version of m coming ? 
  `` he 's right there '', 
  it 's because the house ca n't jump dummies, 
  g100s mge, 
  gpu ? 
  that 's probably not gon na be enough . 
  i have a nvidia gt620 and i 'm still getting low fps, 
  what was the story about snoop dogg mishearing hydroponic or something ? 
  / r/nocontext, 
  can you tell me why location on device only uses less battery than on battery saving ? 
  thanks, 
  yes , 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think i 'll use the n5 for another year, 
  dashclock widget , battery extension , cpu monitor extension , timetable ( standalone app , has a dashclock extension ), 
  dashclock settings  appearance  backround  fully transparent, 
  you 're welcome , 
  i reccomend cataclysm rom and elementalx kernel . 
  amazing battery and good performance . 
  what 's the name of that `` alive for x days '' widget ? 
  ok thanks, 
  yeezy yeezy what 's good, 
  and imperialism and capitalism killed more people than communists and nazis . 
  he 's not a communist . 
  he 's basically an imperialist tsar . 
  welcome to capitalism :(, 
  `` in a democratic republic , wealth exercises its power indirectly , but all the more surely . '', 
  from the origin of family , private property and state by friedrich engels, 
  `` communist state '' is an oxymoron, 
  link to thread ? 
  thanks, 
  i think that 's just called leninism . 
  edit : i 'm reading the state and revolution right now , and to me it seems like the only difference is that according to lenin , the proletarian state will wither away , and according to anarchists , it will be abolished overnight . 
  i 'm not familiar with any anarchist theory , but i think this might answer your question :, 
  `` the proletariat seizes from state power and turns the means of production into state property to begin with . 
  but thereby it abolishes itself as the proletariat , abolishes all class distinctions and class antagonisms , and abolishes also the state as state . 
  society thus far , operating amid class antagonisms , needed the state , that is , an organization of the particular exploiting class , for the maintenance of its external conditions of production , and , therefore , especially , for the purpose of forcibly keeping the exploited class in the conditions of oppression determined by the given mode of production ( slavery , serfdom or bondage , wage-labor ) . 
  the state was the official representative of society as a whole , its concentration in a visible corporation . 
  but it was this only insofar as it was the state of that class which itself represented , for its own time , society as a whole : in ancient times , the state of slave-owning citizens ; in the middle ages , of the feudal nobility ; in our own time , of the bourgeoisie . 
  when at last it becomes the real representative of the whole of society , it renders itself unnecessary . 
  as soon as there is no longer any social class to be held in subjection , as soon as class rule , and the individual struggle for existence based upon the present anarchy in production , with the collisions and excesses arising from this struggle , are removed , nothing more remains to be held in subjection -- nothing necessitating a special coercive force , a state . 
  the first act by which the state really comes forward as the representative of the whole of society -- the taking possession of the means of production in the name of society -- is also its last independent act as a state . 
  state interference in social relations becomes , in one domain after another , superfluous , and then dies down of itself . 
  the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things , and by the conduct of processes of production . 
  the state is not ` abolished ' . 
  it withers away . 
  this gives the measure of the value of the phrase ' a free people 's state ' , both as to its justifiable use for a long time from an agitational point of view , and as to its ultimate scientific insufficiency ; and also of the so-called anarchists ' demand that the state be abolished overnight . '', 
  ( from anti-d\u00fchring by engels ), 
  it still exists . 
  go and watch it, 
  venezuela is capitalist though, 
  then how come humans have been living in proto-communist societies for hundreds of thousands of years ? 
  capitalism was n't around before the 18th century . 
  what is his comment even trying to say ? 
  you are right about socialism , however communism is actually a stateless , classless , moneyless society , so not `` government control '' . 
  the frontpage would be filled with r/the _ adolf, 
  neither social democracy nor democratic socialism are `` in the middle '' . 
  they 're entirely different , too . 
  fair point . 
  could somebody please sum up all the kurdish anticapitalist factions/groups and the differences between them ? 
  it 's become kind of confusing for me . 
  thanks , 
  i guess genocides are also pretty bad, 
  pls no, 
  liberalism . 
  not even once . 
  nothing to lose ? 
  you forgot their chains , comrade, 
  signed . 
  i know about this . 
  he actually said : `` an idled factory is a factory handed over to the people . 
  we are going to do it , fuck it ! '', 
  i was just asking wether or not he followed through on this promise , and your article is a 2 week old one which did n't answer my question . 
  i 'll give you a house , fuck it . 
  it 's like they 're a parody of themselves . 
  nice reply though, 
  what happened to the original ? 
   it was n't out of line with what most people thought at the time, 
  still , lenin legalized homosexuality and gave equal rights to women in 1919 . 
  i also thought that initially . 
  i suggest you read this comment though : https://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/4ivekl/slug/d31jifr, 
  edit : looks like i got the year wrong, 
  dissolution of private property , not personal property . 
  there 's a difference, 
  i must have misunderstood it , sorry . 
  by seizing the means of production . 
  i did n't realise , i 'll delete it, 
  comment section includes :, 
  * marxists are all morons, 
  * pls do n't advocate for violence,
