ahh , got it . 
  they are having a referendum on the issue on june 23rd . 
  check out the latest [ poll data ] ( https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/ ) . 
   eu may fine countries for rejecting refugees . 
  the more reasons for brexit !, 
  good to know there is another opinion on this . 
  yep . 
  and they 've been running marathons in boston for over a hundred years ... , and the boom !, 
  all i 'm trying to say is , please , do n't deny a credit to the op , who tries to do a service for travelers . 
  great move !, 
  i also shop around for a ride if i have an opportunity . 
  last time in jfk ( new york ) i 've been quoted $ 125 for a ride to harlem . 
  i laughed in his face and was offered $ 60 by another driver within 30 seconds . 
   european map you 've it pretty damn good !, 
  got africa and middle east in just like those continents are parts of europe . 
  impressive !, 
  ... and they never discover how many of them do n't have it !, 
  something fishy with 58 ... are they the same people ? 
  complete with refugees !, 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  and their names are far away from the spotlight . 
  so , that 's why i chose serena for the joke :-), 
  right on !, 
  hmm . . , so whose got more powerful ground strokes than her ? 
  i have not thought that deep ;-), 
  i doubt it , but it 'd be interesting to see how she would react to an official motion to check her equipment . 
  she 's an unbelievable athlete though . 
  somehow , if i stumble upon her match , i always side with an underdog . 
  yes . 
  it 's been a common knowledge in tennis - serena has the most powerful strokes ( ground , serves , overheads , etc ) among all contemporary female players . 
  so , i - jokingly - suggest to check her racquet for some device that helps her generate so powerful hits . 
  guilty ;-(, 
   the end of israel does not guarantee a palestinian state . 
  we are no better , mate . 
  people , i seriously recommend checking serena williams ' racquet . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've also heard that people are very nice too !, 
   apparently they like his style of governance . 
  sigh *, 
  congratulations to portugal !, 
  i love portuguese culture and hoping to visit your country soon !, 
  meanwhile i enjoyed ana moura concert in san francisco last friday - fado is beautiful !, 
  i think that nicolas ii is in a dark costume on the left . 
  ... and who is who ? 
  dude , you follow this ukrainian stuff pretty closely , it seems . 
  i was born there , so my interest is natural . 
  what 's driving you ? 
  a general interest or anything deeper ? 
   but the russians supplied rebels with some good shit though . 
  partially as necessity , partially i would assume as a statement of willingness to escalate things further if it keeps going . 
  precisely !!!, 
   on what grounds could they send you on an operation that is off the books . 
  you could simply say `` nah '' and nothing would happen to you . 
  easily said ... , for you and me that is . 
  i 've read some shit on russian sites describing soldiers just sent out there without any specific orders or paper trail . 
  just like that : ivanov , take your truck in this direction ( donetsk ) . 
  report to petrov when there . 
  there are/were also a considerable number of soldiers for hire . 
  a couple of grand would be most welcome to those seasoned veterans without jobs . 
  he-he . 
  great timing !, 
  russian anthem or was it `` go west '' by pet shop boys ? 
  you are always entitled to . 
  geez . 
  that 's a lot of russian liars for one person . 
  how did you meet them ? 
  where ? 
  man , please , do not generalize . 
  there are liars in any ethnic group . 
  and it 's not russians per se that are liars here . 
  it 's current russian ruling establishment : putin and his huge network of powerful and rich people . 
  they can not and will not ever release their grip on power . 
  no matter the cost . 
   as of today , no one has provided actual proof of russian armed forces ' presence in ukraine . 
  everlasting comedy . 
  he-he . 
  i 'm not a native speaker either . 
  never hide though !, 
  do n't take me wrong . 
  i 'm not criticizing your writing style . 
  just found funny how you said `` you sound intense '' :-), 
  \\ s here you go :-), 
   trust the norwegian penal system . 
  it 's more effective . 
  i do not doubt norwegian penal system . 
  it 's just my personal opinion about breivik . 
  your agenda is spreading antisemitic bullshit as wide as possible . 
  typical antisemitic rubbish . 
  you write two hefty paragraphs in response to a one-liner . 
  look who sounds * intense * . 
  but i agree - russia is out of topic here . 
   people would shit bricks sideways . 
  wow !, 
  i have hard time visualizing this ... :-), 
  i used to spend 95 % of income on food in early nineties !, 
  can you imagine how rich i was !? 
  / s/s/s, 
  you think you are funny ? 
  :-) in fact you are not that far from reality , man .
