  and being in ` opposition ' media makes jews more susceptible to hate ? 
  there is one jew for almost 12,000 poles . 
  and still there are more poles that hate jews than the ones that are ok with them . 
  i guess some historical traits are just way too strong . 
  thank you very much for your detailed an honest opinion . 
  i 'm originally from ukraine but do n't live on the continent now . 
  i agree with many sentiments you are having . 
  the most important one being this : `` it 's stupid to let regular joe 's vote on something they do n't know shit about . '', 
  yes . 
  stupid . 
  and i 'm one of those regular joe 's . 
  i just do n't know how we can circumvent this conundrum of democracy . 
  it 's good to give voice to everyone . 
  but majority is ignorant . 
  always . 
  thank you very much for the explanation . 
  there are volunteers already among cossack population to patrol arbat area in moscow . 
  who is supposed to represent the threat on the streets ? 
  what is this psychosis all about and why all of a sudden ? 
  it 's almost as if some new forces came to power recently in russia . 
  you really understand how it goes in mother-russia !, 
  am i right or am i right ?!, 
   both party coalition leaders have said that the agreement will not be adopted in its current form if the referendum had a higher than 30 % turnout , which it has . 
  the turnout must be over 30 % and the majority voted no , correct ? 
  thank you . 
  and for the ignorant me : what 's the significance of the 30 % threshold ? 
  so true . 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  the final result : 71 % do n't give a shit . 
   putin himself did n't do anything stalin and hitler did not do anything themselves either . 
  thanks . 
  some are unsure what they gon na have for dinner and some are unsure if they really have the latest bmw model or there is something more current available !, 
  yeah , at least some of them . 
  wow !, 
  thank you so much . 
  i 'll get this book . 
  yes , i do understand how it works . 
  i lived in soviet union . 
  it 's all about acting in spite . 
  and , of course , propaganda is helping in a big way . 
  majority of population is thoroughly brainwashed without a trace of critical thinking left . 
  yes , what do you mean by * typical westerners * ? 
  you could be right , you just could be right . 
  thank you for correction . 
  [ here is ] ( http://fadeyev.net/armed/ ) a great explanation of the famous `` oprichniki '' painting by nikolai nevrev . 
  is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oprichnina ) what you have in mind ? 
  i had no idea russia had problems with terror and crime ... 
  i thought everything is great and putin enjoys like over 80 % approval rating ... what 's this national guard formation is all about ? 
  those mods got ta be paid for that shit . 
  you ca n't be seriously !, 
  really ? 
  you got ta be joke !, 
  he-he , hypocrisy in action !, 
  russia - smirnoff , stolichnaya sweden - absolut , ikea , volvo germany - mercedes , bmw , volkswagen , adidas france - chanel , peugeot , citroen england - barclays , jaguar land rover scotland - macallan italy - ferrari , illycaff\u00e8 , versace , gucci , prada ukraine - beautiful women ( not official brand ) czech republic - \u0160koda auto switzerland - rolex , longines , omega finland - nokia ( what else ? ), 
  dear mr. koplowitz , welcome to europe !, 
  the wolves are guilty for eating the cow . 
  the cow is guilty of wandering into the woods . 
  what do you mean ? 
  circlejerk - what description !, 
  yeah , but that 's bullshit !, 
  i mean , think about it . 
  why are we on reddit ? 
  to fucking share , agree and disagree . 
  what 's the purpose of this `` safe space '' you coined so well if you drive all discussion out of it ??!!, 
  those mods are a shame for russian culture . 
  thanks for the complement . 
  we ( russian immigrants ) call them the ** new russians !, 
  ** those nuevoriches that live close by but do n't have to work , drive a latest bmw , drunk half of the time and dress like movie stars . 
  and their kids are spoiled rotten , usually on drugs by the age of 13 . 
  disgusting bunch . 
  i got banned from / r/russia precisely for this comparison : i claimed that russia feels a lot like third world country in terms of corruption . 
  boom !, 
  dude , sarcasm is a noun . 
  precisely . 
  hurrah !, 
  isis leader got neutralized !, 
  what are we cheering about ? 
  we have created this isis monster ourselves . 
  me neither . 
  at times i think the a civilized democracy is unattainable for russia . 
  yes he is . 
  sometimes i also feel like there is no hope for humanity in general . 
  we are so easily tricked into blind hate . 
  and we seldom learn from history . 
  i guess that 's a type of leader most russians are proud of . 
  you 've been permanently scarred , my friend . 
  yes , they are . 
  all those baltic nations including denmark and sweden have very attractive ladies . 
  my best american friend is of armenian descent :-), 
  apparently , she ca n't . 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  that 's what i think who putin is . 
  hmm , armenia too ? 
  exactly . 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  i did misread . 
  sorry about it .
