  i do not think ( and it 's just my personal opinion ) that for what he 's done - he 's got an adequate sentence . 
  i have no idea . 
  but do you think the `` punishment '' for breivik is adequate ? 
  it 's ok if you do . 
  i do n't . 
  so true . 
  screwing some kid 's life because of a little marijuana bag in his glove compartment . 
  what a bullshit . 
  americans have a certain sense for justice . 
  instilled in them by hollywood movies . 
  i respect the government 's rules . 
  but i do have my opinion . 
  i do n't know ... justice ? 
  i do n't know why , dude . 
  but i find myself always agreeing with you :-), 
  i admire your taking a high road on this issue . 
  no kidding . 
  i do n't know , really . 
  i think breivik should have been fed to wild boars . 
  sorry for the unpleasant graphics but that 's what he really deserves for what he 's done , the bloody coward he is . 
  i ( jewish as well ) live in san francisco bay area and have a couple of turkish friends ( tennis partners ) but they are way too westernized . 
  there is no racist feelings towards jews at all from them . 
  he-he , my daughter 's best friend is of middle eastern arabic descent . 
  totally unreal . 
  and yes , we are lucky as a generation in general . 
  i 'm 51 though :-) my grandpa was a tank commander in wwii and once his tank got hit and everyone except him ( the driver ) was killed instantly . 
  he was knocked out and when he came he got a machine gun , opened an emergency hatch in the floor , crawled under the disable tank and opened fire at advancing nazi infantry !!!, 
  he held them from advancing at about 50 meters wide front for just long enough , so that soviet counter attack with artillery support pushed germans back a good kilometer . 
  he 's got an order of patriotic war 2nd class for his actions . 
  how nuts is that ??!!!, 
  your grandpa 's hiding and saving people were acts of uncompromised bravery . 
  we are so lucky not experience the cruelties of war in our times . 
  in soviet union , if your name is izrail , you are as jew as you can ever be :-) my grandparents were teachers : math , physics , russian literature . 
  not religious at all . 
  who was religious is my great-grandfather . 
  poor manual worker at a mill . 
  prayed every day and observed all the holidays . 
  was well respected in the local synagogue . 
  i suspect he might have been a follower of rabbi nachman teaching , after all , he lived all his life in breslov ( bratslav ) . 
  when nazis advanced in 1941 , he was already very old and refused to evacuate . 
  a military motorcycle hit him on a road and he died within short time after that . 
  i know where his tombstone is . 
  basically , turks do n't like anybody ... , but really hate jews . 
  yes , he was a member of the party . 
  pushed into it , basically . 
  he was a talented young engineer for a couple of years right off college when his direct superior confined in him that if he wanted to raise in ranks he needed to become a member . 
  it 's definitely a cultural thing . 
  he could never ever ever blend with gentiles because of his name : izrail . 
  he always wore his jewishness humbly but with pride . 
  nevertheless , no yeddish knowledge , no religious basics , nothing . 
  the funny thing is that my father , because he studied all subjects ( except russian literature and german ) in ukrainian was the best ukrainian speaker in his workplace being the only jew . 
  and it was not a small position he had : chief technology engineer at united distilleries conglomerate that produced 10 % of spirit in ussr . 
  but he has never been religious and never spoke yiddish . 
  i guess it 's never black and white . 
  i can not believe that there was a significant number of jews that did not speak polish at all . 
  i also understand that there were not too many jewish families with parents or , at least the father , educated in a polish university . 
  i guess majority were somewhere in the middle . 
  thank you for chipping in . 
  most of responders are of an opinion that majority of jews were not integrated at all into a fabric of polish society . 
  i 've been told . 
  good to know !, 
  what an interesting dynamic . 
  i traced my ancestors to and old town of bratslav in vinnitsa region in podolia in ukraine . 
  i have good reason to think that they lived there since xiv century . 
  thank you again for a good info !, 
  i see . 
  thanks for the good information . 
  i 'll go read up on that . 
  for religious jews that 's a definite restriction . 
  must be close to a synagogue on sabbath . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i was under impression that jews were well into polish society , considering such a long period of coexistence . 
  now , why were n't they ? 
  is it because they had no desire to or they were mostly barred from it ? 
  so , basically , not as well integrated as they were in germany ? 
  yep . 
  this is why when it gets really easy to blame everything on someone else with slightly different skin color , it 's important not to fall into this trap again . 
  being a jewish person myself , i oppose the settlements policy . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  i 'm not an israeli , but i know some israelis that oppose it as well . 
  not sure if israel can solve all the problems on it 's own . 
  it takes two to agree , right . 
  but i understand your sentiment . 
  i know about those places . 
  my grandparents lived in a one like that only in ukraine . 
  50 % jews , 50 % ukrainians lived in that village . 
  we call places like `` mestechko '' . 
  before wwii poland had huge jewish population well integrated into polish society on every level . 
  not a case any more , of course . 
  have a good day . 
  nice talking with you . 
  how interesting . 
  i have a very similar view on different ethnicities . 
  and have long come to realization that every single nationality/ethnicity has their own dickheads . 
  and a lot of them . 
  but majority are still good people on average . 
  i admire your interest in other cultures . 
  i myself is a gorilka drinking , salo eating ukrainian jew from california :-), 
  got it . 
  i have no idea .
