  oh , i think russia should not give two fucks about what america thinks in terms of karabakh ( btw , i live in us ) . 
  do something to stop the war !, 
  politically , militarily , whatever . 
  on human rights - i do n't know . 
  on the other two points - i have to completely agree . 
  i 'm voting sanders for these reasons among the others . 
  hmm . 
  that 's an interesting perspective . 
  so , basically , waiting till the time is right to reap the most benefits out of it . 
  who knows how long that is going to take . 
  so , i get it , russia will not intervene for many reasons . 
  to me , it looks extremely hypocritical on russia 's side . 
  to play a tough `` good guy '' in a far away syria and not doing anything for your neighbors . 
  hmm ... 
  so , basically , it 's a clusterfuck waiting to happen . 
  i see . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
   so my conscience is clear ... good to hear !, 
   good thing you 're abroad now . 
  i know . 
  good for me , yes . 
  thank you . 
  oh , i 'm just thinking if russia had enough political will to go and kick some serious isis butt to support their ally assad , can they step in militarily and put an end to this senseless conflict between two former soviet republics ? 
  good to know !, 
  and who 's my master then ? 
  and still , russia will not intervene . 
  gdp is only one metric . 
  infrastructure , healthcare , educational institutions , transport , connectivity , etc. 
  all are well below the cut . 
  the only other part , besides nukes , is space exploration . 
  russia knows how to built inexpensive ( relatively ) rockets . 
  so true . 
  all it takes is to read the comments by / r/russia mods . 
  all are putin shills pro-russian to death . 
  illogical to the highest degree but so proud of their `` to the victory !, 
  '' , `` for stalin !, 
  '' , etc. 
  flares . 
  what people do care about is women !, 
  and the most beautiful women are in ... . . ** ukraine ** !, 
  dude !, 
  the whole box ? 
  your blood sugar is entering the earth orbit !, 
  careful with that . 
  i 'm completely ignorant about all this . 
  i left in 1994 . 
  can you ping me some source where i can read about all these struggles , please . 
  he-he . 
  that 's one way to put it . 
  yep . 
  state of the art . 
  honesty of a bad guy does not make him good . 
  i agree . 
  pressure must be applied . 
  and eu standards must help . 
  my story this morning ( i 'm an immigrant from russia , live in us now ) : i 've got a really short haircut recently and meet my neighbor on my dog walk . 
  `` you look like putin !, 
  '' , she says . 
  `` putin is a tough guy !, 
  '' , she exclaims . 
  so , i explained to her that in my opinion putin is a totalitarian ruler with no respect for human rights , a ruthless war criminal and a former kgb officer . 
  the image of him being a tough guy is masterfully promoted by russian ruling establishment propaganda . 
  `` oh , really ... '' , she laments . 
  i feel great disappointment in her eyes . 
  i disagree but nevertheless i sincerely thank you for your opinion . 
  have a good one . 
  i never said that russia is a third world country . 
  my claim was that it feels like a third world country there because of many different factors and corruption is just one of them . 
  i lived there for half of my life and know it all too well . 
  but forget about it . 
  my question is to you personally : do you think it 's ok to ban a user from a sub for a post like that ? 
  even if it 's of questionable logic and debatable conclusion , is it right to ban ? 
  unexpected !, 
  explain , please , if you are serious . 
  where would we be without sarcasm ... 
  the map you are referring to is a color coded representation on corruption perception index for 2015 . 
  the colors have nothing to do with oecd classifications of 1st , 2nd or 3rd world countries . 
  i understand if you feel as a dumbass now . 
  have a good day . 
  so , the ban is justified then ? 
  edit : ~ ~ then ~ ~ -  the, 
  from / r/russia with love !, 
  oh , an update : i 've been permanently banned from / r/russia . 
  no explanation . 
  basically , got a permanent ban while being on a seven days ban . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the mods ? 
  are they smoking something or what ? 
  yep . 
  lived in soviet union half of my life . 
  why ? 
  i got banned for a week for comparing russia to third world countries based on a color coded map [ of corruption perception index 2015 ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2015 ) . 
  check it out for yourself , people . 
  i said that russia looks a lot like majority of the third world countries , and - boom !, 
  - banned for a week . 
  not only salty . 
  they are very bitter as well !, 
  if you really honestly hate a populace - any populace - because of unjust actions of some selected individuals , you are , imo , a shortsighted imbecile . 
  but , alas !, 
  you also belong to a majority ... * you lost your family in a wwii concentration camp : are you supposed to hate germans ? 
  * you are a ukrainian born jew who had no chance of getting a college degree in your home town : are you supposed to hate ukrainians ?
