  what do you dislike about flags ? 
  i disagree - i have a serbian flag on my profile , and half of my friends list have different flags for their profiles too . 
  it makes it easy to find other countrymen and add them to your friends list . 
  on a sidenote , it also allows me to preemptively mute spaniards , making my game experience much , much better . 
  i would like to add i usually do n't complain about this , but i just played a conquest game where i had to restart 3 ( ! ), 
  times to try and fix it , with no results . 
  i 'm used to 120 + , but it does n't seem to go above 70 at the start , and very quickly drops below 20 fps in teamfights . 
  ridiculous . 
  huge framedrops for me . 
  i 'm talking from solid 120 to < 20 in teamfights . 
  open a support ticket and complain . 
  if enough of us do it , maybe they 'll focus on fixing their awful engine . 
  sounds like real uk , paying others to do their fighting while they hide behind a wooden wall . 
  that would be because the borders are normal , not arbitrary straight lines drawn by a ruler . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  it 's not just germany - hoi 4 is horribly cpu optimized , and seems to offload everything on the 3rd core . 
  it 's ten times easier for me to speak to someone in my native language than it is in english , spanish , or french . 
  which i 'm sure is the same for a lot of people . 
  holy shit . 
  how old are you ? 
   and why should n't it ? 
  reddit is literally the only place i see people defending companies locking content that should have been in the game behind dlc paywalls . 
  i hope they 're paying you , i 'd hate to advertise for free . 
   well , that 's a very immature way to look at how to run a company . 
  i do n't care about their company , i care about the game i bought . 
   paradox have a pretty good reputation at patching their games , which are often very complex by the way, 
  considering this is the same company that released mare nostrum for the price it did , your argument is laughably pathetic . 
  yeah , i forgot to mention i usually switch to med sp-art when i get the chance , but light sp-art usually cares you through most of ww2 and is absolutely devastating . 
  planning to use it against my friends in our next mp game , interested in seeing how it goes . 
  and on bastille day too . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  coddled american teenagers . 
  what did you expect ? 
  he forgot to switch his conscription law . 
  total mobilization lowers your recruitable population by 3 % . 
  if your conscription law is lower than that , it will effectively bring your manpower to 0 . 
  it 's not just a multithreading issue - it 's a multithreading disaster . 
  the reason you 're having lag is because the game only uses one out of four cores . 
  this is the same for every paradox game that uses the clausewitz engine , and i do n't think there 's a solution . 
  coupled with the amazingly shit divisions that the ai pumps out by the hundreds , the game is basically impossible to progress after a certain point , as speed 5 becomes speed 1 . 
  byzantium is a country . 
  constantinopole is a city . 
  paging / u/mista _ wong to take a look at this insightful comment . 
  i 'm guessing superior firepower + medium/modern spart spam . 
  destroys literally anything the ai throws at you without trouble . 
  short for self propelled artillery . 
  you can research it as a variation of any tank in the armour tree . 
  the reason it 's so good is because it adds a shitton of hardness to your divisions , and since ai never bothers getting anti-tank guns or anti-tank infantry upgrades , it 's impossible to pierce your divisions . 
  good old jeb . 
  i still miss those days . 
  he was a serbian , and that 's a typical serbian name . 
   most boring i found are japan , france and the uk - france and the uk are like the us but with less tech and you just wait to get annihilated, 
  not to be rude , but have you ever played as either one ? 
  one of the easiest wcs you can do is as france by stomping the nazis in 1936 and gaining all their factories and resources . 
  buggy how ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's odd . 
  guess he was n't a serbian after all . 
  i 'll head over to nikola tesla 's museum two streets away from me in belgrade and tell his ashes that random american teenagers on the internet ca n't possibly be wrong . 
  nope . 
  if you 're looking to puppet someone as a non-aligned country , there 's a mod on the workshop for it . 
  he 's an assassin , pretty obvious . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're misunderstanding on purpose or genuinely new to the game , he 's a mage , but he 's almost exclusively played in the jungle role . 
  his entire kit is about a burst assassin . 
  quite a few times , actually . 
  rule # 8 ? 
  what am i looking for ? 
  heavy fighters and heavy fighters . 
  fortified against cannons , actually . 
  this type is called a star fort , and they were highly prevalent in the entirety of europe from 15th to 19th century . 
   domestic policies like gay concentration camps in russia, 
  holy shit the ignorance in this comment is astounding . 
  why do you have 3 divisions as albania in 1940 ? 
   allow them to keep crimea . 
  a superpower will allow another superpower to do something ? 
  cute , so when will they `` allow '' china to have full control of the south chinese sea ? 
   i 'm saying that trump would allow it to happen by making no attempt to stop it . 
  you can fuck around in shitty countries like iraq and afghanistan as much as you want , but you wo n't stick a toe into russian or chinese spheres of influence , for a good reason . 
  might want to get this up on the steam workshop , moddb is pretty clunky and inconvenient . 
  game went from a solid 120 with 80 + in teamfights to < 90 with < 30 in teamfights . 
  made a support ticket , they told me it was my cpu , though the game hovers around 30 % gpu usage and the fps drops started this patch . 
  this buzzword needs to stop . 
  they 're hipfiring scoped lmgs in ww1 , this is fucking hillarious . 
  do n't tell me what to do , plebeian . 
  because there is literally no reason to pick him since there are at least five guardians that are flat out better than him . 
   they are like 12 working on that not a 200 men activision studio, 
  why should i care how many people work on it ? 
  for 60 $ , i 'm expecting my game to work . 
  how old are you ? 
  in case it was n't clear : france . 
  i want burgundy to kill france , then form it again . 
  it would be the ultimate insult . 
  mods used :, 
  - [ shattered europa ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=342746678 ) with a normal start . 
  - [ graphical map improvements ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=253263609 ) for the looks and water . 
  - [ thick borders ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=301653798 ), 
  and a few other tidbits for quality of life improvements . 
  posted in other comment . 
  vive la france !,
