  serqet ult now has the range of a khepri ult . 
  impressive length !, 
  jesus christ , careful you do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  nice !, 
  can i ask which graphical mods you 're using ? 
   hungary became a tiny , pissed off shadow of its former self . 
  good summary of the end of ww1 . 
  wait , you mean i ca n't just hold m1 on enemies and get kills ? 
  i have to use my brain ? 
   the recent lack of news on smite, 
  what are you smoking ? 
  there 's an update every two weeks , and a completely new god is released every month . 
  i know reddit likes to jump on le ebil developer bandwagon but seriously fuck off . 
  no it 's not , stop lying . 
  obama shuts fox out of press briefings related to benghazi http://www.wnd.com/2014/01/fox-anchor-team-obama-threatened-benghazi-reporter/, 
  `` the obama white house went to war against fox news , '' jake tapper http://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/kristine-marsh/2017/01/17/tapper-press-conference-kerfuffle-obama-also-went-war-against, 
  2008 `` fishbowl dc has been keeping tabs of which media outlets have been allowed to ask a question at president-elect barack obama 's five press conferences so far . 
  they report fox news is 0 -- 5 . 
  `` questions instead went to such outlets as abc , new york times , cbs , reuters and the associated press . '' '' https://thinkprogress.org/fox-news-shut-out-again-at-obama-press-conference-6d2eb5734390#.t6orlm2qb, 
  `` in 2010 , president obama said that fox news had a point of view which was `` ultimately destructive '' for america ... the university of minnesota 's eric ostermeier tallied up the number of questions each member of the white house press corp had been able to ask during all of obama 's first term press conferences . 
  abc , cbs , the associated press and nbc led the pack , with abc having been selected for questioning 29 times over 36 solo press conferences . 
  ( overall , reporters have had fewer chances to ask questions than any white house press corps since ronald reagan 's . 
  ) ... fox news , though it has a reach that far outstrips its competitors and sometimes rivals the broadcast networks , was in ninth place on the list , having been called on 14 times ... nbc 's chuck todd and abc 's jake tapper ( now at cnn ) were called on the most of any reporters -- they each got 23 chances to question obama . '', 
  `` mr. axelrod said it was the view of the white house that fox news had blurred the line between news and anti-obama advocacy ... by the following weekend , officials at the white house had decided that if anything , it was time to take the relationship to an even more confrontational level . 
  the spur : executives at other news organizations , including the new york times , had publicly said that their newsrooms had not been fast enough in following stories that fox news , to the administration 's chagrin , had been heavily covering through the summer and early fall -- namely , past statements and affiliations of the white house adviser van jones that ultimately led to his resignation and questions surrounding the community activist group acorn ... those reports included a critical segment on the schools safety official kevin jennings , with the on-screen headline `` school czar 's past may be too radical '' ; urgent news coverage of a video showing schoolchildren `` singing the praises , quite literally , of the president , '' which the fox news contributor tucker carlson later called `` pure khmer rouge stuff '' ... there followed , beginning in earnest more than two weeks ago , an intensified volley of white house comments describing fox as `` not a news network . '' ... then , in an interview with nbc news on wednesday , the president went public . 
  `` what our advisers have simply said is that we are going to take media as it comes , '' he said . 
  `` and if media is operating , basically , as a talk radio format , then that 's one thing . 
  and if it 's operating as a news outlet , then that 's another . '' ... `` we simply decided to stop abiding by the fiction , which is aided and abetted by the mainstream press , that fox is a traditional news organization , '' said dan pfeiffer , the deputy white house communications director . '', 
  edit :, 
  brigading without any comments , typical shariablue . 
  yes , obama has done this several times in the past . 
  obama shuts fox out of press briefings related to benghazi http://www.wnd.com/2014/01/fox-anchor-team-obama-threatened-benghazi-reporter/, 
  `` the obama white house went to war against fox news , '' jake tapper http://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/kristine-marsh/2017/01/17/tapper-press-conference-kerfuffle-obama-also-went-war-against, 
  2008 `` fishbowl dc has been keeping tabs of which media outlets have been allowed to ask a question at president-elect barack obama 's five press conferences so far . 
  they report fox news is 0 -- 5 . 
  `` questions instead went to such outlets as abc , new york times , cbs , reuters and the associated press . '' '' https://thinkprogress.org/fox-news-shut-out-again-at-obama-press-conference-6d2eb5734390#.t6orlm2qb, 
  `` in 2010 , president obama said that fox news had a point of view which was `` ultimately destructive '' for america ... the university of minnesota 's eric ostermeier tallied up the number of questions each member of the white house press corp had been able to ask during all of obama 's first term press conferences . 
  abc , cbs , the associated press and nbc led the pack , with abc having been selected for questioning 29 times over 36 solo press conferences . 
  ( overall , reporters have had fewer chances to ask questions than any white house press corps since ronald reagan 's . 
  ) ... fox news , though it has a reach that far outstrips its competitors and sometimes rivals the broadcast networks , was in ninth place on the list , having been called on 14 times ... nbc 's chuck todd and abc 's jake tapper ( now at cnn ) were called on the most of any reporters -- they each got 23 chances to question obama . '', 
  `` mr. axelrod said it was the view of the white house that fox news had blurred the line between news and anti-obama advocacy ... by the following weekend , officials at the white house had decided that if anything , it was time to take the relationship to an even more confrontational level . 
  the spur : executives at other news organizations , including the new york times , had publicly said that their newsrooms had not been fast enough in following stories that fox news , to the administration 's chagrin , had been heavily covering through the summer and early fall -- namely , past statements and affiliations of the white house adviser van jones that ultimately led to his resignation and questions surrounding the community activist group acorn ... those reports included a critical segment on the schools safety official kevin jennings , with the on-screen headline `` school czar 's past may be too radical '' ; urgent news coverage of a video showing schoolchildren `` singing the praises , quite literally , of the president , '' which the fox news contributor tucker carlson later called `` pure khmer rouge stuff '' ... there followed , beginning in earnest more than two weeks ago , an intensified volley of white house comments describing fox as `` not a news network . '' ... then , in an interview with nbc news on wednesday , the president went public . 
  `` what our advisers have simply said is that we are going to take media as it comes , '' he said . 
  `` and if media is operating , basically , as a talk radio format , then that 's one thing . 
  and if it 's operating as a news outlet , then that 's another . '' ... `` we simply decided to stop abiding by the fiction , which is aided and abetted by the mainstream press , that fox is a traditional news organization , '' said dan pfeiffer , the deputy white house communications director . '', 
  high quality comment !, 
  saving this to use against the cucks over on / r/redacted, 
   the view of the white house that fox news had blurred the line between news and anti-obama advocacy ... by the following weekend , officials at the white house had decided that if anything , it was time to take the relationship to an even more confrontational level . 
  i 'm waiting for your next attempt to spin this story into trump being evil without being massive hypocrites because your messiah did the same . 
  it 's even sweeter because unlike you , i 'm not paid to do this . 
  cucks are brigading the comments , i got you fellow centipede !, 
  back to / r/redacted with you !, 
  out out out !, 
  look at his name . 
  do n't bother replying , i 'm assuming they 're paid per post and reply they get . 
  it 's getting brigaded ridiculously hard . 
  i must have deported at least twenty comments in the past half an hour . 
  comments are getting brigaded extra hard , it 's disgusting . 
   are you realy cheering such a decision ? 
  yes i am , concern troll . 
  we got your taaaaaaapppppeeeeeesssss !, 
  high energy and high effort !, 
  this should be its own post if it is n't already . 
  it 's good to see / r/redacted is still active even at 2 am cet . 
  out , out , out !, 
  why cheat in 1444 ? 
  shitty meme replies aside , your best bet is to simply restart until you get a diplomatic reputation advisor , then improve relations with and ally the mamluks . 
  you should have a very easy time after that . 
  no you are n't . 
  anyone saying you 'll get banned from smite for using a pirated copy of windows is lying . 
   oh well - that 's the price to pay for less hackers and i 'll gladly take it, 
  i 'm struggling to imagine the process your brain went through to get to this conclusion . 
  i 've played smite for well over a 1000 hours and i 've seen maybe 2 speedhackers in all of that time , then i see someone like you post something so utterly moronic that it made me stop and consider if you 're actually being paid to shill or if you 're just a very , very confused teenager . 
  seconding, 
  r5 : if the habsburg dies , i instantly inherit all of austria . 
  i 've never been a big fan of savescumming , but seeing this just fills me with a need to do it . 
  is it acceptable when i can rid the world of habsburgs once and for all ? 
  using a graphical mod to change the colour of serbia , because the default one is incredibly ugly . 
  zeta is a good capital because it 's on mountains , which makes for easy defense . 
  good news , their ruler died two years after i took this screenshot !, 
  i did n't inherit them , but i did get them in a pu which france contested unsuccessfully due to the massive burgundy . 
  time to eat hungary !, 
  haha , if i wanted to go for a mad blobbing spree i would n't be playing serbia . 
  my goal is to own all of the balkans without blobbing elsewhere , with pus and vassals controlling anatolia and central/east europe . 
  might do some colonizing later on , it 's tons of fun already . 
  jesus christ why, 
  i allied the mamluks early on after conquering bosnia . 
  albania was allied to hungary , and in a trade league with ragusa , so they , along with the mamluks distracted the ottomans long enough for me to siege down and annex most of greece and bulgaria . 
  once you beat the turk down early , he 's not much of a threat . 
  this is actually even better for me , because what i had in mind when starting this game was to have a strong austria in pu under me while i feed them hungary and parts of hre . 
  i 'll be relaxing in the balkans on the aegan coast , colonizing and terrorizing anatolia and the middle east while super-austria watches my back . 
  it 's a lot of fun so far . 
  rep. advisor and ally the mamluks early on after conquering bosnia . 
  albania , allied to hungary , was declared on by the ottomans and they , along with the mamluks and ragusa were strong enough to distract the kebab while i sieged down all of balkans , then annex most of it . 
  fair enough !, 
  i usually do n't play on ironman because i have enough self-discipline not to use the console since it makes the game less fun . 
  from what i 've been reading , though , it looks like savescumming and forced crashing are much more common in ironman than you 'd think . 
  so how is the game , actually ? 
  as a big wh fan , i 've barely heard anything about it since the release . 
  ruh-roh , / r/edacted is leaking,
