i was n't even aware you could have regiments this small - they usually either all die or are left with 50 + men for me . 
  how did you manage this ? 
  great game from both teams !, 
  very happy that epsilon won , and since nme is my favorite na team i 'll have an amazing time tomorrow no matter who wins . 
  adapting is a beast . 
  after the disgusting season epsilon had , it would be a disgrace if they did n't at least make the finals . 
  nme was just a complete and utter surprise which is why i love them . 
  will be a great match !, 
  i honestly would n't even be mad if nme won . 
  have a bit of a hate for c9 because of their cs : go team and fanbase , which is why i was happy for epsilon , but anything goes tomorrow . 
  the search feature on the right is very useful when it comes to researching anything you 've missed . 
  i recommend starting with the patch you last remember and working up from there . 
  there 's no need to be rude . 
  substract an hour ? 
  i 'm in the central european time timezone . 
  all the other tournaments with an international player/viewer base will either include the timezone or convert it based on your location when you visit the page . 
  what 's smite 's excuse ? 
  you 're either trolling or just not reading my posts . 
  either way it 's not worth responding to you anymore . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or actually feel like this , but one of the fastest ways to get bored of the game is to savescum . 
  you 're using a huge crutch and making yourself worse at the game . 
  great game , expected result . 
  eu dominating one more competitive e-sport , hopefully here to stay . 
  thank you for your opinion / u/carrotfuckar666, 
  not sure why you 're calling me a bitch and a prick when i never insulted you , but feel free to act like a fucking twelve year old - it 's the internet after all / u/carrotfuckar666, 
  the purple parts of the ui look rather nice , is it a mod ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  already loving it . 
  guy with 4000 + hours in competitive fps/mobas here . 
  being in a voice chat with other players in your team will always give you an advantage . 
  the ingame system for smite is useful , but nothing beats voice chat . 
  i 'm a masters player in eu and i 'm not entirely sure what you 're talking about . 
  9/10 of my matches the entire team is on curse and even if they ca n't talk they are at least listening to the main caller and responding with voice ingame . 
  ottomans are named rum due to shattered europa . 
  do n't ask me why , ask the creator . 
  after getting smacked down pretty hard earlier in the game by the ottoman 4.1 morale compared to my 3.2 ( while being two techs and 10 % discipline ahead of them ) this feels rather nice . 
  on a sidenote , naples and wallachia make great marches . 
  my goal was to have a cozy game and try to recreate the historical byzantium borders as the infamous kebab-removers . 
  might form illyria later on , who knows !, 
  will be fun either way . 
  mods used :, 
  - [ graphical map improvements ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=253263609 ), 
  - [ shattered europa ( finally updated !, 
  ) ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=342746678 ), 
  - [ dynamized development ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=533364375 ), 
  he did n't say that , read the post again . 
  why and how would us invade a chinese protectorate with nuclear weapons ? 
  please , i 'm interested . 
  i 've been pirating games and movies for over a decade . 
  i 'll pirate this as well . 
  does that make you angry ? 
  seconding avira . 
  avast broke my windows os twice , switched to avira and have n't had any problems since . 
  ate two provinces from bosnia and vassalized them . 
  waited until ottoscum declared on venice so they could n't be called against me and took most of their provinces on the balkans . 
  waited for the warning to expire and declared on and vassalized wallachia before turning them into a march . 
  their 30 stack certainly helped . 
  hungary got beaten down by poland , bohemia and me over the course of some six wars . 
  i just took tsarigrad too . 
  fun times !, 
  definitely this . 
  a friend of mine did the same thing when he was playing as the ottomans , giving himself 7000 gold and 3 finished idea groups in 1455 . 
  his excuse was `` the ottomans are really hard so i need this to help me out . '', 
  he was playing as sweden then switched to the ottomans because he lost against a huge coalition , just after i managed to form the kingdom of jerusalem . 
  i made him gift 90 % of his gold ( around 8000 at the time ) away to mzab who got annexed by mamluks next month and disband all his idea groups . 
  honestly , i ca n't see how ottomans would ever be fun to play or require any skill , but i guess it 's up to the player . 
  this was actually really cool and i was a bit sad it did n't actually cover the entire 2000 years . 
  please continue !, 
  i upgraded to windows 10 and ran it for around three months . 
  the number of bsod ramped up to a level where i was getting 1-2 nearly every time i restarted my pc , not to mention that rebooting it took absolute ages . 
  coupled with lower fps in most of my games , inability to run some of the older ones and the fact that it did n't let me actually turn off updates ( ! ), 
  made me go back to windows 7 a week ago, 
  almost like magic , all of my bsod disappeared , my fps is fine and i could update whatever and whenever i wanted instead of being forced ( once again ! ), 
  to update by my os . 
  the only redeeming feature ? 
  i guess cortana was fun to play around with for a couple of hours , but that was about it . 
  english is not my primary language and she does n't support my primary one making her pretty useless . 
  just my experience , i 'd like to hear what improvements , if any , people got by upgrading . 
  i love how butthurt americans get on reddit as soon as you mention their country in a negative way . 
  everyone is happily bashing russia and saying putin is evil , then gets offended when someone says something bad about your own country . 
  you made a sarcastic statement without actually contributing to the conversation in any meaningful way in an effort to look smart . 
  well done !, 
  slighlty unrelated , but does anyone know why they named it `` japanese '' and not shinto ? 
  seeing as how incon does n't do support videos anymore , can anyone recommend a good support to watch ? 
  1453 worst year of my life . 
   there is definitely a line , and i 'll be very transparent : i did mention to people that they should be careful about how they state their opinions -- but that 's exactly what they are , opinions . 
  and again , i think it 's a good thing that the very staff that delivers esports content to the community is equally invested in the community . 
  i would much prefer it if a staff member was acting professionally while using a twitter account that advertises his company and game instead of actively fostering drama and insulting people . 
  it makes the entire company look unprofessional and cheap . 
   that is so mild , like is that the kind of thing that makes redditers blood boil ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 've ever worked somewhere but actively participating in drama , insulting people on your twitter account and behaving like a teenager is a very easy way to get fired . 
  either is fine as long as she does n't have a helmet . 
  a gas mask ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  honestly the biggest thing separating smite from more popular mobas such as dota and lol right now after the number of players is just the sheer lack of professionalism and production quality the company has . 
  dmbrandon should have been fired long ago - instead every month or two there 's yet another fuckup that gets the whole community in an uproar before we are reassured that something will be done , and never is . 
  this is the latest one where he 's acting up on a twitter account representing his game and workplace , and we 're treating it as if it was normal . 
  what am i trying to say here ? 
  op is completely right and something needs to change if you want the game to grow . 
  i 'm confused as to why you 're putting dots at the end of your replies , could you elaborate ?
