  straight from wikipedia . 
  muslims *, 
  muslim . 
  no one had a phone out in a crowd of thousands of teenage girls at a concert ? 
  are you being dense on purpose ? 
  designated, 
  ruh-roh , this entire comment chain is about to get removed for the greater good . 
  far right ? 
  who ? 
  holy fuck the larp . 
  the view from that office is great . 
  do we have any videos ? 
  thank you !, 
  / u/siralexoftardis posted an excellent [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bakyvvm6ipe ) which i think was done at the same time as the article . 
  comments like this are why trump won . 
  t. teenager, 
   i 'm am english teacher, 
  sorry , can you repeat that ? 
  all i hear is `` reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee '', 
  me too , and i 'm a serb !, 
  does this mean i 'm a sleeper agent too ? 
  i guess all of civilized world is racist for it , then . 
   why would a centuries-old reformation priest be the largest seller ever ? 
  you serious ? 
   you cowardly sack of crap, 
  triggered ? 
  checkmate europoors !, 
  delet, 
  how dare you like something drumpf did ? 
  fucking nazi , i bet you kiss girls too . 
  * holds up a fork *, 
   a fellow comrade, 
  this is pure fucking cringe whenever i read it on this site . 
  to be honest , 8 years is going to be a really long time . 
  i 'd start mentally preparing myself for even more losing as time goes on if i were you . 
  mein oppa was a blood raven ? 
  if only the emperor , praise him , had chosen to listen to his generals ... 
  integrate potato, 
  i do n't really care about it at all , to tell you the truth . 
  since i 'm serbian , i already have free healthcare even if i 'm unemployed - i just like trump a ton . 
  not on any government or private buildings as far as i know , are you sure you 're not thinking of the non-commie yugo flag ? 
  * holds up fork *, 
  the ai can walk straight through forts because if there 's a possible way for it to get to the next province by a transport ship , it simply does n't bother taking the ship and walks through forts . 
  absolute bullshit , but it is what it is . 
  you know it , i know it , everyone knows it . 
  in what way is it backwards ? 
  i watched them both multiple times over the years , your comment still does n't make sense . 
  that 's backwards ? 
  one of those societies is putting people on the moon , the other one lives in a fucking desert and shits on the ground . 
  jesus christ , really ? 
  a fucking cheese maker !, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  american *, 
  it could be that i missed it on the website , but the schedule contains no information whatsoever on when the games begin in cet , a timezone which i 'm sure a very large chunk of viewers are in . 
  i had to convert timezones manually just to find out when the finals begin . 
  is this normal for hirez ? 
  [ removed ], 
  a friend made me install this around a month ago , and i installed it without any difficulties and started using it for a couple of days . 
  however , it seems to have deleted itself , and now i simply can not install it . 
  whenever i try , i get this very nice message :, 
  [ failed to extract installer ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xsrbrlp.png ), 
  what i 've tried :, 
  - deleting all discord-related files from my installation folder, 
  - deleting all those files from appdata/localappdata/programdata as well, 
  - installing the new pts build, 
  - cleaning registry/old files with ccleaner, 
  - turning off all security software on my pc, 
  no dice , still getting the same error no matter what i do . 
  google does n't seem to be helping much , is there a known fix for this or am i simply unlucky ? 
  formed the netherlands as holland , but the event has n't popped up in a year or so . 
  do i need to be out of the hre before it can fire ? 
  i see duel/joust players on youtube and twitch use popular items to get the items for their gods all the time , but when i try it ingame it 's just blank , as in no items appear at all . 
  is there an option i 'm missing somewhere , or is it just a bug ? 
  yeah , i know how it usually goes . 
  a new god is released , or an old god gets a rework like ratatoskr did , and we all complain about them being overpowered , while a handful of people shout that he 's fine and fun because they play him and get a ton of kills . 
  well guess what ? 
  in the past dozen conquest casuals i 've played , every single loss has been due to a ratatoskr on the enemy team getting double digits in kills . 
  how ? 
  why it 's quite simple , he ccs you by jumping in , then bursts you , then ccs you again , all the while shrugging off all the damage your entire team is putting out by spamming abilities and healing up while spamming vel and then calling our team shit in the after-game lobby , as is custom with casual matches . 
  you think i 'm full of shit ? 
  i do n't blame you . 
  i 'd post more , but that would require me to play more casuals with this broken taunt spamming piece of shit , which is not going to happen . 
  smite guru is usually awful for getting a feel how well gods are doing , but this just takes the fucking cake . 
  i 'm usually the last guy to complain about overpowered gods , since i main support , but this is simply a fucking joke . 
  this would usually be posted in the rage threads we used to get , but i 'm sick of this little shit and his acorns , so i 'll stick to ranked and avoid casuals completely . 
  edit : account lvls/builds . 
  this was lvl30 , with people with hundreds and thousands of conq games . 
  i apologise if i 've missed a sticky or a large thread somewhere . 
  i have n't touched the game since a week or so after horizons was released , and i still have no intention of buying it for that price . 
  my activities in elite were exploring and trading , though both got dull after a few dozen hours , which is why i left in the first place . 
  a couple of days ago i got a huge patch stuck in my download queue , what does it change ? 
  better yet , what does it change for me as someone who does n't own horizons and does n't plan to ? 
  hey guys , need a little help with making my mod compatible with other ones . 
  it 's a rather small one , increasing recruitable population in non-cored states from 2 % to 30 % . 
  the issue i 'm having is that other mods that change more stuff like expanded industry seem to take priority , and my mod does n't get used even if it 's activated . 
  they both edit the 00_defines . lua file , but i 'm not sure why ei seems to get priority . 
  is there anything i can do to fix this ? 
  any way to simply have one line in it instead of the entire content of 00_defines . lua with only one line changed in my mod ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  i can play support at a very high level , adc and solo average .
