  the other answers in this thread are either stupid or flat out wrong . 
  the clausewitz engine , which is used for hoi 4 is broken . 
  it will only ever fully use your 3rd core , leaving the others at a much lower usage . 
  the same problem happens in stellaris there is nothing you can do to fix it . 
  you 're posting in a subreddit primarily visited by us and uk teenagers . 
  just give it up , there 's no point in trying to argue . 
  / r/notmyjob, 
  itt : american teenagers stroking their patriotic dick and thinking their citizens are for some reason above the law when in a foreign country . 
  this is some / r/shitamericanssay material . 
  two planes not enough ? 
  what do you dislike about communism ? 
   when you 're having a hard enough time just maintaining power and influence within your own borders , you 're a gimped nation . 
  you have literally no idea what you 're talking about and it 's showing . 
  how old are you ? 
   i can refer to europeans , in general , while understanding that europeans come from dozens of countries , languages , and cultures . 
  i can do this in large part because many europeans themselves talk about `` being european , '' when it suits them . 
  the european union , and the arguments that were made against brexit , absolutely invoked this idea of `` european-ness , '' and the solidarity of europeans . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about and it 's showing . 
   you guys got to feel like big shots for 15 years with napoleon , so we 're even , right ? 
  something tells me your country 's education system is severely lacking , especially the history part of it . 
  1453 worst year of my life . 
  remove kebab , you are worst stink t * rk . 
  not if it 's a filthy habsburg . 
   usa is about double the size of the eu, 
  who the fuck taught you geography ? 
  why would that be scary ? 
  it 's pretty ridiculous , considering even eu4 has casualties per battle . 
  while it would certainly be nice , the release was obviously rushed to meet the 6/6 deadline , and will probably be added somewhere down the line . 
  ca n't access it for some reason , odd . 
   the us worked out the logistical issues , they could feed the nk villages as it invaded, 
  that sounds like a fantastic way to start ww3 . 
  i know reddit has its fair share of armchair generals popping up in these threads , but even the densest fucker would figure out attacking a buffer state allied to china, 
  ( and by extension , russia ) would n't end well for anyone involved . 
  while i admire your patriotic boner , the difference is that one of those is a buffer state between a super power and a satellite state , while the other is a muslim country with massive oil reserves . 
  would you say it 's a. . . vast right-wing conspiracy ? 
  hillarious seeing the article right above this one on the sub . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't his wall include above and below ground sensors to prevent precisely this kind of stuff ? 
  oh god , they 're here . 
  they 're too busy on facebook and twitter right now trying to sort this mess out . 
  i 'm enjoying it while it lasts . 
   their electorate was dumb enough to actually do it . 
  you 're calling 51 % of the country `` dumb '' ? 
  not if you 're brown and muslim , it is n't . 
  would n't that be one of the just cause games then ? 
  they both have much larger worlds than skyrim , and the graphics are simply better . 
  am serbian , can confirm champagne was popped when a president with a wife born in yugoslavia was elected over a woman whose husband bombed and destroyed our country . 
  are you trolling ? 
  imagine if that was a russian sub 20km from a us carrier group . 
  you 'd be shitting yourself . 
  that 's racist . 
  i 'll always upvote a relevant ken m. quote . 
  for you . 
  only real countries get to show up . 
  calm down with your larping . 
  no one is going to fuck with a superpower , especially when the only other superpower is no longer actively poking them . 
  not since they lost the second war they started , it is n't . 
  holy fuck , this has to be a troll . 
  me too thanks . 
  this ca n't be real , that 's some nazi/north korea level of indoctrination right there if true, 
  interesting !, 
  suffer not the xenos to live !, 
  it is in this sub , apparently . 
  i got paired with a canadian !, 
  the shipping here from serbia will be absolute hell , so i might just buy from amazon instead . 
  seems he likes star wars , might not be a bad place to start . 
  not a bad idea !, 
  hope they arrive at around the right time , otherwise it would be a bit embarrassing . 
  they expect one of us in the wreckage , brother !, 
  am serbian , living in belgrade . 
  i 've literally never heard a gun being fired before except when i went hunting with friends in the countryside . 
  we 're the second country in the world per number of weapons per 100 people , right behind the us . 
  i think your country has a serious problem and that its insane you 're accepting it . 
  oh god , / r/redacted on literal suicide watch . 
  the rest of reddit idolizes musk , how are they going to spin this one ? 
  will be interesting to see if they 'll have the balls to pull it off . 
  the last time i saw a huge high energy subreddit banned was back when / r/pcmasterrace was closed down for harassment , and they proceeded to flood literally all of / r/gaming and / r/games with pro pc posts for nearly two days before the admins restored it since they could n't handle the heat . 
  i do n't remember how many subs they had back then , but it was nowhere near 300k . 
  they know banning this will unleash a flood of pro-trump shitposts on any even remotely politically related subreddits that they ca n't even hope to contain . 
  i do n't think spaz will have the balls for it , no matter how much srs & co push him to do it . 
  no aircraft carrier means your coastline is unprotected ? 
  what in holy hell are you talking about ? 
  you mean like how the u.s. is publicly supporting moderate beheaders in syria while dropping pallets of weapons and ammo for isis ? 
  or is that different ? 
  with no survivors !, 
  wait . 
  it 's staying as is until soros 's funding runs out . 
  after that , we 'll have what we had for a couple of days after the election , insane number of pro bernie posts ( ?? ), 
  and some neutral coverage on trump . 
  would pig blood be better instead ? 
  i would n't want to waste delicious pork on an animal . 
  that ending was amazing . 
  truly a shining example of liberal thinking . 
  how is what he said racist in any way ? 
  you guys need to chill out instead of getting triggered by everything . 
  i think you 're confusing something here , since jews are most certainly not a race , hence the term `` anti-semitism '' you were probably thinking about , which would n't even be applicable to a simple joke on the internet . 
  i still find the way you 're getting so triggered over a joke is absolutely hilarious , how old are you ? 
  holy shit i am crying , this is amazing . 
  pretty much reddit millennials in a nutshell . 
  if you want to see actual proof , just look up that video of an electoral college vote where a girl starts screaming about treason while her college friends start chanting `` shame ! '', 
  like they 're in a fucking movie or something , its hillarious .
