  i was wrong . 
  khaos managed to steal the fg by himself , randozos tilted hard and lost . 
  can someone explain what memorial day is ? 
  where is it celebrated ? 
   about countering the guy , cc just destroys him, 
  ah , reminds me of good old release bellona days . 
  `` just chain cc her , she ca n't kill you then . '', 
  according to his twitter , it was an issue with the servers . 
  the second game was simply moronic , i hope they get kicked out of spl . 
  i respect hinduman quite a bit more now . 
  you could see he was genuinely angry before they cut to the pause . 
  somehow i 'm not surprised . 
  omega and weak3n are some of the most toxic players in smite , though omega would do well to keep his mouth shut with what just happened , would n't be surprised if envy dropped this team after that embarassment . 
  read one of the five hundred replies to the same question you asked in one of the threads . 
  it speaks but is not of country, 
  how is possible ? 
  clever trick ? 
  bot is hate , reply me `` k '' but only give flair on new post, 
  is very sad times, 
  and twitch chat says eu games are n't exciting . 
  that was the best game of this season , hands down !, 
  fantastic smite gameplay today . 
  yuo can remove magyar from urself habsburg but u cant hide forever, 
  first world war worst part of my life, 
  never forget cer xaxa ur smelly habsburg, 
  what do you play when you support ? 
  is all drugs , it make proud serbian eagle black with sick and it bleed so is flag born, 
  itt americans in dire need of dr. osterreich 's butthurt cream . 
  unlike ratatoskr , he has n't been dominating my casual matches nearly as much . 
  if i start seeing him more , i 'll make another post about it and e-mail hi-rez until they do something . 
  not that they 'll give a shit . 
  after all , op gods sell skins . 
  edited the op . 
  geb got camped and focused hard . 
  i played hou yi . 
  if you have any doubts , feel free to queue for a casual game of conquest or 3v3 joust . 
  you 'll lose either way . 
  my last dozen casual matches say otherwise . 
  do you play casuals at all ? 
   yes they 're squishy as hell, 
  i agree with everything you said except this . 
  every rata in my games gets 1-2 defense items and basically becomes unkillable while shredding our entire team . 
  after reading that , i can only assume you either play < lvl30 , or do n't play casual at all . 
  i 'm a fairly average casual player , and this is how most of my matches with a ratatoskr on our/enemy team end . 
  my friends are reporting the same thing . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm assuming horizons got an absolute ton of features to warrant such a massive , massive patch . 
  might buy it if it drops down to 15-20 $ , but i think i 'll stay away for now . 
  reddit is literally the only place where i 've seen teenagers defend a company for no reason . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  if this is a troll , it 's a pretty awful one . 
  in my personal opinion , from the 500 ~ matches i 've played so far , from hardest to easiest :, 
   games will be ruined because of it, 
  considering how broken the last half a dozen gods were on release , i do n't think there will be any losses for a team with fafnir . 
  / r/smitelfm, 
  yeah , i 'd be pissed too if a bunch of vietnamese farmers with outdated weapons and equipment were fighting back against foreign aggression in their homeland . 
  should have just nuked them tbh . 
  well that makes it alright , then . 
  i 'm sure all those people who had their lives completely ruined would agree . 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  compared to previous half a dozen releases we 've had , they 've done an okay job keeping him simple . 
  are you really using twitch emotes on reddit ? 
  this is the epitome of cringe . 
  i 'll compare him to bacchus , since he 's the most similar . 
  - bacchus has % damage reduction because of his passive , fafnir has protections . 
  bacchus 's is easier to get as it only requires 3 swigs of his ability , and only uses mana instead of accumulating gold . 
  - bacchus has mobility and cc thanks to his flop , so does fafnir , except fafnir 's is worse because it 's a disarm and not a knockup , which is arguably the best kind of cc in the game . 
  - bacchus has damage , and then a stun on his belch . 
  fafnir has a stun on his jump if he uses his ultimate, 
  - if bacchus is in trouble , he can use him ultimate for insane damage and heavy disorientation , then flop away . 
  if fafnir is in trouble , he can use his ultimate for a couple of seconds of damage immunity , then jump away . 
  yet no one is crying for a bacchus nerf . 
  we simply do n't know anything about fafnir 's matchup against different gods because the pts is not even up yet . 
  i 'd recommend waiting before calling him op . 
  fair enough , i agree !, 
  i think they 've done a fantastic job on him so far , and hope they adjust as needed throughout the pts . 
  although , after seeing ratatoskr and susano get out of pts like they did , it 's a bit worrying . 
  exactly what / u/the _ dinks said, 
  i am playing as a custom nation in north america . 
  albania has economic and offensive ideas , and they both consider me unknown . 
  it looks like a discovery bug , and unless albania has decided it would be a great idea to build a spy network and steal my maps , i do n't know how this could happen . 
  edit :, 
  balkan countries are really stepping it up . 
  i 'm glad i finally upgraded to 1.17, 
  edit 2 :, 
  will release a timeline video when i finish the game , some pretty hillarious stuff happened . 
  i 'm not sure what happened , but i 'm guessing aragon was involved somehow . 
  they are getting spitroasted by aragon and granada right now . 
  that 's the one , yeah , nicely spotted !, 
  did n't consider it . 
  i still think it 's adorable how france is asking theodoro for maps , though . 
  will release a timeline video when i 'm done . 
  it 's shatt ** er ** ed europa . 
  i strongly recommend installing it , i ca n't play the game without it . 
  you saw nothing . 
  in shattered europa , ottomans start off as `` osman '' , and have a decision to change their country to r\u00fbm after conquering byzantium and ( i think ? ), 
  all of greece . 
  i 've never really played as the ottomans , but it does give them claims on all of the balkans iirc , pretty fun stuff . 
  he 's in every single one of my casual games . 
  also one of the reasons i have n't been playing since last week .
