  i 've been using [ this ] ( https://d.justpo.st/media/images/2016/01/14/everyone-i-dont-like-is-hitler-the-emotional-childs-guide-to-political-discussion-1452799024.jpg ) a lot recently on reddit . 
  wonder why . 
  who ? 
   as serbia , your first objective is to survive the ottomans, 
  while i agree , i 've found out that as soon as you ally plc/bohemia/aus , the ottomans usually never declare war on you , meaning you stop their expansion into europe pretty early on . 
  after that , it 's simply a waiting game until your truce with hungary/venice expires so you can continue eating their land . 
  sounds like a bug , load back an earlier save ? 
  if that does n't work , try giving yourself prestige and placating them until it 's at 0 percent . 
  why do n't you speak their language ? 
  i did n't say you should learn fifty languages , i was pointing out that expecting other people to speak your language without knowing theirs is silly , to say the least . 
  the world is n't like reddit . 
  us is literally the only place i 've been in where people are actually afraid to say `` black '' . 
  it 's pretty fascinating . 
  why does reddit have such a hardon for ublock when everyone is using ab/abp ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i believe i already turned those off in ab . 
  how big is the difference in resources used ? 
  i have 8 gb of ram and a pretty beefy processor , wondering if it 's worth it . 
  but why would i switch ? 
  you people seem to really love it for some reason , but why would i bother installing a different extension when the one i already have does everything i need it to ? 
  both forts are up and maintained . 
  they did not land an army in the balkans first , i watched them march through the forts like they were n't even there , then wipe out my smaller stack that was just about to finish sieging another fort . 
  i realize that forts have been silly lately , but this is just fucking ridiculous - the sole purpose of those forts was to hold off their armies while i finish sieging the lands up here , and they simply walk through them like they are n't even there and wipe out my armies . 
  i do have mods installed , namely shattered europa , but i highly doubt it has anything to do with this . 
  what is causing this ? 
  any way i can stop it ? 
  edit : they just did it again . 
  it 's like it 's not even there . 
  so two/three forts right next to each other just wo n't do anything ? 
  that does n't sound right , should i just delete one of them ? 
  this is a lie . 
  he 's specifically refering to consoles in the title , they have a slightly different system with less commands due to gamepads having such a low amount of buttons . 
  90 % of the time your build should be watcher 's gift/shoes of focus/hide of the urchin/breastplate of valor/bulwark of hope and after that focus on getting a few cloaks . 
  this build gives you a lot of defense and a lot of cdr . 
  you could also pick up a soul reaver as your last item , or even a gem of isolation if you want to be really annoying . 
  what role did you main ? 
  different stuff might interest you depending on it . 
  pretty useless compared to an active such as sprint , shell or curse . 
  in ranked , you take turns banning and picking gods . 
  once a god is picked , the other team ca n't pick it . 
  this is if you 're going to expand into europe , obviously . 
  when i play on the british isles , i found it much more fun to simply colonize everything . 
  ca n't be bothered , honestly . 
  i dislike playing as the english immensely , so i usually just form ireland and play a relaxed colonization game after taking the entirety of the isles . 
  huh , sounds interesting . 
  i 've been having the same issue , will try this out and report back . 
  i agree with him , though . 
  or are you going to argue that lazy recolors and a hinduman voicepack are somehow better than the ton of quality unique skins we got last year plus the nox/swagni voicepacks ? 
  why on earth would any of those three subs banned ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i have no idea what you mean here . 
  while i ca n't speak for the other two since i do n't visit them that often , i 've started visiting european since any news on refugees were getting censored on / r/europe and i like to be up to date on stuff that affects me directly . 
  if you 're actually going through my comment/submission history in an attempt to somehow render my opinion irrelevant , that 's pretty sad . 
  do you have an actual argument ? 
  you have to be trolling . 
  mobility is the most overpowered asset in this game , and being able to have a free teleport is something that should n't exist . 
  what if i do n't want to play khepri or athena every game like i 'm currently forced to ? 
  what if i want to play one of the other four or five viable guardians we have thanks to hirez ? 
  very odd . 
  you 're usually supposed to get claims on most of greek orthodox territory , at least that 's what usually happens to me . 
  but if i play sobek/geb/bacchus against her she 'll just dash out of the knockup , making the laning phase against her impossible to win . 
  therefore , i 'm forced into a couple of broken gods everyone plays . 
  how so ? 
   ignorant but ok i 'll still respond, 
  i 'd argue that saying the passive is n't strong makes you the ignorant one . 
   on demand mobility , not mobility that can only be obtained by sacrificing survival actives on your carrys . 
  she ca n't just decide she wants to fly to mid from duo . 
  yes she can . 
  she can take a five second back animation , then use her passive to fly to the tier 1 . 
   this shit again , it 's not a teleport . 
  she is not teleporting , the animation does n't even resemble a teleport . 
  if anything it 's closer to a weak apollo ult . 
  i am now completely convinced you 're either trolling , or stuck in the lowest dregs of ranked . 
  what in the world does `` racism '' have to do with being european ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  those gosh darn eastern europeans , saving europe from the muslim invaders at the siege of vienna . 
  out of curiosity , are you from the u.s. ? 
  it 's the only country i 've been to where people discriminate each other based on race instead of their nationality . 
  i 'm fine with my guardian having a counter to his cc . 
  i 'm not fine with over half of viable guardian gods being negated by a single ability not sure if you know this as a mage , but supports do n't have 40 viable gods for that role , which kinds of limits us . 
  i never said those guardians wo n't be viable ? 
  you 'll just lose lane because a sobek pluck would n't do anything , a geb knockup would be a free long dash , same for bacchus . 
  good luck ganking her . 
  i 've got no idea !, 
  tried it in god builder and ingame , absolutely nothing shows up . 
  90 % conquest with a few sieges or arenas here and there . 
  it does n't show up in god builder either . 
  how so ? 
  you can use your ult , but you 'd be taking damage as well while they 'd just beads out of it . 
  i 'm on pc . 
  the input lag difference is definitely noticeable , not to mention if you have a 120/144hz monitor . 
  i would n't be able to play stuff like cs : go or tf2 if i did n't have a constant 150-200 fps . 
  yes , solo takes the buff so he can sustain in his lane for longer , although anyone with mana issues , usually the support picks it up late game . 
  all of my friends with 120hz must be superhumans as well , then . 
  have you ever used one ? 
  that sounds very odd !, 
  which monitor is it ? 
  have you tried any fps-s with it , or just lol ? 
  i am very proud of you . 
  it was one of the first pictures that showed up when you google yuri gagarin . 
  also note the `` yuri-gagarin/yuri-gagarin -07 . jpg '' in the link .
