  they fucked off for a couple of days after trump 's landslide win , actually , we had some rather reasonable discussion with neutral submissions . 
  it was exactly the same when clinton had a seizure on 9/11 , they were so confused they had to wait for their next taking points from hq . 
  it was pretty funny to see actual discussion for over a day before a sudden flood of anti trump articles continued to bury it . 
  you 're calling a successful woman a ` bitch ' just because you disagree with her . 
  you are quite literally a mysoginist . 
   there 's literally no way to look at the outcome and call it anything other than one of the slimmest victories ever . 
  he won 306 electoral votes , what in the holy hell are you talking about ? 
  what would you consider a landslide , 350 ? 
  mate , you can literally look up videos of youtube where she had a seizure and starts shaking before being literally thrown into a van . 
  knock it off , it 's done . 
  ca n't wait for this comment chain to be deleted for racism and mysoginy by tomorrow . 
   a liberal sub, 
  this is not a liberal sub . 
  perhaps you need some sort of a. . . revolution ? 
  to , say , seize the means of production ? 
  you have literally no idea what you 're talking about and its showing . 
  memeball mod , one of the more cancerous things to come out of that shitty subreddit . 
  always good to see someone else using that graphics mod !, 
  i ca n't play the game without it nowadays . 
   france attacked germany, 
  anyone who says this should be ridiculed , and not taken seriously in any way . 
  next thing i 'll be hearing is that germany did n't cause ww1 so the versailles treaty was `` unfair '' , or that dresden was a war crime . 
  50k cannons lost to attrition ? 
   germany did n't directly cause wwi, 
  yes it did . 
   it was actually a mix of both austria-hungary involvement in serbia and german 's promise of a `` blank cheque '' for whatever austria-hungary wanted to do about the situation ;, 
  partially correct . 
  austria-hungary wanted to expand their empire further , and germany , needing an excuse to go to war against russia before she could modernize her railway system and build up a more modern army to prove a threat was more than happy to do whatever was needed to ensure a war came . 
  if not serbia , a different event would have caused the war either way , it was inevitable . 
   many in the austria-hungarian government ( and german government ) were opposed to war ,, 
  wrong . 
  austria-hungary , with germany 's encouragement , sent an ultimatum they knew would n't be accepted , and celebrated when they found out that serbia had been forced to deny a small part of it because it would be de-facto giving away any independence or integrity of their country . 
  i 'm not even going to bother to respond to the rest of that paragraph , because it 's pure nonsense . 
   to the point of the versailles treaty being `` unfair , '' many did see it just as that ,, 
  chief among them being germans , who are well known for having delusions of grandeur throughout their long history , and being smacked down by the rest of the civilized world time and time again . 
   dresden can and can not be seen as a war crime depending on how you look at it . 
  there it is . 
   what else would you like to know ? 
  i would like to know how you can sit there and spit out something straight out a wehraboo phrasebook with a straight face and not feel utterly ridiculous about yourself . 
  i have half a mind to crosspost this entire thing on / r/shitwehraboossay / and see you argue how the british blockade of germany was also a war crime , and then deny the holocaust and further ethnic cleansing in ww2 with a straight face . 
  i gather it would be rather funny . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't link it but look up shattered europa on the workshop !, 
  it does exactly that . 
  does n't having a scientist advisor actually give you benefits from that event instead ? 
  or did they remove it ? 
  look up serbia in ww1 . 
  or romania in ww1 . 
  i 'm sure there are other examples . 
  i 'll share your downvotes , brother !, 
  looking forward to seeing when their funding will dry up and swing this sub back around to something resembling neutrality . 
  crawling through a man 's post history is literally the most pathetic exclusively liberal thing i 've ever seen . 
  luckily , none of this will matter in a week . 
   neutral does n't mean giving fascism a chance . 
  read up on fascism before you embarrass yourself further . 
   the trump administration is a national embarassment and an outright danger to our democracy . 
  i know you 're being paid to post this , but i want you to know that i still found this funny . 
   you voted in a russian puppet , the outside world is not your safespace , you are going to have to deal with the rest of the planet calling them out as the traitors they are . 
  cue the standard `` i did n't vote for him bernie was my guy '' blah blah deflection bullshit, 
  i 'm serbian , so i actually did n't vote !, 
  i did convince three of my american friends to vote for him , though , as well as actively participate in t_d because i found it fun and like him . 
  seeing bernie shilling on reddit was particularly funny , even more so after he took all the money reddit millennials gave him and gave it straight to clinton . 
  at least they 're grouping up into a large stack !, 
  in my byzantium game , austria and hungary just send multiple 10-15 stacks everywhere that get wiped by a single ottoman 40-50 stack while i hide in the mountains and bang my head against a wall at the ai . 
  so it actually does exactly what it should and historically did ? 
  fair point , yet i do n't see the dutch or the danes chopping people 's hands and heads off or stoning women . 
  alright , calm down there satan , let 's not get too crazy here . 
  eight years !, 
  and it 's going to be fantastic !, 
  please ban a subreddit with over 300 thousand people that gets dozens of thousands of upvotes per post every day . 
  i would actually love to see literally all posts on / r/all be pro-trump , just like the good old days before they started fucking with the votes on it . 
  oh god . 
  should we tell him ? 
  jesus christ , let them get it out of their systems now , there 's a long 8 years ahead of us . 
  how old are you ? 
  go back to your containment board at / r/atheism, 
  the rest of the country disagrees . 
  tip your fedora somewhere else , this is a christian country . 
  i still ca n't believe in that in 2017 edgy teenagers are rejecting christianity because of youtube videos and memes . 
   i was raised in a christian cult that caused me lasting psychological damage, 
  no you were n't , stop your fucking larping . 
  her album sales soared after it was announced she would be doing it , actually . 
  i know i bought it , she has a great voice . 
  interesting name you 've got , centipede . 
  i wonder how many of us lurk this sub . 
   russia has largely do n't nothing at all in the fight against isis . 
  you ignorant fuck . 
  seeing moronic statements like this is why i barely visit / r/worldnews , jesus fucking christ . 
  already tried twice , got smacked down both times . 
   make that fucker choke on his sandwich . 
  sadly , that would n't have accomplished much . 
  the assassination was just a convenient excuse for germany to go to war with russia , if it was prevented , they 'd simply find another . 
  one of the sole reasons ww1 started was because germany wanted to put down russia before it could modernize its rail system and bring its army to modern standard at the time . 
  i have absolutely no idea where you read that , for starters , i invite you to check out the [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/july_crisis ), 
  because for some reason 90 % of this subreddit exclusively plays brandenburg/prussia/germany . 
  ottomans are the strongest nation in the game , which is why they are recommended for new players . 
  literally every country in europe requires id to vote . 
  even india , with its massive population has voting id laws , you guys are the only country i know of that does n't and it 's ridiculous . 
  here in serbia , you get a paper with your name and address mailed to you , and where you should go if you want to vote . 
  when you arrive , your name is double checked against the voting register , then you are checked for invisible ink that 's sprayed on your hand after you vote to make sure you ca n't vote twice . 
  this is completely normal , and paper ballots are used everywhere for a reason .
