  hirez staff should n't get involved in drama or give negative opinions about players - period . 
  not on twitter , reddit , twitch , anywhere . 
  it 's unprofessional and i 'd challenge you to find me another gaming company with an e-sports scene that allows their staff to behave like this . 
  i do n't think you 're reading my post . 
  please feel free to read it again before replying . 
   as someone else pointed out earlier , belgium was basically just a client state created by britain . 
  yugoslavia is a pretty similar story too ,, 
  similar how ? 
  not sure what you mean by this as he did n't mention anything related to wanting to be together in his comment . 
  no , it really , really was n't . 
  i 'd know , since i live in serbia and my parents were born in '59 and '60 and lived in yugoslavia . 
  ca n't be bothered to type it up , but [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/creation_of_yugoslavia ) page explains it rather well . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by cultural union as the only thing separating serbs , croats and bosnians are their religion . 
  salty downvotes ? 
  not sure why . 
  yes , it is , and considering the awful hardware the x-bone has , it 's unlikely to change . 
  of course it does , but i can always upgrade my pc . 
  i ca n't upgrade a console . 
  honestly do n't know how they manage it , if a game drops below 60ish i ca n't play it without getting a headache . 
  having english as your major language would imply that at the very least you have the basic grammar knowledge . 
  free level 3 beads at level one ? 
  fuck duo lane and ganking , am i right ? 
  fucking hunters and mages ruining the game because they ca n't place any wards then cry about cc being op . 
  this this this . 
  right now the thread is full of adc/mage mains who are used to not having to place any wards and just yolo into teamfights while holding mouse 1 . 
  needs to stop . 
  neither does holding m1 as hunter during the entire game and then raging because doing it against the shield is n't such a good idea . 
   he made a game that , for most audiences , is a creepshot/murder simulator , even if that 's what the defenders of the genre are going to say it 's not about . 
  those most audiences wo n't ever play the game , nor will they watch it . 
   you 're mixing two really sensitive social topics ( school murders and sexualizing minors ) and put those into a videogame ( incidentally , hot button topics currently ), 
  sensitive in the u.s. ? 
  yes . 
  in the rest of the world ? 
  not so much . 
  i know you guys are used to having a school shooting every week or two , but using `` its sensitive '' as an excuse makes it sound like people getting offended is a valid excuse to remove content . 
  i absolutely love it when random reddit posters defend companies on the internet without being paid for it . 
  i 'm sure they love it too . 
  have you considered not holding m1 down for five seconds ? 
  i know playing adc is a brainless yoloswagxdd role but at least use your brain . 
   sotu is no needed at all for hunters, 
  yes , yes it is . 
  have you tried not attacking for the next five seconds ? 
  i know it 's hard to let go of m1 , but it 's a possibility . 
  please be serious for a moment . 
  an item whose only purpose is to reflect burst damage back to the owner is not good against a hunter ? 
  should i also let a hunter wale crits on me for five seconds with 0 risk while i 'm running away because i ca n't do any damage ? 
  the item needs to be in the game to counter burst and you know it . 
  that sounds interesting !, 
  how would you counter a hunter as a warrior/guardian without resorting to nemean lion/shield ? 
  i seem to be getting hit with 400-500 crits every second , so i 'm clearly doing something wrong . 
  be sure to take a look at shattered europa on the workshop . 
  it adds a ton more provinces and formable nations , plus you can form the celtic union !, 
  your post would make sense except for the small fact that you can still see the gold on the top of your screen . 
  it 's a terrible excuse . 
  you want ares 's ult to be nerfed ? 
  nerf it , and he has nothing left to bring to teamfights except for cripple ( if you can hit your 3 chains on 3 different gods to have any presence ) . 
  compared to top tier guardians like khepri or athena , his ult is the only thing making him viable . 
  i realize mages are angry because beads no longer allow them to get out of position then pop their get out of jail free card , but fuck off from my ares . 
  he 's already getting twoshot by mages lategame while everyone else gets oneshot because of this garbage burst meta , mages do n't need even more of a buff . 
   cause the way i see it ares is still going to ruin arena . 
  if you 're letting an ares walk in and ult your entire team instead of popping your beads when he uses his severely nerfed blink which has the same cooldown then you ca n't blame him - blame yourself for being out of position . 
  and please do n't act like ares being good in arena is a new thing , i have over 500 arena games with him and claiming that new changes will make him better is bollocks . 
   that 'll surely fix the issue that you 're still yanked into one tiny area ( perfect for , oh i do n't know , scylla ult or ra ult ), 
  like it did ever since he was released ? 
  it 's adorable how people are just now figuring out that his ult is his only redeeming feature and whining about it . 
  will be interesting to see if they actually nerf it , making him completely useless . 
   am i the only one who thinks the only nerf khepri would really need was that of a sylvanus nerf ? 
  ( rising dawn would no longer affect minions just like wisps ) . 
  are you insane ? 
  you want to nerf his lane clear completely ? 
  have you ever played a game with khepri or are you just talking out of your ass like half of this thread ? 
   pretty sure they could nerf both and he 'd still be in a great spot . 
  t. someone who has never played khepri for more than two matches . 
  imagining bronze leaguers like you actually adjusting gods scares me . 
  then i remember that people doing the actual adjustments are n't any better than you and i just get sad . 
  interesting of you to say that you have !, 
  in your opinion , how would you nerf his primary lane clear and peel without making him worthless ? 
   things is ares does n't need blink to ult you , but you need beads to get away from the ult . 
  not quite sure how you expect an entire team to stay out of his ult range for over a minute in arena ... 
  if you 'd have read my post , you should know that if your team is letting a slow heavily armored guardian waddle amongst you , you 're a bad player . 
  in my arena games , enemy teams tend to be separated from each other so as to not let ares get more than 1 pull with his blink and let himself get trapped and bursted down . 
  it 's called positioning , commonly seen at levels of play higher than bronze . 
   ares flair kinda telling here . 
  i 'd argue the opinion of someone who has over 2.000 worshipers on ares is worth more than that of someone who played two games with him and concluded he 's op because the enemy team piled up on the minion wave on level 5 without beads . 
   i have no clue what youre on about but im diamond 4 if thats relevant to you and literally everyone knows khepri ruins the game in his current state and is way too op, 
  holy shit , i 'm at the same rank and have n't managed to see or hear all of these people complaining . 
  perhaps it 's because geb and athena remain top picks ? 
  incredible . 
  not quite sure what you mean by this . 
  people actually get pulled from wherever they are , including their spawn , athena 's ult or if they just went through a janus portal . 
  strangely enough , no one seemed to consider this a problem until mages ' favorite crutch got the rightfully deserved nerf . 
  they already nerfed that severely , then went on the latest of them and nerfed his pull instead just this patch , not sure what you mean . 
   \\  . jpg, 
  who are you quoting ? 
  who are you quoting ? 
  my bad , what i meant was that if you time it right you can pull her even after she lands somewhere else as long as you connect in time while she 's channeling it . 
  the wall thing sounds like a bit of a bug . 
  if you 're playing with good players , your team will be aware that they just destroyed your sentry and are trying to burst it down before you rotate , which means you 'd have five sets of eyes on the gold counter on top . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're trying to argue that removing even more information on how players/teams are doing is somehow a good thing . 
   it could happen as a ncie nerf to ares .
