  him and rata make playing casuals masochistic . 
  signed up as a support . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  just to clarify , we need to check in on the day of the tournament , two hours before the games start ? 
  i absolutely love his vew . 
  i had a guan yu on my team , and every time he said something in vgs he made sure to say woohoo !, 
  after it . 
  we won , but i was crying during the entire game , it 's fantastic . 
  smite is extremely , extremely cpu intensive , which is probably the only reason it 's able to run on consoles and toaster pcs . 
  it is also the only game i 've ever played that uses 80-90 % of each of my cpu cores while sitting in main menu in queue for a game . 
  on a sidenote , whatever you do , do not alt-tab out of the game at any point . 
  i go from 120-150fps to 30-50 after alt tabbing , nothing that can be done about it . 
  i do !, 
  has n't made a difference , at least for me . 
  i 've tried both - fullscreen and borderless , both give me the same result . 
  have n't found a way to fix it so far , it seems to persist until i restart the game . 
  alright , will be there . 
  sounds interesting !, 
  i just hope a random team does n't stomp everyone else because they 're in masters while everyone else is n't . 
  on a sidenote , how many teams are you expecting ? 
  daily reminder that hirezchris said this :, 
  in his very first appearance in spl , susano gets first blood , then proceeds to rack up 10 kills , the very highest in both games , destroying ao kuang , our infamouse `` s + + jungler '' . 
  ridiculous . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about and it 's showing . 
   in casuals 90 % of the time people will instalock and not give a shit if you wanted that role or not, 
  i 'm not sure which server you play on , but i have well over 500 games on casuals and this has happened in maybe 1/5 games i play . 
  ignore all the comments in this thread . 
  if someone starts insulting you , or insulting teammates , press tab and mute them . 
  it blocks all vgs and text chat . 
  if they continue trolling , do n't forget to say gg and politely ask the enemy team to report them in the after-game lobby screen . 
  get out of casuals . 
  it 's the only advice i can give you . 
  i 've played in casuals , played in ranked , even in a few tournaments , and casual is by far the most toxic gamemode . 
  if you have to play in casuals , as is the case with new god releases , hold tab and mute your teammates as soon as they start bming . 
  makes your game experience a lot better . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  just get in and play some games , voice communication will always trump vgs , but vgs is a fantastic system so you 'll have no problem either way . 
   i would n't really call russia a democracy at this point ,, 
  i 'm hoping this is a joke , but you never know with the us crowd . 
   so i 'm very aware of the politics there , likely more than you . 
  even if you live in russia , since they do n't have free press . 
  yeah , that 's a troll . 
  i was writing a serious reply , but this part got me . 
  no one would actually type something like this with a straight face . 
  please keep nationalistic shit out of the game . 
  i already mute every ra/zeus with those skins because of cringy the vps are , we definitely do n't need more of it . 
   a stereotypical `` murica '' skin is not nationalistic shit . 
  i would be very interested in hearing your argument how having a skin that screams america for its ultimate and has a huge flag hanging above one of its abilities is n't nationalistic and cringy to the extreme . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with avatars . 
  they have 0 effect on gameplay , and are only seen on the loading screen and profiles - smite is an international game and it 's nice to see how many people from different countries play it . 
   considering we 're getting a canadian moose mounty chiron skin soon ? 
   also , it 's not `` nationalistic '' -- it 's cheese . 
  i 've seen it , and i dislike it already . 
  nationalism and nation-related skins have no place in a game based on mythology and various pantheons around the world . 
  examples of this are the ra , zeus and athena skins . 
   you do n't have to be american to enjoy shit like `` team america '' and ramerica/uncle zeus are n't much different . 
  no , trust me , that 's just you . 
  if anyone worldwide bothered to watch that video , they 'd just cringe like i did . 
  you are basing your argument on knowing a single dutch guy and what he said on something completely unrelated to smite . 
  you know a single person from a small country in western europe and you think that gives you an inside knowledge on how people worldwide feel about that cringe you replied to me with . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling me at this point , or if you actually think what you said has any relevance to this conversation whatsoever . 
   berlin and the rest of what would become east germany suffered a smaller-scale holocaust of rape , brutality , and murder at the hands of the invading soviets . 
  and they completely deserved it . 
  everything the soviets did while advancing through germany was already done to them by germans - and a hundred times worse . 
  i do play something else . 
  i have over 500 games on steam , and smite is by no means the only one i play . 
  if that was an attempt to insult me , it was pretty sad . 
   from the downvotes i see . 
  it 's most likely just you and your argument . 
  you thinking downvote/upvote ratio on a comment somehow invalidates it tells me more about you than any number of angry paragraph you post could . 
   and while you may be offended by it . 
  i 'm not offended , i 'm cringing because nationalistic skins have no place in a game based on mythology from many different regions of the world . 
   so my best suggestion is to find a sense of humor or quit `` pushing '' against skins with such faulty logic . 
  that 's not a suggestion , that 's your opinion . 
  if you like nationalistic , over the top trash like this , that 's fine with me - there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  however , like i said , it has no place in smite . 
  this is n't tumblr , and if you 're unironically trying to use a `` safe space '' it in an attempt to boost your ( awful ) argument , there is something awfully wrong with you . 
  please do , and stay on na servers with the rest of the trash . 
  football * . 
  note , you do n't need to do this . 
  good luck getting more people to play ranked if you expect them to have 70 + masteries . 
   we should get rid of robot skins because they have no place in mythology . 
  yes , we should . 
  i 've hated them ever since the underworld event , and i personally feel they are awful . 
  still not as cringy as the nationalistic shit you 're proposing we get . 
  agreed . 
  it does n't take you that long to learn five or so per class , and you 'll have fun learning how to play different gods . 
  asking for 70 + is just ridiculous though . 
  i never said that . 
  you 're either trolling at this point , or simply not reading my posts . 
  either way , this conversation is done . 
  thanks for the guide !, 
  however , when i try only putting my line in the 00_defines . lua in my mod , the game crashes on startup , even if no other mods are enabled . 
  i have to copy the entirety of the 00_defines with my change added to have it run at all . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  i 've tried doing as you said , but renaming the . lua file to anything other than 00_defines seems to have no effect on the game - as in , the mod does n't do anything . 
  i 've made sure it has proper file structure and is enabled , no effect . 
  here 's a screenshot of all of it http://i.imgur.com/p8ftfl7.png, 
  the only code is,
