  ares did n't need a nerf for the last six months . 
  most gods have cc immune ults + beads + aegis . 
  if you 're getting pulled with three different ways to get out , in addition to being out of position all the way across the map without team support , it 's your fault and no one else 's . 
  how the fuck is that racist ? 
   at level 5 a mage nuke turns into a slight tickle, 
  i do n't think mages need any more of a buff with the current oneshot burst meta . 
  thankfully , the shell works both ways . 
  just get someone on your team to grab it and they can hardly do anything to you either . 
  this analogy is so awful you should feel bad . 
   germans and europeans in general are told from kindergarten on that all people and cultures are equal and that you are racist and xenophobe if you ever question this . 
  europeans ? 
  gon na have to elaborate on what you meant there , mate . 
  europe is a pretty big place . 
   history has traditionally downplayed the role of women , it 's nice to try to correct this . 
  also , joan of arc . 
  what other famous female generals and army leaders can you name ? 
  i 'm interested . 
  steam achievement manager . 
  yeah , quite simple . 
  all you have to do is chain cc her until she 's dead , what 's wrong with people ? 
  why do we need more u.s. based skins ? 
  what is this subreddit 's obsession with making skins that have absolutely no relevance to the god , their lore , or the game itself ? 
   because if all the skins were lore-friendly , they would be pretty bland and not exciting . 
  wrong . 
  there 's plenty of lore-friendly skins that can be made with a bit of research into various mythologies , although i suppose making pop-culture reference skins is more profitable and easier for teenagers to relate to . 
   to each his own , man . 
  i hate the kawaii skins , personally , but i accept that they exist and shake my head and move on . 
  there 's a difference between a cringeworthy `` kawaii '' skin obviously made to appeal to the weeaboo crowd and an even more cringeworthy ra/zeus skin made specifically for people who want to be ironically funny . 
   if you have some issue with the us , well fuck off man . 
  great argument , fuck you and your country as well , i guess . 
  / r/murica is that-a-way if you 'd like a relatable circlejerk . 
   would you like a `` insert your country here '' skin ? 
  since you seem to lack basic reading comprehension skills , i 'll repeat that i would like skins that are role friendly and if not , at least do n't make me cringe every time i hear their voice pack . 
  i have no doubt that you like them , though , maybe they should implement more like those to appeal to your kind of crowd ? 
  i guess the last thousand years of history are n't your strongest point , are they ? 
   socialism is a failure along with communism, 
  oh god , i now understand why i felt like half of this subreddit is uneducated . 
  spaniards and europeans are white . 
   finnland wants to be mongol, 
  but they already are . 
  i actually really really like this kit . 
  sounds very interesting !, 
  hope hirez is paying attention . 
   i was hoping amaterasu would have been a guardian :(, 
  releasing a new weeb pantheon with the first god being a guardian would be suicide . 
  lore-wise , it does n't make any sense for her to be a warrior , but they had to release a katana wielding samurai bullshit of some sort to make people buy and play her . 
  i agree . 
  sadly , money comes first . 
  i agree . 
  she 's a warrior that constantly moves faster than any other god in the game , has one of the longest dashes , does insane damage with all of her abilities , and is tanky on top of everything else . 
  the shinto pantheon was added because of the large demand from the weeb population we have . 
  i feel your pain , but i doubt they 'll be adding them any time soon simply because it 's not profitable . 
  number 4 deserved to be number 1 , amazing team coordination !, 
  cry about it . 
   a more civilized and technologically advanced country, 
  the sheer amount of arrogance and lack of general knowledge in this post is disgusting . 
   i do n't remember the soviet union being a civilized and technologically advanced country back in the 1940s, 
  american education ? 
  your username is proving pretty accurate so far . 
  done both !, 
  i even moved to installer to % appdata % and it 's still giving me the same error . 
  i do n't suppose there 's a way to force it to install/extract somewhere else ? 
  i 'm running windows 7 ultimate x64 . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i might do the same . 
  a bunch of my friends use discord and i hate having to drag them into teamspeak whenever we play a game . 
  sadly , the browser app does n't seem to transmit my microphone at all , making it effectively useless . 
  what 's wrong with adblock ? 
  i was looking for a serious response , not sure why you 'd bother replying with this . 
  thank you . 
  there does n't seem to be any difference , though . 
  do n't really see a reason to change . 
  i did n't find it funny , sorry . 
  i 've read the article someone else posted above , and there does n't seem to be any difference whatsoever . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  american education at its finest . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say , is her voice pack bad ? 
  the quality ? 
  the voice lines ? 
  they both seem to do the same thing , and i think any performance difference is negligible as i have 16gb of ram . 
  maybe if i was still on xp , but i do n't really think it 's worth it . 
   better coded , less resource using app, 
  do you work on the application ? 
  i find it very odd that you keep insisting that it 's somehow better when the article i read above says they 're pretty much the same , is this the reddit hivemind shitposting in action ? 
   ... he had no concern for a fellow human being crashing a vehicle ... 
  please do n't act like you would have done anything different . 
  of course you would , my dear internet hero . 
   but you could trace all humans back to africa, 
  how so ? 
  please do n't make them raise the price on it . 
  that nemesis skin was great . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it also has a painfully cringy voice pack . 
  do you actually like it ? 
  i can understand liking the aesthetics , but i sincerely doubt that anyone actually listened to `` i hope senpai notices me '' with that awful fake accent and did n't cringe in their seat . 
  then they should n't complain about having to play casuals to climb up , will they ? 
  what of is this belgium you speak of ? 
  not country , is it ? 
   25 gods is n't hard to master , but it 's a timesink . 
  good , it should be .
