  coupled with the fact it 's an old photo of someone in a helmet with a fairly androgynous face , you ca n't reasonably blame me for it , sorry . 
  i highly recommend you try some other games , make sure you 're getting 120 + fps ingame and that your monitor is set to 120hz , the difference is like night and day . 
  i remember florry saying that in that event whether your heir lives or dies is already predetermined before you even click on either of the options , meaning you should always pray for him . 
  i still remember reloading the game half a dozen times to save my 6/6/5 heir . 
  have you read his post , or are you just in a hurry to bitch about the community for doing x or y ? 
  you 're trying to argue with american teenagets about geopolitics . 
  the same kids that swear to their flag every single time they go to school , trust me , you 're not getting anywhere . 
  ah , sorry , not falling for your bait . 
  from past experience , i 've found that arguing with nationalists that force their children to swear to a flag every day is like talking to a brick wall , except the wall seems to think it 's always in the right to a nearly fanatic level . 
  have a nice day !, 
  you have to give them credit for somehow managing to pull 60 fps out of outdated hardware . 
  i have n't seen any console gameplay yet , but i 'm curious if the game looks worse than before . 
   susanoo should come before the guardian if anything, 
  why 's that ? 
  ah okay , fair enough . 
  i 'm fine with either one , as long as we stop getting hunters every month . 
  excellent argument , friend . 
  same !, 
  looks great , much more appealing than something like # 1 . 
  solo lane in a nutshell , really . 
  i hope they 're working on giving them less farm , because it 's no farm when you 're getting destroyed by someone 6 levels above you . 
  you seem like a nice guy . 
   race is a social construct, 
  oh god . 
  i heartily invite you to read up on colonization in 16th/17th century before you post anything else . 
   stopped people fighting a lot of the time, 
  yes , that is the purpose of it . 
  not at all if you take religious ideas , which is kind of mandatory for muscovy . 
  you will be able to convert as fast as you expand , making you blob out even harder . 
   2 dollars ( or whatever they call the money ), 
  oh god . 
  humanist would definitely be a bad choice . 
  you 'd think it would be great on russia , but if you take religious ideas , they will , combined with being orthodox , completely negate any unrest you get from newly conquered muslim territories , making humanist irrelevant . 
  while i have n't tested it with permanent claims , i remember that canceling the steppes mission also wipes out any claims i previously fabricated . 
  might be worth testing before you commit to anything . 
  exactly , which is why you 'd keep an army there to quell the inevitable uprisings that come with newly conquered territories . 
  but once you convert the province , which wo n't take long because you went religious , you 'll never have to take a look at it again . 
  holy shit . 
  i ca n't give you gold so have this [ amazing picture of ymir 's new ult ] ( https://i.imgur.com/or5qyqh.jpg ) i made . 
  we already have ramerica and that zeus skin , neither of which fit in the game at all . 
  we do n't need more . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're twelve , but i do n't think i 'd want to wear that anywhere , and especially not to work . 
  i think we get a dozen of these threads a month . 
  the answer is always going to be that there 's simply going to be a lack of supports , as no one wants to play support . 
  so you 'd get 8 people waiting for 2 supports for 10-15 minutes , while any support would get an instant queue . 
  t-shirts are worn only by someone who works in a field ? 
  where do you live ? 
  thought it was another post about queuing with roles , the way you wrote the title confused me . 
  my bad . 
  i did . 
  it said `` like , seriously , how is this not a thing yet ; - ; '' . 
  maybe you should read the body instead ? 
  fucking clown . 
  hungry * the post itself is also broken . 
  and people wonder why russians do n't like talking in english after shit like this . 
  i 'm not russian , but thanks ? 
  go back to school . 
  if you do n't want to see the chat , then just close it . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  you can redeem the code ingame as well - not only on the website . 
  just got the agni vp from mine , sad times . 
  are you sure you put it in correctly ? 
  it was sp1691b7b03d60427 i think a lot of people put a 0 instead of d , it was in a weird font . 
  worked for me . 
  it was only valid for 3 minutes , there was a timer on the screen . 
  good luck getting the next one . 
  we 're currently around 8 chests and 2 skins behind , i think ? 
  i 've been watching for hours , and it 's about to be midnight . 
  if they do n't give them out i 'll be extremely disappointed . 
   hirezkaostic : i appreciate that the vast majority of you watching have been really fantastic this stream , and i ca n't thank everyone enough that has donated to make this $ 60,000 up . 
  it 's unfortunate that we could n't get the skins/chests out , but for all those that donated , your in-game benefits will be awarded over the next few days ( there 's alot ! ) . 
  this is some incredibly pathetic damage control if i 've ever seen some and i think i 'll refrain from buying any more gems because of this . 
  i stayed up until midnight when i have work tomorrow to get the agni/tyr skins because i do n't have any friends willing to start playing smite , then you do something like this , fucking up the vast , vast majority of your eu viewerbase . 
  not that i dislike allied in the slightest , i actually loved the guy 's casting and wish him the best . 
  some parts of the stream were fun to watch , but seeing moderators in smitegame chat desperately trying to do damage control after literally having goals on the screen during the entire stream comes off as pretty sad and insulting . 
  very , very poorly done , and a huge slap in the face of the community . 
  it looks like they 're letting the fanbase do the damage control for now , though i 'm expecting an official response soon . 
  excellent argument , friend , do you have anything else to add ? 
  i would have expected a trolly comment like this from twitch chat , but seeing you post it here is just cringey . 
  says something about the age of the playerbase . 
  right ? 
  i do n't really care about the chests , all i was hyped up about were the skins . 
  i 'm assuming it was the severe issues with the servers seeing as how their website could n't keep up at the beginning of the stream . 
  ca n't really think up of any other reason , and i certainly was n't expecting them to simply end the stream like that . 
  i heartily recommend reading my post again , since you seem to have trouble with reading comprehension . 
  the problem , as i see it , is that they had goals and rewards right up on the screen , yet somehow the rabid fanbase is trying to make it look like people are entitled for asking for the codes . 
  it 's pretty baffling to see . 
  like the numerous other posts said , we literally had donation incentives and goals right up on the screen during the entire stream . 
  i honestly would n't even be frustrated about this if the stream was in the middle of the day , but i did stay up until midnight for it . 
  pretty frustrating . 
  pretty sure you 're trolling at this point , there is no way someone would be this dense unless it was being done on purpose . 
  if so , you 're screwing up the rest of your viewerbase because of a vocal minority of teenagers in * twitch chat * of all places . 
  knowing the lack of professionalism we usually see from hirez , i would n't be surprised . 
  if you donated $ 10 today and put your platform/username , they said they 'll be sending out codes over the next couple of days , so you should be safe !, 
  i 'm thinking this is the issue as well !, 
  i ca n't think of any other reason they 'd straight up cancel everything and stay silent . 
  hope we still have a chance to get the skins though . 
  you 're going to punish twitch chat for acting like twitch chat has ever since justin.tv became a thing ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm interested in how you plan on doing it .
