  local_manpower_accessible_non_core_factor = 0.30, 
  and 0.30 was only change from 0.02 . 
  it worked !, 
  thanks a ton , you 've really helped me out . 
  shame about only coop , but i can understand why , pc would have a 98 % win rate . 
  because an airline company 's employees in a single country are on strike ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  the clausewitz engine is well know for being absolute trash on multi-core cpus . 
  you 'll get 90-100 % usage on your cpu core 3 and 40-50 % ish on the rest . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  could n't redeem the code on it , had to do it in game . 
  my guess is that they probably fucked something up again and ended up giving some people multiple redeems . 
   egr will rollover panthera in the same was in the first game, 
  i 'm glad na is as delusional as always . 
  you 're using twitch emojis on reddit . 
  stop posting . 
  brazil is portugese . 
  the rest of south america is spanish . 
  must be dreamhack 's fault , that 's why i 'm watching a dreamhack cs : go stream with 60k viewers going off without a hitch while hirez struggles to keep their 10k viewer stream going . 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  there 's a 60k viewer cs : go stream going on right now and it has n't had any issues . 
  must be some serious venue-wide infrastructure issues if only smite is affected . 
  i 'm guessing he 's referring to the 2 + hour pause we 've been sitting through . 
  that scylla quadra kill was absolutely beautiful . 
  six times in a row . 
  a friend supposedly got 800 gems , but he 's probably full of shit . 
  panthera is eu . 
  shame about that . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , is panthera not a european team ? 
  since they 're world champions , and it 's pretty obvious they 're going to win dh , does n't that make europe better than na ? 
  waiting for you to move the goalposts again . 
  we can thank mad for not needing to worry about that . 
  he literally just said he wants to play iron man so he could play the game without cheating . 
  what you just did is you gave him a way to cheat in ironman . 
  went to buy some skins , but do n't think it 's active yet . 
  pretty weird . 
  sale still is n't on . 
  ranked is still closed . 
  chat/login servers just went down during my game and booted half of players out , then disconnected me after the game . 
  standard saturday for hirez , really . 
  do you know what the average age of members is ? 
  i 've been in a few clans before , but quickly left since the majority seemed to be below 18 , and could n't stop screaming their heads off in voice chat . 
  so it turns out that the ai in this game is not the greatest , assigning precisely 0 airplanes to the uk mainland and surrounding sea zones . 
  i rushed fascism , built up a strong army and then sent a small invasion force to the ( barely protected ) british isles . 
  the ai seemed to go into panic mode a bit after i conquered the entire northern half of its island and started rushing divisions back home , but still assigned no airplanes , giving me complete control of the air with the 100 superior irish great war airplanes . 
  the end result :, 
  - b\u0336r\u0336i\u0336t\u0336i\u0336s\u0336h\u0336 celtic isles are now a part of the glorious celtic empire . 
  - the entirety of india is an irish puppet, 
  - uk and all of its overseas territories are now a loyal puppet, 
  it was a really fun game overall - even if it only took a few hours . 
  rush the fascist part of the focus tree . 
  it gives you a lot of manpower . 
  i remember combat blink working just fine throughout s2 . 
  the long cd made it a bad choice for initiatiors , but good for squishies . 
  more lovecraftian skins ? 
  i 'm all for it !, 
  would definitely buy it , a fantastic concept . 
  the fact that you actually believe what he wrote , and then you think i 'm russian just because i 'm pointing out how ludicrously inaccurate what he 's saying is tells me a lot about you . 
  for any other brave wehraboos or teenage american college students who are here to enlighten us on ww2 history , i would dearly encourage you to step out of your safe zones and read up on what actually happened . 
   there 's equal possibility for a second season . 
  that 's what they always say . 
  i do n't want to feel this pain again . 
   so yes , you will need to stay in duo a bit longer to help the adc . 
  no , you wo n't . 
  if your adc is so incompetent he needs you to babysit him while the enemy support is killing your mid and stealing your jungle , he 's a bad adc . 
  apologies , just woke up after a night shift . 
  if the other support is staying in the lane , even better . 
  you are free to roam and start making plays in mid and stealing their solo side jungle , as well as securing both mid-harpies which should be incredibly easy with a man advantage . 
  your adc will also stay ahead as long as he plays safe inside the tower , as the enemy adc will fall behind rapidly because he 's sharing the gold and xp from waves with his support . 
  when the duo boars come up , support and jungle/mid will rotate to secure them with the adc , before going back . 
  as long as you call solo first , there 's really no reason for anyone else to pick her . 
  unless you 're below level 30 , or silver or below in ranked , this should never happen to you . 
  what region do you play in ? 
  you are a fucking lifesaver , i love you . 
  thanks for responding . 
  unfortunately , i 've already seen that page and it did n't help . 
  thankfully , i 've managed to find the solution in the comments , linking to this thread :, 
  i really should n't have to do this , but it worked out in the end . 
  welcome to mobas , that 's what they 're about . 
  unlike braindead modes like arena , which is pretty unique to smite , mobas have an incredibly high skill ceiling which does include efficent farming . 
  if you think spl is boring , i wonder what you 'd think about dota 2 and lol professional matches . 
  condescending ? 
  probably a little bit . 
  it grinds my gears when people come into smite , spend 500 hours playing arena then complain how farming and winning lanes is boring in a moba . 
  tannu who ? 
  it might open new ... horizons to him ? 
  killing minions makes it complicated ? 
  is this what arena has come to ? 
  no wonder loki mains with 3000 arena games do n't know how to clear buffs in my ranked games . 
  no one posted about amaterasu yet ? 
  pisses me off to no end . 
   strangely enough i 've seen loki players pay more attention to minions than hunters/mages . 
  placing your decoy on a wave to instaclear it requires no effort or skill . 
  much like playing loki . 
   no , it is what arena has always been . 
  it 's just that people who rarely if ever play arena come into the game mode and think `` i 'll just try out new gods '' and that it 's `` just team deathmatch '', 
  because that 's exactly what it is , a team deathmatch . 
  you 're playing a game where a single hunter , mage , or even a warrior can instaclear a wave with one ability or 3 basics . 
  feel free to pretend arena requires any skill or game knowledge , but in the end it boils down to constant teamfighting with occasional breaks to get buffs while parts of your team spend five seconds rotating to base and back to pick up their items . 
  when i 'm learning the mechanics of a new god , of course i 'm going to play him in the most braindead , mechanically focused gamemode instead of conquest , where i 'd drag the entire team down if i lose my lane because i 'm not entirely comfortable with the mechanics of a new god .
