  they just did . 
  laughing my fucking ass off at how blatant the brigading is . 
  oh tito who art in heaven ... 
  can you imagine going down as the first human to go to space ? 
  heck , i 'd do the same . 
  beautiful , just like the wall will be !, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't sony make an absolute metric shitton of money just from selling insurance in japan ? 
  i 'm finding it hard to believe the gaming market is bringing in profits comparable to that . 
  ouch . 
  i heartily encourage you to read up on equality of sexes in socialism and communism . 
  this is a spicy post , i like it . 
  might still be new at the game , or just playing on very hard . 
  still not sure why you 're getting downvoted for that . 
   i grew up in a pretty toxic and sexist russian community, 
  i grew up in yugoslavia , rather famous for its market socialism . 
  while i ca n't speak for heavily communist countries like russia , i can say that we had no such problems here . 
  are you actually mentally ill just like the people you 're describing ? 
   i 'm trying to complete without looking at wikis and such, 
  why would you do this, 
  nice job !, 
  try doing it faster next time - if you do it right you can own all of british isles in 20-30 years , and then replace gb with mighty irish colonies . 
  ruh-roh , he said it !, 
  expect to see this comment chain deleted in < 2 hours . 
  [ 4:00 ] ( https://youtu.be/wlyo66jqoca?t=240 ), 
   a functioning household . 
  something they never had . 
  that 's why it triggers them . 
  stop holding m1 while it 's active . 
  there you go , your problem is solved . 
   `` snitched '' is the wrong word . 
  snitched is , in fact , the correct word here . 
  ruh-roh , should n't have said that !, 
  i was playing it with my german friend and he started uncontrollably laughing when he saw black germans for the first time , it was incredible . 
  also , no russia ? 
  it is absolutely ridiculous that the largest front in ww1 and ww2 was reduced to a dlc , and do n't even get me started on france ( the entire western front ) being dlc as well . 
  there 's a very good reason i got a refund for this . 
  in your haste to type up this comment so you could appear smart on the internet , you did n't actually read his post . 
  do n't smurf . 
  you 're ruining the game both for people just starting out , and yourself . 
  either play together with friends who will help you out , or say you 're new to the gamemode at the start . 
  if someone bms you , mute them and go on with your life like a normal person . 
  they also said me3 would n't have a rgb ending . 
   historically koeningsberg makes more sense, 
  it 's called kaliningrad now , and will never be german again . 
  i think it 's safe to say the new name is permanent . 
  not him , but i 'm from serbia and i do it for free !, 
  close enough ? 
  thanks for giving me an amusing wednesday morning , i could n't stop giggling over my coffee while reading this thread . 
  you did n't , he 's just an idiot . 
  athena is fine , the reason people are n't playing her is because they do n't see the spl players doing it and blindly follow without understanding that they wo n't have to play against adapting and raffer in their casual games . 
  this applies to a lot of gods , and i wish it would stop . 
  wtf i love beli ( luk ) now, 
  but i thought evil drumpf was only supported by a loud minority of sexist racist mysoginist hillbilly white trash . 
  do you mean he actually won the election because people ... voted for him ? 
  and not just uneducated sister-fucking retards ? 
  that 's impossible - if he was a fascist then no way he would win by such a huge margin in electoral votes !, 
  did cnn lie to me when they said he would literally gas the jews and gays ? 
  not op , but someone who has done it 5-6 times before . 
  my general strategy was to ally the mamluks as soon as i can and declare on the ottomans - while they 're busy beating each other up i siege down the balkans and peace out as soon as i have whatever i want . 
  you will have to play on normal though , since you get the -20 malus to alliances on hard . 
  i agree that hoi4 is much more beginner friendly than eu4 , but it should n't be too hard for him to learn it if he watches a few tutorials on youtube . 
  explanation : i won a game of arena and ( presumably ) got 13 worshipers for winning . 
  this should have been multiplied by 3 , resulting in 39 worshippers , yet i only got 29 . 
  in the meantime , the worshiper bar is informing me about 13 +21 which means i should have gotten 34 . 
  is there some sort of a glitch or am i calculating this wrong ? 
  kupovao sam sa amazon.com , . uk i . ca . 
  8 worshipers for an 18 minute arena match that ended up in a win ? 
  i 've been getting more during the 2x event , something 's fishy here . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  because i was getting around 40 worshipers in arena last week during the 2x event with a team booster on top . 
  edit : this was 3x , so the total worshiper number could be correct , but it still does n't explain the screwed up numbers at the bottom . 
  weird . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  that disgusting fucking white moonshine-chucking , horse-fucking , funny-accent part of population can go fuck themselves . 
  their opinion does n't matter , and they should n't be allowed into cities . 
  in addition , we , the people of california should declare independence and invite all the mexicans in the world into our country so we can be even more diverse . 
  you 're right , my black friend . 
  fuck drumpf and fuck white people . 
  i 've been visiting this sub for the past year and a half , and i 'm pointing out how stupid you people are starting to sound . 
  if you think i 'm trolling while you actually believe what i write is okay , you 're part of the problem . 
  muh wooden wall of britannia . 
  better than having * a fucking leaf * . 
  this kills ranked 's already abysmal player base . 
  no one is going to bother mastering 60 gods just to play ranked . 
  my tendies are * literally * shaking right now !, 
  1453 worst year of my life, 
  much like the rest of europe and large parts of the world , it 's one vote . 
  if no one gets over 50 % of it , a second round takes place 2 weeks later and people vote for the two most successful candidates . 
  wtf i love beli now . 
  oh my fuck i just remembered that guy rip stanry roo, 
  end of rine, 
  i 'm glad the ninja theme did n't get picked . 
  let them stay in their own meme anime pantheon . 
  going on 5 months since the landslide victory and they 're still pretending its not true . 
  adorable . 
  no they could n't have , what are you talking about ? 
  there was no cost benefit analysis needed to see how much of a fuckup invading a sovereign country and a russian ally to defend your mass murdering terrorist project and saudi interests . 
  who are you quoting ? 
  the fire rises !, 
  spezz intensifies *,
