  the way i see it , anyone in the u.s. can vote fifty times in a state like california and nothing is stopping them from doing so . 
  it 's embarrassing and even funny that you people actually thing something like that is fine . 
  are you serious ? 
  every developed democratic country i know of requires you to produce an id before you can vote . 
  there is absolutely no way this is not a troll post . 
   one of the most consistently interesting playthroughs in the game, 
  how so ? 
  what i see people do is eat poland , eat scandinavia , maybe eat some of hre and russia , form prussia and that 's about it . 
  the landscape of eastern europe is boring , flat and sparsely developed , with the exception of some provinces along the baltic coast that can support your armies . 
  fighting muscovy/russia is always going to be boring and a pain on your manpower even if only due to attrition no matter how well trained your units are . 
  there is nothing historically interesting you can do aside from taking historic prussian lands and maybe forming germany , which seems to be what the vast majority of this sub does dozens of times a month as evidenced by all the brandenburg/prussia/germany posts that hit the front page every day . 
  i 'm still not sure if that 's because there are a lot of germans in this sub , or just americans picking it up because their oppa was german or something along those lines . 
  it 's the same case with hoi iv , weirds me out . 
  i encourage you to read up on bosnia if you actually think what you just wrote . 
  do n't most people do this ? 
  if i really have to get somewhere in a hurry , i use a carriage to the city , but fast travelling everywhere makes no sense . 
  do n't feel bad about calling them what they are . 
  seeing posts like this while 80 % of this board plays brandenburg and brandenburg only several dozen times a month is completely normal , just look at the front page any day of the week . 
  tolerant leftists sure are proving themselves tolerant and loving today . 
  i wonder if they can keep it up for 8 years ? 
  i encourage you to look at the entire middle east . 
   the two suspects are bashir al-taweed and hassan matti , syrians who entered canada as refugees last week . 
  reports that they started to fire , and they yellled , ` allahu akbar ! ', 
  there goes your entire theory , buddy . 
  i wonder how trudeau will desperately try to spin this , it 'll be interesting . 
  holy shit , that escalated quickly . 
  tolerant left as funny as ever . 
  afternoons and evenings on weekdays , free most of the time on weekends . 
   solo and jungle are the only real starts that matter, 
  jesus christ this subreddit . 
  i 've got something even better, 
  wtf i hate the government now, 
  wtf i hate airports now, 
  and this is why you lost , and this is why you 'll have 8 years . 
   trump is getting impeached, 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm assuming this is the first time in your life you got involved in politics , it certainly looks like that from what you just posted . 
   you 're a real piece of shit if you voted for trump, 
  i 'm serbian , actually , so i did n't . 
  however , i did get three of my american friends who did n't plan to vote to vote for him , so i 'm happy i did my part !, 
  tolerant left calling people names , setting things on fire and rioting and then turning around and complaining about fascism . 
  you 're pathetic . 
  either testing the waters to see how back the backlash is ( i never visited it , i do n't know how many subs they have ) or they feel the need to show off they are doing * something * against the ebil racist sexist mysoginist literal animals . 
  either way spaz better not touch td or he 'll fuck up the rest of reddit for months to come . 
  welcome to european multiplayer smite !, 
  if you thought russians in dota were bad , then prepare to be unpleasantly surprised by an even more cancerous group of people . 
  i got booted out of a server twice after both teams had heavy lag in the first five minutes with no warning message or anything . 
  been playing for 2 + years never had this happen , the servers are really going down the shitter . 
  if you 're save scumming in ironman then why bother playing ironman at all ? 
  it wo n't , you can simply leave . 
  this is the second time it happened to me in the middle of a ranked lobby , if you leave you do n't get deserter . 
  servers went down again , i got the same problem you did two times today . 
  if you leave you do n't get a loss or a deserter , so it 's just a matter of waiting for them to fix their servers again . 
  may as well open up the console and enforce white peace as soon as they declare at that point , since you 're cheating anyway . 
  please stop putting american skins in the game . 
  because we already have like 5 of them . 
  fuck off with your nationalistic shit . 
  it 's a shitty african/asian country so yes , it does . 
  make that spanish . 
  i can count the number of russians ruining my games on one hand while i 'd need a calculator to explain how many times i 've been bmed or insulted by spaniards . 
  quality discussion from the teenaged playerbase as always . 
  your entire post history reeks of the underaged milennial generation that grew up on facebook and twitch , never getting out of the house . 
  if you want me to take you seriously , contribute something to the discussion instead of pretending shitposting is funny . 
   im just wondering what you did now ... 
  he 's not in ironman , that 's what . 
  hey , it 's your game , your rules . 
  no one should be calling out the way you play , especially not ironman players who savescum just as much as normal players . 
  i was just pointing out that the achievement button was disabled so it 's very likely at least some savescumming was involved . 
  it 's all in the screenshots already . 
  the league war is already over , the protestants won . 
  enemy at the gates is an awful movie that has very little with reality , one of the many reasons its butchered on / r/askhistorians every time someone mentions it . 
  shareblue recently got 40 + million dollars in their budget to do stuff like this , its why you will see anti-trump content on literally every subreddit aside from t_d . 
  coupled with the fact that one of the worldnews mods is a muslim known for censoring anything that shows islam in a bad light , you have a pretty pathetic subreddit . 
  it 's called asia minor coast , really . 
  all of fine, 
  ignoring into beheadings please, 
  is into custom yes, 
  culture, 
  najbolje mi je bilo sa amazon.com i to sa [ ovim dodatkom ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/does-amazon-ship-to/gpnamfpkffldfnlkofbbebcndfdkclpc?hl=en ) za chrome . 
   your game crashes, 
  may as well open up the console tag switch to burgundy and get their king in battle if you 're going to cheat . 
  white wine ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  democracy checks out !, 
  that sounds incredibly racist , is this kind of stuff normal in america ? 
  probably started , it 's ridiculously easy to beat the ottomans as byzantium right now . 
   one turn, 
  what ? 
  oh no , i understand that , i was just confused by `` turn '' . 
  in my byzantium game they declared independence a few years before i enforced a pu on austria who held the lowlands at the time . 
  then they allied france and russia , it 's painful . 
   both turks and french are caucasians, 
  am i missing something here ? 
  france is in west europe , nowhere near the caucuses . 
  oh i see , i did n't know people actually used that as a term . 
  turks are basically arabs anyway , so it still does n't make sense . 
  very odd , i 've heard of the term but never thought anyone actually uses it . 
  we came to fight in the army of christ, 
  armed with a fistful of steel, 
  khepri ult now has the range of a serqet ult .
