  my time is now . 
  do n't you dare interrupt the prussia/germany circlejerk we get every two threads . 
  considering they were heavily pushing to start it , i doubt it, 
  if you 're rating your gods by watching smite.guru , you need to play more . 
  sylvanus is fine . 
  the problem is that you have supports like athena/khepri that are simply better , which is why he is n't picked much . 
  again , if you blindly follow tier lists and look at smite guru without actually playing the game , you 're not going to get any better . 
  this is not spl , you 're either playing casual or ranked . 
  i 'm in diamond iii and doing fine , winning most of my games with him . 
  it 's also the capital of latvia . 
  you either have severe problems with reading comprehension , or you 're trolling . 
  whichever it is , not my problem anymore . 
   a thana and his hacker friend aphrodite, 
  of course it 's an aphrodite . 
  it 's always either an aphrodite or a kali , never seen anyone else speedhacking . 
  really odd . 
  i sincerely hope trash like this never gets added to the game for obvious reasons . 
  if you played ares , you 'd know his ultimate instantaneously tags people and the only thing they can do is activate a cc immune ability/relic . 
  with xing , you can literally walk out as ymir . 
  i do n't think even hirez would do something so stupid . 
  i 'm happy with this , bought the steampunk skin a while ago and its vp is great . 
  why are you apologizing for hirez ? 
  what do you gain from that ? 
  bought her steampunk skin a while ago , happy with this . 
  let me rephrase , why are you defending hirez and attacking people for expecting to receive milestones they donated for a week ago ? 
  i can understand if it 's your first time in twitch chat , but you look really really silly . 
  nice !, 
  that 's a fantastic skin . 
  you should save the rest for tuesday !, 
  there 's going to be a change for uncrating percentages , with a higher chance of skins . 
  you 're thinking of poolseidon/archon . 
  agni was the $ 25k milestone , while tyr was the $ 50k milestone . 
  better make sure you stay on the stream . 
  10:30 pm here , wish they started at 7 instead of 9 . 
  i think i 'll hold off on these chests until tuesday . 
  do n't want to get 8 more ward skins . 
   serbia is on the road to becoming part of the european union, 
  oh , my sweet summer child . 
  the last game is starting at 12:30 am ? 
  guess i 'll be missing the last few chests and the tyr skin because i have work at 8 . 
  hirez seems to be pretty consistent at dicking their eu viewers . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  fair enough , did n't consider that !, 
  i agree it would have been better to have it on a weekend . 
  how did you manage that ? 
  whenever a code is on the screen , the casters inform you , and the twitch chat starts spamming the code for easy copy paste . 
  delete this . 
  what the hell ? 
  are they going to ban people for this ? 
  if so , how are they going to ban thousands who are presumably doing this right now ? 
  huh . 
  yeah , banning would result in a pretty huge disaster . 
  i only tried it twice , will hold off just in case . 
   paying hi-rez for the privilege of using insert item name here . 
  is this in the tos ? 
  can you link me ? 
   perhaps the problem here is your country is shit and trump is shit and also you 're shit ? 
  holy shit , swiss bringing the bantz . 
  no , let 's not . 
  there 's already too much nationalistic shit with those two skins , i 'd like to keep it out of the game . 
  i 'm not sure either . 
  i 've never heard of him , is he in the spl ? 
  there 's a difference between `` japanese '' and weeaboo skins . 
  the one you named is definitely a weeaboo skin . 
  why is this even a thing ? 
  as far as i know , aside from xing 's vew . 
  no god outside of the japanese pantheon does this . 
  while i would n't normally have a problem with this , what bothers me is that the japanese pantheon is the only one who does it . 
  i would like to see roman pantheon gods have lines in latin , chinese gods to have lines in chinese , greek gods to have greek lines and so on . 
  off the top of my head i think bellona 's ult , xing 's vew and one of sol 's lines are in their respective languages . 
  any more ? 
  not to be rude , but people have to google who yuri gagarin is ? 
  this is common knowledge . 
  that is really , really odd . 
  i do n't know how it is in the us but it 's considered common knowledge here . 
  if you do n't want to play against specific gods , ban them before the game starts . 
  if there are more of them than you can ban , then duel is probably not the gamemode for you . 
  i do play duel , why would you assume i 'd be answering a thread without playing it ? 
  my previous answer is still completely correct , if you ca n't learn how to play against different gods , or how to play them yourself , then duel is not the gamemode for you and you should probably stay in arena or whatever reddit plays nowadays . 
  1453 worst year of my life . 
  a new god that is n't a hunter ? 
  a new god that does n't have an aoe pull , silence , dash , stun , heal , movement speed buff and a damage buff in their kit ? 
  sign me up . 
  neither of those are vikings ? 
  freya is the queen of valkyries , while odin is the allfather . 
  what gave you the idea they 're vikings ? 
  can you provide a source on this ? 
  while i 've heard weak3n is a decent main caller , his performance in the spl has been extremely questionable even before he got kicked out of envy . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  neither odin or freya are vikings , why do we need viking skins ? 
  i do n't know what i hate more , weeaboos who want more weebskins , or teenagers that watch vikings and game of thrones and want more le epic viking skins while completely ignoring the lore of the gods themselves . 
  they also [ lost the first battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cer ) after invading with a larger force . 
  the first aerial dogfight of ww1 also happened during the battle . 
  every day i come here expecting good discussion on the latest matches , only to be reminded that 80 % of this subreddit are teenagers like this guy . 
  to quote :, 
   eh , how about fuck you right , stop being such a sensitive pussy . 
  if you dont like the facts that you suck go take it up with someone else and get good . 
  just your regular na teenager spewing his toxicity in and outside of the game . 
   they have an abundance of human in china , thus making their humans cheeper than their beef . 
  i thought reddit could n't possibly sink any lower .
