  if you 're not playing ranked to get better at the game , then go play casual and do n't ruin the game for people who do . 
  is there something preventing you from doing that ? 
   it is the reason why most smurfs are made . 
  stop being a dick, 
  to stomp on new players ? 
  i started out at level 1 and queued with level 30 friends and did just fine , you 're the one being a dick to new players for no reason . 
  that sounds disgusting . 
  ... can someone give me his build ? 
  shoes of focus instead of shoes of the magi ? 
  interesting , would n't pen boots give you more damage , which is something you would really need as a khepri in solo ? 
  i 'll repeat what i said , is there something preventing you from playing in casual ? 
  do you have some sort of a need to play ranked instead ? 
  i 'm trying to understand what you mean , but it 's just not clicking for me . 
   it would be cool to have a fat goddess just for more variation, 
  goddesses in most pantheons are images of literal human perfection , see aphrodite , athena and nox . 
  i do n't think shoehorning in fat goddesses would make sense unless it 's true to the lore of that specific new goddess . 
  he 's not frothing at the mouth , he 's saying he dislikes it . 
  there 's a rather large difference . 
  i dislike it because it looks like baby shit . 
  hopefully this makes you feel better about your awful mod . 
  the vast majority of russian population is in europe , so i 'd hope so . 
   they knew exactly what they were going to cause . 
  serbian government planned the assassination ? 
   nearly all refugees from syria are women and children , so fuck off . 
  how odd , nearly all of them that pass through my country are young adults . 
  maybe i need to get my eyes checked . 
  that 's odd considering the soviet union was the country with the :, 
  - first satellite, 
  - first space station, 
  - first man in space, 
  - first man in open space, 
  - first woman in space, 
  - first animal in space, 
  - first robot on the moon, 
  and continues to be the only country to send cosmonauts into space today . 
  i 'm interested in hearing why you think the us won the space race . 
  after the annexation of bosnia , i 'm sure i 'd be angry if i was in their place too , though it does seem that the government did claim they warned them . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/july_crisis_ ) wikipedia article was an interesting read regarding the pre-ultimatum crisis . 
  considering the way austro-hungarian troops treated serbian civilians after the country was defeated , i 'm finding it pretty hard to sympathize with them in any way . 
   people in europe generally have a deeper sense of nationalism than we generally see in the states, 
  this is coming from a country where children literally have to pledge to their flag every morning in school ? 
  the same country that brainwashed children to do [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bellamy_salute ) ? 
  ah , sorry , i thought you were being serious and not posting low effort bait . 
  my bad , feel free to continue . 
  it 's gotten to the point where people are comparing what trump says to the holocaust . 
  are you really that desperate ? 
  i recommend playing outside of the hre while you 're still starting out . 
  an asian or indian nation might be more fun . 
   plus the real s the serbs killing the archduke, 
  bosnians , actually . 
  i heartily recommend reading up on the july crisis , and how overjoyed germans and austrians were when the ultimatum was declined . 
  what else is brazil known for , and why are you so angry about this ? 
  it 's a good thing brazilian is not a race , then . 
  so funny to see americans call out racism everywhere . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or just stupid , might be either depending if you 're an american getting triggered by the very word as you guys tend to do . 
  by its very definition , racist applies to race . 
  notice how the `` race '' part in `` rac `` ist . 
  explain to me in detail how brazilian is a race , then we can continue . 
  it 's not elitism when the game is designed around conquest . 
  it 's a moba game , the of course the secondary gamemodes wo n't be balanced . 
  it 's really hard to see what 's going on , surprised people use it . 
  i love british history . 
  who are they going to pay to fight for them this time ? 
  germans ? 
  i do n't live in the americas , but over here we have a choice between german , russian and italian with mandatory french or english classes depending on school 's choice . 
  since your closest neighbor 's language is spanish , does n't it make sense to have your kids learn it in school ? 
  or is it evenly split with french ? 
  because it 's an awful active in general , and having an additional heavenly/weakening will help out your team more than taking an active that does approximately as much damage as a single adc auto late game . 
  in what situation would you get it , and what makes it better than grabbing a different active ? 
  no one is picking it up , even in duel . 
  interesting name you have there , coupled with this post . 
  regarding your question - no , there 's nothing you can do about it , aside from setting your preferred region to na and possibly moving up in rank . 
  slightly unrelated , but from my experience spanish players are approximately ten times worse than russians . 
  at least the russian player will pick a role and try to play it , even if he does n't say anything . 
  the spaniard will pick a random god , then run around the map and spew toxic bm in spanish as well as `` jajajajajaj '' after every death . 
  rod of tahuti ? 
  doom orb ? 
  breastplate of valor ? 
  i 'd argue all of those are pretty mandatory . 
  excellent argument . 
  care to add something more ? 
  how so ? 
  every single mage i 've seen in my games picks up either the rod , the doom orb , or most often both . 
  breastplate of valor is a mandatory item for solo laners , as well as supports . 
   russia had already surrendered, 
  oh god , u.s. history education . 
  no , perhaps [ you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armistice_between_russia_and_the_central_powers ) should . 
  an armistice was signed because russia had a fucking civil war on her hands . 
  if you think an armistice counts as a surrender you 're a fucking idiot . 
  not sure why i did n't bother checking the wiki for something so simple . 
  thanks !, 
  around 400 years too late to be joan of arc . 
  excellent skin , though . 
  brazilian is not a language . 
  brazilian portugese is not a language either , do n't be an idiot . 
  why would hirez bother making skins for a national holiday of a small country ? 
   edit2 : fuck you, 
  holy shit why is this so funny . 
  ireland has less than 5 million people living in it . 
  i repeat my question , why should they bother ?
