  to be perfectly honest i 'm not sure if i believe all of that , however you did feel the need to defend yourself and write such a long post , which makes me incline to believe you , since somebody that would lie would n't have bothered to do that i think . 
   now that you have had your turn bashing me ( and other peoples applicants on here ) , it 's my turn : you 're really overreacting now , i did n't bash you at all . 
  i just thought your initial response was n't making much sense . 
   how can you possibly be impartial to my posts when you have yourself submitted an application ? 
  quite easily actually . 
  i 'm first and foremost an avid user of this sub , so who is a mod here concerns me a great deal , especially after the recent troubles . 
  just because i think i 'd be a good mod , does in no way cloud my ability to judge if others would also be good or bad moderators . 
   on three different occasions you put words in my mouth i was only surmising what it seemed it was you 're saying , because what you did say word for word did n't make much sense . 
   and throughout the process you were looking for anything to slam me on regardless of how ridiculous or trivial it may be . 
  oh my , what 's with the victim complex ? 
  first thing , the idea that i somehow went after you with some agenda is absurd , we 've never spoken before as such i have absolutely no reason just to pick on you if i did n't actually feel it was needed , and it 's my opinion that it was . 
  you simply came in from the black and asked to be made a mod because you supposedly read the sub daily . 
  maybe my questioning of that seemed like bashing to you , but i do n't think it is at all , nor do i think that 's a trivial issue . 
   i do n't think that you have had acceptable conduct in this thread , and i certainly believe that this is a red flag regarding a poster and gives me serious concerns as to whether you have the proper attitude to be a mod . 
  any response to this ? 
  absolutely . 
  i have been nothing but respectful to you and you 're either taking this way to personal or fake overreacting . 
  if this is the way you react to what i 'd describe as a mild questioning at worst , i can only imagine how you 'd react when there are metathreads on the front page that critique every action you make as mod . 
   this is by no means my first post here , and it 's actually fifth on my karma list when broken down by subreddit . 
  i 've checked again , in the last 2 months ( the maximum that reddit will let me see your comment history ) you 've made 2 posts here and both of them were one liners . 
   a while back i just got sick of participating in the actual discussions on here because ( as mentioned elsewhere ) the attitude/rhetoric against or regarding americans on here is at best uninviting , at worst repulsive . 
  and why do you think that would change ? 
   i did n't like participating in discussions knowing that my posts were not getting upvoted as much as they should be or having ridiculously unfair or hypocritical crap slung at my country and seeing it upvoted to the top of the discussions . 
  mods if anything get downvoted a lot more than normal users , so if you did n't like seeing that your posts do n't get upvoted , you 're in for a surprise when you 'll see random post go to -20 simply because you 're a mod . 
  you 'd be a mod that worries about karma , which to be honest worries me . 
  and what are you going to do about the `` hypocritical crap slung at my country and seeing it upvoted to the top of the discussions . '' ? 
  that 's not going to change , that 's still going to happen , you think you 're going to delete what you think are `` unfair '' descriptions of the usa ? 
   trust me when i say that i would post here a lot more if i had the opportunity to post in say a `` what happened in your country this week '' thread without risking getting hit with a downvote brigade because the userbase here does not want to include america in the discussion . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you would still get downvoted to hell , a lot more than you 'd be downvoted simply as a user . 
  i have no clue where you got this idea that if you 're a mod you 'd be protected from downvotes . 
   i think it would be a net benefit for the sub if an american user to keep that userbase from getting steamrolled . 
  i do n't know about that , the last american moderator we had also thought he knew better than the community and he 's now in the trash bin . 
   you made that mistake again where you used the wrong account . 
  i very much doubt that , seeing as i do n't have another account , this is my only one . 
  what exactly gives you the impression that i would n't want to post this from my main account even if i did have another ? 
   second time now if i recall correctly . 
  rofl , a `` second '' time , are n't you a little sherlock holmes . 
  just out of sheer curiosity , which post do you think is the `` first '' one ? 
  i 've checked your post history and from what i 've seen this is literally your first post on this subreddit and yet you want to be a moderator , how come ? 
  i find that behavior at best strange , at worst shady . 
  you 've showed no interest in this sub until there 's a moderator recruitment drive , does such a thing inspire trust in your view ? 
   he 's only 10 year old wait ... what ? 
  umm ... this ca n't possibly be good . 
  it 's been bothering you for years ? 
  this song is basically in every movie with russians , how could you not identify it by now ... 
   yes , i take a strong stance against brigading you were taking a strong stance against a topic you do n't like , do n't confuse the two . 
  your opinion on the matter is not a fact . 
  just because you believe something , it does n't make that something real . 
   am not afraid to make unpopular decisions it also looks like you 're not afraid to make bad decisions , which is my problem and also another reason why nobody should ever let you get close to being in charge of anything . 
   harsh but fair . 
  more like foolish and misguided . 
  are n't you the guy that asked the mods in a metathread to delete any and all immigration related content because you do n't like the topic ? 
  are n't you also the one that said we should completely ignore any and all immigration related content ? 
  you 're also the guy that does n't understand why / r/askhistorians can impose a strict moderation policy and why such a policy would simply not work on a general sub like / r/europe that 's based on news and opinions ? 
  honestly you would be a really bad choice for a moderator . 
  that 's a nice automaker you have there , would be a shame if something were to happen to it . 
  wonder how long it will be before merkel or one of her stooges threatens the czechs about this ... 
  that is a very sad photo , however i do n't believe public policies should be made based on which side can produce the most tear inducing photograph . 
  saying :  they were overzealous , and very sensitive to not pissing off the right wingers . 
  it 's not defending your point , it 's arrogance . 
  you always think you 're right and everybody else is wrong , regardless of the situation . 
  that is a terrible attitude for a moderator . 
  that 's because romanian and bulgarian people are white , ca n't be racist against white people so it 's ok to be against romanian and bulgarian immigrants . 
  earn from what jobs ? 
  the average unemployment rate in the eu is something like a bit over 9 % . 
  where are the jobs these immigrants are supposed to take ? 
  rofl , thanks for proving my point . 
  i knew i was right about you , i just did n't expect you 'd provide proof so quickly . 
  wow ... can there be a more perfect example of merkel 's incompetence ? 
  is she really that clueless that she thinks giving money to the banks is a popular idea ? 
  or that it was good for the tax payer to throw money away and so a repeat is required ? 
  what 's the source on that list ? 
  i bet i can make an even better list from memory . 
  i 've disagreed with you on quite a number of issue , however i think you 'd make a decent mod . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you 're a moderator of / r/circlebroke and / r/circlebroke2 which is basically srs by another name and you claim that you have no agenda ? 
  is that some kind of a joke ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking , at this point the problem as i see it is that the mods not only let their personal opinions influence their moderating decisions . 
  as such the people that hold opinions counter to the opinion of the mods get overmoderated and those that share it get almost no punishment when they brake the rules , because the mods agree with them . 
  perhaps we should look back a few weeks for a very famous example ... while the immigration megathread still existed a pro-immigration thread that by all rules should have been deleted was n't for the longest time , because the mods that were in charge of immigration threads deletions shared the opinions the article in question represented . 
  as such they did n't deleted the thread and only after a huge metathread was created that complained about the obvious double standard was the thread removed . 
  such double standards need to be eliminated , otherwise the mod team of this sub will never have the trust of the users . 
  by not letting my opinions and emotions get in the way of the moderating . 
  a powermod with an agenda that thinks the community he wants to moderate is wrong and that power abuse is the solution . 
  that 's some change we can believe in !, 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  well ... obviously . 
  i 'm strongly against you being a moderator . 
  you 're exactly what is wrong with the mod team currently , they are n't able to put aside their opinions when moderating and from what i 've read in your posts going back years you 'd be exactly the same . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  daily , at least 6-7 hours a day . 
  at least 60 hours a week . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  all the time , it 's my most active sub . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  romania . 
   do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  romanian as a native speaker and french as beginner .
