  there 's a very high chance we 'd end up like greece . 
  the ez needs to fix its shit and transform into an actual fiscal union before romania could actually join . 
   uk  eu really needs a constructive `` opposition '' . 
  choose one . 
  `` model girlfriend '' such a nice euphemism for escort . 
  no , it wo n't , because the stream as shown in that map has no chance of being built . 
  even in the best case scenario they 'll build it along side the blue stream pipeline and then along the coast towards greece . 
  the problem for gazprom with this is the same as with south stream , it will have to obey eu competition rules . 
   but it 's slowly getting better and has gotten a lot better so far has n't it ? 
  if you look on any economic map you 'll see that the difference between east and west germany is still very much alive , the only real exception being berlin . 
   also is n't moldova in proportion to romania lot smaller then eastern germany is to germany ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  the proportions are actually very similar . 
  well there was at least one poll that got posted on / r/europe that showed something like that . 
  although i do n't remember if it was on ukip voters or the entire british public . 
  i remember it had two questions , one about limits to immigration into britain and another about `` if british people should have the unlimited freedom to move and work in other eu countries . '', 
  needless to say that the results were as cognitively dissonant as you 'd expect . 
  not during the whole period . 
  it started in the early 80s , but it got really bad around 84-85 and kept on like that until the revolution in december 1989 . 
  everything you just said is bullshit . 
  putin has n't been under the power of the oligarchs for at least a decade , if anything the oligarchs are only able to hold onto their money and positions because putin allows them . 
  putin is n't afraid the oligarchs will turn on him , because he broke their power long ago . 
  what do you think sending mikhail khodorkovsky to jail was all about ? 
  it was about setting an example to the rest of the oligarchs , it was a message telling them you 're either loyal to me or i 'll put you in a dark hole for as long as i want . 
   only reason why putin stopped after donbass is probably internal power check . 
  it was anything but , if anything it was an external power check , since putin did n't expect as vigorous a reaction as he got from the west , along side the crashing oil prices . 
  it had nothing to do with internal pressures . 
   this is why biggest leverage currently are sanctions . 
  sanctions currently put on russia are not targeted in russia itself but in oligarchs . 
  putin even now is part of oligarch group . 
  really ? 
  how 's that been working out ? 
  reality is that at this point this is n't about money to putin , the idea that he 'll turn around due to economic sanctions , that are n't even that harsh to begin with , is naive . 
  just because you trade with somebody does not mean your goal is to encourage policy change in your trade partner . 
  which is exactly what this article is about . 
  western politicians in general and german ones especially thought they can perform significant political and ideological change in russia via trade and economic exchange . 
  that 's the wishful thinking , not the trade relations . 
  hell nazi germany and the ussr had significant trade relations right up to the german invasion of the ussr . 
  that does n't mean hitler was trying to get stalin to change his ideological positions . 
  putin did n't destroy any bridgehead since there was no bridgehead to begin with . 
  bringing russia into the west was nothing but wishful thinking on the part of the germans and a smoke screen from the russians . 
  russia is and has always been an imperialistic nation and there is nothing in the last 25 years to indicate that could change or even that russia wants that to change . 
  if there is one good thing to come out of this ukraine situation , it 's this , at least this myth of russian westernization has been permanently shattered and europe is better of for it . 
  it fits with my experience when driving in germany perfectly to be honest . 
  i have never been cut off more than in germany that at the end the only conclusion i came to is that germans simply do n't use their side mirrors and when changing lanes the blinking lights are only used when your car is already half way onto the other lane . 
  surprise !, 
  surprise !, 
  who could have for seen such a result ... oh wait !, 
  everybody that had eyes to see could have and in fact did !, 
  leaving the ez and defaulting on the troika loans is the only sane option and syriza should have done it already in february . 
  i was pretty disappointed that they choose to drag it out the way they did , but truthfully ... it was only a matter of time anyway . 
  sounds to me like he 's urging the us to turn russia into a nuclear wasteland for the next thousand years . 
   yes , but they do n't flee in the proportion of what happens here do n't be absurd !, 
  of all the taxes i pay , only 11 % of it gets spent on the city i live in . 
  that means that from 89 % of the taxes i pay i 'll probably never receive any benefit whatsoever , but i do n't go screaming in the streets that i want independence for my city . 
  catalonia is not unique or special in anyway , it just has a really big mouth . 
  lol is that a joke ? 
   i 've seen a couple of comments of yours which i had only seen written by intolerant spaniards before you mean comments about reality ? 
  yeah , reality is really fucking stupid . 
  comments against naivete and delusions are so intolerant . 
   are you by any chance actually spaniard ? 
  are you by any chance that fucking stupid ? 
   it 'd be stupid by the eu and france to veto the catalan entry in the eu over spain 's national pride . 
  there are many more things at play than just economics . 
  i can tell you point blank that romania would absolutely refuse to recognize any unilateral independence and as such block any attempt at joining the eu . 
  romania has yet to recognize kosovo , which is nowhere near as important of an issue and wo n't recognize it until such time that serbia does . 
   if we got independence france , and ultimately the eu , would get tired of spain 's shit . 
  no , they would n't . 
  they might not like it , but they 'll suck it up because they 've been dealing with spain for hundreds of years and they 're not going to fuck up that relationship over catalonia . 
   why ca n't we be switzerland or denmark ( i do n't even count norway because we do n't have them petromonies ) ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  firstly , denmark is in the eu . 
  secondly switzerland is quite a unique case study , but even if we go passed that the swiss bilateral trade agreements with the eu are not only singular and unlikely to be repeated , but also require spain 's acceptance to exist in the first place , just like eu accession . 
   realpolitik is a thing ? 
  yes , it is . 
   so anyway , your point being ? 
  that you 're a delusional guy that actually thinks the fantasy land in your head has any chance of becoming reality . 
  it depends on the position of the spanish government and how it wants to handle the problem . 
   do you think the eu wants borders between trading partners ? 
  you actually think the presence or lack of a border will `` force '' the eu to accept catalonia ? 
  you are out of your fucking mind . 
  the amount of wishful thinking is delusion in your posts . 
  neither brussels nor most of the eu members would go against madrid on this , nor could they force madrid even if they wanted to . 
  admission of new members requires the agreement of every single current member and there 's no legal way around it . 
   have you forgot why it came to exist in the first place ? 
  you 're blinded by nationalism to the fact that realpolitik reigns supreme . 
  the borderless europe is a nice idea , but it 's just an idea and gives way to real political interests . 
   they are currently all eu citizens , what will be their status should catalonia declare independence ? 
  the same thing that would have happened if the scottish referendum went through . 
  catalonians are only eu citizens only as long as they are spanish citizens , if catalonia becomes independent they lose that status . 
   they ca n't deny the will of the majority of the catalans in the case of victory what a naive perception , not only can and probably will spain block any catalonian attempt at joining the eu as an independent member , but almost none of the other eu members would side against spain on it . 
  catalonia ca n't and wo n't declare independence without madrid 's approval and they are nowhere near getting that . 
  this is just a story they are trying to sell to voters for the coming election . 
  you are right and probably wrong at the same time . 
  while it 's true that nokia sold its mobile division to microsoft and as part of the deal they agreed not to make a new smartphone division , that part of the deal is only temporary and it will expire at the end of 2016 . 
  nokia 's current ceo already hinted that nokia will be back into the smartphone business as soon as it legally can , so probably starting with 2017 . 
  so do n't give up on the idea of buying a new nokia phone , because it can very well happen . 
   if a democratically elected government will tell them to go home , a coup will happen . 
  it does n't matter what people think . 
  i 've seen you say many stupid things over the years , but i think this one takes the cake .
