  i like some of russia today . 
  the reporting seems to me to be good in many cases . 
  to compare it to fox news is daft . 
  the journalism on fox news is several degrees of magnitude worse , more dishonest , and more ignorant . 
  if you actually believe that you 're the one that 's ignorant . 
   i do n't like putin or the russian state either . 
  of course it 's too authoritarian . 
  but i do not understand the raging russophobia on reddit . 
  if you do n't understand the russophobia it 's because you either do n't know or do n't understand history . 
  eastern europe has suffered centuries of russian domination . 
  this latest annexation of crimea is deja-vu for us in romania . 
   this article is n't about russia today , which i 've always found to be fairly balanced . 
  is that a joke ? 
  rt is so biased that it makes fox news actually seem fair and balanced . 
   whatever happens , we will we recognised , it is obvious . 
  no it 's not , what is obvious though is that you are a clueless moron that debates things that he has no idea about . 
   harharhar , so funny i thought so , are you going to have a referendum about it ? 
  you 've yet to bring even one well reasoned argument , all you 've said can be summed up in a few words : delusion and wishful thinking . 
   you just harass me i 'm sorry , am i oppressing you with my posts ? 
   absolutely everything that you just said is bullshit and has n't been based on anything ... you 're just making shit up and it 's hilarious . 
  a well argued point , you must be a master debater . 
  i 've got a fucking country backing me up . 
  no , you do n't . 
   of course we will !, 
  we did n't kill anybody !, 
  some baltic countries ( latvia , for example ) have already said that they will do so once we win the referendum . 
  i like that you quote yourself and than answer . 
  i do n't know if there could be a better example of how clueless you are . 
   the right for auto-determination does n't work like that . 
  is your house a nation ? 
  did n't think so . 
  who gets to determine that ? 
  why should n't my house be a nation , yet yours is ? 
   europe will recognise us because they wo n't have a reason not of course they have a reason not to , the fact that you are unilaterally declaring independence is a huge fucking problem . 
  maybe you 'll find a few countries that will recognize you , but most wo n't and the eu as a whole wo n't since it ca n't because spain and the other countries that wo n't recognize you wo n't let it . 
   they 'll win a trading partner with a gdp equivalent of denmark and a lot more stable than spain . 
  irrelevant and hilarious at the same time . 
  saying a region declaring unilateral independence is stable is absurd . 
   that , my friend , is the law . 
  democracy is n't enough for secession , otherwise my house would be a sovereign state . 
  do you think my house is a sovereign state ? 
  no , it 's not . 
   is the will of the people . 
  we are a democratic momevent that cares little for what spain or europe say or force us to do , we will vote and act accordingly to that . 
  than why did you say :  the eu will recognise us as a soverign entity and thus we 'll be an independent country the eu will not recognize you anything , do you know that even kosovo is n't yet recognized by all eu members ? 
  and that 's considering all the war and genocide that happened there , do you think catalonia will gain more sympathy than kosovo just because they had a vote on it ? 
  and which one are you ? 
  because neither the law or people are on your side . 
  i 'm guessing you think you have `` law '' on your side , you do n't , but even if you did it still would n't matter because history is made by people . 
  it 's always been made by people and will always be made by people . 
  that 's just historical fact . 
  what does democracy have to do with international politics ? 
  at what point in human history are you under the impression that democracy had anything to do with international politics ? 
  you are so naive . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or you really are that naive . 
   that 's oppression . 
  no , it 's not . 
  oppression is `` the exercise of authority or power in a burdensome , cruel , or unjust manner . 
  '' , not recognizing as valid an illegal referendum is none of those . 
  spain is n't stopping anyone from expressing their point of view , they just do n't care about it . 
  really ? 
  and how would europe , whatever that means in this context , do that ? 
   and declaring a referendum illegal is just straight up oppression . 
  since when ? 
  i could hold a referendum that my house is now my independent country so i do n't have to pay taxes , that does n't mean anyone will give a fuck about it . 
  spain can and will declare any referendum , if one is even held that is , illegal and would be fully within its rights to do so . 
  russia 's alarmed ?!?!?!, 
  i knew it was you , that name , from norway and so active in man u threads . 
  small world . 
  that seems more like their problem , not mine . 
  if people are stupid enough to put form over substance , than it 's not somebody i would care about anyway . 
  btw do you still play vu ? 
  you are beyond recoverable , what fantasy land are you living in ? 
  i do n't believe in being polite just for the sake of it , if he 's an idiot and a moron , which he is , than i get to call him that . 
  you truly are a fucking moron , i mean i knew that for a while , but oh my you 've went overboard in this thread . 
  listen here you fucking idiot , because i 'm only going to explain it once . 
  even in an energy union , each member state would pay for its own energy use . 
  that means poland would pay for the gas that poland uses and sweden would pay for its use , if there is any . 
  an energy union is n't about who pays for stuff , it 's about how you negotiate to ** buy ** stuff . 
  instead of there being 28 countries each negotiating with gazprom and getting fucked over , the eu would negotiate one price for all the eu member states , and all eu member states would buy gas at that price . 
  this is good for several reasons , most important of which is that russia wo n't be able to use gazprom as a pressure tool against other countries , like it 's doing now . 
  and in other breaking news : water is wet !, 
  more at 11 . 
  i have no idea if anything on those maps is good or bad , it 's lacking context . 
  you are very , very wrong . 
  diesels are still very much more polluting than petrol cars , even the most modern engines and i 'll hazard to guess that most people do n't even drive cars with the most modern engines . 
  tagged as russian propaganda department . 
   but you can not just see it like that , and if somebody is another opinion or gives interesting facts to think about , you should let him do that . 
  want to bet on that ? 
  of course we can do that . 
  invading and trying to annex part of another country is dead wrong and russia is dead wrong . 
  do n't worry guys , i 'm sure hyperinflation is just around the corner , got to protect those german savers , everybody else are just some lazy bums that should get a job . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or not . 
  actually soros made most of his money by betting against the pound . 
  it 's because of him that the uk left the erm . 
  you might not like him , i know i do n't , but to question his understanding of such matters is a bit naive . 
  not all laws will be liked by all people , that 's absurd . 
  that 's the whole point of not being able to pick and choose . 
  you either get all of it or none .
