what did you expect them to do exactly ? 
  cameron not only had zero leverage , but he knew he was 100 % in the wrong on this . 
  cameron can lie all he wants to the newspapers , but osborne ca n't in the council , since all those ministers also received the same notifications that he did . 
  he put himself in a corner and the rebate offset was all he can get to call a victory , even though the uk is going to pay the entire amount , as expected . 
   so basically , they are still paying the whole thing ? 
  yes . 
  yes , they are paying everything as expected , this `` paying half '' is just a story so that cameron can spin it in the news . 
   i swear i heard from various / r/europe [ 1 ] experts that we 'd be paying the whole thing . 
  you are , the other half is taken out of the 2015 rebate . 
  was there really any doubt ? 
  that 's because it did n't solve scotland 's currency problem . 
  ruk would n't give them a currency union , so they either had to make their own currency or adopt the euro without actually being a ez member , since they would n't right off be able to join the eurozone . 
  they did n't want a new currency and the second option was actually worse for them . 
  the de facto opt-out is a temporary measure , all the countries involved are committed to joining the euro , they can only stall so much . 
  how about if the other eu countries decide to impose caps on the flow of capital to and from the uk in return or completely restrict it ? 
  it has n't , all non-ez eu members can abuse the same loophole sweden is doing and i 'm pretty sure there were discussions that poland would do that a few years ago . 
  yeah that 's pretty much what i 'm saying . 
   maybe , or form a blocking minority with the other `` losing '' countries , or veto something completely unrelated to force a compromise , or seek to revise the figures the ons signed off yeah that 's the way to find some goodwill , blackmail !, 
  there will be no blocking minority of anything , netherlands the next `` loser '' already said will pay , in fact none of the other countries made much noise , because it was n't a surprise and they probably expected it . 
  from what i read malta actually had budgeted the money in the 2014 budget . 
   but yes you 're right the uk will probably just pay up later on once everyone has forgotten about it because the uk is fucking useless at the political horse trading required to get ahead in the eu . 
  who knew that alienating your allies and isolating yourself is bad politics ? 
  shocking !, 
   what 'll likely happen ( like everything else in the eu ) is that some sort of political compromise will be reached . 
  yeah ... the uk will pay the money in parts , that 's the compromise . 
   lol - what about the eurozone countries flagrantly ignoring the eu 's own stability and growth rules when setting their budgets ? 
  france and italy in particular ? 
  you mean the treaty that the uk has n't signed ? 
  what do you care anything about it ? 
  does the fact that france or italy ** might ** break some parts of it impact the uk ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  come back to me when you actually have a dog in this race . 
  by the way , the fiscal compact is a voluntary treaty , which some eu members signed while others have n't . 
  you are wrong , i 'm not in britain . 
  what i have said is that i 'd never move there either . 
  i would be super impressed if that were true , it would show a level competence and resourcefulness that i would n't normally associate with the eu . 
   eah an additional fee is one thing ... # 1.7 bn ( 2.2 bn euros ) is a lot to the british public no , it 's actually not . 
  it 's a rounding error in the budget . 
   rom the british publics perspective and i 'd say many in the netherlands swell , it feels like we 're being punished for doing better than other countries economically , especially when you consider that they 're back payments . 
  back payments you agreed to , additionally they are not `` punishment '' for doing well , the fact that you do n't understand that is the bigger problem to be honest . 
   you have to remember the british economic plan was scoffed at by many in the eu and now that it 's proved to be effective we 're being punished for sticking to our guns . 
  nobody scoffed at the uk plan , because the uk plan was the us plan where the central bank did qe , the reason the eurozone is n't doing it is because germany is against it , everybody else is screaming for it . 
  the uk plan was n't some fucking revolution in economics , it was simply following the blueprint from the 30s . 
   i do n't want the uk to leave europe and i think cameron is attempting to avoid that by trying to stop this from being a muster call for ukip being in the eu and not respecting your commitments is not being in the eu . 
  either pay what you owe or leave . 
  do you understand that the uk government knew about this for months ? 
  it was n't leaked anywhere , because it was n't a fucking secret . 
   the way brussels has handled this shows a stunning lack of political awareness . 
  are you under the impression that the eu should time its report release on when it fits the uk better ? 
  the report did not come as a surprise , the uk was warned at least twice before the actual report release that there was an additional fee required . 
  once in january and once in early summer . 
  the eu should be above national politics , simply because there are always elections somewhere and it 's always inconvenient for somebody . 
  there 's a saying in romanian that fits this situation perfectly , a rough translation goes like so : `` a fool is n't foolish enough until he 's an arrogant fool . '', 
  the ron is not pegged in anyway to the euro currently , romania has n't yet entered into the erm ii . 
  it will do that before it adopts the euro currency , since one of the preconditions to the euro is a 2 year period for the national currency to be pegged to the euro via the erm ii . 
  where you out of network coverage ? 
  because from my experience you can still make emergency calls/calls to cellphone operator help lines even if you do n't have service do to nonpayment or other issues . 
  does anyone actually still use a landline ? 
   but is this not to do with immigrants generally being young and not requiring much healthcare etc ? 
  partly that is absolutely true , being young you 're much less likely to require medical help , as such those costs are naturally low , however what they measured here are not only health costs , but the entire social cost . 
  meaning housing benefits , children benefits , etc in addition to the health costs . 
  i do n't really care about their stupid guidelines , stopped going to that subreddit a long time ago . 
  / r/polandball is leaking, 
  umm you better hurry up with the eu immigration cap , you do n't want anymore of those immigrants that actually work and make money , better bring some more asians with their 10 children , those are the future !, 
  which is why the ez in it 's current format is doomed to fail and it 's going to be northern countries that will miss it the most , since they are the ones that gain the most by a wide margin from it . 
  that was because germany not because of the eu , regardless it was n't right that it happened in that case and we should try to prevent it from ever happening again . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point ... are you under the impression two wrongs make a right ? 
  exactly this . 
  in any country not all regions are equally wealthy , always some are wealthier than others and because of that in all countries money from the wealthier regions get funneled to the poorer ones . 
  i do n't think there 's ever been a currency union without a fiscal union in history before the eurozone was created . 
  until such a time that they fix these structural faults in the ez , the euro will remain a death trap for a great number of countries , which is exactly why i 'm actually against romania joining the ez until such time that the ez is an actually viable fiscal union . 
  i do n't know if it 's detrimental to europe in general , that seems a bit of a generalization , one that probably should n't be done without enough evidence , but i do think that in its current format its detrimental to the prosperity of a large number of eurozone members . 
  i do n't know ... it looks pretty stupid to me . 
   but a free trade agreement would remove tariffs on selling stuff to the single market . 
  no , it wo n't do such thing unless the fta specifically says that . 
  an free trade agreement in no way does it make trade actually free . 
  an fta simply regulates the trade between two states . 
  for example an fta can say that nation x can only export to nation y 1000 products t . it does in no way suggest that nation y ca n't impose an import tax on the 1000 t products of any arbitrary percentage . 
  a fta would not grant the uk access to the single market , just as it does n't grant south korea or mexico access to the single market even though both of those states have signed free trade agreements with the eu . 
   what do you mean by access to the single market ? 
  i get that you 're not in the single market , but if you can sell stuff to the single market , that would be access , i 'd have thought . 
  no , it 's not that easy . 
  if you do n't have access to the single market your goods/services are subject to restrictions/trade tariffs , not to mention that even at that point your goods/services would still have to conform to eu standards/regulation that control the single market . 
   this is an explicit recognition of the uk being a special snowflake . 
  obviously , the reu would be prepared to give the uk something to keep it in , just like it was prepared for the uk to opt out of the euro , schengen , the fiscal compact , get the rebate etc. 
  obviously , the details of any new agreement are to be negotiated . 
  i think you are putting to much importance into those words , juncker had to say something at that point , but i do n't think they mean what you think they mean nor do i actually think that junker even if he 's honest about it has the power to pull any such changes through the pe or the council . 
   however , i do agree with you that the chance of the reu and the uk agreeing a mutually acceptable deal are very unlikely , which is why my strong preference is for a brexit as soon as possible . 
  if by that you mean a deal where the uk gets an exemption from free movement while still being in the single market than i think that is less than unlikely , it 's basically an political impossibility . 
  or you could link an article in english instead or alongside the one from le monde when you made the thread . 
  what 's the point of linking an article in french anyway on this subreddit when you know for a fact that most people wo n't be able to read it and at best will read a faulty google translation of it ? 
  atheist and agnostic do n't refer to the same thing and one can be both or neither at the same time . 
   excellent comment on sanctions against russia . 
  you know what would have been excellent ? 
  if you 'd have actually posted it in english so we can all read it . 
   interesting . 
  i wonder what kind of precedent that would set if other countries decide that they too want a special deal and threaten with leaving . 
  which is exactly why the uk wo n't get any special deal , especially involving free movement . 
  neither the commision nor the other heads of state want to create such a precedent . 
  what / u/truicidator is talking about is fantasy that has exactly zero chance of occurring .
