  this woman needs to shut the fuck up already , her `` diplomacy '' is absolutely disgusting . 
  did she take lessons on how to negotiate with russia from ribbentrop ? 
  hilarious ... russia 's invading ukraine and germany is worried about how russia is going to feel . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  the only real choice is between the french and italian anthems . 
  all others come distant thirds . 
  the entire ecb board should be disbanded to do their sheer incompetence . 
  clearly they are unable or unwilling to govern the ez for the good of the entire eurozone and not just for the benefit of germany & co. 
  it 's practically guaranteed that 's the situation . 
  yeah , ok , this does n't smell of misdirection and propaganda at all . 
  original source :  a russian `` news '' paper . 
  seems legit . 
  might as well say russian foreign ministry , would they ever lie about anything ? 
  you do know russia already has troops in transnistria right ? 
  about 1500 soldiers i think . 
  you ca n't make this shit up , this article should be tagged as `` not the onion '' the irony is so strong . 
  in that case you 'll probably wo n't need the notice from the swiss tax office , but you might want to ask for one anyway , just in case . 
  when you say that ... do you mean you 'll be in international waters ? 
  because if you 're going to be in some port than that wo n't matter . 
  yes you will be able to bring your money over , you 'll have to pay swiss income taxes . 
  if during this time you 'll be living in switzerland than that will be that , if on the other hand during these 6 ( 12 ) months you 'll still have residency in france , than in that case you 'll have to ask the swiss tax authority to give you some type of legal notice that will tell the french tax authority that the money you 've earned in switzerland already had taxes payed on it . 
  the swiss tax office should know what you 're asking since there are many people working in switzerland , but actually live in france , italy or germany . 
  perhaps russia should stop vandalizing neighboring countries before it talks about what somebody else should do . 
   you a bitcoin trader or something ? 
  as it happens he actually is , he also has a hardon for deflation , just like most bitcoiners do , from what i remember . 
  haha , that was quicker than i anticipated . 
  belarus = producer of best seafood in the world , alongside austria and switzerland . 
  please tell me you 're from cluj , it would make this so perfect . 
   geman-influenced communities in transylvania tend to be more prosperous than the romanian ones . 
  the reason they are more prosperous is because historically they were richer and had easier and faster access to western innovations , this kind of thinking is a perfect example of of the `` post hoc ergo propter hoc '' logical fallacy , also known as correlation does not imply causation . 
  let me guess , you 're one of the kind that dreams at night about transylvanian autonomy or independence ? 
  even if he is it 's still a very stupid thing to say , but that 's besides the point , since when you say `` only good things in romania '' you do n't mean just one thing . 
   and another is about the current state of affairs in the union . 
  if we apply a little hindsight we will see that admitting romania , bulgaria and the baltic was an error . 
  their admission was a political move rather than economical . 
  what ? 
  an error for who exactly ? 
  you 're talking out of your ass right now . 
   i guess you have to leave political office if you dont want that comment to be career suicide . 
  sad but so true . 
  being a candidate does not mean you 're in the eu , just ask turkey about that . 
   considering the state of spain , its economy , its services industry and its manufacturing industry , i 'd say catalonia outside the eu is mostly bad for catalonia . 
  but i 'm open to your arguments as to why the entire eu would be hurt by catalonia not being a member . 
  from what i 've noticed about these catalan people on reddit , they have an incredibly inflated opinion of the importance of catalonia for the eu . 
  i have no idea why that is , but they are convinced that the eu ca n't function if catalonia would n't be in the eu , as such the eu would n't risk saying no to admission for catalonia . 
  that 's the narrative , i 've never managed to get a reason on why they think catalonia is so important . 
  finland might what ? 
  finland has been part of the eu since 1995 . 
  no , i do n't know what you mean . 
  the entire concept is absurd from beginning to end . 
  after this reply , i think i should post it again , since clearly even the second time the joke went so far over your head it might as well have been that missile that shot down the plane . 
  you might have confused it with nato , croatia and albania joined nato in 2009 . 
  but really ... can i just see some proof , any proof really ? 
  it 's all rumors and lies , the ukrainian government lies just as much as the russians , also the us invaded iraq . 
  well i know who 's going to have a polonium heart attack next . 
  albania is n't a member of the eu you do know that right ? 
  nor is it likely it will be a member of the eu within the next 10 years at least . 
   the only good things in romania are a result of german influence . 
  i doubt that . 
  only country i see joining before 2020 is montenegro and maybe iceland ( if they decide they want to ) , i doubt anyone else will qualify or be allowed to join to be honest . 
  juncker said there wo n't be an expansion in the next 5 years . 
  not to mention that moldova ca n't join until the whole transnistria thing gets settled and it does n't look anymore settled now than it was 20 years ago . 
  the consumers have no fucking money , because they either do n't have any fucking jobs or those that still do had to take a massive wage cut because the only way to reduce costs for a country in the eurozone is internal devaluation . 
  when you have no money and no jobs it does n't fucking matter if a fucking tv costs 100 or 1000 euros do you fucking understand now ? 
  even if everything you said were true , which by the way it is n't , that does n't mean it would n't be preferable to the current situation . 
  the eurozone is playing with deflation currently , southern europe has been doing internal devaluation for years now , for them it does n't matter that the price of oil stayed the same , if they had less money or no money because they have no jobs . 
  that map seems very off , does n't fit with any map from any other site . 
  five years ? 
  that 's ... optimistic . 
  my estimate is somewhere around 15-20 years if the will for reform is there . 
  i 'm pretty sure that belarus has a better chance of joining the eu before turkey . 
  to be honest , i actually think that if germany left the ez things would be rough for a year or two , but would actually settle down and it would fix the issues . 
  at that point the euro would drop in value , since germany ( and a few other nations , but germany being by far the biggest ) keep the euro overvalued in relation to the economies of southern europe , another thing would be that whatever currency germany would have at that point ( probably bringing back the dm ) it would rise in value and make germany 's exports more expensive , since the euro is still undervalued in relation to the german economy . 
  that 's a myth , the value of the oil traded in dollars when compared with the total value of all dollars in the market is nothing but a drop in the bucket . 
  petrodollar is one part history two parts fiction . 
  by not doing anything the ecb is doing what germany wanted and when doing nothing became politically impossible since the ecb is supposed to protect the eurozone and not germany than those german busy bodies that ca n't think passed `` inflation '' quit . 
  as it stands , the ecb has n't been doing anywhere near enough simply because germany wo n't let it and the rest of the central banks are to chicken shit to outvote wiedemann . 
  it absolutely did pass the issue to the ecj , by saying it does n't have competence in this matter and referred the issue to the ecj the issue passed to the ecj . 
  how is that hard to understand ? 
   so , the gcc is of the opinion that the ecb is breaking its mandate , but since ruling on this issue is outside of its jurisdiction , it referred that case to the ecb . 
  the gcc 's opinion on something that they have no competence over is as valid and significant as mine , which is to say none at all . 
   if that were the case , how come the german ecb head analyst and the former bundesbank president both resigned , because thry felt they could not endorse the repeated breaking of the ecb mandate ? 
  why the fuck should i care why somebody quits ? 
   how come wiedemann , the current president of the bundesbank has repeatedly abstained from voting because of political reasons while harshly critizing the actions of the ecb ? 
  again , why wiedemann does anything does n't interest me , he only represents the bundesbank , what i care about is what the ecb does . 
   stop trying to take they easy way out and blame everything on germany . 
  in this particular case it absolutely is germany 's fault and the ecb 's fault for not protecting the eurozone 's interest and mostly looking out for germany 's . 
  it 's really fucking easy to say that when you 're sitting in the rich part of europe , enjoying the fruits of a cheaper euro , no inflation while not suffering from internal devaluation . 
  i 'd bet you would n't be so `` rational '' about this if you were living in italy or spain . 
   how do you know its working in the long term sense ? 
  i do n't , but clearly it worked in a short and medium term with nothing to say it wo n't in the long term , however austerity clearly has n't worked at all . 
   he preaches the easy tale of qe . 
  oh you mean the thing that is working in the us ? 
  yeah , shame on him for suggesting the ecb do the same thing the fed did . 
  because the other central banks are scared to overrule it , even though they actually have the votes required to do it . 
  they are afraid to use the power they have , as such germany can bully them around . 
   the ecb is basing its monetary policy on what germany wants . 
  we are learning that this is n't what germany needs . 
  absolutely true , but until now the difference between what it `` needs '' and what it `` wants '' was n't that visible , a slowdown in germany might be exactly what the eurozone needs in the medium to long term , as bad as that would be on the short term . 
  i pretty much agree with everything you said , however my concern is that this will lead to deflation , which is already a real risk as the situation stands .
