  especially since they have very little interests in ukraine as it is . 
   arguably , the uk would lose sovereignty in some areas ( fax diplomacy ) , but gain it in others ( free trade agreements ) . 
  perhaps he assigns more weight to one than the other ? 
  which is an absurd position to take . 
  giving up any and all control in many areas just so you can have the chance to negotiate fta 's outside the eu is chasing dreams , any fta britain could negotiate outside the eu would either be a bad deal or it could be a much better deal if negotiated through the eu . 
  when you 're negotiating the largest trading block in the world you can ask for certain concessions which you could n't if you 're just one single nation . 
  anyway you cut it , it 's simply bad policy . 
   i think it 's uncalled for because at the very least he is not one of those anti-eu zealots that rabidly criticize the eu at every turn , or throw up statistics constantly to show how the uk would be better off economically outside the eu . 
  that 's exactly the type he is . 
  if he limited his arguments to sovereignty , that 's an argument i could respect and understand , but he does n't , he comes up with these absurd theories about how the city will be so much better outside the eu because what i 'm guessing to be magic even in the thread of an article about the group that lobbies for the banks say a british exist would harm the city a lot . 
  another absurd idea of his was that it would somehow be better for britain to take a norway option , even though that means government by fax , because apparently it would be the same situation as now . 
  even though brussels bends over backwards and makes concessions to britain at every turn . 
  concessions that would n't exist with a norway options . 
  these are just a few points of the top of my head , there are surely more . 
  like i said at the start , if he limited his argument o sovereignty i 'd have absolutely no problem with it , i 'd still think it would be a very bad move by britain , but at least i could respect it . 
  well when you put it like that , i really do n't care . 
   perhaps you should take a minute and cool off before replying again . 
  i 'm actually quite chill , i think what you are taking as anger is actually my total lack of respect for him . 
  simply said respect is earned not given , and he has yet to earn mine , even though i have lost count in how many threads he and i went at it . 
  he at no point made an argument that i could respect , not agree with mind you , just respect . 
   i do have an objection to you writing `` fucking '' to me . 
  it is needlessly agressive . 
  you think there 's a difference between stupid and fucking stupid ? 
  the fact that you think is needlessly aggressive leaves me cold , i 'd have to care about what you think for it to matter . 
   i do n't think i did say something stupid well you did . 
   but i have no objection to you disagreeing with me on this . 
  oh thank god , i was worried that you would n't agree at first . 
   i still do n't get it . 
  you and i disagree . 
  i think you and i can be civil to each other , but you say things like `` please fo fuck yourself '' to me . 
  why is that ? 
  because you were being passive aggressive and i hate it when people do that . 
  if you do n't like it that i asked you if you were stupid , stop saying stupid things . 
  if you say something stupid , i will call you out on it . 
   what is the point at swearing at a stranger on the internet what is the point of swearing at anyone ever ? 
   just because they disagree with you ? 
  checks out !, 
  you really do n't get it . 
   is n't it better to be civil with people rather than agressive and insulting ? 
  it worked so well last time , do n't you think ? 
  wait ... how did that end again ? 
  let me guess , you 're a ron paul voter . 
   i 'm surprised i do n't see more support for it here . 
  clearly you do n't know what you 're talking about , if that surprises you . 
   please try and stay polite . 
  please go fuck yourself . 
   britain already has very limited scope to influence laws . 
  and that 's only britain 's fault , britain is the country that could potentially have the most soft power in the eu , the country with the most ability to change things it does n't like , but it lost that power because instead of leading and forming coalitions with like minded nations it only went after opt-outs and isolating itself . 
  britain 's lack of influence is a self inflicted wound . 
   the difference between this limited scope , and no influence , is not that large . 
   there may be a net benefit to britain by leaving as can have total control on trade that just takes place within the uk , or trade with nations outside the eea . 
  completely deluded . 
   if they are n't going to be any different , then i ca n't see what the downside is for the uk in not having a vote on them . 
  are you really that fucking stupid ? 
  if you are out of the eu you wo n't be able to influence what laws are passed or what those laws say , but you 'll have to apply them anyway . 
  if you stay in the eu you can work to change current laws or write new laws more to british interests . 
   different name , same difference ? 
  it 's the free movement of goods across borders . 
  or have i got that wrong ? 
  you are very wrong . 
   uk is of paramount importance as a trade partner to the eu . 
  umm ... no , it 's not . 
  delusional !, 
   eu will submit to international law and the recognition of democracy under any article 50 negotiation - so long as the uk join the eea it reduces the points of contention vastly . 
  it 's mind blowing to me that you 're proposing a norway option for britain , the reason for leaving the eu is to regain lost powers . 
  a norway option would lead to britain being governed by fax from brussels in many matters , just like norway is and paying the eu for it . 
  completely agree . 
  most brits are just ignorant of the subject and believe what the tabloids tell them to believe , nobody ever accused them of being well informed . 
  when the jobs start moving across the channel , that 's when it 's going to hurt . 
  who did n't see that one coming from miles away ? 
  it 's clear as daylight that britain in general and the city especially benefit a lot from eu membership . 
  you 'd have to be completely blind not to see that . 
  if britain leaves the eu most of the financial institutions in the city will move to frankfurt and paris in 5 years at most . 
  that 's because you think it 's about estonia , it 's not . 
  it 's about nato and especially us credibility to protect allies . 
  failure to defend estonia , or any nato member for that matter , would overnight turn us foreign policy to shit and reverse 70 years of precedent . 
  that is the part that the us ca n't afford , estonia would be besides the point . 
  yes it would . 
  if nato refused to defend estonia from russia it would mean the end of nato and a reversal of 70 years of us foreign policy . 
  there is no way that nato in general and the us especially would let that happen . 
  that 's pretty clear . 
   well , my russian friend tells me that the crimea has been russian for a long , long time . 
  the people who live there are russians who speak russian , with a minority of ukrainians . 
  it was transferred to ukraine only in 1954 , when ukraine was also a part of the soviet union . 
  completely irrelevant , crimea was part of the sovereign state of ukraine now , a thing accepted by russia when they signed the 1994 nuclear arms treaty . 
  now russia just up and annexed part of a sovereign country . 
   that 's a bit different from invading romania . 
  i do n't know what romania 's got to do with this . 
  that 's exactly it , you do n't know anything about anything yet you feel you can have a valid opinion about it . 
  if you do n't know anything why not keep quiet and learn about it . 
   and as i said in my comment , history may explain why various europeans are distrustful of the russian state . 
  but it does n't mean you have to hate russians . 
  who said anything about russian people ? 
  this has nothing to do with them , this is all about russia as a state and the various way that state expresses itself . 
   they 're not the only ones , in europe or america , who have ever engaged in annexations , are they ? 
  this is a very stupid argument , based on a logical fallacy from the `` tu quoque '' family . 
  just because many nations annexed other territories historically , does not justify russia doing it now . 
  that 's not even mentioning that in this part of europe russia is the only one that 's been doing it consistently for the last few hundred years . 
  perhaps it would be best for you to stop listening to your russian friend and start reading some history books before you open your mouth again . 
   that 's not the way it seems to me .
