  there is no question russia sent weapons , supplies , training and men to the separatists . 
   and i still do n't get what the big difference is between , the situation in kiev half a year ago and now around the donezk area . 
  the ukrainian army completely cut off donetsk from the rest of the territory controlled by separatists , and it 's likely to fall to the ukrainian army very soon . 
  also the territory the separatists control is between 20-25 % of the territory they controlled a few months ago . 
  if donetsk falls , it 's likely the rest of the territory will follow shortly after . 
  putin invested lots of political capital on backing the separatists and russia is now subject to sanctions because of it . 
  if the separatists lose , putin looses also both inside russia and outside it . 
  lets be honest , turkey 's been a candidate since forever , but i do n't see it actually joining the eu in the next 50 years , if ever . 
  is your sarcasm detector malfunctioning today ? 
  gain ? 
  he does n't have strictly much to gain , but he have a lot to lose if he does nothing and ukraine eliminates all the terrorists . 
  it would be a political defeat of such size it would be unmatched in his political history . 
  he actually backed himself into that corner , but he 's there now . 
  oh good , i was getting worried that russia was n't invading ukraine , glad to see the invasion is back on schedule . 
  did they run out of stock already ? 
  i 'd have thought most supermarket chains would have a stock that would last at least two weeks . 
  go the romanian embassy or a consulate and ask them to make you a romanian passport . 
  well good luck !, 
   because london is a great city ? 
  that 's really debatable . 
   and probably a good destination for a fashion model maybe that 's true , i do n't know the fashion world that well , but i always was under the impression that paris and milan were the places to be for fashion . 
  if you still have romanian citizenship yes you can , but why would you want to ? 
  i do n't know if what the article says is true , but i would n't be surprised if it is . 
  putin has been displaying his lunatic tendencies more and more in recent years . 
   i think the most the eu could do that it is n't already doing is explore the possibility of mutual recognition of same-sex partnerships , a bit like how the us handles it . 
  i really do n't see that happening . 
  any such recognition would have financial and legal implications , the eu would have a revolt on its hand . 
   i 'd say there a 60-70 % chance that we will . 
  however , not right now . 
  i think you 're dreaming , unless you 're talking on a really long term basis . 
  i do n't see it happening at all in the next 50 years and very unlikely in the next 100 years . 
   to be fair the british empire did enter ww2 over poland . 
  after fucking over czechoslovakia . 
   i kinda see what you mean , but we have sent some troops to eastern europe in the last few days to ` train ' . 
  which is good . 
   do eastern european governments think they will ever be invaded by russia ? 
  they absolutely think it 's a possibility . 
  it certainly would n't be the first time russia invades eastern europe . 
   also do they think that western european governments would not back them up if they were ever invaded or screwed with like ukraine is ? 
  most western european countries have a history of fucking over eastern europe when it suits them , as such saying you 'll back us up if the need comes is not as compelling as having some of your troops train with ours on the eastern borders . 
  because words are words , but blood will ensure that your countries will enter the war . 
   i think he corrupt ... but possibly the right kind of corrupt . 
  all that is needed is someone who is in opposition to him to do the same . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
   interesting stuff , but now i 've got you to reply ... why does romania and other eastern european governments fear russia so much now they are apart of the eu and nato . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  rephrase and clarify ? 
   good , but it is kinda selective justice if like you said you think basescus family has indeed been stashing money away . 
  the problem with that is , you need proof . 
  i or anyone else actually do n't have any , all he have is suspicions . 
  people have tried to tie basescu to some shady deals , but they always run into the same problem . 
  they have no proof . 
  so either basescu is simply smarter at stealing than the rest and knows how to hide is trail better or he was n't ever involved . 
   holy shit you would think kicking the people out who were still loyal to the former ` communist ' regime in the 80 's would of been a first priority once your country takes an entirely different direction . 
  you mistake what i said . 
  they were n't still loyal to the regime before 1989 . 
  that regime was dead and everyone knew it , but they were members from that generation . 
  iliescu did n't have a reason to change them , since their loyalty moved to him when he was president , since he protected them and they ( the intelligence , former securitate people ) protected him . 
  it was a mutually beneficial relationship as far as they were concerned . 
  the one that had the first chance to clean up as constantinescu , who was president from 1996-2000 . 
  why he did n't is n't clear , either he was so incompetent that he did n't know he should or he was in on the whole thing . 
   i 'm not sure they trust each other , get along maybe but not trust . 
  call it what you will , but even a working relationship is sign that you believe the other guy is competent and can be trusted somewhat . 
   and they say the eu never does anything . 
  the eu does a lot of things right , there are a lot of reason why the eu enjoys such high poll numbers in romania . 
  i have no doubt that without the eu we 'd still be in the same cesspool we were in the 1990-2000 period . 
   is basescu in your a opinion changing things for the better or worse ? 
  from that comment i got that he 's doing a pretty good job and does want to end corruption , but from other comments people have said that it is selective justice with show trails for people in his own political party ? 
  i do n't know if basescu is changing things for the better , but things have changed for the better . 
  i do n't know if you can give basescu credit for it . 
  basescu did some things very right during his presidency , but i 'm not at all sure he started out with the goal of cleaning up corruption . 
  the way i like to think of it is that the eu pretty much started it , they pushed for it and told the politicians that without actual judicial reform there would n't be an accession . 
  the politicians had no choice but to give in at this point and that started the ball rolling . 
  in this entire situation basescu 's biggest credit come in the form that he 's a very hard man to get along with . 
  which caused constant political fights , but because of these political fight and the fact that the power was almost always divided nobody was able to stop the judicial reforms after they were started . 
  there is no doubt in my mind that basescu is n't clean in all of this , his family was/is involved in some scandals along the way and there is no doubt he was able to put some money away during this time , but as with all things nobody is black or white . 
  i think when history will be written on this 10-20 years from now , basescu will go down as a very flawed individual that while doing some really shady things had a positive impact on romanian history . 
   but from other comments people have said that it is selective justice with show trails for people in his own political party ? 
  people use those words `` show trial '' for absolutely no reason . 
  none of the trials were show trials , all the evidence was real and the crimes were very real . 
  people that think this is `` selective justice '' make a false equivalence and say that shady characters in basescu 's party were just as bad as the ones in the other parties . 
  this is objectively false . 
  firstly , there have been people from basescu 's party that have been investigated and ended up in prison , others are currently facing investigations , including basescu 's brother ( !!! ), 
  which is currently in prison awaiting trial . 
  secondly people in basescu 's party were n't as many , as long in power or as bad in their abuses as those from other parties , mostly psd . 
  so the reason we see more people from psd getting investigated than from any other party , is because more ( most ? ), 
  of the corruption occurs with members in that party which is more like a cancer in romania than anything else . 
  also the people in that party have been in places of authority the longest , as such the time in which they can do shady business is longer . 
  i do n't need to narrow the debate , because i 'm not going to debate it on the merits , since it does n't have any and since this `` article '' got downvote into oblivion i 'll guess i 'm not the only one that think so . 
  goodbye . 
  am i supposed to care who he is ? 
  if he writes trash i 'll treat it like trash . 
  there is nothing in that post that is redeemable . 
  it 's wrong from the start with his comparison of 1914 right up until the very end where he suggests `` maybe we can find a shortcut . '' . 
  you know who also tried to find a short cut through history ? 
  neville chamberlain when signed a pact with the devil in his foolish attempt at not repeating history . 
  the article is junk . 
  what a complete and utter piece of shit of an article , and i use the term loosely . 
  this is so bad i 'd refuse to fertilize a field with it . 
  ecb = killing economies one deflation at a time,
