  if you ca n't take the heat stay out of the kitchen . 
  this idea that you should n't be held responsible for your actions is absurd . 
  / u/dclauzel has made several mistakes as a mod and on top displays arrogance and laziness , he is objectively a bad moderator and should be promptly removed . 
   a new greek currency will not change that . 
  that 's true , but defaulting on the debt changes that . 
  capital controls are highly likely , almost mandatory , at this point . 
  i would be very surprised if at 9:00 am on monday they wo n't come into force . 
  nothing you just said actually matters or has any relevance in what i said . 
  it does n't matter how greece got the money into their economy , it 's already there and right now if they default on the debt payments there is no reason to believe , if the 2014 primary surplus number is real , that they could n't keep day to day operations open . 
  your entire argument makes no sense nor any difference . 
  from what i 've read greece had a primary surplus of 1.5 % of gdp in 2014 , that means they have enough money to pay for current expenses if we do n't consider the interest rate payments , as such i have no idea what argument you 're making . 
  what does anything you just said relate to anything i said ? 
   why keep them in the eu if they leave the ez . 
  because you ca n't actually throw them out of the eu , greece would have to leave willingly and i doubt that 's going to happen . 
   they would rather stay at their parents house being poor . 
  so much stupid in such a short sentence , must be some type of record . 
  there 's no reason to think leaving the ez will involve leaving the eu also , as such those people can still leave greece and move to another eu country . 
  in fact that would be the best option to help greece actually , since it 's likely they 'd send some money back home . 
  no , what greece needs is not to have any debt . 
  the `` tame '' rates they are currently paying are to much for them considering greece is in a deflation . 
   i said it was a start , not a great comeback . 
  it was a band-aid on an open wound . 
  the alternative is still having nothing and not growing at all . 
   it was n't glorious , but it was a start . 
  it was a blip , does n't make it growth , especially not during a depression . 
  argentina 's ils are not the same as greece 's . 
  at this point greece 's problems is the ballooning debt that due to the deflation greece is in it actually keeps going up in value . 
  greece needs to default on the debt and it ca n't do that while still in the ez . 
  no , it actually was n't , what it was indicative of was a deflation . 
   is it ? 
  as far as i know , the point of a megathread is to collect every comments about an event to avoid the subreddit getting filled with posts about it . 
  the point of a megathread is to prevent many threads about the same topic to pop up , but also to be a one stop and get an overview of the situation . 
  he refused to updated his post in a megathread he created after he deleted any other thread that could have been transformed into a megathread . 
   what difference does that even make . 
  the worst thing i can see here is stubbornness , but that 's not enough to qualify for a demod . 
  it makes a huge difference when reading , by the fact that he puts the english part of the post at the bottom he is annoying a lot of people and that has been pointed out to him , yet he persists . 
   any example of him actually trolling ? 
  many , in the megathread and in the meta thread about the mega thread . 
  i agree . 
  the only way staying in the ez makes sense is if a true fiscal union is implemented , but that does n't seem to be the case , at least not in the next 10 years . 
  a lot , i 'm not saying leaving the euro would be easy , in fact in the short term it would probably be worse , but i think greece would recover much quicker after that . 
   i do n't see anything pointing to him being lazy or arrogant . 
  proof of laziness can be quite easily seen in the megathread he created , yet refused to update like a normal megathread should be , since that 's the very point of a megathread . 
  his arrogance is displayed in every single post he makes , by the fact that even though it has been pointed out to him that posting first in french and only after in english is very distruptive , he refuses to change . 
  even so much as to reverse the order of the languages in his posts , so they can start with the english half . 
   he also does n't seem that incompetent . 
  except for the fact that he has removed threads that should n't have been removed , could n't create a megathread to save his life and is in the business of trolling , something moderators should n't do in the subreddits they moderate . 
   the greek economy showed the first signs of growth just before syriza was elected . 
  no , it actually did n't . 
  what it showed is that the rate of falling is much slower and maybe stopped , but that 's not growth . 
  staying on the ez and not defaulting on the debt to the troika ensures that greece will not have any growth in the medium term . 
   it could have continued like that . 
  no , because it did n't really exist in the first place . 
   on the other hand , after an exit greece would have even more problems paying for its important imports true in the short term . 
  if they leave the ez things would get worse in the short term , i agree with that , however i think in the end greece would recover faster that way than if they stayed in . 
  my theory is ... tsipras did n't have the votes to pass the new set of measures even if he wanted to . 
  his party might have told him they wo n't vote for it , nor to be honest did he have a mandate from the people for such a thing . 
  he was elected on a anti-austerity platform , as such the only way he could push through such measures is by referendum . 
  he 's lazy , incompetent , arrogant and ca n't even speak english without google translate , yea ... those are more than enough reason to remove him from the moderation team . 
  that is what i heard also , but something tells me that might change when tsipras tells them the cost of staying in . 
  if we 're talking pensions and salaries getting like 25-30 % cut and social services also , public opinion could change literally over night . 
   there 's no valid reason for doing that . 
  except the fact that he 's a bad moderator , but other than that , yea there 's no reason to do this . 
  while what you say is true , at least life outside the ez has the potential for future growth and a better life in the medium and long term , if greece remains in the ez austerity will be the rule of the land for at least 10 maybe even 15 years . 
  seems fair , now the greek people can have their voice heard on the matter . 
  do they want to remain in the ez and be subjected to further even more severe austerity or leave the eurozone ? 
  i guess we 'll find out in 7 days . 
  i warned that he 'll make a terrible mod since it was announced . 
   german is more dominant in europe then english . 
  what the hell are you smoking ? 
  german is absolutely not as dominant as english in europe , where did you come up with such an absurd notion ? 
  this would certainly be an improvement over his current writing style . 
  it has n't worked yet . 
  he 's been asked , this is n't the first time his obnoxious behavior has been noticed and commented on . 
  the man fulfills pretty much every stereotype of what a frenchmen is like and is single handedly raising anti-french emotions on this sub . 
  i personally started to heavily dislike french , a language i used to really like and speak decently , simply because i 've started to associate it with / u/dclauzel arrogance and nationalism . 
  part of the problem is that the guy is n't even posting in english first , he makes the first half of it in french and then in english , which means i have to look where the french part ends and the english one begins , which takes a lot longer and is annoying as fuck . 
  that mod is a fucking idiot and when i pointed that one before and after he was made a mod people were all about `` lets be multilingual '' about it . 
  like the fact that a post is 10 times harder to read if it 's written in multiple languages has absolutely no impact . 
  of course it leads to clusterfuck threads and posts , this has been pointed out before but it seems like all the mods of this subreddit took a permanent vacation from their senses . 
  like there was any doubt , the whole idea was doa . 
  not really relevant for this subreddit is it ? 
  polish overload ... 
  hmm interesting !, 
  who has the right of way in that case ? 
  is the car supposed to stop and let the pedestrian cross in random place or does the car have the right of way ? 
  oh is that how it is ? 
  i guess that explains it , since i was driving a nissan micra . 
  jaywalking is a crime pretty much everywhere in europe , it 's just that most people do n't give a shit about it . 
  to be perfectly honest many germans are just absolutely horrible drivers , i was almost ran into by another car on the autobahn at least five times in a 3 week period . 
  it 's like most germans think that looking into the side mirrors before changing lanes is optional , not to mention that the changing lane light is only used after the lane change it seems . 
  driving in italy , and rome especially , is crazy and you have to watch out for the scooters , but at least people there are aware and wo n't run into you when you are driving next to them . 
  well that was expected ... 
  what excellent news !, 
  buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo . 
  is this / r/forwardsfromgrandma ? 
  this joke is so old i actually had a dial-up modem the first time i saw it , and it 's just as unfunny now as it was back then . 
  lol `` may have '' , in the same way russia may have annexed crimea and may have supplied weapons , men and supplies to russian rebels in east ukraine . 
  blue banana represent !, 
   also be a bit more constructive when discussing .
