  the problem is that uk wants to keep all of the advantages of eu membership without any of the downsides . 
  obviously such a thing is not possible . 
  norway and switzerland do get the advantage for single market access without eu membership , which means no voice when new regulations are implemented , that 's their downside . 
  that seems fair to me , but what the uk wants is completely different . 
  russia 's play was transparent from the moment they made it . 
  that 's not what i said , however implying that it 's a `` science '' is absurd . 
   nice catch phase taken from the swedish sd . 
  what ? 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it will still end up at the same place because somebody will want something from eua and something from eub , just like the uk does right now . 
  it wants to keep free access to eu goods , services and capital , but would rather forget the people part of it , but not such compromise can happen . 
  if the uk wants out of the `` people '' part of the deal , it will have to get out of the goods , services and capital part also . 
  it 's relevant because it shows examples where the supposed powerless `` minority '' actually created deeply sexist laws , the same phenomenon can and does happen from a racial perspective . 
  not when the `` different '' definition was artificially created to serve a political and ideological purpose . 
   this is a difference . 
  a difference that makes no difference is no difference . 
  how do you explain the guilty until proven innocent rape laws , or the home abuse laws that say that when the police are called into at a home abuse situation they have to arrest the man regardless of who the abuser is and who the victim is ? 
  how about the rape laws that define rape in such a way that women can not legally ever be charged with rape ? 
  and these examples are only off the top of my head , there are many many more . 
   this does not mean that a concept from social sciences is bogus . 
  that 's exactly what it means . 
  here let me give you a better [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism ) . 
  i have a dictionary , i 'm perfectly able to criticize somebody that uses a bullshit definition for a word that 's already had a definition for centuries . 
   if you do n't understand why this definition is useful oh i understand perfectly why it 's useful , it give an easy excuse on why some people can be racists and yet act all high and mighty . 
  no , that 's just bullshit sjw came up with as a defense of why they ca n't be racist even though they fit the very definition of racism . 
  out in the real world , blacks can be just as racist as whites , women can be just as sexist as men and any other supposed minority can be just as much any ism as any other supposed majority . 
  which is all well and fine , however that does not mean that the women in op is n't a feminist , as you claimed . 
  as a political movement feminism has been much more radicalized in the last 10-15 years in north america and western europe , leading to more and more examples of women like the one in op being the voices of the movement . 
   very common in the social sciences , and for good reason . 
  is that good reason the fact that social sciences is an oxymoron ? 
   edit : she 's a feminist as much as i 'm a man . 
  your no true scotsman fallacy aside , women like these represent current 3rd wave feminism . 
  feminism as a political current no longer fights for equality , as such its just another oppressive movement . 
   wait , you do n't think females are underprivileged ? 
  not in my experience , no they are n't , at least not as a class . 
   if it does n't happen it 'll be the end of the eu 's ultimate goal of `` ever-closer-union '' as we 'll end up in a stagnant never-pushing-forward cesspool of meaningless bureaucracy to a pseudo-union . 
  staying buzzwords that have no meaning makes no impression on me . 
  nothing you just said means anything . 
   extending this principle is just a difference of degree rather than a difference of kind . 
  no , it 's not the same thing and you know that very well . 
  i 'm not going to get into this with you , i know you 're much too blind to reason to understand it now , just like you were unable to understand it the last 10 times we debated this . 
  britain is not going to be given the right to limit internal eu immigration nor have discriminatory policies for non british eu citizens in the uk . 
  that 's a nonstarter , so do your vote and get out or stop whining . 
   two-tier europe needs to happen no it absolutely ca n't happen . 
  because if it ever does it 's basically the end of the eu . 
  the eu can not and will not let members pick and choose which parts of the eu it likes and discard the rest , because at that point the eu would n't exist . 
  cameron will try to play hard ball , but he knows that nobody is going to give him anything more than a token , which he 'll fly back home and pretend that it 's some big victory and use it as justification to tell the british people to vote for staying in the eu . 
  peace for our time !, 
  i 'll have to request a source on that , because it sounds like you 're talking out of your ass . 
  really ? 
  the best two candidates were a guy that almost never posts here and the guy that makes stupid multilingual posts ? 
  were they the only ones that applied or what ? 
  what a joke ... 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll be here all week folks !, 
  by the mechanism of not having any money . 
  no it wo n't be allowed such a thing . 
  why do you think swiss politicians are running around like headless chickens because of this issue ? 
  i 've heard they are planning a second vote on this issue , hoping the new vote will overwrite the old one . 
   i 've never heard this in my life . 
  probably because it 's not true . 
  there 's this myth that the texas constitution has an article that allows it to declare independence from the usa if it wants . 
  in reality no such article exists , nor would it be legal or allowed even if it did exist . 
   texas has a special get-out clause unique among us states ( they can just vote independence at any time ) . 
  in any large union you 're going to get exceptions . 
  no , actually they do n't . 
  that 's a myth . 
  how about if free movement of capital and services are eurozone only too ? 
  the amount of ignorance in your post is mind numbing . 
  do you want to know a good way to raise the level of conversation ? 
  it 's by posting with your actual account and not from a newly created alternate . 
  nothing you say will make any impression , you 're still the guy that 's too chicken shit to post from his real account . 
  hoegaarden , belgian beer . 
  my favorite . 
   i do n't think you understand what a tax is if you asked such an inane question oh ? 
  you think the money that will have to be invested into moldova will come from where ? 
  from the fucking budget which is our taxes . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're playing stupid or actually are . 
   with numbers pulled out of your ass . 
  not really . 
  that 's a number i got from a study that calculated the cost of unification of moldova with romania . 
  it was from one of the previous threads on reddit where this discussion came up . 
  you still did n't answer the question . 
  would you pay an extra 20 % tax for 20 years if that was the cost making moldova catch up to romania post unification ? 
  i see you 're dodging the question . 
   you really proved his point though that might be a problem if he actually had a point , but he does n't . 
  all he has is an attitude . 
   however you try to weasel out of it . 
  i wish i had words to explain the amount of stupidity you 're displaying . 
  by the way i think you forgot to answer my post where i ask you if you want to have extra 20 % tax for 20 years . 
  if anyone is `` weaseling '' out of anything , it 's you , but do n't worry , i do n't really expect a reply to that , because we both know you do n't want to pay the extra tax . 
  now run along . 
   this is perfect . 
  well done . 
  i could 've provided a better window into the average romanian 's way of thinking if i tried . 
  so not only were you wrong once , you 're wrong twice . 
  perfect as you say !, 
  i 'd actually wish my way of thinking about this issue would be the `` average '' way , but as the polls suggest it really is n't . 
  most people are blinded by nationalistic greater romania dreams , that 's what worries me .
