  the way rogozin acts it would n't be much of a suprise if he hits the vodka bottle before breakfast . 
  so was i or did you just skip the entire second part of my post ? 
  unlike the nsa that 's keeping track of everybody everywhere ? 
  of course the internal intelligence service is keeping an eye on such protests , that 's their job . 
  i would n't go that far , it buys you an ok life , but nothing to write home about . 
  you can come to romania , 1000 euro/month will get you a decent enough life here . 
  i was n't implying anything about what he 's saying , i just think that having a german-polish state would completely unbalance the eu and it would lead to its failure . 
  right ... because germany does n't hold enough power over the eu by themselves , sounds like an excellent idea if you want to break up the eu . 
  using the same logic there must be a lot of austrians and turks in budapest too . 
   in this war it was also their fault that the german army got sourunded in stalingrad . 
  umm . . that 's quite a misleading statement . 
  while yes it 's true that the flanks of the german spearhead at stalingrad consisted of romanian units , those romanian units were under the control of the german high command . 
  it was the german high command that decided the battle plan and also knew that the romanian units that they ordered to defend the flanks were severely outnumbered , ill equipped and most of the unit commanders were incompetent . 
  so i would actually say it was the german army 's fault that they got surrounded at stalingrad . 
  the german army was fully aware that their flanks were completely vulnerable to attack , yet they went at it in street fights in stalingrad without any clear objective or exit strategy . 
  when the soviets launched operation uranus the 3rd and 4th romanian armies that were on the flanks got almost completely destroyed suffering like 75 % casualties by the end of the operation , with the rest of 25 % cut off along with the german 6th army in the stalingrad pocket . 
  if it was anyone 's fault that the german 6th army got surrounded , it was the german high command 's fault , and no one else . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can buy them even without a prescription , though it 's not recommended . 
  i mean both types of pills . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you can get birth control pills in almost any pharmacy . 
   where did i say that spain would dissolve ? 
  not even hypothetically ... 
  yes , i wonder where you said that ...  there simply is no precedent nor treaty provision for a eu state dissolving into new states oh there it is ... spain is n't dissolving into new states , it is one state and will continue to be one state with or without catalunia . 
   you ca n't have your cake and eat it too : catalonia wo n't pay spanish debt if they do n't exist . 
  what is spain going to do if they say fuck off ? 
  pay off the debt themselves ? 
  no , they are n't able to . 
  the ecb will wring their arm to recognize catalonia . 
  if catalunia wo n't accept to pay part of the debt the spanish government will refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of the new state , as such by default it ca n't be a member of the eu or most other international bodies . 
  so yes , actually spain can and probably will have their cake and eat it too in this case . 
  it 's hilarious that you think the ecb has any say whatsoever in these matters , you 're completely clueless . 
   the czech republic and slovakia were both legal successor states of czechoslovakia . 
  there are plenty of precedents , if there is political will it 's possible . 
  it 's just that you do n't like it . 
  the dissolution of czechoslovakia was just that a dissolution , catalunia leaving spain is n't a dissolution . 
  you 're already proven that you 're ignorant about such matters , so why even bring them up ? 
  also in the case of czechoslovakia both the czech republic and slovakia agreed by treaty that neither would seek sole successor state status , it was part of the final treaty between them . 
  as far as i know there are no precedents where the secessionist state would get successor state status , if you have an actual example of this happening please note it , but czechoslovakia is n't it . 
   i 'd rather be a moron than be you . 
  well clearly you ca n't be me , so moron it is . 
   instability is a loss of political power . 
  losing territory and income is comprised in that . 
  yeah , absolutely , political power comes mostly from stability , not territory , income and population , those are the real side effects . 
  in what sheltered world do you live in child ? 
   the point is that they are n't going to consider catalonia a new country at all , which wo n't create a political precedent of vetoless admission . 
  they will just acknowledge that catalonia came into existence while already inside the eu . 
  there simply is no precedent nor treaty provision for a eu state dissolving into new states , it 's perfectly possible to reach an agreement on that . 
  states are only averse of separatists because they hate instability ... but such an agreement would reduce instability , not increase it - especially not in the light of the economic and financial situation . 
  they 're going to do what is needed to avoid having to bail spain , minus catalonia , minus basque country out again . 
  and that would be inevitable if they let it come to a non-negotiated secession , as spain would be left with all the debt . 
  are you truly that dense ? 
  spain is n't dissolving into anything , spain exists now and will continue to exist regardless of if catalonia is there or not . 
  catalonia wo n't have anything , except their part of the spanish debt , because you know that spain wo n't recognize it as a country unless they accept their part of the debt . 
  catalonia will be a new political entity , the fact that you do n't understand this is mind boggling , where is this delusion that the secessionist state will become the legal successor state coming from ? 
  certainly not historical fact . 
   states are only averse of separatists because they hate instability you really are a moron are n't you ? 
  states do n't like separatists because they make for smaller and poorer nation states , the instability is only a side effect . 
   the ep , the ecb and various other courts disagree the ep is only one institution of the eu and while in the last 10-15 years it 's power has grown it 's by no means anywhere as powerful of the at the other institutions of the eu , at least not yet , maybe in 20-25 years it will get there , but not just yet . 
  the ecb only has power over the eurozone , not the eu and only in the monetary policy , not to mention that it to is an indirect power lever for the nation states , but to a lesser extent . 
  the ecb has no say on political matters or the admission process . 
   technically any state of the usa can revoke its membership at any time , but we can safely ignore that possibility for all intents and purposes . 
  actually any state of the usa ca n't revoke its membership , the usa is n't a confederation it 's a federation . 
  the eu is much more of a confederation than the usa has been since the constitution has been signed . 
  in post after post you 're proving that you 're completely ignorant of the matters being discussed , do everybody a favor and stop posting . 
   this would immensely strengthen the position and importance of the eu , and diminish that of the national states . 
  except for the fact that the eu only has the power it has because the nations states allow it and ultimately the eu answers to the nation states via the european council and the council of ministers . 
  the fact that you either do n't know or do n't understand this tells me you 're completely ignorant of how the eu works . 
   the alternative , forcing a unilateral secession and a pro forma admission procedure ( which is going to succeed anyway , see above ) the fact that you think it 's a pro forma admission is why i say it 's delusional , it 's by no means pro forma . 
  just because the region of catalonia is in the eu currently , does n't mean that new nation of catalonia will satisfy all the requirements that are needed in joining the eu , at least not right off . 
  perhaps you 've missed the economic crises going around europe , i would actually be very surprised if catalonia is currently able to satisfy admission requirements right off the bat , i strongly suspect they ca n't . 
  all that is besides the point since you 're ignoring the giant pink elephant in the room , and that 's that other eu nations would never surrender their right to veto the admission of a new member and create such a giant precedent which would spur independence movements in other countries . 
  like i said ... delusional . 
  edit : also using the euro as your currency is no reason to be allowed inside the eu , otherwise kosovo would already be a member . 
  you 're completely delusional if you think catalonia will receive some kind of special exception and be given basically default eu admission . 
  if catalonia splits from spain , spain will still be spain and catalonia will be a new political entity that will almost certainly be forced to seek eu admission just like any other nation . 
  spain would n't even have to get it 's hand dirty by vetoing anything , many other countries will do it for them to stop any kind of secessionist movements in their own countries . 
  umm actually he is n't , you 're simply wrong . 
  any time . 
  you could have , but you 'd have been wrong , i , on the other hand , was correct when i called you an idiot . 
  yes i could have , but then it would n't have expressed my disbelief at assuming that i condone slavery , just because i do n't think something that has n't happened for hundreds of years does n't excuse modern day behaviors . 
  of course not you idiot , but i also do n't see it as relevant to today 's situation . 
  just because they were slaves hundreds of years ago does n't justify their behavior now . 
  by the way , not all gypsies were slaves , only a part of them , there were many that were free to do as they wished . 
  so fucking what ? 
   need i remind you that they where bought here in europe as slaves actually that theory is by no means confirmed , there 's no actual proof that the gypsies were tartar slaves , like the story goes . 
  truth is , that currently we do n't have a definite answer on how the gypsies got to europe . 
  believe me , i know exactly how you feel . 
  they have multiple strategies to get people to play , most of the time it is as you say , the fake tourist wins and that draws the attention of the real tourists , but if that does n't work they will give you some money to play the first time . 
  normally i would n't even accept to play the round with their own money and scam them in turn , but that time , as i said i was with friends and we were like 10 people in the group and they were only 5 there with the lookouts further away . 
  it felt really good to trick them to be honest , those 20 euros bought some really nice beer . 
  i know they are , one time i was walking with some friends towards alexanderplatz and there were three groups of scammers spread out over 100 meters or so . 
  to get people to play the game they first give you a 20 euro bill to play the first round , in which you will obviously win , because they will let you win to get you on the hook . 
  so when i was passing by one of these groups one of the scammers gave me a 20 euro bill to play the first round , i took it knowing that they 'll let me win the first time , after i won the round i gave the guy back his 20 euro bill and walked away with my winnings of 20 euros from the scammers , when they saw that i was n't planning on playing anymore they freaked out . 
  at this point i told them in romanian that they lost fair and square and than i knew how the whole game works , at which point i simply walked away with my new 20 euros and they went back to their scamming since there was nothing for them to do . 
  i certainly do n't think western europe is n't racist , i know for a fact that they are , but most people there do n't know that they are because many simply do n't have gypsies or other nomads nearby and so can afford to talk from a high horse to the rest of us . 
  when you have solutions like giving them 150 euros and a plane ticket back to romania it clearly shows that at an institutional and cultural level you actually do n't understand them . 
  of course they 'll take your 150 euros and get on the plane you bought their ticket on and the next day after they 're back in romania they are already on the road back to the west so you can give them another 150 euros and another and another and another . 
  i would n't know , the few times i 've been to berlin all i 've noticed were the gypsies in the center of the city scamming people that were stupid/naive to think they could win at `` alba-neagra '' , a game where you hide a small ball under one of three cups . 
  probably less than there are with a german passport .
