  here 's a nice exercise for you , try to spot the difference in my previous statement . 
   i 've worked with and met plenty of german engineers ( or students ) whose english was at a level of what you could expect of a 6th grade student here in denmark . . do n't try to explain that to him , he 's under the delusion that most germans are magically fluent in english , when in reality having anything more than a very basic conversation with them is almost impossible . 
  absolutely !, 
  there is more than enough bandwidth for multiple audio streams , that 's how it gets handled on the children tv station in romania currently . 
  you have both the romanian audio and the english audio with subtitles . 
  that said we do n't dub movies/tv shows so there is that . 
  kids tv stations are the only ones dubbed as far as i know . 
  no , it means you do n't speak it as fluently as you clearly believe . 
   but i did actually learn english in grundschule ( not sure how to translate that , but i was 6yo at the time ) which is something you would know if you were actually fluent in english , like you claim . 
   are you referring to the romanian government ? 
  hilarious , but no i 'm referring to the government that supplied a surface-to-air missile to terrorists and they shot down an airplane full of people with it . 
  as opposed to siding with the corrupt and criminal government ? 
  i 'm sure russia is going to get right on that . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   why should people from another country acquiesce to your suggestions ? 
  what suggestion ? 
   if watching tv is so important to you in foreign countries , perhaps study their language instead of expecting all of them to be fluent in english and have only subtitled programmes . 
  i do n't give a shit one way or another , you can delude yourselves all you want , i was only making an observation that this practice to dub hurts you . 
   further , your petty insults are unbecoming . 
  i see so , arrogant to you means anyone that does n't agree with your narrative . 
  oh and which is that exactly ? 
  all i 've made is a comment that your dubbing practice hinders your ( and by that i means most germans ) ability to speak english well . 
  how is that arrogant ? 
  you 've just came and outright attacked me with inane arguments and stupid comparisons , yet you 've never addressed any of my points . 
  you 're nothing but an arrogant nationalist that 's probably on some watchlist . 
  umm i seem to have struck a nerve , you 're not used to being challenged on your bullshit i take it ? 
  somebody 's defensive ...  yes , how dare people synchronize movies !, 
  what a heinous thing to do !, 
  well for somebody stuck in a hotel room in germany it is torture actually , but that 's besides the point . 
  most germans are n't nowhere near `` fluent '' in their english , most can barely speak it and i have no doubt that the fact that your movies/tv shows are dubbed is one of the reasons why that is . 
  movies and tv shows are one of the best ways to learn conversational english when you do n't actually have a native english speaker to speak to . 
  as if we needed an article to tell us that . 
  this very subreddit has seen an influx of commentators that can very easily be described as pro-russian trolls, 
   they already know english well enough to at least read it , and many more are already near-perfectly fluent in it . 
  most germans can barely speak it , i do n't think you understand what fluent actually means or how somebody that speaks fluent english actually speaks . 
   i have a problem with teaching in english . 
  especially if it 's done exclusively , in a country whose first language is n't english . 
  teaching in english is done in all countries , nobody had a problem until now . 
  are you assuming german students are stupider than those from other nations and ca n't keep up ? 
  i think it would do you good . 
  i 've worked in germany several times and work with germans daily and i think on average you guys need some serious english language courses . 
  i 'm not talking about little old ladies in their 70s , i 'm talking about guys 20-25-30 years old that could n't string more than a few words in english together . 
  perhaps if you guys gave up the inane practice to dub every single movie/show/etc in german it would help with conversation skills in english . 
  damn ... and chechnya is such a nice holiday destination . 
  i bet obama 's really sad about it . 
  well maybe puppet is a bit much , but you ca n't deny the uk kind of works as a 5th column for the us a lot of the time . 
  are you serious right now ? 
  by that logic that are literally a billion things that should be banned before kinder eggs . 
  what a cop out , `` wo n't somebody think of the children ? '', 
  stereotypical american bullshit that ends up with kids allowed to drive at 16 , serve in the military at 18 , but ca n't actually buy a beer until 21 . 
  those arbitration clauses disgust me , i would n't mind seeing any treaty that contains them get torpedoed , especially the ttip . 
  actually murdoch is on both sides of this deal , what he really wants is to move money from europe to the us so he can make a new bid for time warner . 
  excellent !, 
  it is when 60 % do n't want independence . 
   to get the point across that it 's the real deal the onus would be on you to make that clear . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  since as you say , the american consumer is so ill informed it 's impossible to make it clear something is `` real '' champagne , since they do n't even know there is something as `` real '' champagne and what they 've been drinking for decades was a cheap copy . 
  are you seriously comparing using a name with patenting seeds ? 
  nobody is telling those cheese makers they ca n't make cheese , they just ca n't use those names for the cheese . 
  patenting seeds is at the very least unethical and morally disgusting . 
  you 'll forgive me for not wanting to sign off food security to a us megacorp like monsanto . 
  i would not mind it at all if this issue torpedoes the entire treaty . 
  while that is certainly true , you have to agree that russia has been playing this act since 2000 with the only hiccup in 2008 . 
  you could make the argument that we should have had these conversations in 2008 , but georgia was also at fault there so it 's hard to compare the situation to now . 
  as soon as russia showed it 's old self again , the us was much more prompt in it 's actions , while the west were asleep at the wheel . 
  you are getting downvoted because you 're argument is shitty , just like your country . 
  see what i did there ? 
  :p your country being `` shitty '' for me is n't based on an economic metric . 
  in fact if the only reason people migrate to a country is because the economy , like it 's the case with the uk , that means poverty is what 's driving them , not because the uk is such a great place to live . 
  this is the same situation as the us in that way . 
  the us is on average ** a lot ** richer , but you could n't pay me to move there , because i have no economic reason to do it and the only reason to move to the us would be economical , since in almost all other aspects the usa is a hell hole . 
  tl ; dr just because a country is rich , does n't mean it 's not shitty and the fact that you do n't know that by yourself says more about you than about those that are downvoting you . 
   edit : down-voting of actual statistics in favour of the anecdotes of an ascerbic romanian xenophobe , this sub 's anlgo-phobia continues to plumb new depths . 
  wow , so much stupid in so few words ... 
  exactly , in the west the mentality was `` do n't rock the boat '' so that the money train keeps on rolling . 
  i 've seen this naivety a lot . 
  most in the west thought that putin and russia work by the same rules as they do , but that 's not true and it has n't ever been true . 
  now do to their inaction and greed we have crimea occupied , terrorists supported by moscow in open rebellion in east ukraine and an airplane shot down by russian provided aa missiles . 
  hopefully the west get their heads out of their asses and soon because there might not be much time left . 
  i think you accidentally a word there , but i got your meaning all the same . 
   no one cares what basescu has to say because romania is an irrelevant country . 
  people will actually listen to cameron and his call for tougher sanctions and i expect that the eu 's stance will change soon because of it . 
  like everyone listened to cameron when he was whining about juncker ? 
  yeah , he really showed his influence there . 
   you may hate cameron ( like most romanians ) because of his stance on limiting romanian immigration to the uk i do n't really give a fuck one way or the other . 
  i do n't plan on moving to your shitty country so its immigration laws do n't bother me one bit . 
  as for cameron , he 's yet to prove he 's `` relevant '' in anything yet . 
   it 's a shame your inferiority complex makes you too emotional to see this and your anger fuelled comments just make you come across as stupid . 
  haha you 're on a roll child , i 'm many things , but suffering of an inferiority complex is really not one of them . 
  you on the other hand clearly suffer from chronic arrogance and stupidity . 
  it is civil , i said please . 
  he also came out after russia occupied crimea , but i guess that does n't count . 
  i guess it only counts after mighty cameron decides something actually has to be done . 
  please shut the fuck up . 
   pretending that romania has no interests in moldova is silly . 
  no , pretending that moldova is actually important is what 's silly . 
   we consider them `` romanians '' , part of the same nation , just like west germans considered east germans to be part of the german nation . 
  i do n't know who this `` we '' is because i certainly do n't , but more importantly they do n't consider themselves romanians , so why should i ? 
  i 'm perfectly happy with the current two state situation and do n't need and to be honest do n't want a union . 
   but romania should n't do this because of the republic of moldova .
