  that only proves that the formula is fair , since greece , while doing badly overall , is still actually doing better than estimated , as such they have to give some extra money . 
  germany and france are doing worse than predicted , as such they get a rebate , how is that not fair ? 
  if that 's what the numbers show than yes , i think it 's fair . 
  it 's fair specifically because all countries are counted with the same formula . 
  some end up giving more , while others end up getting some money back , since they already payed more . 
  the eurozone is at fault that the uk is performing better than estimates predicted ? 
  seems like it 's working for the uk just fine . 
  the uk is n't asked to pay more because its economy is doing better than the eurozone , it 's asked to pay more because it 's doing better than estimates predicted the uk economy would be doing . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  you 're confusing annoyed with hate . 
   which is stupid from the get go . 
  absolutely !, 
  i was n't making a defense of their policies , just explaining how we reached this terrible point . 
  it 's because the uk is on a `` us vs them '' eu policy which completely destroyed all their influence and soft power within the eu , instead of working within the system and trying to gain allies they went right ahead and pissed on everybody and alienating all others that might have joined with them . 
  as such france was left by itself against germany , since italy and spain are on life support . 
   put us in the same boat as norway , i 'd be extremely happy with that . 
  oh you think so ? 
  you think paying the same fee as you 'd pay if you were an actual member and with absolutely no say on decisions that will impact you will be better than what you have now ? 
  are you out of your fucking mind ? 
  i think you need to educate yourself on the eu-norway relationship and understand exactly how norway implements eu directives before you make such absurd statements again . 
  disgusting and ignorant , you went for the combo , bravo !, 
  my point is that you 're a moron , deficits do n't show if there was or was n't austerity , deficits show the difference between how much revenue you get into a budget versus how much you owe . 
  greece 's and spain 's deficits went up specifically because revenue went down , because economic activity in those countries basically stopped and causing revenue to plummet , that does not mean however that budget expenses have n't been cut also . 
  one of the reasons that economic activity slowed so much is ** because austerity ** , but i do n't expect you do understand that , clearly most things go over your head . 
   thirdly , yes this is democracy but it 's tyranny by majority ; noone in the uk wants this ( paying more - not the staying in the eu ) . 
  feel free to get the fuck out , nobody is forcing you to stay in the eu , but if you do stay shut the fuck up and stop acting like a spoiled child with a victim complex . 
  when it agreed to the fucking rules , do you understand the difference between projections and reality ? 
  do you understand that countries payed their eu fees based on projections , but since reality does n't match with projections , some countries end up paying more initially and such get a rebate at recalculation and some countries pay less initially and end up paying more at recalculation . 
  it 's not that fucking hard . 
  to understand . 
  it 's not a decision , it 's my opinion and i base it on the many comments on the eu from uk posters , is that a problem ? 
  i agree , it 's disgusting , i 've seen this attitude on / r/europe before , but never so blatantly and in such numbers , it 's like this thread was linked to in some ukip forum . 
  the gdp recalculation was agreed to by all member states , the uk included . 
  additionally it 's not even a new thing , it 's part of the process since the eu budget is based on growth projections , as such reality might not match the initial projections or might exceed those projections , as such a realignment with reality is in order . 
   who could imagine that happening ? 
  well it 's not really a surprise , britain in particular has been the poster boy for this `` i keep what i like and fuck the rest ! '', 
  attitude , but this thread is so full of this `` woe , is me '' bullshit that i actually though i was on the torygraph 's comment section . 
   in this example , the uk and the netherlands have tightened their belts , imposed austerity and thus made sacrifices . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  just how fucking clueless are you ? 
  the bank of england has been doing qe for almost as long as the fed . 
  you want to talk about austerity , we 'll talk about greece or spain . 
  britain has been doing austerity about as much as the usa has . 
  holy shit look at all the idiots talking without a fucking clue in this thread . 
  as far as i can tell this is n't punishment nor was it an ambush . 
  countries with higher gdp pay more than those with lower , as such since britain 's economy grew that means they have to pay more than before . 
  how is that a fucking surprise ? 
  i think it 's time for britain to grab its toys and get the fuck out of the eu , they can be ruled by fax like norway if they do n't like the current arrangement . 
  to be honest , i did n't even know that vw makes golf with 2.5 l engines , i thought 2l was max , but even so , that price seems cheap . 
  i think do n't think you 'd say that if you 'd have driven a golf r. 
  holy shit that 's either a scam or you really should buy it . 
  a 2 year old golf 6 with only 34k km and with a 2.5 l engine for only 8k euros ?!?!, 
  i 'd buy that tomorrow , even if you do n't drive , you can buy it and resell it . 
  there 's either something really wrong with the car , like it 's been in a big accident or the add is a fake , that 's just really way to cheap for a 2 year old 2.5 l golf 6 . 
  it 's not actually a problem , studies showed that eu immigrants pay more than they take from the benefit system , in fact on average they take less from it than a native , as such they are more cost effective than a native . 
  what 's that ? 
  more interesting than anything else in this whole thing is that the `` recordings '' from his conversation with sova are actually from last friday , a day or two after he was notified of the chargers in the land restitution deal . 
  this has to be a record for the dna , on friday you get him on tape and on monday you bring up another case against him for buying influence . 
  yes , before euromaidan , but i 'm not sure if it was before the orange revolution from 2004 . 
  this topic has surfaced from time to time in the press , but it was never clear if this was an actual offer , or even if there was an offer or if everything was just misinformation . 
  pretty sure this information has been known for years . 
  russia proposed a partition of both ukraine and moldova to romania i 'm pretty sure . 
  i was never clear how serious this `` offer '' was made and how much of it was sincere and how much a trap to record foreign leaders saying stupid things , but it 's certainly not the first time i 've heard of such a plan . 
  poor croatia , it 's going to be 2016 before they appear on any of these maps . 
  i think it would be quicker to list the areas where you think moldova meets eu requirements . 
  i do n't think there is a single category where that happens or moldova coming even close . 
  yeah ... that 's really doubtful , there 's no way moldova could actually manage that even if right now the transnistria issue was already solved , which it 's not . 
  and their mountain resorts !, 
  bansko   all . 
  the guy you 're replying to is n't romanian and no , at least in general romanians do n't think of bulgarians as gypsies . 
  why would it be anymore suspicious than a group of foreigners going to join isis ? 
  i really like this article , it assumes as true that eurozone = japan , as such it explains that qe did n't work when japan did it , as such the ecb should n't even fucking try it . 
  i also liked the `` do n't blame germany for the race to the bottom '' that it not only started , but continuing to this very day with its export of poverty to the rest of the eurozone . 
  germany 's been using the `` export poverty '' business model since the euro was introduced , it was only a matter of time until the imbalances in the eurozone snowballed into relevance . 
   we contribute to the eu with almost the same amount of money that we get from them bullshit !, 
  even with our very low absorption rate , romania still gets way more money from the eu budget than it pays in . 
  please stop spreading such malicious rumors as fact . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ziare.com/economie/ministerul-finantelor-publice/cati-bani-a-primit-romania-dupa-aderare-de-la-bugetul-ue-1313922 ) an article in romanian with numbers from 2007 up to the first quarter of 2014 . 
  during that period romania paid to the eu 10.2 billion euros and got back 24.67 billion euros . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.eu-oplysningen.dk/euo_en/spsv/all/79/ ) 's another article that has a breakdown of the sums by year , but only up to 2012 and apparently absorption was the highest in 2013 which means that for 2013 romania got back from the eu over 2 billion euros more than it paid in . 
  how about you make a comparison between solar and nuclear on a cloudy day and until then shut the fuck up . 
  do please enlighten me , please display your clearly vast wisdom and let everyone see how smart you are , do n't keep it locked in . 
  where do you people come from with these replies ... amazing !, 
  they really do n't want lukoil investigated on that tax evasion charge , i guess . 
   we can talk about the second one when other countries catch up to our emission rates ... yeah that sounds a lot like `` reality does n't quite fit with my narrative so i 'll ignore it '' . 
   the first one , first can you give a source a source for what exactly ? 
  that germany buys russian gas hand over fist ? 
  what do you think north stream was built for ? 
   germany is one of the countries in the eu that is pushing the hardest for an energy union which would make all of the eu independent of russian gas , oil and i guess energy  i 'm going have to ask for source of this . 
  germany is one of the countries that gain the most from the current situation , because it 's been russian foreign policy to give germany cheap gas , as to create a wedge between germany and eastern members of the eu . 
  germany is the country that will probably see an raise in gas prices in case of an energy union , this is the first time i hear anyone saying germany is a supporter of such a union . 
  how about if we bring up that germany buys energy from russia all the time ? 
  is that a valid complaint ? 
  or how about the fact that germany burns more fossils for energy now than it did 10 years ago , but yes , please tell us more about this fusion research you 're doing while ignoring the elephant in the room . 
  you know what would be better than germany replacing it 's nuclear power with solar ? 
  replacing its coal power plants with solar , but no ... germany 's on a manic run to shut down all nuclear for absolutely no fucking reason , while their coal plants are actually orders of magnitude more polluting and problematic . 
  germany is on a suicidal run to shut down its entire nuclear power generation , it is not something that should be admired , it 's something to be scorned and made fun of because it 's fucking stupid . 
  also germany [ on average has more hours of sunlight ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/europe_sunshine_hours_map.png ) than britain . 
   anyway , there is still wind , tidal energy etc. 
  none of those are anywhere near the efficiency of nuclear energy .
