  this is about a series or treaties switzerland signed and now its people decided to unilaterally remove a part of it . 
  the fact that you do n't see that , but in it 's place see some grand conspiracy is both naive and stupid . 
  hence my previous post . 
   be reasonable with countries that are in europe but do n't want to be part of the club . 
  eu is being reasonable , it 's reasonable to expect a nation to respect the treaties it signed . 
  so what you 're saying is that the eu should cut switzerland a break because it 's population is full of morons that ca n't think passed the fact that the trains are crowded ? 
  that is what you 're asking , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling , naive or stupid . 
   just to be clear , you would block some element of economic cooperation , even if it benefitted both parties , because switzerland would n't agree to ratify another part of the single market ? 
  absolutely !, 
  even if it were n't for the fact that any economic blowback would be much much less for the eu than switzerland . 
  you do n't get to pick and choose which parts of the single market you want , you either get it as a package or not at all . 
  of course it can , and should and does . 
  otherwise what would be the point of signing a treaty with such a nation in the first place ? 
  if the only thing they 'd have to do to get out of the parts it might not like is to have a vote about it ? 
  the swiss wo n't realize they 've made a mistake until the eu makes them realize it , clearly it 's not nearly as self evident as you make it seem , otherwise the vote would n't have passed . 
   you have to remember this was a democratic vote , so whether you like it or not , it was the fairest way to decide this . 
  where its by democratic vote or not is completely irrelevant in spite of the fact that you 're trying to make it relevant . 
  the swiss people told it 's government to break up a treaty it signed with the eu . 
  the vote is relevant only to the swiss government , not the eu , nor should it be since switzerland is n't even a eu member . 
  the fact that you 're under some delusion that you can break treaties you signed without consequences just because there was a vote about it is beyond moronic . 
  ** breaking news : ** actions have consequences !, 
  read all about it !, 
   i talked only of how britain would perceive the treatment of switzerland . 
  and i told you that nobody gives a shit . 
  no , it 's not , britain can get the fuck out if it wants . 
  the eu should n't and wo n't give up on one of its core principals for britain . 
  so it would be fair to say it 's would be better for you if the eu kept free trade with switzerland no matter what , not that it would be better for the eu as a whole . 
  perhaps you should move to switzerland if you like them so much ... oh wait !, 
   if the eu tries to put barriers to trade with the switzerland ( without asking the european people in a referendum ) that would be a very regressive step in my opinion . 
  can i have some of what you 're smoking ? 
  clearly it 's some really good shit . 
  the idea that a referendum is required to impose the conditions from a treaty both side signed willingly is beyond crazy . 
  they could implement import tariffs on eu goods that enter switzerland , but imposing export tariffs on swiss goods for export is n't a retributive action against the eu , it 's a suicide action by switzerland . 
  do you understand the difference between import and export tariffs ? 
  export tariffs , are you our of your mind ? 
  something tells me you have no idea what you 're saying ... if switzerland imposed export tariffs the companies producing the goods in question would simply move to another country . 
  switzerland would at most be able to impose import tariffs , export tariffs is outside the realm of possibility . 
  are you really suggesting switzerland will stop selling those to anyone willing to pay for them ? 
  do n't be naive . 
  the very idea that switzerland has a corner on any eu market and would be able to blackmail the eu with it is beyond delusional . 
  it 's quite a rational choice to make , if he wants swiss to join the eu . 
   if the eu is currently unpopular amongst many member states then can it afford to take a hard line ? 
  they already took a hard line on member states ? 
  you think they 'll take a softer stance on a country that is n't a member that have even less leverage than either greece or cyprus ? 
   then again , can it appear weak ? 
  no , it ca n't . 
  at some point a trade agreement will probably be reached , but it 's impossible to think o a situation where that new treaty would be better than the current arrangement for the swiss . 
  what 's to say that the eu wo n't tell the swiss that free movement is a make or break condition for signing any new treaty . 
  besides the misplaced names , there 's yugoslavia represented on that map . 
  i 've never seen anyone use a curly x for the variable , and if you 're writing at speed with a pen i 'm going to bet that the distinction between a curly x and a non curly x is pretty small which will lead to confusion and bad results . 
  it 's a common thing in math , i did n't even know there were countries that still used x as a multiplication symbol passed 5th grade . 
  we 're taught to use '' \u00b7 '' for multiplication instead of x as soon as equations with at least one unknown appear , because x is by far the most common symbol for an unknown variable . 
  yeah ... that 's going to happen . 
  so stupid , paying to go there just to get beaten by the police and normal russians . 
  sri is not the equivalent of the nsa , it 's the internal security service , the us does n't have an exact equivalent of that as an institution , the closest thing the us has to it is the fbi 's counter-intelligence division . 
  a much more apt comparison for the sri would be britain 's mi5 . 
  the romanian version of the nsa is called sts ( special telecomunications service ) . 
   most european car sales are to uk consumers [ citation needed ]  and that trend is only going to get stronger as our car market grows . 
  not if the uk leaves the eu it wo n't . 
   a lot of manufacturing is done by british companies too , such as jaguar , land rover , rolls royce , bentley etc. 
  none of those companies are british anymore , you do know that right ? 
   people have the right to be offended if they want though read again what i said , i said people do n't have a right not to be offended . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you 're comparing slavery and the holocaust with somebody being offensive ? 
  give me a fucking break , and people like you wonder why people treat you like a fucking joke . 
  you have no right not to be offended , sooner or later you 'll realize that . 
  there 's no right not to be offended ? 
  where did this concept that if somebody does something that i find offensive that somebody should stop it ? 
  pretty sure the government is only allowed to spend a very small part of the fund inside norway each year , just to prevent inflation . 
  most of the money are invested in stocks and land outside norway . 
  it 's the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world . 
  which means it 's huge . 
  bah deflation , who does n't like lower prices . 
  a completely irrelevant argument from a completely irrelevant man . 
  i think it 's time you left this thread , you 've embarrassed yourself enough . 
   i 'm just going to cop to not liking romanians at all . 
  i 'm just going to cop to not liking fucking morons at all and it seems that that group and english people have a huge overlap . 
  what would be a good time frame to tell you `` we told you so ! '', 
  by your estimation ? 
  yes please . 
  i 'm arguing against stupidity , if politics in the uk reached a point where those two are equivalent than i guess i am , but i like to think it has n't reached quite the far just yet . 
  i see that you 're not a troll , you 're simply stupid . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're a troll or a moron , i had a better opinion of you . 
  if they try to get out without paying their share of the spanish debt they 'll end up not recognized as a independent nation by anyone , bringing them in line with transnistria and sea land . 
   it 's basing its actions on public opinion which is based on false rumours the fact that they are doing something based on an opinion that they know is based on nothing but rumour is incredibly bad policy and blind political ambition . 
  just because they word it in a nice manner in their press releases does n't mean it deserve anymore importance than the headline of the sun . 
  that used to be the case , but not anymore . 
  right now there is n't much difference . 
   they say things that may be unfortunate truths that you yourself refuse to see you 're only half right , the uk has a history of saying unfortunate things , but saying they are truths is beyond delusional . 
  most things coming out of the uk currently are drivel that they should keep to themselves , but do n't . 
   i think that 's partly why other eu nations are so concerned about the uk leaving . 
  what ? 
  i think you 're misreading the situation badly . 
  i do n't mean to say that other eu nations are glad to have the uk leave , but concerned is pushing it . 
  most do n't care about it and those that do only do so because it makes the eu smaller and as such with less leverage in trade talks . 
  do n't overestimate yourselves . 
  it very much is the same spain , from the international perspective . 
  all treaties signed by spain will stay with spain , newly independent catalonia will not be a successor state to spain . 
   germany invested hundreds of billion deutsche marks into east germany after their unification more like trillions of deutsche marks , most estimates put the costs between 1-2 trillion marks over 20 years .
