  all of this has nothing to do with juncker or cameron , nobody is defending juncker because they think he 's going to be a great commissioner . 
  they defend him because they want the precedent created , they want the lead candidates to the ep to always be the commission president and if to make that happen they have to swallow juncker for 5 years , well so be it . 
   my son is autistic . 
  are you sure it 's only your son ? 
  it might be genetic . 
   is it ? 
  yes . 
   do n't you think at least more poeple would request votes about their membership in the eu ? 
  no , i do n't . 
   i also think that the uk is integral for forming a coherent european foreign policy and the uk is the most important link for transatlantic relations . 
  currently the uk is not integral to eu anything and the eu is n't collapsing now , nor do i think that would change should the uk leave the eu . 
  no special snowflake here . 
  how many times can you be wrong in one thread ? 
  the ecb can do quantitive easing just fine , they just choose not to do it yet , but they said they will if inflation continues to be very low . 
  yes , but can they schedule gas pipe maintenance during the winter without telling gazprom too ? 
   please note also that william hague has kept a remarkably low profile throughout this whole farce . 
  this is an excellent point that needs to be restated , currently british foreign politics are run by cameron and osborne from what i can tell . 
  the foreign office has been nowhere to be seen for weeks . 
   london has been the world 's leading financial centre for over 150 years even before we were fully signed up to the eu . 
  yes , but britain was actually important back then and london was the center of a huge empire . 
   they 're not going to suddenly leave the biggest financial centre in the world just because we leave the eu . 
  they made the same noises when we said we would n't sign up to the euro but they 're still here . 
  i 'm glad you 're so certain , because everything the guys that are actually in charge of this , are saying something different . 
  if london is n't in the eu anymore , it 's not anymore important than any other city in the world outside the eu . 
  most of the banks and financial institutions will move their operations to a new eu city , your blind denial , while amusing , is nonsense . 
   go educate yourself about the rotterdam effect . 
  talking point taken straight from farage bullshit generator . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.uktradeinfo.com/statistics/noneuoverseastrade/aboutoverseastradestatistics/user%20support/edicom_rotterdam_effect_2005.pdf ) 's a link to a report by hm revenue & customs that tried to measure trade with the eu taking into consideration the rotterdam effect , the result ? 
  during the time of the study 60 % of all british exports were to the eu ( number inflated by the rotterdam effect ) , when the exports were recalculated to account for the effect it resulted in 40 % of all british exports were with the eu . 
  so the conclusion was that the rotterdam effect masked only 20 % of the export volume . 
   if people in the uk vote for an exit , i think the eu is done for . 
  absurd . 
  if you say `` a decade '' than yes , you can refer to any 10 year period , when you say `` this decade '' that 's defined strictly from year 1 to year 0 . 
   but it was n't within the decade of 2010-2019 . 
  by the way , the current decade started on january 1st , 2011 and will last until december 31st 2020 . 
  it 's the same for centuries , the current century started in 2001 and will end at the end of 2100 . 
  yes , but that 's not the same thing . 
  only an idiot looks at geopolitics on the scale of a few years , just because russia has n't invaded the baltics in the last 5 years does n't mean russia never invaded the baltics , or that russia might not invade the baltics again . 
  as the old quote from edmund burke goes ... `` those who do n't know history are doomed to repeat it . '', 
  well he invaded georgia in 2008 , that 's not this decade , it 's the last decade . 
   also as far as im aware russia hasnt invaded the baltic states . 
  oh really ? 
  here 's a hint , history goes back more than 20 years . 
  you mean to tell me that nationalist parties that demonize other nations have a hard time finding allies from those same other nations ? 
  truly surprising !, 
  good thing that germany does n't have much say on this issue . 
  certainly part of this is the fact that cameron wanted to look strong for the upcoming elections , however i really do n't think he started this with the intent to completely isolate and discredit himself eu wide . 
  i truly believe he thought i 'd be able to form a blocking minority against juncker . 
  just one more piece of proof that gazprom is just another arm of the russian foreign ministry , as if any more proof was required . 
  shocking news !, 
  who could have predicted that acting like a petulant child would n't bring the desired results . 
  there 's a difference between dissent and being a special snowflake . 
   but renegotiating would be successful : what that actually says is that they believe the uk has a higher chance of success if it were to negotiate with the eu directly and not via bilateral talks like cameron is planning . 
  the problem with that is , the article was written in january , with the recent scandal over juncker , cameron lost what little goodwill he had left and isolated himself from his natural allies like the netherlands and sweden and pissed off merkel . 
  because most of the american multinationals , especially the financial ones , have their main eu operations in the city , if london is not part of the eu anymore than they 'll move to a new eu city . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/eu-referendum-jpmorgan-warns-brexit-will-lose-uks-transatlantic-trade-clout-1433429 ) 's an article about a warning from jpmorgan about this . 
  hmm ? 
  somehow i 'll have learn to live without your belief in me , it will be hard but i 'm sure i 'll manage you autistic child . 
  seeing as this is an analyses by the uk treasury , i 'm going to go ahead and call bullshit on this , i doubt they 'd make such a claim without proof . 
  yes , lets hold the eu hostage to the whims of the british , that wo n't get really old really fast at all . 
  britain is n't some special snowflake , they should get in line or get out . 
   also , what 's your comment on the illegally cut pensions , that are costing us more now than they would 've if they just gave em out . 
  except for the fact that they did n't have the money to give them out back then . 
  also the fact that it 's somehow illegal to cut pensions is beyond stupid , another way iliescu managed to fuck up the country . 
   i know a certain someone who promised to raise those raised wages by 50 % during a certain campaign . 
  breaking news : candidates make campaign promises they do n't intend to keep . 
  more at 11 . 
  only problem is ... the romanian parliament has almost 600 members . 
  are you trying out for a job at antena 3 ? 
  oh you mean the wages and pensions that were raised by tariceanu right before the election that had no backing in the budget ? 
  yes , lets have more of those unfounded wage raises , i too like to have a bankrupt country . 
  most ? 
  hard to say , but a lot of them , certainly most of those in the financial sector will . 
  even if it ends up just 1 million jobs moving , that would be a huge blow to britain . 
  parliament of thieves and hypocrites , who the hell cares about their empty political gesture . 
   i hope to see a return to pre 2008 romania , economically speaking . 
  i do n't , nor should you or anyone else . 
  that was n't real growth , it was a mirage generated by ultra cheap credit and a housing bubble or do you think housing prices falling by 50-60 % in these last few years was just a fluke ? 
  and you 're a fucking moron , you do n't like blog posts that contain a list of stuff , but you have no problem quoting opinion pieces ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  by the way i notice that you did n't say anything else about the rest of the links , are they also blog posts ? 
  fucking child . 
   a ) does n't make them wrong no , it makes them opinions , if i wanted to quote opinion pieces i can find all types , those that say dodd-frank is to powerful and an overreach , those that say dodd-frank is useless and dead and those plenty in the middle . 
   b ) why would n't they be opinion pieces ? 
  because you do n't prove anything , except your own ignorance , with opinions . 
   c ) i notice beyond the wiki for dodd frank you 've provided nothing saying it 's implementation has been a success or meaningfully transformed anything . 
  i gave you what you asked for , maybe you should stop reading opinion pieces and do your own research so you wo n't need me to link you . 
  [ consumer financial protection bureau ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consumer_financial_protection_bureau ) [ whitehouse ] ( http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2012/01/04/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-101-why-we-need-consumer-watchdog ) [ inside story into cfpb ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/01/11/a-watchdog-grows-up-the-inside-story-of-the-consumer-financial-protection-bureau/ ) [ small list what what it did from last year ] ( http://www.lowcards.com/cfpbs-accomplishments-years-14359 ), 
  i would n't say he 's incompetent , he just knows where his audience is and what it likes to read , so that 's what he gives them . 
  if he wrote that dodd-frank actually did do a lot of good , but also large parts of it could be better ( a lot better in some cases ) , well that 's nowhere near as interesting . 
  he 's just like the rest of us , trying to make a living and pretty good at it to be honest . 
  i actually like to listen to him on tv , but that does n't mean i accept what he says just because he says it . 
  all you 're quoting are opinion pieces , you do understand that right ? 
  are you seriously going to claim an article in rollingstone ( since when is that a financial magazine ? ), 
  written by matt taibbi are definite proof of something ? 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  only a moron like taibbi that sees the world in black and white would ever be caught dead making a statement like dodd-frank being dead . 
  by your own statement you have no idea what you 're talking about and you you 're basing your entire opinion on the opinion of a `` jurnalist '' for a music magazine . 
  let that sink in for a second . 
  [ dodd-frank act ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dodd%e2%80%93frank_wall_street_reform_and_consumer_protection_act ),
