  amusing , rage much ? 
  am i supposed to care about some vote in a country that is n't in the eu ? 
  a vote does not grant protection from the consequences or breaking a treaty . 
  i think you both agree ... he said `` 100 % incorrect '' , you might have missed the `` in '' part of the last word . 
   ugh ... we have mob rule , are n't we enlightened ? 
  i think you should stop this farce of an ama , you 've got neither the knowledge , willingness or to be quite frank the mental capacity to actually answer questions in a through manner . 
  you are not helping your case , you are confirming every expectation people have about who the `` yes '' voters were , and let me assure you , nobody thought it was the smart people . 
  i do n't give a shit about their democracy , they can have all the votes they want about anything they want , but do n't come crying after when the hammer falls on your head . 
  also making a throwaway account because you 're afraid of minus karma ... really lame . 
   my prediction is that the eu and switzerland reach some agreement well before that and that switzerland will not backdown . 
  if there 's one guy that i 'd trust about what the eu would do is the guy that 's a member of ukip . 
  / s you 're in denial about pretty much anything related to the eu , the fact that you think you can make such predictions is hilarious , i think you should run along and sell a few more things to switzerland , while you still can . 
   free trade is always good for both sides . 
  free trade is good , but do n't come over here to take our jobs , but please do send us all your money . 
  let me know when the cognitive dissonance detector kicks in for you . 
  you 've avoided the question , he asked you if you 'd regret your vote if the eu voided its bilateral treaties with switzerland . 
  all you 've answered is some platitude about sovereignty that nobody asked about or cares . 
   the eu does too much trade with switzerland . 
  not enough to justify not using the guilliotine if push comes to shove . 
  just because you might not like it and would be personally effected by it , does n't mean the rest of the 99 % of people would . 
  switzerland is too small to have any real leverage in this case . 
  they should and i think will be made an example of if they actually implement any quota . 
  if the eu would n't pull the trigger on a small , unimportant , in the grand scheme of things , trading partener it would invite other more important trading parteners to do the same , since it would prove the eu would n't have the political will to enforce its treaties . 
  this is the primary reason that i think switzerland picked the wrong place to wage a war , they simply are n't big enough for the eu to be afraid for doing something drastic if they need to . 
   sounds like the mentality of a dog-trainer . 
  i 'm not saying you 're right or that i agree with you , but i 'm just going to point out that dog-trainers work , so if your only argument is that it works than i have no problem with it . 
   and i ca n't imagine the swiss people just changing their mind just because the eu freezes some funding . 
  why would n't they ? 
  people change their minds all the time when faced with the consequences of their actions , why should this be any different ? 
   if someone , who you felt has no business of telling you anything , `` punished '' you for expressing your opinion , as is your legitimate right , what would you be more likely to do ? 
  change your opinion or push back even harder ? 
  this is n't punishment , this is a consequence of your action . 
  corporations and bankers were very likely against the vote , it 's the people in the streets that voted for it . 
  completely unsurprising and expected . 
  why would the government refuse such help ? 
  it seems to me that if anyone is an expert in flood management and on how to prevent them in the future , the dutch would probably be it . 
   they 'd probably have to negotiate that for themselves , although it would presumably play a part in the negotiations about how the uk 's national debt should be divided up . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  why would an issue like the debt have an impact on the rebate ? 
  the debt is between the uk and scotland , the rebate is between the eu and scotland . 
  they are not related at all . 
   the scottish `` yes '' campaign think that they will get opt outs . 
  which countries wo n't give them opt outs ? 
  all of them or none of them depending on how you look at it . 
  the `` yes '' campaign can lie all it wants , if scots think they 'll get all the rebates the uk enjoys just because , they are beyond deluded . 
  as for the euro , well ... once the uk forces them to drop the pound , the euro wo n't seem to bad , especially since you do n't have to join the eurozone right away , it can take years before they 'll officially adopt it . 
  the answer to all those questions is a clear `` absolutely not . '' . 
  scotland if and when it will join the eu will do so on the same conditions any of the current new members are , they wo n't have a rebate or an opt-out of the euro . 
  that 's as clear as day to anyone that 's not a moron . 
   is it that bad there ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  in fact if you 're part of the lucky ones that get payed a salary comparable to those in western europe while living here , you 'll find that romania is a great place to live . 
  the cost of living is much lower here than anywhere in the west . 
  please ignore the self haters . 
   disapora has a lot of negative connotations . 
  umm ... no it does n't . 
  i 've never heard it being used with a negative meaning . 
  it had probably more to do with the fact that it 's expensive as all fuck to visit switzerland . 
  what ? 
  no way ... bulgaria is fucking awful , but more important than that , the price difference between spending a week in bulgaria and spending a week in greece is between very small to none at all . 
  bulgaria is very expensive for what it offers , greece is a much better investment . 
  i 've been to greece the last 3 summers and the amount of romanians and bulgarians was overwhelming , i did n't see much serbs though , so i 'm not sure i agree with what you 're saying . 
  the map is accurate for romania , during the summer months the romanian language becomes like the second national language in greece . 
  comparing romania to china is simply stupid , china is a giant , with huge resources both natural and in manpower that were basically living like in the 1800s until 40 years ago . 
  china has been simply going through industrialization these passed 25 years . 
  that said ... much of chinese growth these days is a bubble , perhaps you 've read about the huge ghost cities build in the desert . 
  china is the next big bubble that 's going to blow , but it probably wo n't happen at least for another 15-20 years . 
   i would n't say it 's great news . 
  until i see a  6 % growth and feel it like it felt in 2008 and 2007 i 'd would n't say the crisis is over . 
  6 % growth is very high and would likely indicate that a bubble is being created , just like it was in 2007-2008 . 
  the growth back then was n't real , it was based on cheap credit and speculation , you should n't ever wish to go back to that . 
  if romania actually manages 3-3 .5 % growth every year for the next 5 years it would be amazing . 
   moreover , eastern european countries in the eu will never ever want to discuss limitations to the free movement of people . 
  absolutely correct . 
   what were the swiss yes-voters thinking ? 
  understanding economics is hard , but on the other hand travelling on a crowded train is easy to understand with a simple solution . 
  of course they wo n't , it would be political suicide for them to do anything else . 
  switzerland will have to suck it up or leave the single market . 
  so i guess the answer to my question is ... you are completely ignorant of how the economy works . 
  clearly you have this obsession with tva , as if that 's the only way the government gets money . 
  if somebody , anybody , anywhere , buys a product produced in the netherlands , that 's good for the dutch economy , since that means there is a demand for that product and the dutch worker that made that product will have a job and get payed and the company that employs that worker has to pay taxes for that worker , additionally the worker also has to pay income taxes on the money he received from the company , thus the government gets payed . 
  on top of all that that dutch worker also has to live , as such he has to eat and since he 's in the netherlands , he 'll buy food that he can only afford because he has a job producing something that is bought far away , and since you have this obsession with tva , that dutch worker will pay tva on everything he buys . 
  please stop posting right now ... you 've embarrassed yourself enough . 
   and this does n't make the dutch economy any better . 
  buying dutch made goods does n't make the dutch economy any better ? 
  is this some kind of joke or are you simply completely ignorant of how the economy works ? 
   it 's still over the top considering the referendum was regarding immigration quotas . 
  the topic is unimportant , trust and commitment is what 's important in trade negotiations and right now the eu does n't trust you , nor should it . 
   this has always been the case . 
  no difference now . 
  wrong !, 
  there was no proof before the vote that the swiss were n't committed to their treaties , now there is . 
  because the swiss people just sent a red flare in the air for all to see that they are not committed to respecting the treaties its government signed in their name . 
  so why bother negotiating new treaties with a country that might decide to not respect it when it wo n't suit them anymore . 
  the eu did n't break a treaty , it broke negotiations on a treaty . 
  when a nation starts behaving in a way that makes you question its commitment to the treaties it signed in the passed , stopping negotiations on new treaties seems like the reasonable thing to do . 
   that 's not what i 'm asking at all . 
  i 'm asking to respect democracy and not make a mockery of the vote , using it as a platform to scare off independence voters in scotland and catalonia . 
  this is your interpretation , but it does n't make it so . 
  this has nothing to do with either scotland or catalonia .
