  i do apologize for it , my first post was n't something personal , more like a conversational tool . 
  that 's your opinion and you 're welcome to it , but this is n't what your said in your previous post . 
  i 'm glad to see your reevaluated your position , to something reasonable . 
  part of northern africa was an italian colony , maybe that 's why the cultural differences are less than say somalia and sweden . 
  maybe so , but it 's a hell of a lot better than his passive-aggressive attitude . 
  where the hell does this supposed right to not be insulted come from ? 
  you have no right not to be insulted , you have the right not to speak to me , but you do n't have the right to tell me i can speak about whatever i want , but only in the terms you find pleasant . 
  the naivety of some in the west completely baffles me , the political correctness over there is reaching brainwashing levels . 
  the forced multiculturalisation is like having one sheep and two wolves sitting at the table discussing what to have for dinner . 
  you simply ca n't integrate people that have fundamentally different cultural , religious and social norms . 
  he made mistakes certainly , but not this large or unforced . 
  i really do n't understand where you 're coming from , what gives you even the idea that basescu is even really considering it ? 
  or why would he ? 
  for some delusional 5 % bump in the polls that wo n't happen and it would n't matter even if it did ? 
  no , he 's not considering it . 
  pardoning becali would be a huge political mistake and while basescu is many things , stupid is certainly not one of them . 
  what ? 
  in what realm of reality would basescu gain any sympathy by pardoning becali , are you kidding ? 
  there is no chance of basescu pardoning him . 
  i guess iceland is full of concern trolls and busybodies with nothing better to do . 
  i like to think of these kinds of attitude as morale fascism . 
  the ep does not have legislative initiative powers , until it does it ca n't really be considered a true parliament . 
  considering that 2008 levels were driven by cheap credit and construction boom , at least in romania , reaching those levels again without the boom is very significant . 
  romania 's gdp would n't have been anywhere close to where it was in 2008 if it was n't for the booms . 
  that seems like the smart choice , no ? 
  from what i know of puerto rico 's situation , the status it has now permits almost all the rights that a normal us state have without paying the federal taxes . 
  keeping the status quo as long as possible seems wise to me . 
  you only think that because of the political and economic situation created by the eu , the idea that a war in europe is impossible under any circumstances is politically , economically and historically ignorant . 
  wow , how can you be so naive as to think that the uk would get better deals than either of those two countries ? 
  the only reason those two countries have it as good as they do is because their economies are just so much smaller to due a much smaller population . 
  there is no way in hell the uk would get the same deal , not even close . 
  no , it actually ca n't , but thanks for playing anyway . 
  i 'm starting to think you 're just a troll , either that or you 're simply a moron , regardless of which of those it is , i 'm done with you . 
  is that what i said ? 
  you truly are delusional , i also noticed that you have n't responded to any of my other points , and while you 're thinking about it , also think about why they said the total number of arrests and not the total number of arrested people . 
  while true to some extent it 's not really relevant , since unless you 're assuming that those immigrant workers come home to romania at the end of the day they too will have to live in those same countries . 
  they 'll have to buy food and pay rent just live everyone else . 
  also you might want to look for a new graph , that 's from 2009 . 
  certainly many things are cheaper here than in the eurozone , but recently i 've had to go to germany for a month for work and i 've noticed that at least half of the foods in the supermarket were actually cheaper there in absolute value than what they cost in romania , some by as much as 50 % cheaper , all the while average wage in germany is somewhere around 4-5 times what it is in romania . 
  those numbers are impressive until you look at what they compare , 68000 romanians and 28000 arrests , how do those correlate ? 
  they do n't . 
  first thing , just because there were 28000 arrests of romanians does not mean that 28000 romanians were arrested , almost certainly those 28000 were multiple arrests of the same small number of individuals . 
  second of all since when do arrests mean guilty ? 
  why do those articles mention the number of arrests and not the number of convictions ? 
  would n't the number of convictions be more convincing ? 
  i 'm guessing that the reason we do n't hear about that is because that number is much , much smaller . 
  but you go ahead , do n't let logic and reason get in the way of a nice narrative . 
  wow , so much ignorance in one sentence it 's almost beautiful , do please come over and herd sheep in romania if you want . 
  so it 's not unfair competition , it 's just that you do n't want to live a less comfortable life . 
  how is it unfair ? 
  ca n't locals do the same thing ? 
  it 's for practical reasons , the priests are already there in the small villages and people trust them for the most part . 
  it makes sense to have the priests educate the villagers than having a complete stranger do it , not to mention that it would cost more also . 
  holy shit slovenia !, 
  well i ca n't speak for others , but i have n't downvoted his first post . 
  i have n't upvoted it either since i do n't consider it that good . 
  most of his posts argue against strawman arguments , which is why i personally downvoted him . 
  the only post that does n't suffer from that is his first post in this thread . 
  if germany wants to keep the euro viable than they will have to pay for wealth transfers , there is simply no other way . 
  how the german politicians sell it to their people is n't something i 'm concerned about or interested in . 
  the other option is to terminate the euro and everyone goes back to their own currencies , that works to as far as i 'm concerned . 
  you seem to be under the impression that i care about the euro , i do n't . 
  what i care about is a solution out of this mess , if that means ending the eurozone i 'm absolutely fine with that , but if creditor countries still want to keep the euro than they need to get on with the fucking program and accept the fiscal union already . 
  i 'm not against democracy , but i am very pro solutions and the status quo is n't a solution , it 's not even slightly acceptable . 
  i 'm not willing to let millions of people live in poverty just because the status quo is acceptable in germany or finland or the netherlands and as such unpopular but necessary measures wo n't win enough votes . 
  fyi germans never got to vote for the euro in the first place , why should this time be any different ? 
  why should the economies of whole countries be depended on the whims of the german voter ? 
  the current situation is killing the economies of whole countries , it 's simply unacceptable . 
  if the referendums you talk about would only have the options of a ) leave the eurozone b ) accept a full fiscal union , than i have no problem with it , because regardless of what the result is , we 'll be closer to a solution for all countries . 
  if the options in the referendum would be a ) fiscal union or b ) status quo , than i am absolutely against a referendum . 
  edit : by the way , there are n't 26 countries in the eurozone . 
  the eurozone is not the same thing as the eu . 
  than feel free to leave the euro while you 're at it , the current situation was generated exactly because the eurozone is only a monetary union and not a fiscal one and it ca n't be allowed to continue . 
  i had to reread the article to make sure it was n't sarcasm . 
  the author is beyond delusional . 
  germany is the primary second hand car market in europe . 
  it 's got low prices and it 's in the middle of europe , so it 's much easier to bring the car back home . 
  everyone that has eyes to see knew this was happening , hardly news . 
  well it was more like 7-8 divisions . 
  most of the estimates i 've seen indicate around 200k-250k romanian troops and about 100k hungarian troops . 
  that is almost certainly not going to happen . 
  if the rich countries leave the euro , the rest will use the devaluation of the euro to devalue the debt and if that is n't enough , they 'll just print money and inflate the debt away . 
  if the poor countries leave the euro they will either outright default on their euro denominated debt ( which is probably most of it ) or they 'll just set an initial exchange rate into their new currencies and than just print money and inflate the debt away . 
  if the debts would be redenominated into the new german mark , than the poor countries would be in an even worse situation than they are now , because for example , the german mark would instantly be overvalued and the only option for the poor countries would be to just outright default on the new mark denominated debt . 
  simple fact is that the rich countries will almost certainly never see that money back , or if they do see it it will be because of an inflated currency , they 'll never get the same value back is what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not certain why the slovak-hungarian border was made like that , one reason could be that they wanted czechoslovakia as strong as possible to resist against germany ? 
  or it could be a consequence of the short lived hungarian soviet republic of bela kun , or that the entente did n't want slovakia to be a thin long strip of land that could be cut off over night . 
  trianon certainly screwed hungary , there 's no question of that , but i think hungary actually holds a lot of the blame for it . 
  what many people do n't know/forget is that trianon was n't so much a reflection of the post ww1 situation , as it was a reflection of the post romanian-hungarian war of 1919 situation . 
  given that at the end of that war the romanian army was in budapest and that in the pre ww1 agreements romania was promised by the entente pretty much all the territory east of the tisza the trianon treaty was in that sense a concession made by the romanian government at the time due to huge pressure from paris and washington . 
  truth is trianon was n't so much about the politics , as it was about the situation on the ground and even if the romanian government was forced to give up the territory up to the tizsa , they were certainly not going to give up anything past the satu mare - oradea - arad line . 
  had the war not happened and hungary respected the indications given by the allied council the border would almost certainly be more towards the east . 
  that is not true at all , if germany and a few other nations left the euro would lose value , as such the countries that will keep using the euro will gain competitiveness in relation to the overvalued german mark and other currencies . 
  another side effect would be that since all the nations in the eurozone have their debts in euros , a massive devaluation of the euro will lead to a devaluation of the debt also . 
  a second possibility would be for all the nations in crises leave the euro , but if they do that they will also have to default on all their debt and devalue their new currency to gain competitiveness in relation to the euro . 
  defaulting on the debt wo n't be a choice , they will have to do it , and that will have unknown side effects . 
  think what happened when lehman went under , now imagine that an entire nation does a lehman and stops paying its debts , credit markets will freeze over night . 
  if they try to use the trade agreement to backdoor sopa than i wo n't mind if the entire treaty gets sunk faster than the titanic . 
  i do n't want or need free trade at any cost . 
  you think the uk government can afford to buy the vast amounts of land and castles from the royal family ?
