  i 'm not sure what 's with the holier-than-thou attitude you have , since you pretty much display a complete lack of self awareness . 
  you 're just another faux intellectual that ca n't remove his head from his ass long enough to realize that romania simply ca n't afford this . 
   think of how much progress millions of romanians would undergo by being part of the eu and nato . 
  what i also think about is that black hole of money that unification would be . 
  while you might be ok with paying an extra 20 % tax for 20 years just so moldova can catch up to romania , but i certainly am not . 
  and make no mistake , that 's pretty much the cost that unification will have . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the only way i 'll support such a movement is if there will be a guarantee from the eu that they will cover most of those costs and by that i mean at least 65-70 % . 
   can people like you , for one second , have one inch of empathy instead of spewing their self-serving , wannabe - `` rational '' rhetoric ? 
  sure i can , i just do n't care to . 
  what i care is if i have enough money to go on vacation in the summer and go skiing in the winter . 
  i 'm not some blindly nationalist drone that wets himself at the thought of greater romania . 
  i do n't give a shit about it . 
  here i was hoping we were over this bullshit nationalist wet dream . 
   like in all former communist countries , the majority of people are philistine , machiavellian , solipsist , materialist-consumerist and ignorant of everything that does not immediately concern themselves holy shit did you look in the dictionary for buzzwords ? 
  making such absurd assertions with fancy words does n't make you look smart or wise , only a buffoon . 
  that 's kind of a weird question , an argument could be made that any child born after the decree was born because of it . 
  what exactly are you asking ? 
   even if you used all of the nuclear bombs on moscow and other russian cities , there were strong communist parties in the various socialist states . 
  they were n't that strong early on . 
  those parties were mostly artificial , the only force they had was the red army . 
  if that went away so would have all support for the communist parties . 
  in romania armed anticommunist resistance lasted into the 60s . 
  in the last elections where other parties were allowed to exist in 1946 the communists had to steal it by force because they did n't even get 5 % of the actual votes . 
  the puppet parties were a sideshow and nothing more . 
   they 're very expensive but pleasant to shop at i find . 
  what ? 
  this is the first time i 've ever seen someone describe carrefour as expensive . 
  they really are n't , at least not in romania . 
   they only had enough material for the two dropped on japan . 
  america could not have used nukes against the soviets . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  at the end of ww2 the usa was producing enough nuclear grade material for one bomb per month . 
  russian soldiers ? 
  nonono , it 's 220 russian volunteers with their volunteer tanks , artillery and aa weapons . 
   hey !, 
  you guys helped us aswell , where is your historical guilt ? 
  :( helped you with what ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if we helped with anything related to africa . 
   truly you 're a towering intellectual . 
  compared to you that 's true , but also not much of an achievement . 
  aww are you butthurt ? 
  how do you feel ? 
  are you offended ? 
  frustrated ? 
  do you want some trigger warnings ? 
   basically any sociologist will happily explain it to you . 
  also incredibly relevant [ xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/435/ ) . 
  you really are from tumblr , are n't you ? 
  never thought i 'd see a specimen out in the wild , it 's fascinating !, 
  holy shit !, 
  did you escape from tumblr ? 
  those words mean nothing in the real world . 
   luckily reddit is n't an accurate representation of society you 're right , people on reddit are younger , more educated and more likely to have a good job , so exactly the people you 'd expect would be willing to go for such bullshit ideas like you 're proposing . 
  the fact that your ideas are so extremely unpopular even here tells you that the general public is even less likely to go for this stuff . 
   greeks dodged taxes en masse . 
  holy bullshit generalization batman , you truly have no idea what you 're talking about do you ? 
   right , and westerner are evil for it . 
  be honest , your countries are n't anymore innocent when it comes to doing stuff out of self interest instead of generosity . 
  evil ? 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  where did i ever say something like that . 
  you 're just deluded and you see the entire world as good and evil . 
   it was out of self interest , but if it helped you , what does it even matter ? 
  of course it fucking matters . 
  you presented like you were doing us a favor , which is an absolutely false . 
   yes , yes we westerners are all coward treehuggers who do not know how to efficiently solve problems , unlike the ussr . 
  it 's clear that you 're simply incapable of having a debate , all your posts reduce to arguing against strawmen . 
  you 're not worth my time . 
  so it 's greece 's fault for all their economic problems , but the countries that are a `` war zone '' are n't at fault ? 
  interesting perspective . 
   good question . 
  how much money did romania invest into greece ? 
  how big was romania 's part in the 100 billion haircut ? 
  pretty small if at all given that we 're not in the eurozone . 
   but please keep sending money from the european structural & investment funds . 
  if you want to keep access to the single market , yes you will . 
  how about letting their own countries to take care of them ? 
  they came by boat , put them on a boat back . 
  you truly are delusional enough that you think that 's an actual possibility do n't you ? 
  here 's a news flash , those refugees do n't want and wo n't stay in east europe , no matter what you do or how much you cry they will always come to sweden , germany , denmark , france , britain . 
  the idea that they just want to live in peace is a myth , what they want is to live in a rich country , as such they will always go to the richest ones regardless of where they were `` placed '' . 
  but that 's besides the point , since such quotas are incredibly unpopular and this idea is dead on arrival . 
  all of a sudden it 's about fairness and sharing the burden , where was this concern when they were debating greek debt ? 
  this quota system is doa . 
  if sweden , germany and austria have some more guilt to work off , that 's fine , but do n't bother the rest of us . 
  yeah ... something tells me this law will get killed by the ecj and the commision , it 's in clear violation of eu competition rules . 
  and ??? 
  domestic animals are much more likely to encounter wild life somewhere where there is wild life . 
  how does what you just said change anything ? 
  those are cases of rabies in wild life animals , not humans . 
  most of western europe does n't really have wild life anymore , that explains those results . 
  everything i 've read about this tank said that the start of delivery to the army units is set to begin towards the end of 2015 , how exactly can tests start in 2016 ? 
  it 's not actually a prototype , that 's the finished product that 's going into mass production . 
   but that it was closed up before the 2004 intake , meaning that poland and the czech republic will be obligated . 
  i 'll have to request a source for this , because i think you 're talking bullshit . 
  sweden , just like poland , czech republic , romania and others have the same ability to evade joining the eurozone if they so wish it . 
  as far as i know all current countries that are n't in the ez can use the same loophole as sweden to stay out of the ez by not fulfilling the erm ii requirements , since those requirements are only based on internal policies . 
  as such if the government of poland or romania ( or other ) decides to not fulfill erm ii requirements there is nothing the eu can do about it . 
  strictly speaking it 's true , however that has n't stopped sweden , poland and the czech republic to postpone euro entry . 
  at this point i do n't think romania is nowhere near ready for the euro , nor should you want us in the ez .
