  you must be kidding , just think how much the crown jewels are worth , their value goes beyond just the gemstones and whatever else is in them , the historical value makes them almost priceless . 
  getting into ee or mechatronics is almost impossible without the ability to do high level math . 
  i think srs is leaking . 
  the difference in unemployment rate is the biggest reason for those numbers , if they are in fact accurate . 
  bulgaria has just under 13 % unemployment , romania 's is at about 6.6 % . 
   prevent yourself being called slavs ? 
  please stop posting now , the ignorance you display is blinding . 
  donau is the german name , in english it 's danube . 
  here , let me help you out . 
  [ flag of romania ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/flag_of_romania.svg ) [ flag of bulgaria ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/flag_of_bulgaria.svg ), 
  i have no idea if those figures are right or wrong , but that 's not what this is about . 
  at least they have the correct names over the right countries , it 's something . 
  it 's not remarkable at all . 
  from an economical standpoint it 's a direct consequence of a badly constructed euro , from a political standpoint it 's a consequence of germany & co using `` us vs them '' rhetoric and policies to win domestic elections even if those policies cause the economies of whole countries to crumble . 
  what language is that ? 
  please speak english in this subreddit . 
  absolutely not . 
  not really a surprise for anyone not getting their information from the uk press . 
  truth is that most of the people that really wanted to live and work somewhere else they already did it . 
  of those that have n't left but are thinking about it , they most likely wo n't leave unless they already have a firm job offer . 
  he has no argument , if he did he would n't have posted this with a throwaway account since it 's not a post that justifies using such a thing , which means he 's just a coward and a hypocrite . 
  the fact that he had to resort to quoting posts from a shitty circlejerk subreddit like / r/imgoingtohellforthis only serves to prove that . 
  oh so brave , you 're posting from a throwaway posts somebody else made on / r/imgoingtohellforthis . 
  if you 're not going to have the courage to post under your real account so we too can go digging into your post history than that means you 're a hypocrite and a coward . 
  with the track record the us has , it 's slovakia that should worry about receiving some freedom soon . 
  no way is romania ready to join the euro and to be honest i do n't want us to join it even if we did qualify , i 'm convinced the eurozone is deeply flawed as it currently stands and needs much reform . 
  when i first started reading the article i thought it was satire , only at the end did i realize that this guys really believes what he 's saying . 
  completely delusional . 
  it 's pure nostalgia , people forget the dark dark days of the 80s when you 're right , romania was more like north korea than probably any nation in europe . 
  when you remind them of this fact the standard reply is , yeah the 80s were `` pretty bad '' but the 60s and 70s were good . 
  what they actually remember is that they were young in the 60s and 70s and they 'd so love to be young again . 
  cyprus really should leave the euro now , it wo n't stop the contraction of the gdp , but it will moderate it somewhat and also speed up recovery . 
  if you stay on the euro it will probably take you a decade , if not more , to recover . 
  that went straight over your head , did n't it ? 
  not that i wish an economic crises on anyone , but i just ca n't help to notice the schadenfreude in this situation . 
  well i 'm convinced , if james madison said that almost 250 years ago , it must be right . 
  the us policy on gmo is practically monsanto 's policy on gmo , that 's why it makes no sense if you 're looking at it from any other perspective . 
  qatar , for a country that has less population than most major cities in europe is an economic powerhouse . 
  i think you choose a really poor example . 
  i 'm pretty sure he means gdp per capita , because obviously the countries with the highest population will have the highest gdp most of the time . 
  the netherlands has a much higher gdp per capita than spain . 
  well he already said the referendum will happen , merkel and hollande do n't want to give cameron an out on it . 
  he ca n't back out of it now , it would be the end of his political career , he backed himself into a corner , now he has to deal with it . 
   you say europe has had enough of the attitude of british citizens . 
  which is pretty much true , there 's only so much one can take of the special snowflake routine . 
   your statement is incompatible with a successful european union . 
  the eu can not function if unless people learn to abandon their nationalist prejudices . 
  something tells me you have no idea what nationalist really means , if you think i 'm one . 
  nothing i said in this thread is even close to nationalism . 
   i do n't know whether you consider yourself pro or anti eu , but your impact on the eu , such as it is , is about as helpful as the ukipper who rails against french bureaucracy . 
  i 'm so glad you can judge my impact on the eu , when by your own words you have no clue what my position on the eu even is . 
  cognitive dissonance much ? 
   the way you talk about british citizens is one of the two big problems with the eu . 
  please elaborate , because right now your post is somewhere between `` what the fuck does that mean ? '', 
  and irrelevance . 
   any debate should be held on its own merits ; and certainly should not be influenced by nationality . 
  okay ... what debate is that ? 
  you can start making sense any moment now . 
   the day you reject an argument because it 's british , comes from the british government or represents british citizens ; that 's the day the eu dream dies in you and the platitudes just keep on coming , you 're a walking cliche . 
  neither merkel or hollande have any obligation to do cameron any favors , which is exactly what they would have if they played along with this moronic survey . 
  as for the british citizens , well ... the go along to get along attitude has n't helped the other eu members yet when it comes to the british citizens , britain whines and asks for special rights and exceptions on a regular basis , compromise is n't fun when only one side is doing it , the rest of europe had enough of it . 
  i did n't mean that his intentions were n't good and honest , just misguided , just like trickle down economics . 
  the eu needs to become a full fiscal union , if it does n't than the eurozone and probably the entire eu will collapse . 
  germany needs to make up its mind , because it ca n't have its cake and eat it too . 
  the current currency union without the fiscal union is doomed to fail . 
  first time i agree with milton friedman on anything , but wow was he on the money on this one . 
  the north will be forced to give money because if they wo n't the eurozone will collapse , that 's actually not a if , it 's a when . 
  it 's economics 101 . 
  last time somebody had this idea of organized society in europe , romania ended up in a world war , followed by over 50 years are communist dictatorship . 
  things were really organized during communism let me tell you . 
  i 'll take the chaos of diversity over your moronic one size fits all method of problem solving . 
  so ... basically everybody should shut up and do what you say ? 
  got it . 
  personally i think i 'll pass on the fascism , which is why i 'm now very much against romania joining the eurozone until the severe flaws in the euro are fixed , and with people like you on the other side that will probably take at least 20-30 years . 
  i 'm not saying it 's their fault for anything , what i am saying is that if they want the euro to function and survive wealth transfers are needed , there 's no other way . 
  the same thing happens in the us , rich states pay more to the federal government than they receive and the poor states receive more from the federal government than they pay . 
  it 's not a question of fault , it 's a question of what needs to be done for the euro to survive . 
  the problem does not refer to the eu , it 's strictly in the eurozone , and what the eu does is nowhere near enough to make up for the wealth imbalances in the eurozone . 
  nordic eurozone countries have to make wealth transfers to southern eurozone countries to make up for the eurozone trade imbalance and loss of competitiveness . 
  what you 're talking about has nothing to do with it , but thanks for playing . 
  the euro as it 's currently built ca n't last . 
  what nordic politicians know and knew for years is that for the eurozone to function in a sustainable fashion nordic countries will have to make wealth transfers to the south to make up for the completely loopsided trade balance , of course that part they never told their own people . 
  wow that 's a stupid looking passport , the bold eagle and the start of the constitution ... so so lame . 
  ot : the worst he seems to cry about is that the adoptive mother was nagging him , that 's nowhere near enough for me to agree with him . 
  this seems like a case of pretty old adopted child ( 13 is pretty old for an adoption ) that could n't bond with the adoptive parents or the american culture . 
  no , that 's not at all what a cyprus euro would be . 
  cyprus euros are only euros in cypriot banks , while in cash form they are normal euros , since you can remove them from the cypriot economy . 
  the euros in the cypriot banks ca n't be removed from the cypriot economy because of the capital controls , that 's the whole point . 
  except you also have most of your money blocked in those same banks , but even if you magically have a bag full of euros in cash , at that point , you do n't have cyprus euros , you 'll have eurozone euros . 
  cyprus euros are n't described as cash euros that are in cyprus , but euros that are in cypriot banks , subject to the capital controls , as most of the money in cyprus is , or do you think people hold millions of euros in their homes ? 
  what i think you mean , and in that sense you are right , but that holds true in almost all cases , is that people that have access to liquidity ( in this specific case , literally cash on hand ) are in a very good position to make good deals . 
  but like i said , that 's almost always true . 
  cash is king . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  higher value due to scarcity ? 
  what do you think this is , gold ? 
  people that have money in banks in cyprus wo n't be able to withdraw more than 100 euros per day , or whatever they final decide on . 
  blocked money is useless , money only has value if you can actually use it . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  well , there has been nothing but doom and gloom for the past 5 years , especially in europe .
