  we get it !, 
  you feel really strongly about this topic , we do n't !, 
  please stop spamming this subreddit with catalonia independence threads each day . 
  most of us do n't really care about it . 
  you 're a really bad troll , at least try harder . 
  why yes , those are the only two possible options . 
  i can see how it would be difficult to socialize with your students , since it 's hard to be objective with friends , but besides that i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  i have friends that are considerably older and younger than me . 
  well they can declare the euro or any currency as their official currency , but they wo n't have any power over it nor could they print any of it . 
  yes , that 's what it says now , not when it was actually founded . 
  suing for accession , lolwat ? 
  maybe turkey should sue of accession too , or serbia or anyone else that wants in . 
  joining the eu is n't a right . 
  they do n't actually need what you might call `` legitimate '' or `` defensible '' grounds to veto it , spain can use its veto for any reason or no reason . 
  it 's the same way greece is blocking turkey from joining the eu . 
  also , the eu was founded as a joint economic zone , it had nothing to do with self-determination or freedom of expression . 
  edit : spain might not even need to veto it , it can drag the accession talks for years and years and also you 're forgetting that there are other countries in the eu that are not at all glad to see catalonia break from spain and could very well move to discourage other similar movements . 
  the level of economic ignorance needed to make that statement is breathtaking . 
  nobody would want to join the deutsch mark because it would do nothing less than completely destroy their economy . 
  it would be like staying in the euro only 15 times worse . 
  the mark would be quickly gain value against the euro and dollar and kill any german exports , since the price of german goods would have at least doubled in price in relation to other currencies . 
  make no mistake germany is in no hurry to leave the euro , they are probably the biggest beneficiaries of the euro , since the countries with the weaker economies keep the euro undervalued when compared to the german economy , making for much cheaper exports . 
  that was just what it cost to bring east germany to the same standards as the west and it was strictly a german decision to do . 
  when i said the euro was the price germany paid for reunification , i was referring to what it had to give france and britain to accept the reunification . 
  the way the euro was sold to the german people does n't interest me , anyone with half a brain knew that the euro was the price germany paid for reunification , it 's been known since maastricht . 
  please tell me that that does n't represent news to you , or did you think france and britain would let germany unify without some assurances ? 
  problem is that germany is n't leading or even trying to lead . 
  they are just preaching austerity while germany is enjoying an undervalued currency in relation to germany 's economy . 
  germany needs to put up or shut up , since right now they want all the benefits from a joint currency without any of the downside . 
  if your main objective is having fun than i suggest romania . 
  bucharest is party central at a third to one half the price anywhere else . 
  you just got your drivers license and want to go on a cross continent drive ? 
  chill out , you 're an accident in the making . 
  you need to learn how to walk before you run . 
  it 's legal in romania and i 'm perfectly fine with it . 
  i do n't personally gamble , although i do play poker from time to time , but if people want to throw their money away playing roulette or some other game i 'm fine with it . 
  it 's their money to do as they wish . 
  not really , however the us embassy in bucharest usually organizes a party and a firework show in the evening . 
  the party is obviously for the political elite , but everyone enjoys the fireworks . 
  as a poster already said it 's very popular in romania , the majority of `` tuica '' , which is traditionally a spirit made from plums , is homebrewed . 
   moving for my job from germany to italy yes italy has mostly slow af internet , but i do n't understand how that would be a change for you ? 
  as somebody that 's been in both countries quite a bit i can tell you that the internet in germany is maybe only marginally better than in italy and it 's absolutely terrible in both countries . 
  i do n't think you could do that even if you were married , since she only has a student visa , not a residency permit . 
  you 'll need your own visa . 
  in romania it 's seen positively and necessary since france and germany ca n't really be trusted in matters relating to russia . 
  in romania its official name is bancomat , however in recent years that name started falling out of use and most people use atm now , even though atm does n't mean anything in romanian . 
   which does not mean it 's working . 
  perhaps if you did n't have every non-french tv show and movie dubbed into french . 
  berlin , no doubt . 
  what ? 
   even if economic sanctions were proposed by ee , the bill 's being payed by we , which once again showed to care to their minor brothers . 
  that would have meant something if we pushed for them themselves and not had to be dragged along by the situation . 
  as it was they only looked like opportunistic cowards that do n't have what it takes to do the right thing if it means a couple of multinationals lose some business . 
   ee should also understand that russia is not the evil . 
  we should understand that russia was and is an aggressive , militaristic , imperialistic nation with delusions of grandeur . 
  our history is full of russian invasions as such you telling us that russia is n't evil is absurd . 
  nothing in current russia 's behavior is any different from russia 's behavior from 70 years ago or 100 years ago or 250 years ago . 
   probably we would not enter war for ukraine , but would for any other ee state ( finland , baltics , poland , and romania for sure ) , as far as nato means something . 
  well i 'm glad you 're sure about that , because i 'm not . 
   anyway , usa budget for europe is like 10 % of what they spend , and european bases let usa be the biggest military power in the world , through logistical force projection . 
  and what ? 
  since when is having the guy with the biggest stick as an ally a bad thing ? 
   all these points are well documented facts all your points are irrelevant . 
  you can find it as insulting as you want , it does n't make it any less true . 
  do n't kid yourself , britain did n't fought in ww2 to help ee at all and had no problem selling the entire region to stalin when push came to shove , but even if what you said were true that still happened over 70 years ago . 
  however my point was n't really about the uk . 
  if anything from all western european countries the uk has been the most proactive of them in the ukrainian crisis , which granted is n't saying much . 
  i was more referring to germany , france , italy , netherlands , austria and others , not really the uk . 
  the economic sanctions were pushed by the us and ee countries , not western europe . 
  they had to be dragged along , they did n't push anything . 
  we only have to remember how long it took to force france to stop the sale of those assault ships to russia . 
  i doubt there is anyone in eastern europe that does n't trust the us more in matters related to security than germany or france . 
   the ruble is going down the toilet because of that . 
  also the ruble went down because the price of oil went down , not because of the sanctions . 
  the sanctions only exacerbated the crisis , they did n't cause it . 
  i think the current efforts within nato are sufficient for the current situation and i do n't see the need to make any changes . 
  the usa is the only credible counterbalance to russian expansionism in eastern europe . 
  if there 's anything that the ukraine crises proved is that western europe is unwilling and possibly unable to provide security to this region , as such the us is the only solution . 
  absolutely not . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i 'm just talking about those that can afford it . 
  if you live in no-mans-land where you do n't have electricity and the bathroom is a hut in the back of the garden than obviously you 're not going to have an ac . 
  in romania acs are pretty common . 
  in the summers the temperatures can easily reach 40 degrees so having an ac to cool the house becomes almost necessary . 
  yes he does , is that a problem ? 
  i 'd rather they stay in and get in line , but seeing as that 's never going to happen i 'm not sad to see them go . 
  if they want out so badly , good riddance . 
  she and her government are pretty much solely responsible for the death of the dream of a federal europe . 
  she is by far the most cowardly and incompetent european political leader of this generation and germany and the eu as a whole are worse for it . 
  there 's no comparison , berlin is light years ahead of munich . 
  the same reason we can also buy kinder eggs . 
  montenegro probably , it 's the only one i can realistically see joining by 2020 . 
  the others 2025 at the earliest . 
  no , this has nothing to do with tourists , you 've got nothing to be afraid of . 
  it 's comical to me that a guy that drove his companies into bankruptcy multiple times could ever be in a position to lead the biggest economy in the world . 
  the man is a parasite and if the us actually had a political process designed to pick a leader trump would n't even make the top 10000 list , but the us does n't pick leaders it picks celebrities . 
  that said i have faith that trump wo n't even win the republican nomination , let alone a general election . 
  a trump vs sanders final would be fucking amazing though , just for the entertainment value . 
   in the usa `` white bread '' is 1 certain type of bread that is made from refined , white flour , and is sweet . 
  most white bread in europe is actually salty tasting , not sweet .
