  wow ... 
  i mean i expect it from the ft , but i had more respect for reuters . 
   you ca n't call him stupid for believing what the news told him . 
  umm ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that one of the definitions of stupid . 
  if all he knows on this topic is what the daily mail told him than i certainly can call him stupid , both for his ignorance of the topic he 's commenting on and for the fact that he trusts the daily mail or whatever british tabloid he reads . 
  while that 's true , that 's not really the reason deflation is hugely bad . 
  it 's bad because the attitude it imprints on market participants . 
  if there is deflation that means prices are dropping , which means that you as an average guy with a limited amount of money will put off buying anything you can right now knowing that tomorrow/next week/etc the price on the thing you want to buy will probably be lower . 
  this attitude applied to entire populations leads to a crash in demand for goods , which in turn leads to even further deflation . 
  this whole process is called a deflationary cycle and it 's one of the most toxic and hardest to get out of economic phenomenon . 
   deflation is good for the countries economy as a whole wow ... so much stupid in such a small sentence , it 's really quite amazing . 
  this is pretty much the only way to negotiate with russia currently . 
  they do something you do n't like , you do something they do n't like and end up with some form of negotiated settlement at some point . 
  it 's not odd at all , it 's retaliation for the ukraine situation . 
  if anything it was expected , if not this than something else . 
  do these people think it 's called `` the world 's oldest profession '' because it does n't have staying power during the banned periods ? 
  nothing good will come of this . 
  good luck with that , do n't let the door hit you . 
  you do n't have to image it , since i already did it . 
  i do n't think that word means what you think it means . 
  you should probably look it up in a dictionary , you should n't have a problem doing that , seeing as you 're british and all . 
  because the ue is n't based on seniority , i have just as much right to tell you to fuck off as any other guy . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  not important enough to put up with your shit . 
  either get it together or leave . 
  the ue would certainly benefit from having the uk stay there 's no question of that , but only if the uk gets it 's shit together and stops crying and asking for special rights every other day . 
  the uk is nowhere near as important as it thinks itself . 
  it 's amusing that you think that 's some positive news about russia . 
  russia is trying to get the eu to accept some trilateral talks about a bilateral trade agreement by blackmailing ukraine and the eu is having none of it . 
   moldova will never joing the eu . . nobody wants us there ( maybe just the east europe countries , but not the major powers like germany , france , uk ) . 
  of course they want you to join , even if you do n't consider the fact that it 's a new market and more population to your economic zone , germany and france will want you to join just to keep moldova away from russia 's customs union . 
  in the grand scheme of things , the costs of allowing moldova to join are not that big , since moldova is n't that big . 
   but you know whats the problem ... romanians from romania ( as i see in this thread ) are thinking too much from the materialistic point of view . 
  and this makes me sad oh i 'm sorry i 'm in no hurry to part with more of my money than i already am for some nationalistic gesture i do n't care about . 
  you really think the difference between romania and moldova is the quality of the roads ? 
  just a short search on google tells me that average nominal gdp per capita for the year 2012 for [ moldova ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2013/01/weodata/weorept.aspx?sy=2011&amp;ey=2015&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;pr1.x=46&amp;pr1.y=8&amp;c=921&amp;s=ngdpd%2cngdpdpc&amp;grp=0&amp;a= ) was around $ 2000 , while for [ romania ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2013/02/weodata/weorept.aspx?pr.x=58&amp;pr.y=5&amp;sy=2011&amp;ey=2018&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;c=968&amp;s=ngdpd%2cngdpdpc%2cpppgdp%2cppppc&amp;grp=0&amp;a= ) it was $ 8000 . 
  do n't kid yourselves , moldova is much poorer than romania is , but on the other hand romania is simply to poor to afford a union at this time . 
  moldova 's best chance is joining the eu and using eu cohesion funds to close the gap between it and the other countries . 
  oh really ? 
  you think somebody will give us the money for such an empty and nationalistic goal ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're naive or delusional . 
  thank god the moldavian people are mostly against a union , because with the idiot politicians romania has in power they might actually try to do the union if they really could . 
  there 's no way that romania can actually finance a union at this time , or at any time in a near future , one only needs to look the the german reunification and see how much that costed to understand that fact . 
  people would be willing to bankrupt the country just to push some nationalist agenda that does ' t matter anyway since moldova will join the eu in the next 10 years most likely . 
  from what i 've read it 's intended that the high speed rail line connect vienna - bucharest - constanta , which means that it will almost certainly pass through budapest , so it 's very likely it will happen . 
  this article is so badly written and biased i had to check i was n't reading it on rt.com, 
  this is incredibly false , where did you get that propaganda ? 
  ukraine always seemed like a bridge too far kind of a situation . 
  ca n't really say i 'm surprised . 
  agreed . 
  op seems to be looking for a money is no object kind of thing , in which case i 'm sure there are better places , but i 've been in zell am see-kaprun for 3 weeks last winter and i have nothing but 5 stars to give . 
  also went to ski in saalbach several days during that trip and in some respects i think it 's even better than zell am see-kaprun . 
  i second saalbach or zell am see-kaprun area . 
  amazing place to ski . 
   eastern europe there 's a trend to increase land / house taxes and reduce employee taxes . 
  i 'll need a source on that , my taxes have n't been lowered ever since i started working . 
   also , homes need constant repairs and people often forget that . 
  repairs which would n't be done if you were renting ? 
   finally , it reduces your mobility !!!!, 
  if you lose a job , then you may be unable to sell it , move or find another job . 
  not really a problem if you 're living in a large urban city , moving cities for a new job is n't something that 's done around here . 
  if i 'll move i 'm moving to the west , not another city in romania . 
  also demand for apartments in bucharest at least is huge , there 's no way you would n't find a buyer for it . 
  not really unexpected to be honest . 
  in my experience the rent you would pay on an apartment would be almost the same as the sum you 'd pay to the bank each month for the loan you took to buy the same apartment . 
  given that situation owning something is better than not owning it and still paying the same money every month . 
  i guess this means our rents are way to high or home prices are way to low than they should . 
  do n't really know which is right , but after checking home prices in other european cities i think the rent prices are very high . 
  completely legal and not really that uncommon to be honest . 
  deflation now available at a eurozone near you !, 
  call now !, 
  words change meaning all the time , what makes this time a sad development ? 
  just because the word had another meaning a long time ago , means nothing . 
  words change meanings all the time . 
  what neoliberal meant in the 30s and what it means now are completely separate concepts , but it does n't mean one is right and one is wrong . 
  if you 're just going to copy-paste from wikipedia at least paste everything . 
   in the 1960s , usage of the term `` neoliberal '' heavily declined . 
  when the term was reintroduced in the 1980s in connection with augusto pinochet 's regime , the usage of the term had shifted . 
  it had not only become a term with negative connotations employed principally by critics of market reform , but it also had shifted in meaning from a moderate form of liberalism to a more radical and laissez-faire capitalist set of ideas . 
  scholars now tended to associate it with the theories of economists friedrich hayek and milton friedman . 
  [ 2 ] once the new meaning of neoliberalism was established as a common usage among spanish-speaking scholars , it diffused directly into the english-language study of political economy . 
  [ 3 ] the term `` neoliberal '' is now used mainly by those who are critical of legislative initiatives that push for free trade , deregulation , enhanced privatization , and an overall reduction in government control of the economy . 
  maybe so , but at least it describes reality . 
  if that 's what you take away from that little story than i get to call you a moron , it 's just the way it goes . 
  please stop trying to rationalize what might or might not have happened in a discussion that might or might not have happened just to further your point which is mind numbingly stupid to begin with . 
  you 're making yourself look more moronic than the guy that originally posted this little story and rapidly reaching the level of stupidity of the audience member in his story . 
  i could write a post explaining to you why not only are you wrong on thinking that the euro would be dead without germany , but also wrong on thinking this is about footing any bills , but i wo n't since from your simpleton reply denotes the fact that you do n't have the slightest idea what the issue with the eurozone is . 
  umm i think you need to check with the ecb on this , but currently there is a real risk that the eurozone will fall into a deflation crises , that 's exactly the reason the ecb has been lowering rates . 
  i did n't say wealth transfers were likely , but they are a possibility . 
  southern europe leaving the eurozone is one possible solution to the crises , not the only one . 
  another possible solution would be for germany ( primary ) and maybe one or two other countries to leave the eurozone themselves . 
  a third option would be the implementation of permanent and well defined wealth transfer mechanism within the eurozone that would help balance out the current account imbalances within the eurozone . 
  so wait ... your position is that britain should not invest in jobs in the uk because a non-british person might get the job ? 
  that non-british person would pay the same taxes and everything else just like a normal british person would . 
  this argument would be hilarious if it was n't so sad that you think it 's a real argument . 
  every country works for their own interests , that 's true , but no country has gone to the extent that germany has in the last 4-5 years in pursuit of those interests at the expense of so many from across the continent . 
  so yes , absolutely german selfishness . 
  this is a perfect example of german selfishness that has marked their eu policies for the last 4 years or so . 
  during a time when there is a real risk of the eurozone falling into a deflation , germany is worried about inflation and the fact that its savings might lose some value 10 years down the line .
