  i thought the fact the germany interfered in yugoslavia , especially in the croatian situation was a pretty well known fact . 
  i understand the need to rationalize having your cake and eating it too , but it 's not going to happen in the real world . 
  you 'll wake up to it eventually . 
  it 's not about ejecting scotland or anyone else , it 's in the treaty and it 's common sense . 
  the idea that scotland should get some kind of special dispensation because it 's scotland is what annoys me . 
  they are n't some kind of special snowflake , scotland should have to follow the rules just like anyone else . 
  i 've had enough with the special snowflake called the uk . 
  they are only eu citizens as part of the uk , once they stop being part of the uk they stop being part of the eu . 
  it 's pretty simple and also , it 's established law in the eu treaties . 
  the idea that what 's written in the treaty will be ignored just because , is wishful thinking . 
  there would n't be a reason to stop entry into the un , it 's basically meaningless anyway , but as far as i can tell the argument for scotland being in the eu goes something like `` well , there 's no precedent for it , as such it 's impossible for scotland to be kicked out no matter what '' as if the fact that there is n't a precedent for something actually means anything . 
  even from a legal standpoint a precedent means nothing for most countries , only in those that use common law jurisprudence is there such a legal concept , but that 's besides the point , since this is n't a legal issue , it 's a political one . 
  the idea that scotland will negotiate it 's entry to the eu from inside the eu is ludicrous and only wishful thinking of the worst kind would accept such stupidity as a real possibility . 
  scotland will be in for a rude awakening when they realize that they will actually be kicked out of the eu when they split from the uk . 
  right now , as far as i can tell snp 's answers related to the eu are nothing but wishful thinking and lies . 
  spain is n't interested in blocking scotland 's entry , but that is n't to say they or their allies drag out the negotiations for years and years . 
  if scotland thinks it 's going to be a rubber stamp accession into the eu , it 's in for a very rude awakening . 
  not to mention that all the benefits that scotland gets from being part of the uk , will evaporate , which includes the euro exception . 
  ideally i would like them in the eu , but only if they learn to get along and play nice with everyone else , as it currently stands now ... no , i think it would be better for everyone involved if they left the eu . 
  i actually share at least some of the concerns that britain has with the eu , but simply britain has made it absolutely impossible to side with them in an argument , because instead of creating alliances and changing the eu from the inside britain fights tooth and nail of opt-outs , exemptions or threatens vetoes . 
  simply put britain is isolating itself by acting like a petulant child . 
  at this point i 'm well passed caring about britain anymore , i just want them to leave , the sooner the better , because i ca n't take anymore of their constant whining . 
  maybe not per say , but you can divide by something infinitesimally close to zero . 
  woosh ... that went straight over your head , did n't it ? 
  tell us more captain obvious . 
  your assault on freedom of speech is offensive to me , perhaps i should ask the mods to ban you because i see no reason why you should be allowed to spout such hateful comments . 
  if there was some way to rank posts by their quality , which would lead to posts of poor quality to become hidden ... reddit should really implement such a system . 
  just because it 's offensive to you means absolutely nothing to me . 
  where did this notion that you have some kind of right to not be offended come from ? 
  excellent idea , i have a few users that i disagree with also that i want banned . 
  yeah ... that 's not going to happen . 
  all of this was in the treaty poland signed willingly when it joined the eu , nobody forced you to sign it and certainly nobody forced you to accept the billions and billions of eu funds that fuel poland 's economy . 
  now it 's time for poland to make good on the promises it made . 
  yes , please leave . 
  stop threatening and start doing it . 
  get the hell out if that 's what you want . 
  britain leaving the eu is a unilateral decision for britain to make , nobody can stop you . 
  the fact that you have n't left already means either british people are n't nearly as sure as you are , or the british government does n't want it . 
  either way it means zero to me , it 's a problem between you and your government . 
  that is what hollande means , you can either play nice with everyone else or get the hell out . 
  this uk is a special snowflake routine is getting old really really fast . 
  except that norway and switzerland do n't get a vote on eu issues that will actually impact them , why should britain be any different ? 
  out of the eu , means out . 
  if you want to remain in the common market , than you 'll have to pay and suck it up like norway and switzerland do . 
  you 're only a eu citizen because you 're a citizen of the uk , if you 'll no longer be a uk citizen than you certainly ca n't be an eu citizen . 
  that 's not really difficult to understand , is it ? 
  i think he means periods where the price of oil goes up and before going back down . 
  umm ... yeah that 's not how it works . 
  it 's wo n't be a rubber stamp , even if they will finally be allowed to join , it 's still going to take time , a few years at least . 
  you scored 50/50 = 100 % . 
  this beats or equals 100 % of test takers . 
  the average score is 30 . 
  you scored 45/45 = 100 % . 
  this beats or equals 100 % of test takers . 
  the average score is 27 . 
  i did say `` every american i 've ever met '' , not `` all americans shout '' . 
  i 'm sure there are americans that do n't shout/talk loudly , but i 've never talked to one . 
  when talking to someone do n't shout , every american i 've ever met seemed to think a conversation is a competition on who can talk the loudest . 
  i really do n't understand why that is , is there a special need to shout/talk loudly in america ? 
  you know what also hurts consumers ? 
  losing their jobs because their products got hit with a huge trade tariff that killed those exports without an equivalent growth in local sales because the tariffs went unanswered . 
  just like the eu has the right to raise taxes on norwegian exports . 
  the idea that the eu should do nothing is beyond retarded . 
  yeah because times when empires fall are known historically to be really good times to live in . 
  maybe it 's just me but i 'd rather live in boring times . 
  romania was part of the entente in wwi , but that 's neither here nor there since neither the entente or the central powers can claim they were right . 
  wwi had no good and bad , only winners and losers and romania was part of the winners . 
  this delusion you have that romania had a choice when they picked to invade the ussr with germany is only matched by the absurdity that it choose to be ruled from moscow during the cold war . 
  i think it 's time for you to leave this thread and read some history books . 
  as if eurovision needed anymore help turning into a competition for retards . 
  venezuela ? 
  have they solved their toilet paper crises ? 
  yesterday it was 140000 now it 's 160000 , i wonder how much it 's going to be tomorrow . 
  well if they buy a plane ticket for frankfurt they can request asylum in germany . 
  we all know germany does n't turn down syrian asylum seekers . 
  so what if they 're running from a great war in uruguay , are they less deserving then the ones from syria ? 
  what did he post ? 
  when has n't he not ? 
  certainly hope not . 
  so what ? 
  just because tusk is polish that means poland had anything to do with anything ? 
  the president of the ec is elected by the leaders of the eu and could be literally anybody , tusk 's nationality has nothing to do with it . 
  you are grasping at straws because you know you have no argument . 
  since poland is n't in the eurozone , it did n't have much to do with anything about the greek crises , i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  inb4 deletion, 
  good !, 
  what ? 
  / u/dclauzel banned someone ? 
  that never happens ... 
  i doubt that , but even so , so what ? 
  just because you know `` plenty of americans '' means syrians must be the same ? 
   no there is n't because it 's against the constitution . 
  they would have to change the constitution first to make such a law . 
  please stop embarrassing yourself by talking of things you have no idea of and just got a basic clue from wikipedia . 
  there is no article in the romanian constitution that would prevent the romanian parliament from making a law tomorrow that says any asylum seekers will get citizenship . 
  these details are regulated via laws . 
   they probably do n't even know where sweden or were poland are . 
  wow ... just how stupid do you think they are ? 
   cut off their fingers ? 
  something less drastic , burn the surface of the fingers with acid .
