  yes !, 
  a unified body , not some bullshit pick and choose . 
  the eu ca n't and wo n't be able to function like that . 
  if the uk ca n't agree to that , than it can leave . 
  you can discuss it as much as you want , you can even change it . 
  you can leave anytime you want . 
  so basically you want to be able to keep what you like and fuck the rest . 
  got it !, 
  his point was that france is the only one that elects the head of government , which is true . 
  the president of romania and probably portugal also are n't the heads of government , at least in romania the president has actually very little executive power . 
  in france the president is a much more powerful position , almost as much as the us president . 
   i disagree with your last argument . 
  if they prove that the snipers were supported by yanukovych then this would support their legitimacy and even support their arguments against russia in crimea . 
  means very little actually , yanukovych is out and elections will be held in may , that 's where the legitimacy comes from , it 's not based on who fired on who . 
  and as for russia , do n't make me laugh , as if russia cares about legitimacy of anything . 
   not to mention that it is n't the first time we heat the same allegation against the west for supporting radicals . 
  the west did no such thing , if anything the west was much to passive and it was that passivity that allowed things to escalate so far . 
   everyone already suspected the same but when a foreign affairs minister suspects something like that , it is more important than what a redditor suspects . 
  no everyone did not suspect the same , simply because it 's not true . 
  what is true is that parts of the maidan movement were radicals , but you can be sure no western power gave those guys anything . 
  bottom line is ... revolutions are nasty business and most turn a lot more bloody than this one . 
  what 's important now is that free and fair elections be held as soon as possible . 
  the anticorruption prosecutors have been on a roll lately . 
  but that 's not proof either . 
  even ashton disagreed on that point , just because the first order of business was n't the shooters does n't mean they do n't want them arrested . 
  if you did n't hear ukraine got invaded by russia , that might take priority over a criminal investigation , or the fact that ukraine is close to default , that seems important too . 
  there are a great many things more critical right now than chasing ghosts , that will come later . 
  not to jump the gun on this , but where 's the proof ? 
  all the estonian minister said was that there was a doctor that thought it was the same type of bullets in all those that were shot . 
  hardly compelling evidence , given that everybody in the country has the same weapons , that 's not even mentioning the fact that since when are medics experts in weapons and ballistics to make sure assertions ? 
  how dare people from other countries that live in completely different socio-economic conditions not agree with the obvious benefits generated by the socio-economic conditions in my country . 
  are you insane ? 
  joining the eu has been the best thing to happen to romania since probably 1918 . 
  is it at the level or western democracies ? 
  absolutely not , not even close , but it 's light years ahead of where it was even 15 years ago . 
  you talk of things you have no clue about . 
  if they 're not expecting to be payed back than why call it a loan ? 
  or why not just write it down right now ? 
  fact is they are expecting it to be payed back . 
  i 'll accept this type or argument as valid when they forgive those loans , until that time it 's purely myth . 
  key word : loans . 
  i 'll let you figure out why that 's important . 
  oh how the times change , where was this burden sharing sentiment in sweden when greece and cyprus were close to default ? 
  i guess it 's only sharing the burden when sweden wants something . 
  respect is earned , not given , until and unless they earn my respect i 'll treat them based on what they are saying , if they are saying idiotic things i 'll treat them like idiots . 
  please take a look at what they are saying :  any time germany shows spine , it is criticized and comparisons to nazis are drawn . 
  they are comparing economic sanctions with invasion and extermination of entire populations . 
  in their mind the only two possibilities are do nothing or the holocaust . 
  i 'm sure i 'll get over it . 
  i do n't suffer idiots lightly , it 's a curse . 
  the problem is that germany only has spine when it comes to asking its friends and allies to make tough choices so germany wo n't have to . 
  when has germany been tough on russia last time you know ? 
  [ source ] ( http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=rtsvx.rs+basic+chart&amp;t=1d ), 
  from what i 've seen the indexes keep on sliding , most are passed a 12 point drop and the usd and euro are gaining 1.3 % in a single day . 
  the volatility index up by almost 150 % now , seems pretty apt given the situation . 
   i have every faith in the ingenuity our our financial system to make itself attractive to european markets , come what may . 
  arrogant and naive all in one clueless package , impressive . 
   i 'd put that faith to the test , would you ? 
  yes !, 
  leave the eu , prove me wrong !, 
  there 's no way london will be the center of european finance if the uk leaves the eu , simply because the eu can make a law that would severely discourage making such transactions through london . 
   the eu needs the uk ( and we need it ) however the advantage seems to be slightly in the uk favour at the moment so politicians are gunning for treaties weighted in the uk favour . 
  you 're delusional if you think the eu gains more from uk than the uk does by having free access to 500 million people in the eu . 
  the eu is the biggest , most important market in the world bar none and half of uk 's exports are to other eu nations . 
  your clout is nothing but a mirage , the uk needs the eu vastly more than the reverse . 
  stop kidding yourselves . 
  i 've seen this idea repeated by multiple british people and it 's simply not true on the face of it , where is it coming from ? 
  where is this uk self importance coming from ? 
  because the uk wants its cake and eat it too . 
  in a very similar way like switzerland , they really like the free trade of goods and capital , but not so much the one about the people and they 'd rather opt out of that . 
  that 's not going to fly for switzerland and it certainly not going to fly for the uk . 
  +1 for the delivery . 
  absolutely right . 
   it will certainly come down also to who is better at negotiating and what state the uk and eu economies are in . 
  i actually disagree with this , i do n't see any of this being about economics at this point , it 's purely political . 
   i think the `` ever closer union '' eu would n't survive such a phenomenon . 
  the eu itself certainly would , its just a matter of whether the core of hardened federalists could stomach it . 
  the eu has been an `` ever closer union '' since its founding . 
  it 's been a political union for everyone that is n't called uk from the start . 
  no matter how much you wish it were just a free trade area , that was never true , is n't true nor will it ever be true . 
  the eu will be a federal union of some sort or not at all , it will never be just a free trade zone . 
   and euroscepticism has grown substantially in many of the eu nations , which could help these small victories . 
  see that 's one of the reason why i do n't think the uk will gain anything or at best will only be a token is because if the eu gives in and gives cameron whats that might encourage other nations to seek out their own opt-outs and exceptions , because if the uk can why should n't they do also ? 
  the eu would n't survive such a phenomenon and i do n't think they 'll want to open the door to it by setting a precedent . 
  morale hazard and all that . 
  if anyone thinks the uk is magically going to get some sweetheart deal they 're in for a rude awakening . 
  i fail to see how anything the eu or us did that could be even interpreted as economic coercion . 
  i do n't think anyone denies the treaty existing , now if russia still wants to respect the terms is another matter entirely . 
  i do n't think he 'll be able to do that to be honest , transnistria barely works because it 's pretty small , creating similar situation for eastern ukraine would n't be stable i think , eastern ukraine would collapse very soon unless russia will pump it full of money to keep it stable . 
  after yanukovich fell there were very few options left for putin , breaking up ukraine in two probably seems the best one to him at the moment . 
  not unexpected . 
  do n't be absurd . 
   eu were to decide to bailout the ukraine we would be flooded with `` the-eu-destroys-the-ukraine-to-save-its-banks '' rants , like we are hearing them now from greece , portugal et al. 
  such calls are not without merit , most of the money given to greece , portugal , spain or ireland as bailout went to the banks that held that debt initially , which just happened to be mostly from western europe . 
  if the eu really wanted to save ukraine , it would tell the ukrainian government that they will loan it money after it defaults on its current debt . 
  that would help them a lot more than just giving them one more loan to pay back their old loans and kicking the can down the road . 
  well yes , but you 'd also have two ukraines and a possible civil war on your hands also , so you have to take that into account . 
  why not both ? 
  the problem with default is that it freezes you out of the credit markets , meaning your bonds wo n't be worth the paper they are written on . 
  if you ca n't get a loan from the bond market , that means you need to find somebody to give you a direct loan that will overlook your recent default and trust you that you wo n't screw them over too .
