  please send more . 
  at this point anyone that does n't admit that russia is involved at every level in the ukrainian crises is either a putinbot or simply an idiot , and i 'm not in the mood to debate either of those . 
  they 'd probably be better off than they are now . 
  i 'm not implying anything , it 's pretty fucking obvious that that 's the case . 
  all of the above . 
  but really ... where 's the proof ? 
  can i just see the proof ? 
  there are no russian troops in ukrai ... 
  i mean crimea . 
   and did n't ask for the other half . 
  lol is that some kind of a joke ? 
  are you saying they forgot to ask for their gold back ? 
  how fucking clueless are you ? 
  not really ... you can have a pathological lack of empathy and not be greedy and you can also be greedy but still be capable of empathy , especially to those you know . 
  it needs more than capitalism to explain the buying of gold from concentration camp victims and than playing innocent about it . 
  it requires greed and a pathological lack of empathy . 
  switzerland is a country that made its money on the misery of others and has raised selfishness to the rank of state policy . 
  who ? 
  join the nearest resistance group . 
   and do you seriously think ` romania is specially fucked hur hur ' is sane reasoning . 
  specially ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  more fucked than scotland ? 
  absolutely . 
  just because something works in scotland or worked one way in scotland does n't mean it works or works the same way in romania . 
  i think currently we 're on the right track , so i see absolutely no reason to rock the boat in such fundamental way just to experiment . 
  i 'm not sure what 's more naive , the fact that you think competition leads to less corruption , even though big companies are known for monopolistic practices and collusion or the fact that you 're comparing scotland to romania . 
   then i propose we give the vaslui county to moldova . 
  we 're poor enough already without them , why should we keep that backwards county that is about as economically developed as the republic of moldova ? 
  is that a possibility ? 
  oh do n't worry , if such a situation would come about i have no doubt the eu would be consulted , if only because romania 's politicians would try to get the eu to finance some ( most ? ), 
  of the cost . 
  hopefully . 
   why not ? 
  because i do n't believe the local political nobodies are less corrupt than the central ones . 
  at least now there are only a few places the dna needs to keep a close eye on at a central and local level . 
  simply put romania is still way to corrupt for a federal state to function efficiently , maybe i 'll change my mind in 30 years . 
   unless eu is willing to finance this from my tax money , it will ruin romania . 
  absolutely this . 
  unless the eu puts its money where its mouth is , romania ca n't finance such a union by itself . 
   not in a federal state either ? 
  romania is n't a federal state , nor would i like it to be one . 
  besides federal or not would not solve the problem , because the money to bring moldova up to the level the rest of romania is would still have to come from romania 's budget . 
   you 're saying that now , but then everybody is going to freak out if russia starts pulling strings in transnistria and ask eu/nato to intervene in yet another unaligned country . 
  transnistria is a curse and even more than that it 's been under russian control for a very long time . 
  if anything i 'm for wrapping it around russia even more like a lead balloon . 
  the place is a black hole of corruption and poverty . 
  let putin deal with it . 
   this is an example of how we can be proactive rather than reactive in foreign policy . 
  when it comes down to reacting , it 's usually too late already , at least for any rational form of intervention . 
  i 'm so glad to see you 're so proactive about russia now , than i guess you wo n't mind admitting moldova into the eu independently so that moldova can get back on its feet with eu money , not just romanian taxpayers . 
  in the grand scheme of things the cost of moldova 's admission into the eu would be peanuts at an eu level , but if only romania would have to carry the costs than it would break our already weak economy . 
  fuck no !, 
  we 're poor enough already . 
  i think some forced unification with moldova financed by romania would be one of the very few things that will make me move to another country . 
   germany send soldiers on winter exercises in norway armed with broomsticks painted black . 
  while russia is doing this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_pak_fa[1] to be fair that plane crashes do to engine failure a lot of the time , that 's why india is looking to buy another fighter , even though they already have a contract with russia for a version of it . 
   it does n't look like our government has any sort of plan for the situation other than giving it up . 
  well ... serbia could very well end up giving kosovo up , it 's basically another country now and it might be the price serbia pays for eu admittance . 
  i think there was a time that a more pragmatic solution from serbia would have been to request that the northern part of kosovo , which is ethnically serb , to leave the rest of kosovo and unite with serbia , but such a policy was not followed and at this point i do n't think the us & co would accept another partition in the balkans . 
  if serbia had asked for this ten years ago i think it would have been accepted in exchange for serbia recognizing the independence of the rest of kosovo . 
  i did n't say economic liberalism = right wing , i said pnl is supposed to be the free market , pro-business party , both things psd is not . 
  so no , in no way does that alliance make sense in anyway that is ideologically consistent . 
  which to be honest says more about them than it does about us . 
  i guess it might not have been clear from my post , but i did n't mean social liberal in a social policies sense , but in an economic sense . 
  all the examples you gave are of center-left parties with liberal social policies . 
  psd is supposed to be left of center on economic policy and pnl are the free market pro-business party , in any normal country they should n't be in an alliance . 
  unlike those ideologically pure from usl ? 
  probably the only social-liberal party in europe and how about those former pnt members that just joined it ? 
  coposu must be rolling over in his grave . 
  those parties should first look for more members to pay dues and than they 'll have the money . 
  ops name is anarchisto , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  not if it comes with a us type copyright law enforcement . 
  trade agreements are how they were pushing this . 
  it 's not an issues of why the eu would not want scotland , it 's more of an issue that some nations in the eu do n't want what scotland would represent . 
  first and foremost on that list would be spain , but certainly not the only one . 
  scotland 's entry into the eu is by no means certain , let alone that it would happen via some automatic mechanism that would let it avoid the official admittance steps . 
  you have to remember joining the eu requires an unanimous vote and any nation can vote `` no '' for any reason or no reason , that 's the way it was designed . 
   nebraska and maine are the only two states that do not give all of their electoral votes to the winner . 
  they allocate them based on the popular vote . 
  if obama gets 75 % of the vote in maine , then he gets 3 out of the 4 votes . 
  that 's actually incorrect , unless they changed it recently . 
  both maine and nebraska divide their electoral votes based on districts . 
  each district gets an electoral vote and the overall winner of the state gets additionally the remaining electoral votes that were n't distributed via the district method . 
  if memory serves me right i remember that obama actually won 1 electoral vote from nebraska in 2008 , by winning the district that contained omaha . 
  yes , the restrictions were supposed to be lifted this year , but they did n't have to be lifted . 
  the treaties romania and bulgaria signed when they joined the eu said the lifting of the restrictions could be delayed until 2014 , but no more . 
  a new delay in lifting of the restrictions would require a renegotiation of the treaties , which is unlikely to say the least . 
  as the article says it ca n't really delay anymore short of leaving the eu or renegotiating the treaties that the uk signed with romania and bulgaria and it 's impossible for me to see why romania or bulgaria would agree to such a renegotiation . 
  if the uk wants out of the eu it should get out , but it ca n't have its cake and eat it too . 
  well they can take all the offense they want , it still does n't change reality . 
  as for you argument that european refers to eu only , i 'm not sure where you 're from but in my part of europe , that is simply wrong , if for no other reason than that the term european predates the eu by centuries . 
  umm ... eu citizens are europeans by the fact that they live in europe , not because they are in the eu . 
  otherwise you 'll have to explain it to the non-eu europeans how they are n't european . 
  your example of how canadians are n't called americans is n't really valid , since , nobody is referred to as american except the citizens of the usa . 
  if you want to talk about whole populations that are on the american continent you talk about north america or south america or central america . 
  no , it does n't make sense , but you are right it does sound strange , if by strange you mean fucking stupid . 
  seriously ? 
  that 's what bothers you ? 
  some people have that much free time .
