   a study which i read stated that it would take about 3 billions per year from the state budget and they would catch up in about 10 years . 
  without any increased tax or anything of the sort . 
  also , i exaggerated when i said that i 'm prepared to live in poverty . 
  there wo n't be such drastic effects as i depicted . 
  source of this study , because it smells like bullshit . 
  you 'd have to be naive to think it would only cost 3 billion euros per year . 
  we could n't even build a highway to chisinau with that money . 
   also , germany 's case it 's totally different . 
  no , it 's not . 
   first of all , east germany 's population was 16 million , while moldova 's population is 3.5 million . 
  west germany 's population in 1989 was 63 million , while romania 's population right now is 19 million . 
  while the numbers are different , the % s are close enough . 
   so with a population that is 4.5 times smaller and a not very high economic level that moldova needs to reach in order to catch up to romania ( as e. germany needed in order to catch up with w. germany ) , the costs can not even be compared . 
  you 're just talking out of your ass , have you ever been to germany ? 
  east germany specifically to talk like this ? 
  well i have and except berlin , there is no where in east germany right now that is anywhere near the level of west germany . 
  25 years after reunification east germany still has n't caught up to the western part . 
  also you seem to think that the fact that romania is much poorer than west germany is a good thing , because moldova would n't have as much to `` catch up '' , but there are two problems with that absurdity . 
  first if romania is poorer than west germany , it wo n't be able to have the same level of investment that west germany had in east germany , which means that even if that gap is `` smaller '' the length of time would be the same or greater . 
  second problem is that romania wo n't be capable to sustain such a financial burden anywhere in the next 25-30 years without bankrupting itself . 
   i am all for reunification even though it would probably kill romania 's economy in the first 2 or 3 years . 
  i am prepared to live in poverty as long as it takes if that means making sure that our brothers are safe and have enough money to sustain themselves . 
  i 'm one of those that had the chance to go work in the west and did n't , because i do n't think life in romania is as bad as many say , nor is life in the west as good as others think , but if this shit ever happens i 'll be the first one at the border . 
  there is no way i 'm going to spend 20 years paying an extra 20 % tax just so we can funnel money into a black hole named moldova . 
  romania is simply too poor and it 's people too overtaxed for such a thing to be acceptable . 
  you seem to think it 's only going to be bad for `` 2-3 years '' that 's naive or stupid or both . 
  it took germany a decade and 2 trillion marks until growth restarted after their reunification , how long and how much money do you think it would take and cost romania ? 
  i 'm sorry , but no . 
  i think you 're confusing the eu with the eurozone . 
  greece did n't lie to get into the eu , but it did lie to get into the ez . 
  they cooked the books big time , but on the other hand so did most of the other countries in the ez , just not as much as greece did . 
  about time . 
   and what if one country does n't pay ? 
  do the rest foot the bill or do they get cut off ? 
  gas purchases are done in a pre-pay system for most eu countries , there 's no reason that ca n't be kept to prevent exactly this problem . 
   the idea is n't bad , but what to do when the smaller economies ca n't pay their share ? 
  there would n't be `` their share '' , it would be just what they already payed for . 
  an energy union would just let the eu purchase gas at cheaper prices , because it would be able to negotiate better do to its size , but that would be where it ends . 
  once the general conditions of the contract are negotiated it 's up to the individual states to make their purchases based on those conditions . 
  well played sir !, 
  romania wo n't join the ez earlier than 2020 , if at that . 
  personally i 'm against joining until the structural problems of the eurozone are fixed . 
   i 'm pretty sure that what sent most of southern europe close to default is gross fiscal irresponsibility and not the fact that they use the euro currency . 
  the economic crises was fiscal irresponsibility , the currency and default and internal devaluation were because of the euro . 
   we actually have a pretty good example of a country that had similar issues a while ago , argentina . 
  they had their own currency yet they still defaulted on their debt , and over a decade later they still have issues trying to regain creditor trust . 
  argentina 's situation is in no way similar to what happened in the eurozone the fact that you do n't know or understand that tell me you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  which is why i 'm going to put an end to this conversation . 
   romania also is n't in the position greece or spain are in , both debt and budgetary deficit wise . 
  no , romania would have been way worse if it was in ez . 
  romania almost defaulted on its debt as it is , there would have been no way to avoid it if were really used the euro back in 2010 . 
   all of our big trade partners use the euro and the stability that currency brings would be beneficial to the romanian economy since the ron does tend to fluctuate quite a bit . 
  using the euro sent almost all of southern europe into default because of the faulty way the eurozone is constructed . 
   by the time romania is able to join , the eurozone would probably be out of recession maybe , but that 's not really that important . 
   working towards a closer fiscal union . 
  they are always working towards , working towards something does n't mean achieving it . 
  until a fiscal union exists the euro is a death trap for the weaker economies that use it and a subsidy to the strong ones . 
   i think being part of the eurozone by 2018 is pretty achievable , recent quarter over 5 % gdp growth is encouraging too . 
  achievable ? 
  maybe . 
  should we do it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the euro is still a very flawed currency , not as bad as it used to , but still it needs a lot of work before one can call it fully functional . 
  until such time as a full fiscal union is agreed , i 'm not in favor of adopting the euro . 
  as if the ukip would let something as unimportant as facts get in the way of a good story . 
  i disagree , the megathread was impossible to follow . 
   you are exactly what 's wrong with this sub . 
  go cry to somebody that cares . 
   downvoting for no obvious reason besides `` lel srs downvote '' ... great using srs to argue anything is automatic downvote . 
  using a circlejeck troll subreddit to argue your points is a big no-no for me . 
  i have no idea where you came to the conclusion that i 'm for removing the downvote button . 
  nowhere in any of my previous posts have i made such a claim . 
  more importanly , i actually pointed out that such a thing would have very little/any actual impact on voting patterns . 
   well , i can understand that , they are a `` bit '' over the top . 
  well are n't you captain obvious today . 
   still , they bring up some terrible shit that 's posted on the default subs and frequently upvoted . 
  no , what they bring up 90 % of the time are jokes , jokes tend to be upvoted because they are funny , even if politically incorrect . 
  they are n't some social warriors fighting the good fight , they are self important noname idiots whos opinion matters so little they had to make a separate subreddit and call it a circlejerk just so they can ban anyone from it that strays from the hivemind . 
  i was with up until the point you brought up srs , anyone that takes anything those trolls do seriously , deserves to be mocked . 
  you ruined a perfectly good post . 
  than what 's the point ? 
  you think that if you make it smaller and add a label to it , it 's going to have any influence ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  and how often do you think is to much for such a toxic thread ? 
  should we start a tradition to remake this meta thread once a month ? 
  4 months old is new enough to be relevant , even more so since the last one was about the ukrainian crises also . 
  if it was at least a year old , you might have a leg to stand one , as it stands you do n't . 
  you think we need one of these toxic threads every month or what ? 
  4 months is new enough , if it were 1 year old , you might have an argument , as it stands you just look like an idiot . 
  if you do that , you might as well remove all other css from this subreddit , because everybody is going to uncheck `` use subreddit style '' . 
  no , the reason you get downvoted is because you 're an asshole . 
   hey now , i think that 's me you last had this discussion with and i do n't think i sounded anything like that !, 
  you did n't , the reason he might think that was because all his arguments limited themselves to whataboutisms about us and nato . 
  if that 's all you know and can argue , anyone debating against you will seem like an anti-russian cold war warrior . 
  you mean like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rd3t3/meta_the_downvote_culture_in_reurope/ ) ? 
  you did n't look very hard did you ? 
  this thread again !, 
  downvoted for meta bullshit . 
  because it 's in their interest not to have ukraine under russia 's thumb ? 
  that certainly ca n't be it , there 's no way the us would agree to such a thing .
