  i did actually , it was a really good speech i thought . 
   and therefore the scottish citizens are eu citizens and have been following eu law for decades already . 
  scots were citizens of the eu only as far as they were citizens of the uk , once that stops being true , so is their eu citizenship . 
   what `` danger '' ? 
  the scots have been eu citizens for so long already . 
  throwing them out and causing a bureaucratic mess and economic disruption , that would be dangerously irresponsible . 
  it 's not a backdoor either , because everything will have been negotiated and agreed upon beforehand . 
  no , it wo n't be negotiated beforehand , you truly have no fucking clue about international politics do you ? 
  the idea that scotland would negotiate its accession to the eu from within , was a nonstarter as far as any eu member state , only the snp peddled such blatant lies . 
  that was never true , nor did it have any chance of being true . 
   besides , we 've had a much worse precedent in the form of east germany joining west germany . 
  really , do you prefer that a scottish village declares itself independent pro forma , jumps through the administrative hoops you want them to jump through , and then the rest of scotland joins them when that 's finished ? 
  i think you 'll find such an exercise to be anything but a `` pro forma '' , like i said you have no fucking clue . 
  do you actually think an independent scottish village would be let into the eu and than it would annex the rest of scotland and tadah !, 
  are you out of your fucking mind ? 
   now we 're closer to the truth . 
  it 's in no way dangerous , it 's politically unconvenient for some political parties in some other member states . 
  it 's not for political parties , it 's dangerous for nation states , the same nation states that you need to convince not to veto you . 
  such a backdoor of the accession process would simply not be accepted by the other eu members . 
   not at all , since it hinges on the permission and cooperation of the original entity . 
  with that condition diehard unionists can stubbornly keep their regions in their cage for as long as they wish . 
  until they 're fed up enough to be willing to bear a couple years outside the eu , of course . 
  they can bear as many years outside the eu as they want , who stopped them ? 
   it is the fact that the president is n't elected directly by the people . 
  this is the exact reason that president is n't elected by majority vote . 
  the reason the us system is the way it is , is because it was developed a fuckton years ago , and it was considered back than that logistically it would be much more difficult to have a direct election , as such they created the elector system . 
  the us system is nothing more than a relic from a time passed , not some revolutionary way of electing leaders . 
  as a matter of fact all current eu members are democracies , but only some of them are republics . 
  the us does not have a monopoly on the term republic . 
  also see the fucking [ definition ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/republic ) . 
  no , scotland is n't a member of the eu , the uk is a member of the eu . 
  the idea that scotland would get `` continued '' membership to the eu once independent is not only against the current treaties of the eu , but it 's an incredibly dangerous precedent of backdooring the accession process , a precedent that many countries do n't want to see happen . 
  as such the idea of `` continued '' membership would be met with a very brief , but firm veto from several eu members . 
  because in that case the ruk would be on the hook for any debts iscotland had . 
  additionally it would force the ruk to give iscotland voting right in the board of the bank of england , as such there might come a time that ruk and iscotland monetary policy would diverge , which would create severe problems . 
  see the eurozone crises for some examples of what those problems might be . 
   well , the point of it is that it is n't a democracy . 
  it is a republic . 
  holy shit , i had a better opinion of you . 
  the usa is a democratic republic , in the same fashion that france is a democratic republic . 
  the idea that the usa is a `` republic '' and not a `` democracy '' is nonsensical . 
  a republic just means that the head of state , in the usa 's case that 's the president is elected , unlike a monarchy where the king or queen is a hereditary title . 
  the uk for example is a also a democracy , but it 's not a republic , it 's a monarchy . 
   continued eu membership deal . 
  lol `` continued '' , is that myth still present ? 
  they 'd have to join the eu first and than at least 2 years of monetary stability before moving to the euro is even a possibility . 
   that is kind of a key distinction , no ? 
  mobs are n't big fans of procedure . 
  on the other hand , elections are pretty much pure mob rule . 
   hell , in the usa , there have been presidents elected that actually had less people vote for them . 
  if i were you i would n't use the usa 's elector dysfunction to brag . 
  the fact that presidents were elected while receiving less votes than their opponents is not something to be proud of , nor is it `` democracy '' . 
   democracy is n't mob rule either . 
  well , actually ... yes it is . 
  in very direct ways it is mob rule , it 's just that in most democracies there are mechanisms that prevent the majority from exploiting the minority . 
   they cant really deal in absolutes . 
  what an absurd notion , in the matter of what currency you are going to use after independence there is no middle ground really . 
  london said quite clearly that there will be no currency union . 
  as such the option left for snp were quite few , make a new currency pegged to the pound , make a new currency and float it , use the pound without a currency union or use the euro without being in the eurozone . 
  the snp failed to give an answer either way . 
  not everything is relative . 
   yes but then again , the number of people in glasgow who voted yes is larger than the number of people in edinburgh who voted no . 
  what an absurd metric , you 're really pulling at straws now . 
  also by the way the difference is actually only 141 votes , which seeing as glasgow has about 100k more population is nothing . 
  so even your absurd argument is actually no argument . 
   but by pointing this out in your argument you seem to imply that those who did n't go vote in glasgow thus belong to the no side . 
  in effect that is what they did , since pro-independence was much stronger in glasgow , every person that did n't vote from there was an indirect vote for the status quo . 
  that 's how democracy works most of the time , every election almost half the country is upset , why should this be any different ? 
  did i miss a memo that said it was westminster 's job to do the snp any favors ? 
   the point is , i do n't think you can blame snp for acting the way they did . 
  you absolutely can , it 's not london 's job to do the snp 's job . 
  that said i would argue that london has n't made it clear about the currency , from what i know they were pretty clear that there would be no currency union with iscotland . 
  that 's as far as london can take it on that issue . 
  technically true , however turnout was higher in edinburgh and the no vote won by a much larger % than yes won in glasgow . 
  so even though there were 50k more overall voters in glasgow , the yes vote only won by 25k votes , while in edinburgh the no vote won by some 70k . 
  results for edinburgh just came in , no won with 61 % . 
  stick a fork in it . 
   i think currency was the key uncertainty absolutely , the idea that ruk would give iscotland a currency union was always fantasy land , which left the question of what they 'll do , and the snp failed to answer that because they knew if they told the truth it would hurt their position . 
   but hopefully it gives the spanish government some confidence to allow the referendum in catalonia . 
  lol , yeah that 's going to happen . 
  it 's probably dead for at least 20-25 years , that said i expect that the national government wo n't underestimate the scots next time , i think the scottish nationalists will have a much harder time getting london to accept and recognize a new referendum . 
  pretty much as expected ; from what i 've seen the snp failed time and time again to answer questions about what would happen after independence , all they said is that `` it 's going to work out '' and that scotland will be one of the richest countries in the world . 
  glad to see that scots recognize the utter bullshit peddled here . 
  i would say that ever before that russia was different from other european powers at that time , and while it 's true that the tsars were much more western , they were the only ones . 
  quite a few times russian tsars tried to pull russia culturally west and failed . 
  even if what you say were true however , it still would n't mean i am wrong , just because russian `` uneuropeanness '' might be a historically new phenomenon , does not make it any less true . 
   substantial part of population share european values clearly not substantial enough , which means that a bigger/most of the population does not share european values , i do n't see where i was wrong . 
  i never claimed that every single russian citizen does n't share european values , just that taken as a whole russia does not have a european culture . 
   europe is not what it used to be i think you mistake russia with europe . 
  russia is only partially in europe and even there just geographically . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to say that russia has never been culturally european , they themselves claim this . 
  if scotland wo n't take their share of the debt they wo n't get ** any ** of the assets either , and i do n't just mean those from the boe . 
  the idea that scotland wo n't take their debt is like a sheep and two wolves voting on what to have for dinner . 
  the rouble is toast this should rhyme , but it does not !, 
  english is at fault . 
  ... haiku anyone ? 
  it dropped about 15 % since the crises started and what 's worse is that the fall is probably not over yet . 
  that 's an interesting question , one which assumes there is a russian manufacturing . 
  italian is in first place followed by french and greek fighting for second . 
  very nice .
