  are you some kind of troll or simply brain dead ? 
  just because you might not agree with what i say that in no way means what i said is not fair , on topic or reasonable . 
   you really do have an irrational hatred of great britain . 
  your comments are frankly , ridiculous . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you know nothing about my views on great britain or anything else i 'm willing to bet . 
  which of my comments do you find `` ridiculous '' and why ? 
   why do we have to be `` thrown out '' ? 
  you can call it what you want , but it 's still going to be what it is . 
   let 's just have an amicable divorce and remain on good terms . 
  amusing . 
  the uk ca n't stay on good terms with the eu now , what makes you think that will change when the uk leaves ? 
  i see i 've been downvoted throughout this thread just for not being pro-eu . 
  are people on here really so opposed to debate they do n't want to even hear the other side ? 
  i 've downvoted you for making the very common british euroskeptic mistake of saying that having a fta with the eu is pretty much the same thing as having access to the single market . 
  nothing could be further from the truth if you tried . 
  does that answer you question ? 
   should they pay ? 
  yes . 
   will they pay ? 
  absolutely . 
   consequences if they do n't pay ? 
  fines , then fines to the fines and than all of that will be charged to the rebate , but it 's never going to get that far because cameron will pay the money , at most all he 'll get is a postponement until like march or april or whatever . 
   how do you mean ? 
  a hand full of eu members have various opt-puts . 
  of which the uk already has the most , but that 's besides the point . 
  if the uk tries to get around the free movement of people it will find itself outside the eu , there 's no question about it . 
  you wo n't be thrown out because you 're the `` slowest '' , whatever that means in this context , you 'll get thrown out because it 's obvious your ideology and attitude towards the eu goes head to head with that of the other 27 countries and more importantly that makes the uk act in ways that hurts the other 27 countries . 
  if the uk is really that unhappy with the eu than clearly it should n't be in the eu . 
   blair decided against adoption of the euro even though we were eligible . 
  do you actually think before posting ? 
  the uk left the erm , as such , it was n't eligible for the euro . 
  unless british people realize that the eu is n't an a la carte union and quick , they are going to be shown the door very soon . 
  the problem is that romania does n't have 20 million either , many have moved to the west . 
  there 's probably like 18 million left in the country . 
  the ratios are pretty similar , not equal , but close enough to make a comparison . 
  the economic situation is not , romania is a lot weaker than west germany was . 
  simply put romania ca n't afford to finance such a political goal , at least not now or in the near future . 
   with east germany it was more complicated , because it was more populous . 
  but so was west germany many times more populated than east germany . 
  the ratios are pretty even actually . 
  west germany was in a far stronger economic position in 1989 to support such an union than romania is at this point . 
  a union with moldova at this point would very likely bankrupt romania . 
  service in the us is incredibly annoying and stupid , every waiter wants to know how i 'm doing and wants to be my friend . 
  i do n't need anymore friends and if i were n't doing fine , you 'd already fucking know it , stop asking !, 
  the pestering , aggressive , overly fake friendly service is n't good , it denotes that the waiter ca n't tell when he 's wanted and when he is n't . 
  which is something i think is probably the most important part of his job . 
   what exactly are you looking at ? 
  there 's literally nothing quantifiable about the eu that you could call great . 
  holy shit !, 
  how far up your fucking ass did you have your head shoved that you 'd think that statement is anything but the most absolute bullshit ? 
   however , in terms of the renegotiation , everything is on the table , including re-writing the rules of the single market . 
  you 'll be talking to an empty room about that , because nobody else in the eu is going to even contemplate the possibility of such a change . 
  am i the only one that finds it funny that orban has been on a warpath against democracy for a long time now and the hungarian people had nothing to say about it , but when he introduces an internet tax that 's the straw that breaks the camels back . 
  you do `` owe '' it , it 's part of the cost of membership to the eu . 
  if the uk does n't want to pay it 's membership fees any longer it 's free to leave the eu , but as long as it stays in , it must pay its fee , the whole thing . 
   the eu is privileged to have the uk ( a net contributor ) as a part of it . 
  so altruism , much impressed , wow, 
  so the fact that the uk 's government is incompetent is the eu 's fault ? 
  the uk was warned that extra fees are likely as far back as january from what i 've read , the fact that the treasury apparently is n't capable of doing simple math is n't an excuse . 
  did anyone expect something different ? 
  when you owe money you pay penalties when you 're late with repayment . 
   i do n't belive that this would work . 
  history teaches another lesson . 
  i have a hard time believing you have an eu analog at any point in history to draw a comparison . 
  the eu is historically unique , as such saying history teaches something else is not only irrelevant but also completely misses the very goal of the eu . 
   since this forum is full of neo-keynesianists there is some urgent need that these arguments are questioned . 
  this forum is hardly full of neo-anythings . 
   so you only want to discuss with people having the same ideology like you ? 
  no , i like to discuss with people that can actually think for themselves , you 've already proven that your ideological position is pretty much set in stone , as such discussing with you any more would be an exercise in futility . 
   like in the good old communist times ? 
  you know nothing jon snow . 
   just germany has to get off its ass ? 
  once germany does , the rest will follow , nothing can be done before germany wakes up . 
   do you think there can be a fiscal union without a politicial union ? 
  there will have to , because currently the ez is a time bomb waiting a detonation . 
   and do you see all eurozone countries accepting a politicial union ? 
  eventually , yes . 
  edit : i 've looked over your posting history , all three pages of it and one thing is obvious , you have a blatant ideological bias in all your posts , i 'm not going to indulge you anymore since it 's clear that you 're not able to differentiate your views from milton friedman . 
  i 'm not sure where you 're getting the `` want '' part . 
  while it 's true that there 's no anti-euro movement in romania there 's also no pro-euro movement either . 
  we 'll join because that was part of the deal we signed when we joined the eu , however i would n't expect romania so soon in the ez . 
  in 2007 it was estimated we 'd join in 2016 , in 2012 that was postponed to 2019 , we 'll be in 2015 soon and the chance of another delay are very high . 
  i do n't expect that romania is actually going to join the euro before 2025 to be honest . 
  personally i 'm against joining the euro currently , specifically because the ez is faulty , as the crises showed you ca n't have a currency union without a fiscal union , as such i want romania to delay joining the ez until germany gets off its ass and admits there 's a problem and fixes it . 
  you have a very simplistic and warped vision of the eurozone . 
   it 's a myth that germany preferes a weaker currency . 
  it 's no myth , it 's clear as day that germany benefits from having an undervalued currency . 
  yours is an absurd statement to make . 
  the undervalued currency made their exports much cheaper than they should have been . 
  historical precedent and reason is not no evidence , but clearly you 're not bright enough to understand that , but you 're right about something , you 're done here . 
   he only assumed the canada and korea free trade agreements would be preferential to the eu he assumes that because that 's the reasonable position to take . 
  in trade negotiations the party with the bigger market has more leverage to ask for concessions . 
  the only fta treaty that eu enters on parity with the other side , is the one with the usa . 
  if you think i 'm going to waste god knows how many hours to prove to you something as obscure as `` eu-korea fta being preferential to the eu '' you are out of your fucking mind . 
  / u/mrstevens1 made an excellent post exactly about this in reply to another one of your posts . 
   if the eu simply agreed to do slowly filter in freedom of movement for new countries then that may be enough . 
  such provisions already exist , eu member states have the right to apply restrictions on free movement of people up to 7 years to new eu members . 
  romania and bulgaria which joined in 2007 , had restrictions in the uk right up to january 1st 2014 . 
  i understand that you do n't understand the difference between the single market and an fta , that 's all i get from your post .
