  are you kidding me ? 
  you called me delusional for stating historical facts and now you have the gall to tell me to be more constructive ? 
  is this some kind of a joke ? 
   i didnt really expected you to feel the unjust that happened with the treaty just because you feel it was unjust , does not actually mean it was . 
   post ww1 revolutionary hungary was a special place in europe . 
  stating romanians alone drew its borders still counts as a delusion . 
  that 's not what i said , but the fact that that 's what you understood is telling . 
  what i said is that the borders at trianon were a direct consequence of reality on the ground given the fact that hungary was at that time an occupied country and the fact that the entente actually promised romania all the territory up to the tisza river . 
  you can actually thank france and britain for the fact that romania did n't actually annex all of that . 
  there is nothing that i said that is n't historical fact , it 's a fact that hungary lost the war and that romania was occupying hungary all the way to budapest . 
   and i know that you love your hungarians , and almost gave autonomy to them . 
  on a land where they lived for centuries . 
  nothing could be better . 
  i still care . 
  oh boo hoo cry me a fucking river . 
   i was trying to emulate your butthurt . 
  i 've got nothing to be butthurt about , i live in romania and so do you . 
  enjoy !, 
   so i would love to hear what do you think to be factually incorrect about what he said . 
  there 's nothing factually incorrect in what i said , which is why he ca n't make any counterargument . 
  from what i 've seen hungarians have this narrative that they were wronged by the great powers \u2122 at trianon as punishment for being on the losing side of ww1 , when in reality that treaty had more to do with the hungarian socialist republic of bela kun and the hungarian-romanian war of 1919 than anything else . 
  i sense much butthurt in your post . 
  italy had no influence in the area , only for france such a case could be made at most , but i 'm doubtful even about that . 
  since france was dealing with the russian civil war at the time and needed romanian cooperation in that . 
  there 's no way that the romanian politicians of that time would have given up control of the arad-oradea-satu mare line post 1919 . 
  if they did it would be a strategic mistake of untold proportions and pure political malpractice . 
  did it suck for the hungarians caught in the buffer zone ? 
  absolutely !, 
  should have the romanian politicians of that time cared about that ? 
  absolutely not !, 
  which part of what i said is untrue exactly ? 
  also `` delusionists '' ? 
  maybe pick up a dictionary before posting again . 
  as it happens france had very little to do with trianon , in fact no great power had much to do with it . 
  the borders drawn by trianon were first and foremost a result of the hungarian-romanian war of 1919 . 
  if anything it 's thanks to france and britain that hungary did n't actually lose even more border areas to romania , it was political pressure from those countries that caused romania to accept the current borders even though the romanian army was in full control of hungary , including budapest . 
  those are a lot of words you used there and all of them tell me you do n't have the first clue about macroeconomics . 
   i wo n't be impressed unless we reach 2007-2008 levels of growth ( 7-8 % ) . 
  yea that sounds good to me !, 
  lets have another credit and housing bubble , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  i 'll take 3-4 % of real growth over 7-8 % created by speculation any fucking day . 
  on one hand it 's bad that we have so many , on the other hand at least it shows the criminals are investigated and prosecuted . 
  as long as all the numbers for all the countries are in the same currency , be that euros , pounds or dollars , the exchange rate is irrelevant as such the graph is valid , which is why they do n't even need to say in which currency is it . 
  the exchange rate would be the same for all of them , as such the comparison would be the same . 
  regardless there is no reason to assume the numbers are in anything but euros , since there are three ez countries . 
  you 're just arguing this shit because you do n't actually have an intelligent argument to make otherwise . 
  not only are you ignorant , but you 're an idiot as well . 
  as long as all the graphs for all three countries are in the same currency , regardless of what that is , it does n't fucking matter what the currency is . 
   usual tripe from the economist . 
  no description of which currency the gdp is measured in - if dollars or pounds then this is misleading . 
  only makes sense in euros . 
  hmm there are 3 eurozone countries on that graph and you 're wondering in what currency the data is in ? 
  way to completely fucking miss the point . 
  the witch is dead !, 
  those are two separate paragraphs that talk about mostly two separate ideas . 
  the fact that napoleon invaded russia does not mean that russia does n't have an extremely imperialistic past or to be perfectly honest present . 
   seriously ? 
  i mean using an example of the time we were the victim , and victim-shaming ? 
  is these a more perfect example of the misplaced russian victim complex than this sentence ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  aww it is time for the `` i was being sarcastic ! '', 
  post ? 
   yeah him being right in front of it with his army had nothing to do with it , it was just the russians wanting to throw an epic firework display . 
  he did n't burn it himself but he was the reason why it had to be burned . 
  they burned it so that napoleon would n't take it and use it for his army in their scorched earth strategy . 
  nobody forced them to do it and napoleon almost certainly would n't have burned it himself . 
   it is today that is what he means probably , what does it matter ? 
  it matters because one is true and the other is n't . 
   when baguettes , leading the army of bums from all over the europe , come and burn our capital city perfect example of why the russian people and their culture are actually very much part of the problem . 
  russians burned down moscow themselves , napoleon had nothing to do with it , nor was the city the capital at that time . 
  not only are you ignorant of actual historical facts of your own country , but you relay on made up facts to play the eternal victim and nobody has as much of a victim complex on such a grand scale as the russian people . 
  which is ironic since historically russia has been extremely imperialistic . 
  i have n't seen so much bullshit and wishful thinking in one post in a long time . 
  letting in economic migrants by the boat load is not enlightened self-interest , helping their countries better themselves is . 
  i 'm all for helping those poor african countries , what i 'm not for is this western guilt that dictates we should let in every guy that had 5000 euros for a boat ticket . 
   belgium ran by far the most brutal of all the colonial empires actually the belgium congo was not really belgian , it was a personal possession of king leopold , the belgian state had almost nothing to do with it . 
   portugal and spain had been in africa for centuries before the british and french and were mainly responsible for the slave trade their presence was extremely limited and whatever presence they did have was more trading stops than actual colonies . 
  the colonization of africa started much later and by that time portuguese , dutch and spanish power was nothing more than a memory . 
   the dutch were responsible for south africa until the british took it over , the boers were as responsible for apartheid and the state of south africa as white british settlers . 
  when the british took over the cape colony it was barely a colony , everything that happened there happened under british power or when south africa was an independent state . 
   every major western european nation had a big part in fucking africa up . 
  that 's bullshit , while most western nations did have some share of the blame , uk and france are by far the ones most guilty of it . 
  no other countries can ever hope to come close . 
  i 'm sorry but where the fuck does this illusion that europe stands or should stand for anything more than the well being of its citizens ? 
  the uk and france colonized like 90 % of africa , the rest were there just enough so they could say they have an empire . 
  in that case the uk should take all these immigrants . 
  what a disgusting piece of misinformation and propaganda . 
  the sad part is that most russians are brainwashed so much they might actually believe this bullshit . 
   they have more downsides ( from an uk perspective ) . 
  iceland , liechtenstein , norway and switzerland all agreed to freedom of movement . 
  as an eu citizen you can work in any of these countries and vice versa . 
   uk does n't even want that . 
  absolutely !, 
  that was my point . 
  even more than that the fee norway pays to the eu is actually equal to what norway would pay if it was an eu member , so they are n't even getting off cheaper on that side . 
   that 's what i stated in the sentence , they 're subject to eu laws concerning the single market but not others . 
  which represent like 90 % of all laws coming out of brussels . 
  you 're making it sound like the laws concerning the single market are few and far between when in reality they are most laws and regulations from brussels . 
   norway/switzerland etc are part if the internal market without being subject to other eu laws not concerning the internal market . 
  you are wrong , all the regulations that are coming out of brussels concerning the single market impact both switzerland and norway , but even more than that they do n't get a vote on what those regulations are , they just implement them .
