  reunification between romania and moldova i hope does n't happen , it would be a massive financial burden on romania , one which it simply ca n't afford . 
  i 'm not sure about cyprus , i 'm not informed enough about the situation there to make an educated guess . 
  do n't you know that the downvote arrow is the `` i disagree '' button on reddit ? 
  nothing new here ... 
  a more likely reason would be to promote higher birth rates , giving money for children makes raising children easier , making people more likely to have children . 
   this money is not given out without purpose , or in recompense for paying tax , it is , as i say , an investment made by everyone within the society in citizens and potential future citizens of the country . 
  that 's your perception , and while it 's your right to feel like that it does n't make it true or even the only possibility . 
  agreed , when i read that part i was thinking they should take away the kids , since surely this must qualify as some form of child abuse . 
   that 's not even certain : one could say that the catalan state has been mandated as the legal successort of the spanish state by its people , and therefore , all treaties continue to apply absurd and false , not to mention that what its people mandate is irrelevant . 
  catalonia could n't be a successor state of spain since spain would still exist . 
   if the spanish try to block that , catalonia will kindly remember them that that means they 're also no longer liable to repay their debts . 
  again , not only absurd but also incredibly naive . 
  see my post below on why you are very wrong . 
  the problem is that the individuals that claim these benefits for their children actually do work and pay taxes in the uk , so why should n't they get to claim the same benefits as everyone else ? 
  the money they make working in the uk goes towards raising their children , regardless of where those children are living currently . 
  you might have a point if these people were n't paying social taxes like everyone else in the uk , but they are and as long as they are paying the same taxes as everyone else they have the right to claim the same benefits as everyone else . 
  also , as somebody already pointed out it 's cheaper for the uk to give children benefits for children that are out of the country than it would be if they were in the uk , where they 'd use other social functions also . 
   but aside from the debt , there 's the structural issue caused by the euro , where their productivity is suppressed by it . 
  and i think that part would be solved by having their own currency . 
  that part i agree with completely . 
  should catalonia become independent i think they clearly should use their own currency and not use the euro . 
  if they 'd stick with the euro as a not ez country , they 'd have even less control on monetary policy than spain has now , which is hard to believe that it would even be possible . 
  i 'm not completely sure that would work , since their share of spanish debt is denominated in euros , as such even if they have their own currency to devalue , they 'd still have to pay back the debt in euros . 
  pretty sure that 's how it would work , am i mistaken ? 
  would they be able to convert their euro debt into their new currency and inflate it away ? 
  should such a precedent be set with catalonia , the scenario you describe could become reality , which is why i said that the international community would never let such a thing happen . 
   should spain play nice and let catalonia join the eu without problems , the catalans could agree to pay about 20 % or more of the debt . 
  should spain not play nice ... oh well . 
  that 's not really how it will probably go , spain could very well refuse to recognize it as an independent state if catalonia refuses to pay it 's share of the debt . 
  joining any organization spain is a member of will be instantly impossible is that happens , nor do i think the international community would look kindly at such an attempt to get out of paying your share of the debt , since it would create a very dangerous precedent that no country would want set . 
  absolutely correct , but i was only answering / u/pwnzerfaust at the most basic level i could since he already mentioned he has little economic knowledge . 
  because low inflation can very easily in the current economic climate go into deflation which is pretty much the worst economic phenomenon you can be in . 
  but ... but ... but wo n't somebody think of the children ? 
  this map is kind of bullshit , there are so many things off on it it 's not even worth wasting the time . 
  umm ... no . 
  you are beyond delusional . 
  i do n't think you quite understand your position , if catalonia becomes independent it will be out of the eu . 
  if you think the eu will interfere in the internal affairs of a member state like you are asking , you are out of your mind . 
  or you 'll what ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
   having already been in the eu they already comply with eu standards and regulations . 
  not necessarily , maybe they do maybe they do n't . 
   they already inherit a stable economy , free market , rule of law , respect for eu institutions and human rights . 
  they will also inherit a very large portion of spanish debt , much more than eu accession requirements permit . 
   debatably catalonia also has the economic requirement to keep the euro . 
  really ? 
  you think catalonia respects the eurozone requirements in this current form ? 
  are you fucking out of your mind ? 
  if spain were to try to join the eurozone in their current shape they could n't because they do n't meet the fucking requirements . 
  i 'm starting to think you have no clue about the topic you 're debating . 
  i disagree completely , just because they are part of a country that is in the eu now , does n't mean if they are independent they meet the accession requirements . 
  they 'll have to go through the normal accession process like everyone else . 
  they are new countries as such they would be new members , there is absolutely no question of this . 
  the commision already made that point clear about scotland . 
   but they should create the legal framework for re-admittance of separatist regions , just in case . 
  they really ca n't do that , that you impinge on all of the nation states right to veto any new members , none of the current eu nations would agree with such a legal framework . 
  it 's basically a nonstarter . 
  while that is true , it 's also true that only one of those groups donate money to cameron 's party . 
  i wonder which group that is ... 
  romania and bulgaria are not part of schengen as such any time spent inside any one of those countries will not be counted as time spent in schengen area . 
  there 's zero chance the uk economy will pass the german or french ones , uk will be lucky to hold its third place by 2030 , but if the uk leaves the eu that will almost certainly not happen either . 
   i get your point but it 's not anywhere as ridiculous and unfounded as your making it out to be . 
  yes , it is . 
  in other news : romania could be europe 's largest economy by 2030 . 
   you are just being insulting i 'm showing you the respect you deserve . 
   should n't the eu have the answers to my questions before going forward ? 
  do n't i deserve that ? 
  by the way you write your bullshit nonsense , no you do n't deserve that . 
  you do n't have even the slightest clue about economics , you 're under some delusion that in an economic union all countries can be as competitive and efficient as everyone else . 
  by any measure i can compare you to , i ca n't escape the conclusion that you 're nothing but a fucking moron . 
  nobody 's forcing you to pay that . 
  i 'm going to quote myself from a different thread . 
   he should make a list of proposals he is n't trying to block , it would be a much shorter list . 
  he should make a list of proposals he is n't trying to block , it would be a much shorter list . 
  there would have to be something very valuable on the moon to be worth mining , because the cost or mining it and bringing it back to earth to be used would be extremely high . 
   but you ca n't change it for yourself . 
  you absolutely can , or at least most people can , you might just be a special kind of weak willed person that ca n't . 
   please explain to me how you can consciously change your beliefs . 
  you start of by acting like you do and than internalize the new belief , in a pretty short time you 'll notice that you actually do believe your new belief . 
  this idea that you have no control over what you believe is probably one of the biggest pieces of bullshit i 've heard in a long time . 
   no one chooses their beliefs . 
  i think you need to reread what you wrote and than do it again until you understand the enormity of stupidity you just displayed . 
  like the british media would ever let something like facts and reality get in the way of a good story . 
  why yes ... 
  i will read your random german article for no reason . 
  those are some nice ... words . 
  i think you should grab a history book again , because it seems `` as far as i know '' for you does n't mean very far at all . 
  because they are hypocrites , it 's that kind of attitude that makes the eu seem like a joke most of the time . 
  yes actually . 
  they meet all the requirements for candidate status . 
  i actually do n't see anything wrong in this picture , on the right people are protesting and exercising their democratic right to protest and on the left side people are using their democratic right not to protest . 
  this picture reeks of media manipulation . 
  turks are the largest minority in austria ? 
  not sure if you 're trolling or just incredibly retarded , but you really seem to believe what you 're saying so probably the second option . 
  not me , not to the us . 
  the us is flawed in ways that i simply would n't be able to cope with and what to me makes it an even bigger problem is that most americans do n't just accept that , but they do n't even see it as a problem . 
  oh i 'm sorry , was i the one that was extolling the virtues of ** deflation ** ? 
  i think you either need to reread that book again or change the type of economy books you 've been reading . 
   try the financial times [ 1 ] . 
  or reuters [ 2 ] .
