  says the guy whos country is n't in nato , is neutral and completely free of external threats . 
  you are brave . 
   we arent at cold war status ( imo ) until somebody outright says `` you do that and ill be forced to launch nukes '' . 
  umm ... why would that be so ? 
  that 's not how the first one started either . 
  when the first one reached the possibility of nukes flying the cold war was in full swing for years . 
  see the berlin blockade for an example . 
  it absolutely is a veiled threat . 
  and less than six thousand more infantry and less artillery pieces . 
  yes they still have a bigger army , but not that much bigger all things considered . 
  i think you need to take a look at the definition of the word comparable . 
  yeah , inflation , there 's a real risk of that in a deflationary cycle . 
  i think you missed [ this ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/08/29/putin-reminds-west-russia-is-one-of-largest-nuclear-powers-_n_5737602.html ) little gem from a few days ago . 
  it 's amusing that the guy that 's from a country not in nato with the username / u/88russia88 has a problem with such a request , when actual nato members do n't . 
  what do you care who pays for what ? 
  i actually expected poland to have a much bigger army than romania , but the two are comparable . 
  except for the fact that multinationals already signaled they 'd at least relocate most of the operations to a new eu country , but do n't let that stand in the way of your narrative . 
  it has n't before , no reason to start now . 
  if the uk leaves the eu most of the multinationals will certainly leave or at least relocate most of the operations elsewhere , they pretty much already said so and most multinationals already have drawn up plans for just such a scenario . 
  ireland and netherlands will almost certainly be the 2 biggest winners in this , with france and germany coming up the rear . 
  what impact this will have on the uk 's economy is not completely clear . 
  certainly unemployment will spike and the uk will experience a capital flight of vast proportion . 
  the economy as a whole will enter recession at the very least if not more . 
  in short it 's going to be bad and it 's going to last awhile . 
  you could n't make this shit up . 
  the man is a bitcoin lunatic that thinks deflations are good , there 's no arguing with him . 
  no , you would n't . 
  i do n't think you quite understand , the new cold war has already started , we 're in the initial freezing phase right now . 
  wow ... this is one last place i do n't mind seeing romania take . 
  if you want to debate smart people perhaps you might try being smart yourself for once . 
  your very sad attempt at a comparison gives me headaches , i think we 're done here . 
   wanting something better is n't naive . 
  no , wanting something to be perfect is naive . 
  this might not be the first try at democracy , but it is the first try at democracy on such a large scale , which so many different people with different cultures . 
  the fact that you do n't understand that boggles my mind . 
   look at all the advances in civilization that have been born from people wanting something better . 
  perhaps you should look into how many iterations something went through before something got `` better '' before talking . 
  you 're incredibly naive . 
  somebody that enters a race with the goal of making another candidate look better . 
   this is n't all we have , this is just the choice that was given . 
  if all the options look bad , what 's the point ? 
  while i do n't like juncker myself and wanted schulz to win i also recognize that elections have consequences . 
  the eep did get the most votes as such it seems fair and democratic that the candidate nominated by the eep get first chance at forming a cabinet , as it 's the situation in most eu countries . 
  my main problem with cameron was n't that he did n't want juncker as president , hell i did n't want juncker as president , my problem was that cameron did n't want any of the candidates as president . 
  here 's a guy that has been screaming from the top of his voice that the eu does n't have legitimacy , yet at the first try to give the eu president that legitimacy he cries like a child that he wants things to go back to the way they were with backroom haggling and shady deals . 
  my problem with your argument is that you think everything should be perfect from the first try or not at all , well ... that 's just bullshit , nothing is ever perfect and most certainly nothing is perfect on the first try . 
  things are better than they were 4 years ago and hopefully 4 years from now things will be even better , that is all that i want and all that anyone reasonable could want i think . 
   but if you want a functioning practical european union that does n't just inherit the problems found it it 's members states then yes it does , because we would already have the best people for the job . 
  not the people who `` networked '' best within europe . 
  except we live in the real world and we do n't have the `` best '' anything , we work with what we have . 
   tl ; dr : we should expect better from our politicians . 
  that would make a compelling argument if cameron did n't go out of his way to isolate himself and look like a moron just so he could score a few political points against the ukip . 
  you play local politics at the eu 's expense you get penalized , seems more than fair to me . 
  do n't drag your local politics to the eu and we 're good . 
  why should n't it ? 
  why should cameron be rewarded for playing british politics at the eu 's expense , because that 's exactly what he did . 
  if cameron wants to look alone against the world , this is what being isolated looks like . 
  did you expect that he 'd give the uk some major role after all the bullshit cameron pulled ? 
  the entire article is an exercise in whataboutism and ignoring proof . 
  simple fact is that russia has sent unmarked soldiers and equipment and is actively engaged in a shadow war in ukraine . 
  you ca n't invade a country and than claim somebody else is at fault . 
  the fact that you do n't seem to understand that makes you either deluded or a troll , in either case i 'm not going to bother with you anymore . 
  this thread is now where it should be , in downvote hell . 
  but that 's just the thing , i do n't even dislike her , i just do n't think she 's in the race to win . 
  i think she 's in the race to make iohannis more center and non-basescu , just like udrea , and as such make iohannis look better for the anti-basescu crowd that do n't want to vote for ponta . 
  what a complete piece of garbage . 
  i have a hard time believing she 's anything more than a stalking horse for iohannis , just like udrea . 
  edit : wtf ? 
  what 's with the downvotes but no replies ? 
  rofl , sure , you keep counting on that . 
  what an embarrassment for ponta if after that stupid game he played with the appointment his lackey gets the `` humanitarian aid '' post instead of the `` regional policy '' one that he was aiming for . 
  i 'm still hoping for a late game reversal in the portfolios . 
  wtf !? 
  of course you should call the police and i also think you should get better friends , because clearly your current ones are absolute shit . 
  about fucking time . 
  in some ways romanian is much closer to latin than most other romance languages , for example i think romanian is the only major romance language that has declension like latin . 
  on the other hand romanian probably has a larger percentage of non-latin words . 
  words of slavic origin make up about 20 % of the vocabulary . 
  latest news appear to be that there is no truce , seems that something torpedoed the deal . 
  that 's because it has nothing to do with language and everything to do with how annoying and tedious it makes reading posts . 
  no , what you like is the idea of multiculturalism , when it comes to actually implementing something multicultural you 're nowhere to be found . 
  this is especially true for germans , which is ironic given your post . 
  umm ... no , that 's not at all how it works . 
  i was being optimistic when i said that the uk has no reason to give scotland a currency union , it actually has reason not to give it . 
  i find the position quite consistent , `` we either go together or separate , but you ca n't have it both ways at the same time . '', 
  i think it would be politically suicidal , not to mention economically insane for the uk to give independent scotland a currency union . 
  and in other breaking news : water is wet !, 
  i mean really , anyone with a modicum of reason knew this was true . 
  scotland will have to get its own currency because the rest of the uk sure as hell wo n't give them a currency union for no reason . 
  * in this case i find your argument wise and convincing , feel free to have a nice day !, 
  because it 's fucking pedantic and annoying and makes posts confusing as fuck , that 's why . 
  yeah lets all start posting in our own languages , that wo n't get old quickly , spare me the bullshit multiculturalism . 
  buy a book in french in that case . 
  not as cliche as a french guy writing every post both in french and english on an english subreddit . 
  if you want to write in french , write in a french subreddit . 
  wtf that 's a brand ? 
  all of a sudden ? 
  were you asleep the last 10 years ? 
  umm not really . 
  true , but strictly by dates , it was the german invasion .
