  i think it 's about time germany starts checking its mercantilistic ways at the door . 
  he was n't the one that said both romania and bulgaria are ready for schengen entry , it was the european commission that did . 
  both romania and bulgaria satisfied all accession requirements that were set out for them , that 's been the situation for close to at least 2 years now . 
  like germany would ever let the ecb do quantitative easing , what eu have you been living in ? 
  but . . but ... but i thought austerity and and less credit was what was needed to get out of this mess , that 's what germany and the imf have been telling me for the last 4 years . 
  / s note : yes , i know the imf has changed its tune recently , but it 's a day late and a dollar short as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's clear that you have n't read the article , otherwise you 'd know why france or uk ( which is on using the euro currency ) would n't be in the same situation . 
  this is n't so much germany leaving the eu , it 's about germany leaving the eurozone . 
  the problem southern euro countries are facing and have been facing for the last few years is that the euro is to expensive for them , under normal times when their had their own currencies , they 'd have printed more money and cushioned the pain via inflation , but that 's not possible anymore because they do n't have their own currencies . 
  if germany leaves the eurozone , the value of the euro will drop somewhat making the euro cheaper and euro denominated exports cheaper making sourthern eurozone economies more competitive . 
  the uk is n't using the euro , please note the difference between the eu and eurozone , but to answer your question , no france and uk ( if it were on the euro ) would n't just replace germany in this situation because neither of their economies is based on exports as much as germany 's is . 
  just like the article says , germany has a current account surplus equal to that of china , just think about that for a second . 
  you mean besides the fact that at that point the ecb would stop doing only what 's good for germany and start doing things that will help the rest of the eurozone countries ? 
  since germany would no longer be on the euro , the value of the euro will drop , which is good for the rest of the eurozone countries for several reasons , first their economies will becomes more competitive since their exports will be cheaper , their debts which are in euros will be worth less and several others reasons . 
  the simple fact is that due to the current constructions of the eurozone , germany enjoys an undervalued euro making their exports artificially cheaper , while at the same time everyone else in the eurozone suffers an artificially overvalued euro when related to their own economies . 
  if germany were to leave the eu it would almost certainly not keep the euro , because at that point they 'd in effect be using a foreign currency , one that they 'd no longer be able to print or have any control over . 
  that 's not even a question , if germany leaves the eu it will return to the mark . 
  germany leaving the eu would n't be that good for germany , let alone best , but its probably for the best for the rest of the eurozone countries . 
  you clearly have a reading disability , because if you did n't you 'd have noticed that in my post i do n't speak of the eu as a whole , only of the eurozone . 
  the two are not the same thing . 
  while the eu was initially a mostly political union , the eurozone was designed as a full fiscal union , it 's just that making only the currency union was so much easier politically . 
  sounds like you have no idea what you 're talking about and spouting neoliberal bullshit . 
  wealth transfers are how nation states deal with this exact situation , that 's how the us federal government deals with the same situation . 
  the concern troll you 're displaying is amusing though . 
  germany is directly and aggressively making the rest of the eurozone countries poorer by the day and you 're going to sit there with an `` what we do ? '', 
  attitude ? 
  the eurozone was designed as a full fiscal union , but because the currency union was easier politically that 's what happened first and now germany does n't want to finish the fiscal union . 
  it absolutely is germany 's fault , what kind of thinking is that ? 
  eurozone wide wealth transfer programs need to be implemented to redress this issue , the other solution is for some countries to leave the eurozone . 
  there are really only a few solutions to this issue : either the eu implements wealth transfers to redress the current account imbalances or some countries will have to leave the euro . 
  either the poorer south europe eurozone countries leave , or germany and probably a few other should leave . 
  if implementing wealth transfers is political suicide in germany than the second best option is to leave the eurozone and return to the mark , but germany wo n't do that because they like having super cheap exports , it gives it something to brag about , even if it directly causes poverty in the rest of the eurozone . 
  the problem is that germany is n't only exporting goods , it 's exporting poverty to the rest of the eurozone , by abusing the low value of the euro when reported to germany 's own economic strength . 
  at the core of it it is n't that germany has an export based economy , that 's all well and good to a certain extent , what is a problem is that germany is an export based economy in the eurozone . 
  if germany was still using the mark , the value of its currency would rise making its exports more expensive and give every other country chance to compete , but since germany is using the euro , a currency that when related to germany 's economy is undervalued because the rest of the eurozone is dragging that value down , which means that germany gets much cheaper exports than they should . 
  germany exports poverty to the rest of the eurozone and until a system of wealth transfers is implemented to redress this issue , that wo n't change . 
  you have no idea what you 're saying . 
  if what you say would actually happen most of the eu countries would be bankrupt in 5-10 years . 
  common fiscal policies ca n't be implemented without wealth transfers , it simply ca n't happen . 
  bucharest does have air raid sirens all over the city , but they are tested rarely . 
  i 've only heard them twice . 
  result : finland . 
   china is rapidly rising into a global superpower . 
  so what ? 
  why are you implying that 's a bad thing , superpowers come and go , there 's always one falling or rising , it used to be britain , than the usa and ussr , now only the usa is left , with maybe china being next . 
  why should i care about that ? 
   economical unit of huge proportion is about to form in asia . 
  the power centre has already started moving to the east . 
  again ... so fucking what ? 
   we are forming a single trade area with canada and usa to abolish trade barriers and give a maximum possible boost to our connected western economies . 
  i 'm sorry , but if that 's why we 're doing this than i do n't want it . 
  if there is to be a free trade zone than i want it to be because that 's best for the people that live in those areas , not because some neoliberal decided that that 's best for the `` economies '' by which i mean some megacorp whos ceo would sell their mother for the right price . 
   these deals are very hard to reach , because some parts of economies are being hurt unavoidably , when trade barriers are lifted . 
  and that 's a good thing , free trade treaties are n't some no brainer thing . 
  they have huge negative side effects and for many people they represent more negatives than positives , if you sign up for one you better make fucking sure you 're getting the best deal possible . 
   negotiations for this deal with canada lasted for four fucking years . 
  they can take four more years if that 's what it takes . 
   the deal is ready , it is much more important than your canadian visas , please do n't be a dick and ratify it . 
  important to whom ? 
  certainly not romania , trade between romania and canada is minimal . 
   romania , free trade deal with usa will soon be on the table as well . 
  we know that you need american visas too and we hope that you are not thinking what we 're thinking . 
  i absolutely think this issue needs to be sorted before any us-eu trade deal is signed , but that 's besides the point since probably any us-eu trade deal will be a shit sandwich for everyone involved except mega corporations , so i 'm against it on principal . 
  romania gains next to nothing from a canada-eu trade deal because trade between romania and canada is minimal to do the logistical problems involved . 
  it 's hilarious that you think romania should just sign whatever germany tells them to sign because it servers germany 's interests even if romania gets fucked in the process . 
  yeah romania please do n't protect your interests so we can have cheaper stuff , sure the visas are n't fair and you 're getting fucked in the process , but suck it up anyway . 
  / s did i get the tone right ? 
  the fact that you even think there 's such a thing as fault when it comes to international trade negotiations is telling . 
  every country is out to serve the interests of its people , nothing more . 
  if at this point the best way to serve the interests of the romanian people is for the romanian government to threaten a veto and delay ratification until the issues are rectified than that 's what they should bloody well do . 
  nobody asked you to like it , to be honest nobody cares if you , and by that i mean canadians/canadian government/other eu governments like it . 
  that 's how international diplomacy has worked since ever and it 's not going to change . 
   but my understanding is that it was based on a high incidence of illegal immigration . 
  yeah , because getting to canada is as easy as walking across the border , what you call `` high incidence '' is what i call bullshit populism used to win elections . 
   canada have the right decide on its immigration policy ? 
  canada has a right to decide its immigration policy , just like romania has the right to sign or not sign a trade treaty . 
  why is canada 's sovereignty more important than that of romania ? 
  if canada wants the free trade deal bad enough they 'll change their arbitrary and unfair treatment of romanians . 
  hmm ? 
  favors you say ? 
  like when schengen admission is denied even though all accession requirements are completed ? 
  holding the trade treaty hostage would be the same thing the czech just did and the same thing every eu country did along the way , you just do n't like it this time because you 're on the receiving end of it instead of the one doing it , so fuck you !, 
  the czech republic used it 's threat of veto power to force canada to lift visa restrictions czech nationals . 
  you mean like how the czech republic just used blackmail to get what they want ? 
  why should n't romania do the same ? 
  is it equality or are some people more equal than others ? 
  i was actually wondering why the foreign ministry did n't react when the news of the lifting of visas for czechs , but not romanians or bulgarians . 
  i 'm glad to see they 're at least reacting now . 
  every eu country has used it 's veto power for their own gain , why should n't romania do the same ? 
  the romanian parliament should postpone ratification of the treaty until visas are lifted for romanians . 
  fuck no !, 
  do not want !, 
  we 're poor enough as it is . 
  well that was the most anticlimactic nobel in a long time , as soon as cern confirmed the discovery of the higgs particle last year it was practically guaranteed that he 'd win this years nobel prize . 
  what do you mean limits ? 
  like in monthly caps on how much data you can download/upload ? 
  i honestly do n't think i 've ever had a cap on any of my internet connections in the last 15 years or so , granted at the beginning i only had dial up so there was n't much downloading anyway . 
  do isp in other countries still have data caps in their contracts ? 
  this meme is so wrong it 's hilarious . 
  basescu seems more like a whiskey kind of guy to me .
