  congrats to the serbian basketball team for the amazing result , team usa is pretty much unbeatable , so second place is the only thing the rest can realistically hope for . 
  yeah , it 's a typo , it 's 30 % . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  war plan red was a contingency , in case the situation ever came to be that the us went to war with britain , not that the us was planning on going to war with britain . 
   as long as they compensate the amount in the other two months . 
  no , they absolutely ca n't do that . 
  there might be some ranges of variation , but certainly not like that . 
  is n't norway at max output capacity ? 
   btw gazprom profits are down 41 % in 1stq compared to last year 's pretty much expected to be honest . 
  and yet , they 'll still get payed less , because you only get payed for what 's on the meter on the pipe , not based on press releases . 
  well they ca n't really deny it , since how much gas moves through a pipe is n't something that 's debatable . 
  if they are delivering less gas they will get less money in return . 
  what a bullshit generalization , i think we 're done here , clearly you do n't have a rational argument to make , only an ax to grind . 
   these guys are appointed , not elected oh really ? 
  and how is that different from how things are at a national level ? 
  do you elect your ministers of defense or of foreign affairs or of finances in the netherlands ? 
  my bet is that you do n't elect either of those , they are just as appointed as the members of the commission . 
   they only had symbian which was basically dead . 
  then they did a deal with ms and got tons of money and ressources to push out windows phones . 
  no , this is not at all how it went down . 
  after symbian was mostly dead they tried to develop their own smartphone os called meego . 
  they not only wasted a lot of money , but also a lot of time on this and in the end they only made one phone , the nokia n9 , using that os . 
  afterwards the new ceo of nokia , stephan elop canceled any futher plans for meego and went with windows phone . 
  nokia could have very easily not developed its own os and used android as provided by google , not only would this have saved them both time and money , but would have also given them access to the developer pool that android had . 
   the finnish consumers were the most loyal in the world . 
  they created nokia and kept nokia afloat . 
  they might have made nokia , but they certainly did n't keep it afloat and they absolutely did n't make it the most dominant phone maker in the world . 
   great comeback . 
  if you did n't get it : screen does n't work while wet . 
  have fun in an emergency . 
  i never had any problems with a wet screen , but than again i also do n't leave my phone out in the rain like an idiot . 
   how many menus do you have to enter to make a phone call ? 
  are you kidding or do you really not know that the dialler app with phonebook and all that are by default on the home page of all smartphones ? 
   oh it 's great from the producers side . 
  they can sell more phones and accessories as people constantly break them . 
  the phones are giant screens . 
  that 's not why people change phones at all , not to mention that screens are replaceable . 
   as for nokia , using a phone with gloves on is more or less a must in finnish winter , but nope . 
  if nokia , which the the biggest phone manufacturer in the world , was designing phones based on the weather in finland than they deserve to go bankrupt . 
  where do you come up with these `` theories '' ? 
  the finnish market is insignificant on a global scale , no way was nokia designing phones based on if they can be used outside in the finnish cold with gloves on . 
   as for water or blood on the screen , again , you 're fucked . 
  wtf ? 
   nokia did n't expect phones to turn into everything but phones . 
  phones are still phones , they just gained other uses as well . 
   they just thought people were n't stupid enough to buy them . 
  never underestimate consumers . 
  what ? 
  why is it `` stupid '' to buy a phone with a touchscreen ? 
  let me ask you , does your phone have a touchscreen ? 
   so just by switching to android nokia would have become the biggest phone manufacturer in the world ? 
  they might have , they 'd certainly had an advantage over samsung in brand name back then . 
   let 's tell this apple - so they can improve their business . 
  oh wait - they are already killing it with margins that samsung and co can only dream of . 
  nokia does not have apple 's business model nor did they even try to replicate it . 
  you 're arguing against a strawman . 
   just like they do with computers and tablets . 
   being the biggest in something does n't mean shit when you have almost negative margins . 
  oh yes !, 
  poor samsung , it 's doing so badly . 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
  nokia even given half a chance to switch places with samsung right now would do it in a heartbeat . 
  nokia is dead as a mobile phone producer and it 's lack of willingness to pick up android in 2009-2010 is the main cause of it . 
  yes , but not with the intention to go on an offensive war . 
  most join to defend the country , which this clearly is n't it . 
  but they did n't join the army in a war and strictly speaking russia is n't at war now , at least if you listen to the kremlin . 
  yeah poor samsung , the toaster makers , which are now the biggest mobile phone manufacturer in the world . 
  i bet nokia would n't want to dilute their brand for that . 
  how 's their brand doing now ? 
  oh wait ... they just sold their mobile phone division . 
  there 's no reason why nokia could n't have been an equal or even bigger than samsung , especially since they had a huge advantage in brand name recognition when it came to mobile phones . 
  i do n't think invading ukraine qualifies as `` dying for your country '' by most peoples definition . 
   they just did n't have a coherent strategy . 
  if by that you mean they did n't have any strategy , i agree . 
   pinnical of years of r&d problem was ... that pinnacle was n't that high , it was ** at best ** equal to android at the base level , but without the developer support . 
  oh come on , meego was a shot in the dark . 
  it was n't that good , but that was n't even the problem with it . 
  it was the lack of apps , developers were n't going to code for it when they already had ios and android . 
   and it was the one that might have had a chance at rivaling android . 
  that 's some fantasy world you 're living in . 
  that was without a doubt the biggest mistake a company has made in the last 10 years . 
  the smartphone revolution completely caught nokia by surprise and even when they realized it and tried to turn it around they tried to push their own os at first . 
  it 's an incredible example of cognitive dissonance , he should be studied . 
  maybe you should read that wiki page , and than if you still do n't understand , read it again and again . 
   just like soviet hard power protected eastern germany . 
  holy shit !, 
  please tell me you 're trolling here !, 
  holy fuck !, 
   one person told me earlier it did n't matter they did n't have any plans post-secession , because the snp probably would n't be in power then anyway . 
  lol , seems like a plan to me !, 
  juncker has a sadistic sense of humor by putting moscovici and hill in the same area . 
  fireworks are expected !, 
  only the last one was actually directed at you , but like i said , it 's obvious you 're not only very limited but also a narcissist . 
  i was speaking in general , not you specifically , but i guess it was to much to expect you to understand that . 
  see , is n't it much better and certainly more honest when you admit you 're just being a cunt and not a holier-than-thou pacifist ? 
  this is the first honest thing you said in this entire thread ribbentrop . 
   you did read what i wrote , yes ? 
  did you also understand it ? 
  did you ? 
   be sure that even without any economical ties to russia germany wouldnt be eager to support the stationing of nato forces at the russian border or falling back in cold war rethorics .
