  the difference is that between now and then there was a large amount of financial regulation put in place under obama . 
  actually , currently the us financial sector is better regulated than the eu one , specifically the city . 
  i see your `` point '' , i think i 'll ignore you from now on . 
  you understand that this is an internal analyses by the uk treasury , yes ? 
   the idea that trade would come to a stop and 3 million jobs would disappear is fanciful at best . 
  certainly nobody is saying all 3 million jobs would disappear , but likely a lot of them will , you only have to look at the messages all the financial institutions have been sending to know that . 
   but if it ever did some kind of trade arrangement would be struck . 
  perhaps , but what that might be and what it will cost the uk will be nontrivial . 
   the eu exports more to the uk than the us , those businesses ( and those in the uk ) are going to want business to continue as normal . 
  that no longer will be true when the transatlantic trade treaty is signed . 
  also on the grand scheme of things eu exports to uk are nowhere near as important to the eu as it 's for the uk its exports to the eu . 
  the eu makes up almost 50 % of all uk exports , that % is in the single digits for the eu to uk . 
  at what point in the last 300 years has slavic unity meant anything other than russian imperialism ? 
  because after handing him a political bruising that he 'll remember for life , merkel does n't want to be seen like she 's humiliating cameron by pushing for this . 
  merkel actually wants and needs the uk and cameron a whole lot more than the rest of eu leaders . 
  i thought sikorski had an excellent chance at high representative , but with the recent tape of him basically calling cameron an incompetent moron , even though it 's very true , i do n't see him getting the spot anymore . 
  that would be a step to far for cameron i think and he does n't enjoy the legitimacy that juncker has . 
  it actually is , it 's just that the way the rules about the euro are written that they in practice give the member country the option of when to join the ez , since they can always make sure they do n't satisfy the requirements . 
  i would n't mind it at all , but not with that name . 
  united states of europe sounds very bad . 
  nope , actually i 'd be happier if the us moved more troops to romania . 
   frankly , if the uk wants out that much , the eu should respect their wishes , for better or for worse . 
  who 's not respecting it ? 
  i have n't heard anyone say britain should n't be allowed to leave , if that 's what it wants . 
  just make up your minds already and make a decision , either stay and try to work with the others or leave . 
  i think you 've missed the freedom of movement part of the eu , maybe you should try to apply some of these european values you keep screaming about and act like a eu country and respect one of the founding eu principals . 
  [ here ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-wzc0zf5r0ls/uryqy5fxkvi/aaaaaaaaak4/nq_p5qopf6w/s1600/romania_discriminate.png ) 's a link about how the whole gypsy beggars issues is seen from romania . 
  why do n't you tell me more about the parties in my own country . 
  you have no clue of what you speak . 
  they are pro-eu because the population is overwhelmingly pro-eu and if any party would be anti-eu they would n't get any votes . 
  please stop making yourself look like a fool . 
  hmm i was under the impression that the austrian anti-eu party did very well , i might have been confused . 
  my bad . 
  predictable but very good news all the same . 
  cameron should quiet down a little and take notes from renzi on how to negotiate in the eu . 
  what ?!?!, 
  romania is one of the most pro-eu countries in the eu , i think you 're knocking on the wrong door . 
   tl ; dr : we were really wrong about the whole juncker thing , but we 're sure we 're right about this other thing . 
  we 're bound to be right one of these days right ? 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  british conservatives , reaching new peaks in pathetic , quite impressive . 
  you do n't understand , it 's not reform unless it favors britain , if it does n't it 's just one more power grab by federalists in brussels . 
  even if that were true , which it is n't , they are n't going back to anything . 
  they were never pre-1968 social democrats , in 1968 the psd was known as the communist party . 
  his first mistake was being so public in his fight against juncker , because that cut down on his chances to save face and gain a good deal . 
  his second huge mistake was threatening with a british exit , none of the eu leaders can afford to be seen to give into blackmail , that pretty much guaranteed he had no good will from anyone going into any negotiation and it isolated him from any of his allies , since while he can threaten with a british exit , austria , denmark or netherlands ca n't , nor can their leaders be seen to agree with blackmail . 
  his third mistake was asking for a super commissioner , such a obvious power grab would basically guarantee an instant `` no '' answer . 
  what he should have done , is the same thing that renzi is doing quite skillfully . 
  everybody knows that renzi does n't want juncker as president , but you do n't see him writing articles in newspaper about how juncker is bad . 
  in exchange for his quiet support in the council renzi is asking for some concessions that interest him . 
  there is no reason cameron could n't have played the same game , and such a strategy would have allowed merkel to back cameron on some issues . 
  as it stands cameron is alone against the world and losing badly . 
  making yourself into a blackmailing hypocrite helps you negotiate ? 
  i guess that 's what passes for logic for the # 1 troll of / r/europe . 
  you go higher , you do n't go in making yourself looking like a blackmailing hypocrite because that makes even the people that might agree with your completely ignore what you say . 
  i guess we 'll see how this ends , my prediction is that cameron wo n't get anything more than a token concession , certainly not a super commissioner and he 'll end up with juncker as the president , somebody he just made not only an enemy of , but also a representative of the fight against back room deals and guaranteed juncker an ep vote where he 'll get all epp , s&d and alde votes . 
  his defeat could n't be more total if he tried . 
  what he wants and what he 's asking for are two very different things . 
  asking for a super commissioner , while at the same time complaining about democratic deficits is hypocrisy of the highest order and other eu countries will not and indeed should not agree too . 
   well yeah . 
  i mean that is the crux of the argument for eusceptics . 
  give the nations more power as opposed to giving it to the parliament . 
  oh is that what he was doing asking for a super commissioner ? 
  he was n't really making a power grab , he was looking out for the sovereignty of nations , well that 's good to know . 
  such a kind and gentle heart he has , so sad how the ignorant masses of the eu do n't agree with that benevolent plan . 
   he is largely feigning a hard stance to placate his constituents . 
  cameron is a genuine eu federalist bullshit !, 
  saying it does n't make it so , cameron picked the wrong battle to fight this time . 
   if he appears weak on the eu it could propel farage in power , which would be bad for everyone . 
  since i would n't mind uk leaving the eu i do n't care about farage one way or the other . 
   besides , the eu is in need of some reform . 
  the eu has been constantly reforming for the last 20 years , what we actually need less of is less whining and blackmail from britain . 
  get in line or get out . 
  cameron is a fucking joke , he talks about `` reform '' but what he really means is `` give me more power !, 
   remember this is the election characterised by eurosceptic success . 
  the population at large is far less pro-eu than it has been . 
  so although the ep may well object to everything , it has a reputation it could do with not damaging . 
  they may well proceed in objecting to everyone except the withdrawn candidate ( who is at that point out of the race and therefore useless ) , but it may also come at a cost . 
  a perfect example of british ignorance , the eurosceptic `` success '' is a myth , while yes , in some countries , like the uk , where eu politics are next to toxic , eu sceptics managed to get vote in most countries eurosceptic parties were a massive flop . 
  get out of your bubble and smell the roses , almost nobody agrees with you and even those that are inclined to do so think cameron is out of his fucking mind . 
   the european council , to date , has also operated with consensus despite qmv being an option . 
  of course there 's always a first time for everything , though it would establish a very different mood within the council . 
  its tough to predict what that would be . 
  the ec operates on pragmatism and it 's become very clear that the ep will not vote for anyone but juncker , if the ec tries to push another candidate they will run into a wall in the ep . 
  none of the european leaders , except cameron want that , something that can be seen from their actions after the election . 
  i am at thing time 90 % sure that juncker will be nominated , simply because the ec has no option left to nominate somebody else and not be made a joke of by the ep . 
   on the contrary . 
  with juncker facing plenty of opposition , what mandate he had is reduced even more . 
  he has more of a reason to compromise as a result of what has happened than if nobody had objected to him . 
  you truly have no clue how politics work do you ? 
  you think making enemies of others is a way to get what you want ? 
  delusional . 
  it 's truly shocking how badly cameron fucked this up , how be painted himself into a corner and guaranteed that other eu leaders could n't help him even if he wanted to . 
  not only did he pick the wrong hill to make his stand on , but he made it in such a blackmail way that he guaranteed none of the others , even those that might be willing to listen , be caught dead next to him . 
  one thing is clear ... he should fire his advisers straight away and get new ones . 
  perhaps germany should come back and talk about this when they start building some nuclear reactors again . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  south african 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  american ( standard ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ?
