  it is n't that cyprus should leave the euro , the fact is that cyprus already left the euro . 
  do to the capital controls cyprus will have to implement to make sure capital flight does not occur , as of next week or so we 'll have the eurozone euro and the cyprus euro , which will actually have a lower value than a eurozone euro . 
  the only difference between the cyprus euro and cyprus implementing a new national currency is that the national bank of cyprus is n't able to control the cyprus euro , as such they get the worst of both worlds and all in exchange for just the appearance of still being in the eurozone . 
   and , what people should not forget : if the euro would not have been enacted , germany would still dominate european fisical policy through its bundesbank and may be even better off than it is today . 
  the problem is n't that germany would be better off on the dm or not , maybe it would , although that 's doubtful . 
  the problem is that everyone else would be nowhere near as bad as they are now on the euro . 
  neither spain , italy , greece or cyprus would be anywhere near the situation they are in now , if they had their own currency . 
   the unemployment rates are awful , i agree . 
  but those are not linked to the currency alone , but more to lacking entrepreneuship , innovation/a working business model , mentality too . 
  greek protesters have been out on the streets when their pensions have been touched , or civil service was cut . 
  germany has done exactly the same but it did n't wait until the shit hit the fan . 
  during the 90s germany was labeled the sick man of europe . 
  we adapted . 
  when do you ? 
  wow ... 
  i 'm not even sure what to say to that . 
  the amount of arrogance and mind blowing ignorance it takes to say such inanities is breath taking . 
   devaluation of currency gets you nowhere except maintaining of status quo at best , hyperinflation at worst . 
  it 's a hidden tax robbing you of your savings , and you 're still happy about it . 
  stop living the communist dream , buddy . 
  wait ... first your cry that nokia is moving manufacturing out of your city because they found lower labor costs somewhere else and than you say that devaluation of currency does n't help ? 
  sour grapes much ? 
  what use is having a stable currency when you have 30-40 % unemployment ? 
  that stable currency is killing greece , cyprus , spain , italy , portugal and ireland . 
  the euro is n't that badly constructed , but it does heavily favor countries with higher productivity and punishes those with lower productivity and this was known from the beginning . 
  the plan was that to fix this flaw nordic countries in general and germany particularly would in effect make wealth transfers from the north to south as to prevent this exact problem , but that part was left unsaid , since giving money away was never going to be an election winning strategy . 
  fast forward 15 years , the euro is the currency of most countries in the eu , but the wealth transfers that would balance the trade sheets were forgotten , hence the current crises . 
  you 're just talking out of your ass , i never said that germany was n't exporting before the euro , but it was n't bankrupting countries with their exports either because everyone had their own currency which could be devalued as needed to balance out the lower competitiveness . 
  as for why nokia moved its manufacturing to romania , it was exactly because we have lower labor costs , because we still have our own currency permitting for a competitive edge , if romania was using the euro we 'd be bankrupt worse than greece , thanks for proving my point . 
  they should be praised for exploiting the currency and killing off the economies of whole countries ? 
  are you out of your fucking mind ? 
  what do you think is going to happen when countries will start dropping out of the eurozone because they have no other choice ? 
  the value of the euro will skyrocket and destroy the entire export machine that the german economy . 
  we 'll see if you 're going to be so congratulatory then . 
  you mean to tell me that when you threaten to hit savers with a deposit tax , they 'll just go and move their money to another country ? 
  who could have predicted that ? 
  i do n't think countries will be forced to leave the eu simply because there 's no legal way to be forced out of the eu . 
  you can only willingly leave , nor do i think britain will have much to bargain with , considering they 're having a referendum on the eu already . 
  france will also not stand for germany to bully people out of the eu , it 's completely against their objectives . 
  i agree , germany will have to accept to wealth transfers to the south if it wants its currency union not to break up . 
  depends on which union you 're talking about . 
  if you mean the eu than i do n't necessarily agree , if you 're talking about the currency union , than that 's a definite possibility . 
  the euro is turning into a poison pill for southern europe and unless euro policy changes drastically all the southern european countries will have the leave the eurozone . 
  at least currently germany does n't seem capable to take the necessary measures to save the eurozone as a whole , as such at least a partial dismantling of the eurozone seems likely . 
  you might as well talk to a brick wall , these guys will never understand just how much germany gains from sharing a currency with countries like greece , italy , spain , portugal or cyprus . 
  they simply do n't understand that the euro is undervalued in relation to the german economy because of those countries and that 's the reason the german economy is the export machine that it is . 
  that 's simply to much economics and not enough populism for them . 
  itt : people that read the article , but are incapable of understanding what it says . 
  i can see that you 're not the sharpest tool in the shed , but do try to follow what i 'm saying . 
  i never said that democracy is dumb , in fact i have n't said anything about democracy at all . 
  democracy refers to how the nation 's leaders are elected , i have a problem with populism , which is how politicians try to get elected/reelected by saying or doing anything in the short term , regardless of its consequences . 
  i know , it 's a much more nuanced position , than just democracy bad , dictatorship good , but i think you 'll be able to figure out the differences if you try really hard . 
   is it really electoral politics if the people want it this way ? 
  yes ? 
  how could it be any other way ? 
  i thought the idea was to adopt good policies , not popular ones and especially not popular ones that are bad policies , like that one was . 
  just because people want something , does n't make it good policy . 
  yeah , they 're roughly in line ... the wrong line that is , because they are all playing electoral politics with european policies . 
  it 's empty populism in the chase for votes and nothing more . 
  which is supposed to prove what ? 
  i mean besides the fact that they know where the opinion of most german voters is on this ? 
  the fact that all the german political parties supported that clusterfuck of a deal does n't prove that it was a good idea , it only proves that all german political parties are gutless and mindlessly chasing votes , regardless of consequences . 
  if anything , that 's more of an argument of why germany should play less of a role in lobbying for new european legislation until after the elections , since right now i do n't trust any german party to support good policies and not just populist policies that they can use in the election . 
  edit : as for :  even the greens said the feel bad about the decision of the cypriotic parliament yesterday . 
  is that a joke ? 
  of course they feel bad because the blatant theft got rejected , they were n't the ones from which money was going to be stolen from . 
  that deal was a german wetdream , that 's the fucking point . 
  if electoral politics are getting in the way or real policy making , than yes , i absolutely think that no policies are better than bad policies . 
  as the cyprus crises displayed for all world to see is that angela merkel is in full campaign mode , and that her # 1 priority right now is getting reelected and that cyprus can go fuck itself . 
  i think germany needs to take a chill pill and stop calling for things for a while . 
  people are getting pretty sick of germany telling everyone else what they should do . 
  cyprus should leave the euro , nationalize the banks and devalue its currency until it 's competitive . 
  most of their problems would be much easier to solve if they have their own currency . 
  shares in a bankrupt bank are completely worthless , the reason they are giving them those shares is so they can say they were actually giving them something and not completely stealing the money from the bank accounts . 
  not sure if trolling or clueless . 
  at the rate things are going it 's going to be a 10x dip recession . 
  yeah , austerity is great , that 's why the eu is heading into a double dip recession and even the imf admitted they were wrong for pushing it . 
  the idea that people in the uk are huge drinkers is in no way grounded in reality . 
  come to eastern europe and you 'll understand why those charts are very likely correct . 
  high speed rail is mostly for people , fruits can take an extra hour to reach their destination . 
  i very much doubt that tarragona has absolutely no rail access , i 'm sure it has good rail access , but probably not the high speed network that those maps depict . 
  i 'm sure it 's going to do just fine since it 's only a short distance away from the barcelona rail node , something which ca n't be said about madrid . 
  the decision to have madrid , the largest city in spain , into the network is not only sane but absolutely obvious to me . 
  no it actually would n't , because in that case all the goods and people that want to go to madrid would have to make a detour through valencia , which is especially annoying if you want to travel to and from the north of spain . 
  it might not look as pretty on a map , but i absolutely understand the economic and strategic reasons for building it like that . 
  they want the largest city in spain tied into the network , seems pretty sane to me . 
  it 's easy to be so worried about the roma when you do n't have to live with them , but the good news is that they 're moving out west . 
  we 'll see if you 're going to sing the same song when a few hundred gypsies move to live in a park near you . 
  i drink tea , absolutely hate coffee , makes no sense to me to drink something that tastes bitter , even if you mask it with sugar . 
  if you plan on visiting lots of museums and stuff like that , you really should get a student card . 
  the discounts you get with it are no joke , you 'll save a lot of money in the long run . 
  wow , shocking what passes for journalism around here . 
  true , but people stealing wallets is much more common . 
  making your car dependent on two things that can get lost/stolen is worse than just one . 
  there is also the fact that when you buy a car they give you an extra key to it , do they also give you an extra drivers license ? 
  i 'm sorry , but this whole idea is stupid . 
  it tries to solve a small problem , by creating several big ones . 
  there 's a saying for things like these , if it ai n't broken , do n't fix it . 
  so if somebody steals your wallet with your license inside , you 'll be double fucked since you wo n't be able to drive your car anymore either . 
  sounds like a great idea ...
