  if you sign a contract , you do n't get to delete the parts you do n't like from it and keep only the ones that you do . 
  it 's amazing just how far people will delude themselves about the eu , simply because they do n't like it . 
   it 's more like :  `` are you really sure you want that thing you voted for a few months ago ? 
  because the international elite do n't agree with your democratic decision . '', 
  you say that like it means anything . 
  is it really that hard to understand you ca n't break a treaty without sufferring the consequences ? 
  how the decision to break the treaty is reached is unimportant . 
  you do n't get to pick which parts of the treaty you signed you get to keep . 
  it 's either all or none of it . 
  the eu got angry when you 're trying to pick and choose which of the treaties you signed you 'll respect . 
  you can act as retarded as you want without the eu saying anything as long as you do n't break treaties or be prepared for the consequences . 
  no you ca n't do whatever the hell you want , no matter how stupid if that means breaching an international treaty . 
  at least not without consequences . 
  democracy is n't a suicide pact . 
  i have no doubt this time the swiss government will educate the people on the exact consequences of their vote . 
  i know this whole thing goes againt your narative . 
  i 'd love to know how exactly you came to that conclusion when in the opening paragraph it says :  the swiss government is struggling to salvage relations with the eu after the bloc last week dismissed any renegotiation of a 12-year-old pact guaranteeing the free movement of workers . 
  their new referendum will basically ask them : `` are you really sure you want that thing you voted for a few months ago ? 
  because shit you will not like will happen if you do . '', 
  wto rules state that you ca n't ban something without cause . 
  ukraine could appeal to the wto on this , but since this one has a `` cause '' it needs to be investigated and that takes time , especially since i 'm sure russia can come up with some forged documentation to further prolong the issue . 
  it feels so weird how things are going in hungary . 
  in the 90s hungary was so far ahead , at least in relation to romania , but it just seems like everything turned to shit in the last 5 years or so . 
  join the eu . 
  the difference being that you do n't pay people 1 euro for the same thing or for the same length for time of work in different countries . 
  so saying you pay 1 euro means nothing , if in germany you only have to work 15 minutes for that 1 euro and in romania 2 hours . 
  as it stands this graph shows absolutely nothing , unless you really want to know tax levels . 
  oh i do n't know , how about average salary , or cpi , not to mention vat is n't present . 
  i 'm sure i can think of others . 
  as it stands there are just some numbers that do n't mean much . 
  i 'm sorry but this graph lacks context , it says nothing about nothing . 
   nah , i 'm part of the 3 % error margin . 
  rofl , delusional  my problem with the poll is that if i gather about 30 people i bet the results will look totally different compared to those of the people chosen as the sample for my city . 
  that 's because 30 people that are your friends are not very representative of the country , if your friends are like you , which is likely , a poll of those has no statistical importance . 
  you 're not a special snowflake , deal with it . 
  i doubt the veracity of this article a lot . 
  even if there were such negotiations before the plane crash , they most certainly are n't valid anymore . 
  there 's no way that merkel could sell such a deal to the allies , germany would lose all face and respect because it leaves the undeniable smell of selling ukraine for cheap gas for germany . 
  i do n't believe any such deal is currently feasible . 
  yes , they can be . 
  shocking how statistics work , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  one poll from almost a year ago taken right after the rosia montana shitstorm . 
  i think a new poll taken now , especially after the russian situation will give a different picture . 
   chevron and shale gas ( most romanians oppose shale gas extraction ) got proof to back that up ? 
  i know you oppose share gas extraction , but i have doubts it 's as unpopular as you seem to think . 
   i thought majority of romanians hate the us because of the missile shield and shale gas fracking . 
  there were protests from what i recall . 
  the romanians i encountered did n't like americans as well so that 's what i always thought . 
  this poll proved me wrong , i guess . 
  the missile shield is actually quite popular here , i do n't know why you 'd think that 's a negative , just like the presence of us troops in romania is popular . 
  fracking , yes , it 's true somewhat , but public opinion is n't totally onesided on that , not everyone dislikes it and i do n't think anyone blames the us for it . 
  at most they blame chevron . 
  russia wants security council authorization to invade ukraine . 
  where do they come up with these plans !, 
   the most famous one , of course , is ievan polkka damn it !, 
  why did you have to remind me of that song , there was a time i listened to it for hours without end , that song 's obsessive . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zlmeneqtas hardcore mode to listen to that . 
  i do n't think it 's possible for a human to actually sing it that fast . 
   pretty much like yours . 
  obviously , since it 's my opinion . 
   unlike you . 
  so , time to play ball . 
  you have n't presented a single shred of evidence , i do n't see why the burden of proof is on me alone . 
  why ? 
  it 's simple , because you 're the one making moronic statements . 
  in the same way people that say god exists have to prove he exists , not those that doubt that existence . 
   there , i wo n't even leave you the fig leaf of one-sided methodological dismissiveness : what ? 
  are you writing posts while reading a dictionary ? 
  do you think that makes you sound smart ? 
  i assure you that is not at all the case . 
  no , the first is a blog post about how even german scientists stop using german as their language , let alone anyone else . 
  if anything , it supports my idea . 
  the opening paragraph is very much the author 's personal opinion , but established fact . 
  and the third link only the sentence that you quoted actually even refers to german in the entire article and it 's another unsourced opinion . 
  at least the second link had some numbers to back it up . 
  of all those articles the only relevant one from what i can tell is the second , which has a nice statistic :  the slump of german in this area has been dramatic . 
  whereas 30 % of scientific publications were written in german at the start of the century , this figure has now shrunk to less than 5 % . 
  this can certainly be linked to the decline of german-speaking countries in the scientific disciplines . 
  whereas once almost 40 % of nobel prize winners spoken german as their native language , this figure is now less than 10 % . 
  so german was used in one third of scientific publications , certainly a high % for just one language , but not enough to claim it was the international language for science , not in the way english is today . 
   it just illustrates that german was a lot more widespread before their pr disaster . 
  a lot of millers and smiths in the usa actually were m\u00fcllers and schmitts a few generations back ... no , it was n't widespread at all , once they moved to the us , they stopped using german or if they still used it , their kids stopped using it . 
  it almost always died with the first native born members of the family . 
  so yes , there were lots of ethnic germans , but not a lot of german language . 
  are you serious ? 
  you 're bringing proof that the german language was the language of science because germany had brilliant scientists ? 
  are you out of your fucking mind ? 
  yes , but that 's pretty much the same in romania , it seems so weird that the numbers are so far apart . 
  the number for bulgaria feels like an outlier , why is it so different from the romanian one , we 've been equally getting beat up with gypsies and other shit . 
  good !, 
  it 's sad they are the only ones willing to protect us from those disgusting and quite probably illegal arbitration clauses . 
   bollocks , german was the international language for science and engineering by the end of the 19th century hahahahahaha please tell me you 're kidding , was that in some parallel universe where germany won a world war or where ? 
   there used to be a lot more german speakers in the usa too . 
  well since they came from germany , you would expect them to speak german would n't you ? 
  besides , how is that even relevant to anything ? 
   german would cease to a be a language of science . 
  well that 's not really a problem , since it 's never been the language of science or of anything ever for that matter . 
  you 're trying way to hard . 
  apparently your reading comprehension could really use some work too , i said you ca n't speak english as fluently as you believe , not that you ca n't speak english .
