  not because of a lack in soludarity but because of the reasons i tried to explain even if i actually believed that , which i do n't by the way , it 's completely irrelevant since nothing in the german government 's current foot dragging has to do with pacifism , it 's ** only ** self interest . 
  it 's easy to talk about diplomacy and deescalation when you are n't about to become neighbors with an imperialistic russia again . 
  why yes ... tell me more about this bombing , invasion and serious threats , i seem to lack the historical context you have . 
   and is it really that bad if theres a country among nato which favors to dissolve conflicts in other ways than military adventurerism ? 
  i dont think so and a lot of people in germany dont think so either . 
  oh so this is all about pacifism , it 's got nothing to do with the fact that germany put itself into a position where they can be blackmailed by russia or that any actions taken against russia will impact german profit margins ? 
  why do n't you take a break for a second and smell what you 're shoveling , because let me assure you , it 's not rose petals . 
  agreed !, 
  no single thing did more to undermine eastern europe in general and ukraine especially while at the same time creating a bigger dependence on russian gas than north stream . 
   germany would rather leave the alliance , than agree to such an expansion . 
  rofl , you really have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  got to keep sucking on that gazprom teat on the cheap because we were monumentally stupid and decide that being `` eco friendly '' meant closing all our nuclear plants and now burning gas is the only thing left . 
   talk about the arrogance to not do a damn thing and then tell the actual leaders what they can and ca n't do . 
  the way i 'd phrase it is : germany only takes hard stances with its friends and allies , but lets others get away with invasions . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  just like it did n't block all the sanctions even though they were dragged kicking and screaming . 
  germany wo n't want and ca n't afford to be seen to `` block '' anything in regards to these matters , if it wo n't be able to stop them by negotiations behind closed doors it will go along but wo n't like it . 
   in this special case , we can . 
  because germany is far to important for nato to ignore . 
  bullshit , if there 's one thing that became apparent from this latest crises is that germany is completely mia from any leadership position on military matters . 
  germany was given by the us a perfect opportunity to take a leadership role in these matters and not only did germany fail at that , it completely abrogated its role in the hopes of cheaper gas from its dealer . 
  i expect that in the following months and years germany will be slightly sidelined when it comes to nato policies regarding expansion and russia by the us after it proved it 's not capable at this time to do the job and that germany will have to be dragged along regardless of if it likes it or not . 
  holy shit the amount of wishful thinking and stupidity in that article is mind blowing . 
  the man is an idiot , there is nothing in his post that even deserve a reply . 
  it 's like / r/conspiracy meets / r/whataboutism . 
  russia is heading now in the same direction it 's been heading for 10 years . 
  the only thing that changed recently is n't the direction , it was the speed . 
  it used to be on the slow lane , now it 's on the fast lane , to a full blown fascist dictatorship . 
  some might argue it 's already there by some measures . 
  the only thing that 's really interesting in this thread , is the shock displayed by many western europeans , they truly ca n't understand how such a thing is possible . 
  which says more about their ignorance than about the direction russia is going . 
  well i do n't image they 'd have to , i 'd image it as more of an international language , that you speak additionally to your own . 
  i would not be at all surprised if at some point in the future there will be a push towards an artificial language . 
  if you can determine how a language will impact those using it beforehand however , is a different matter altogether . 
  there is actually a very strong relation between language and mindset . 
  there are quite a few scientific studies that look into how and how much the language that we speak impacts the way we think . 
  romanian and spanish are both romance languages , so yes there are a lot of similarities , however not as many as between romanian and italian . 
  if i 'm watching an italian movie without subtitles i can understand about 40-50 % of the words and can quite easily understand the intent behind what they 're saying . 
  it 's not weird at all , it 's one of the final phases in becoming fluent in another language , you start thinking in that language , which gives you a more normal speaking pattern . 
  when you start learning a new language one of the things that slow you down when speaking is exactly that translation process , you think in your own language and than translate it into the new language . 
  this obviously causes a significant delay in speech . 
  not only do i think in english when i 'm speaking it , but when i 'm thinking about certain subjects it 's actually easier to think of them in english than it is in romanian . 
  they almost certainly will , the accession process is the same for everybody . 
  letting somebody in through the back door would create a very dangerous precedent . 
  it 's the fact that you ca n't think your way out of a paper bag that makes you stand no chance , not that we 're economists for knowing sweden has its own currency . 
  perhaps it 's time for you to shut up now . 
  you do know that all those countries with the exception of finland have their own currency right ? 
  finland is very much in the same situation as germany in relation to the euro , in that it favors them greatly , but just because they did n't have a currency crises yet does n't rule out one in the future . 
  it 's pretty obvious you have no clue of what you speak . 
   what?really ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/198830.stm[1] there is no such obligation . 
  it absolutely is true , just because not all policies are good for all regions does n't mean their needs are n't being considered , those measures might have been even harsher if those other needs were n't considered . 
  you 're just talking out of your ass . 
   true since thatcher . 
  see above . 
  did you really reply to a 5 day old post ? 
  really ? 
  regardless , you 're position is absurd and the uk would be crazy to accept it , and if you want proof of that is the fact that they already said it wo n't happen . 
  because right now the central bank is forced to take scottish needs into account when forming its monetary policy , after independence they wo n't have any such obligation . 
  it 's very likely that at some point in the future british and scottish monetary interests will diverge and if scotland will still be using the pound they wo n't be able to control their currency . 
  i have no idea what the hell you 're on about and switzerland is n't part of the eu . 
  i have no idea what you mean by that , but i bet i 'm not . 
  what ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that the rest of the uk wo n't give independent scotland a currency union and scotland using the pound as its currency without that would be suicidal . 
  independent scotland needs its own central bank that can print it 's own currency , even if that currency is pegged to the pound , it would still have the institutions available to weaken or completely remove the peg if such a thing becomes required . 
  itt : people picking and choosing which parts of the eu they want to keep . 
  the others are recognized by serbia , kosovo is n't . 
  if it makes you feel any better ponta lies more often than he breathes , it 's unlikely he 'd recognize kosovo even if he does win . 
  as if i needed another reason to not vote for ponta . 
  romania has n't yet recognized kosovo 's independence as far as i know and i agree with that policy . 
  i think recognizing a unilateral independence is dangerous . 
  i think kosovo should reach a negotiated settlement with serbia on the independence issue . 
  if serbia recognizes kosovo i 'd fully support romania doing the same . 
  perhaps they should rethink the blind faith in their religion . 
  it 's just not that interesting . 
  i guess that 's one way to take out the trash . 
   balanced opinion i 'm starting to suspect you 're a very refined troll , either that or you 're seriously misguided . 
  than again you 're posting `` articles '' from maxism.com and than cry about `` bias '' , so misguided might be putting it mildly . 
   because it admits that there is such a thing it is no longer serious ? 
  when you start an article with that , you do n't admit anything , you assume it and continue from there . 
  no mildly fair or interesting article could ever begin in such a way . 
   the hypocrisy of western imperialism i tried to read it , i really did , but when your article starts with that , i simply ca n't take you seriously . 
  understandable , who does n't want to spend his summer holiday invading another country . 
  the entertainment is to die for . 
  i most agree with what you just said , but i think you 're wrong about scandinavia , the reason romanians do n't visit that more is because of the expenses . 
  everything is so expensive there , especially since wages in romania are much lower than eu average . 
  the second thing i disagree with is czech republic , prague has become one of the biggest city break destinations in the last 2 years or so . 
  the flight is shorter , cheaper and you can find hotel rooms for cheap also . 
   global research and voice of russia two very trusted news sources , both in the same article , only thing that 's missing here is rt. 
  well actually yes they did . 
  only in the same sense that ww2 was a nuclear war . 
  you 're not really good at history i take it ? 
  the ussr had no nukes in 1945 , hell they were n't even close to having one , it took 4 more years and stolen nuke plans from the us for the ussr to produce a functioning bomb . 
   it 's ridiculous , uncalled for in general , and insanely inaccurate and unfair . 
  it 's insanely inaccurate and unfair ? 
  remind me when was the last time ireland was invaded ? 
  of all the fucking nerve telling me the threat is overblown . 
  i think you need some education period and some more reading comprehension . 
  nowhere in my post have i mentions types of tanks/planes/whatever , nor does the graph make such distinctions . 
  maybe what you say is true , however it 's irrelevant to the subject matter of this thread .
