  english 2 . 
  dutch 3 . 
  swedish does this mean that the test considers me a native english speaker ? 
  that 's nice to know , but boy the test was n't even close for me . 
   in romania , all pubs are filled with smoke and almost all restaurants are , too . 
  it 's not uncommon to see people with 5-year old kids eating in a restaurant having a thick layer of smoke ... actually i have n't been into a restaurant that did n't have a smoke free area in years , as for pubs well ... if the owners wanted and thought it was an economical choice to make a pub where you could n't smoke , such pubs would be common , but it is n't so they wo n't . 
   our government wo n't do anything by itself due to corruption . 
  no , it 's got nothing to do with corruption and everything to do with taxes . 
  i do n't know if you 've heard , but the city council for bucharest was planning to pass a local law that would force all the pubs in the old center to close at 11 ( i think ) , to stop it , the pub owners compiled a list that showed just how much money the city budget would lose and how many jobs would be lost if such a law was put in place . 
  the city council did n't know how to backpedal fast enough from the bill . 
  truth is , pubs and vices in general pay for an overwhelming share of taxes . 
  yet they did n't say anything against it either , since they knew it would be massively unpopular thing to do , and let the candidates be elected and presented them as such . 
  it was an obvious silent agreement at the very least for all of them , most , including merkel are on the record supporting their party candidates . 
  i guess you only want democratic legitimacy when it suits you . 
  the problem with that line of reasoning is that the members of the council already agreed to the idea of having the candidates as president , if they did n't want it they should n't have agreed to it . 
  it 's fully within the parliament 's power to vote down any candidate proposed by the council and they can and should tell the council they will vote down any nomination as long as it does n't satisfy the agreement made before the election . 
  if the council really does force him to back down , i would love for parliament to piss all over them and vote down any candidate that was not proposed by the parties . 
  they 'll back up so fast it will make their heads spin . 
  just because the uk meets the economic criteria , does n't mean that an independent scotland will , at least from the start , but like i said , all those considerations are secondary to the political reality that eu members would n't want to create a precedent like this , especially spain . 
  even ignoring all other problems , of which there are many , giving scotland a fast track is simply a nonstarter from a purely political point of view . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  scotland will have to go through the same process like everyone else . 
  it 's going to probably take about 3-4 years post independence , since you ca n't really know scotland 's economic situation before its really independent . 
  i do n't like his policies , he gives the impression he 's going to be another barosso and that guy was useless . 
   why ? 
  free trade benefits all parties . 
  says who ? 
  free trade is n't some miracle solution that benefits all parties , it has positives and negatives . 
  not all free trade is a good thing . 
  also access to the common market and having a free trade deal is n't the same thing , if the uk leaves and wants to keep access the the common market it will have to accept the same conditions as norway does . 
   then the two groups could share the common european market . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  if you want to be in the common market , you have to get the whole package , no pick and choose . 
  well i personally do n't like juncker , but if his election causes britain to leave already , i 'm all for it . 
  it 's time for them to get the fuck out . 
  shocking !, 
  i would n't have guessed it . 
  hilariously deluded . 
  russia has n't been more hated/disliked as it is now since ussr days , how is that winning anything ? 
  not likely at all since armenia is going to join the eurasian union in a few months , a year at most , and turkey wo n't be caught dead in the same union as armenia . 
  also a majority of turkey 's exports are towards eu countries , if turkey leaves the eu customs union its now in , for the eurasian one , it would collapse the turkey 's exports and put the country into a severe recession/depression . 
  tl ; dr : it 's never going to happen . 
  excellent !, 
  the hell you say !, 
  i doubt the s&d are going to vote for him , to be honest as it stands i think schultz has a better chance or reaching 50 % . 
  one flower does not a spring make . 
  no u !, 
  oh i agree , the council should nominate juncker first and give him a chance at getting a majority in parliament . 
  no , my answer is because they can and because europe and by that i mean most of the countries in europe , are allies of the us , some of them very close allies , as such if you ca n't target your enemy , you might as well hit their allies . 
  how is that not obvious to you ? 
  i 'm starting to think you 're just a troll . 
  it 's not aimed at them now , unless you mean between europe and russia , because russian missiles targeting the us go over the arctic , well outside the range of this missile shield . 
  because hitting london is just as good as hitting new york , only easier to do ? 
  we 'll see if juncker can get passed the parliament , the epp might not be able to get to 50 % , in which case it wo n't matter who the austrian pm supports . 
  while placing them in norway would have the effect of protecting mainland us , it would be useless to protect europe . 
  the missile shield was designed to cover both the us and europe . 
  except for the fact that sweden is n't a member of nato and placing those missile defenses in estonia would cause an even greater reaction from russia , because they would be literally next door to them . 
  absolutely correct , i mean that gru guy that 's leading the pro russian secessionist movement in eastern ukraine is there because he believes in the cause , not because he was ordered there . 
  that 's bullshit , russia , unlike germany , never apologized for any of the countless atrocities it committed , nor has russia ever treated with countries in eastern europe as anything other than satellite states . 
  you guys in the west just did n't want to see it because your gas was cheap and were deluding yourselves in this fantasy about eternal peace and togetherness . 
  welcome to reality , we 've been here since 1989 . 
  that 's a very cynical and completely unhelpful observation , which is n't even that true . 
  all that is true , but that does n't mean it was ever a friend to any european country , russia is playing the same game it has always played on europe , divide and conquer . 
  are you historically illiterate or just completely clueless ? 
  russia is n't nor has it ever been a friend of europe , nobody knows this better than eastern europe , those in the west are starting to realize it now . 
  hopefully it 's not to late . 
  i do n't understand this move at all , it does n't seem to make much sense . 
  can anyone tell me if i 'm missing something ? 
  that seems like a blatant double standard , how does that hypocrisy sit with you ? 
  not really unexpected to be honest , if he were french or spanish and would have made that ad in france or spain nobody would even blink . 
  does n't bother me at all . 
  while that is possible , it 's unlikely i feel , since he already provided the evidence to the prosecutors . 
  no , security cameras show clearly he jumped without any help from anyone . 
  absolutely not , at least in romania . 
  i hope not , when that thing started all the growth was based on a bubble and super cheap credit . 
  you are out of your fucking mind . 
  no problem , send them to romania , poland and the baltic countries , they 're welcome here . 
   science already has used all low-hanging fruits and progress is much slower for years now . 
  this is simply false , at no time in history has humanity advanced technologically as fast as they do now . 
  you think the golden age of science is behind us ? 
  nothing could be further from the truth , we 're living in a golden age right now . 
  i do n't know if they misdiagnosed it , but they sure as hell prescribed the wrong treatment . 
  i 'll just leave this [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines ) . 
  barosso taking fire from all sides . 
  well , he 's not wrong , the only problem was that there was nobody to save us from the soviets . 
   we want to join it now speak for yourself . 
  the euro is still a very flawed creation , but it is getting better , hopefully it will be a sound currency by 2020 . 
   i lived in romania for 4 years and am very familiar with the country and its economics . 
  oh did you ? 
  a whole 4 years ? 
  well i 've lived here for 30 years , do n't presume to tell me anything , especially since your expat lifestyle is almost certainly way above average than most romanians , you know shit about shit . 
  meaning what ? 
  in my experience wifi quality/availability in the west is craptastic . 
   i do n't see a big burden on romania economically as you seem to make out . 
  that 's only because you have n't looked into it to know anything . 
  romania is too poor to be able to afford such a thing without going into bankrupcy . 
   of course it could well be that moldova will enter the eu in its own right without romania , which is a very likely possibility . 
  which is something i fully support and hope for . 
  let the eu shoulder most of the rebuilding expenses for moldova . 
  at that scale moldova is just a drop in the bucket , but if romania has to finance it , it would break us .
