  i guess , you 'll be happy that many are leaving romania and going west , now 's your chance to show us the error of our ways and show us how to treat them fairly and educate and integrate them , because clearly we 've been failing at that for generations . 
  it 's your turn to try now . 
   most of them are still in romania ( emigration rates are at 19 % for both roma and non-roma ) . 
  i two have heard this claim , but i do n't believe it . 
  since 2007 the streets of bucharest at least have been noticeably more empty of gypsies than before . 
  maybe it 's true and the emigration rate for the roma is 19 % , but if in those 19 % are most of the thieves , beggars and all around bad people than i think the point stands . 
  nobody has any problem with the roma that mind their own business , it 's the trouble makers that people take issue with . 
  but ... but ... but i thought it was because romania was racist to gypsies , surely the gypsies are n't to blame for anything . 
  i 'm sure the inclusive and multicultural west can show us poor misguided souls in the east how to handle and treat the gypsies , because logic and reason usually works with these guys . 
  you 're just blinded by emotion if you ca n't see just how much reunification would cost . 
  i 've read estimates that it cost west germany around 1 trillion marks for germany 's reunification , now i 'll grant you that moldova is n't as big as east germany , but neither is romania even close to as rich or populous as west germany . 
  i 'm sorry if this sounds cold or `` unpatriotic '' , but the price or reunification would be too damn high and it will fall on romanians to pay it , i 'm simply not willing to let 25-30 % of my tax money get shipped across the prut for the next 25-30 years . 
  i think i 'm in minority here , i 'm one of the romanians that is actually against reunification , for both political but more importantly economical reasons . 
  romania is a poor country , but moldova is much poorer than romania and even bringing moldova up to a somewhat even level with romania would cost us a fortune we simply do not have . 
  for a comparison of the costs , look up how much western germany paid for their reunification and even today eastern germany is poorer than the west , except berlin obviously . 
  for political reason , transnistria is the most important reason i 'm against , no union with moldova can involve transnistria and i 'm not at all sure moldova is willing to let it go , another reason is that the russian 14th army would be way to close for comfort . 
  that 's absolutely what is going to happen , but that might still lead to an increass in prices in spain since the goods would be shipped through a less direct route , which will lead to higher transportation costs . 
  wait ... are you saying your post war elections were actually free and fair and given that the communists still won the election ? 
  romania had post war elections too , but they were rigged heavily by the communists with the help of the red army . 
   actually , cbr777 you 're horribly wrong on this one . 
  well ... when you say it like that it must be true , you 're so convinced . 
   while i completely disagree with antonescu 's treatment of the minorities . 
  oh so glad you disagree with genocide , it 's quite courageous of you to hold such radical political positions . 
   let 's be honest , the king did n't suddenly realize the suffering of the jewish population and decided to right the wrong . 
  he did what he did because he knew we were losing the war and felt an opportunity to seize power . 
  yes , he did it because romania was losing the war and the russian army had already entered romania . 
  by joining the allies and turning on germany michael probably saved millions of romanians from death from a prolonged war in romania . 
   that 's just a shameful way to betray an ally , even an evil one such as nazi germany . 
  that sounds so poetic in theory , but in the real world , the world where people actually die and actions have actual consequences you should n't be so cavalier with words such as `` fighting to the last man '' . 
  turning on germany saved millions of romanians , that 's all i care about and the only thing that matters in the world or realpolitik we live in . 
   we behaved like prostitutes , and we were rightfully treated as such after the war . 
  maybe ... but at least we were alive . 
   antonescu had the courage to stand up and raise the fist at the ussr . 
  david telling goliath `` we 're not gon na take it anymore '' . 
  i respect that . 
  it 's was n't courage that made antonescu attack russia , it was ignorance and trust in his new nazi germany allies . 
  it 's not courage to attack someone if you think you 're going to win and that 's exactly what they believed . 
  hitler was planning on christmas in moscow that year . 
   as soon as he was faced with the consequences of his actions , he fled like a little bitch . 
  yeah , i guess you armchair general do have the right to critic michael 's decision of leaving when the red army put a gun to his head and told him resign or be killed . 
  i 'm sure you 'd have been a much more principled person and agreed to be shot in an empty gesture . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling or if you 're really that stupid . 
  poe 's law stands firm . 
  is that a joke ? 
  that was probably one of the few things that kept romania from being just another soviet province in the ussr . 
  my only problem with antonescu 's removal is that it did n't come sooner . 
  yes , that 's pretty much the area i was referring to . 
  if it makes you feel any better britain actually had very little to do with trianon , trianon was a reflection of the political and military situation in hungary following the 1919 war between hungary and romania . 
  if anything both britain and france partly sided with hungary against romania and forced romania to give up territory it won in the hungarian-romanian war . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/line_of_succession_to_the_british_throne ) it is . 
  currently the closest females in the line of succession are 6th and 7th in line . 
  did he ask for a pinky swear too ? 
  yeah , because normal people have money for a vacation on the french riviera , go back under your bridge you self hating troll . 
  i ca n't stand people like you , that think western europe is some fucking garden of eden . 
  i for one would like to welcome my nightlife loving european compatriots to bucharest , arguably the # 1 party town in europe . 
  as if anyone is going to listen to blow hard cameron about what the eu should do , a guy that leads a country that could very well not be in the eu for more than a few years . 
  there have been plenty of news about it even before negotiations started and that 's not going to stop . 
  there are many people paying very close attention to it and it 's passage is by no means assured , both the ep and national legislatures will have to sign off on it . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  they like this `` music '' in poland ? 
  that letters reads really dirty , not sure if it 's really talking about politics or sex . 
  to be honest the only problematic moment in the video was when she grabbed the dancer 's crouch , other than that there was n't anything in it i have n't seen in a thousand videos from a thousand singers . 
  the lyrics are awful though , i had to make myself watch the entire video , i wanted to close it 20 seconds in . 
  i get it that you 're an idiot , but what i do n't get is what you 're doing here ? 
  you 're shilling for an fta that you clearly do n't understand the ramifications of . 
  in neither of my previous posts did i make a personal opinion about the us-eu fta or the us in general for that matter . 
  the fact that you think i did only tells me you 're a blind moron with an agenda . 
  i 'm going to reserve judgement on it until i see it completely , but that does n't mean i ca n't predict some of the likely consequences of it , it 's all a matter of being more good to balance out the negatives of it . 
  i also never said that i want a fta with india , i said that if the guy i was replying to wanted cheaper drugs to be a consequence of a fta he should lobby for one , but i 'm sure minor differences like that escape your simpleton brain . 
   do i need to say more about this ? 
  this is almost unconditionally a good thing . 
  you think free trade with the us will get you cheaper drugs ? 
  if you actually think that you probably are already on drugs . 
  if anything the drug companies will use this fta to bring eu drug prices to the level of the us ones , perhaps you should look at how much the us pay for medicine . 
  if you want cheaper drugs , you should lobby for a fta with india . 
  says the guy that lives in a country that uses it 's over sized economic power to export poverty to the rest of the eu . 
  free trade is good in theory , but it 's the practical side that 's killing everybody . 
  i do n't care so much about free trade as i care about fair trade , if i have a choice between free trade and corporatism in the us fashion or no free trade , i 'll stick to the status quo thank you very much . 
  everybody and their grandmother knew that the imf fucked it up . 
  is it me or does the hair color of the girl change from the second last to the last one . 
  that 's a lot of maybes used to justify some very heavy handed moderating . 
  so the issue is that / r/europe is not their primary subreddit ? 
  if it was than there would be no problem ? 
  that 's some shady logic you have there . 
  * yawn * , 3/10 for effort . 
   there 's a certain degree of pride in being a superpower , for sure . 
  whenever i hear that statement i think about it in terms of global influence , not just `` we 're automatically better at everything and our culture is superior '' . 
  oh if only that were true , sadly that is not actually the case most of the time . 
  why just a few days ago i 've read about some republican politician that when referring to obamacare he said `` obamacare is going to destroy the greatest healthcare delivery system ever created '' ( i 'm quoting from memory so it might not be word for word exact ) . 
  truth is when most americans talk about how the usa is # 1 they are n't actually speaking about global influence , but actually about cultural superiority . 
   it seems that after 2 generations in a european country , you 're still defined by whatever you started as . 
  that is only true if you yourself make it so . 
  if you act like you 're just off the boat even if you 've been born here than yes , if you integrate and act like everyone else that 's not true at all . 
  i see your posts , but all i 'm reading in them are platitudes . 
  let me know when you decide to actually make an argument , because you 're only boring me now . 
  if that 's what you 're getting from this thread than you 're blind or ignorant , possibly a mix of both . 
  you ca n't seriously complain about nationalists when you come from the country where absurd statements like `` usa is the greatest nation in the world . '', 
  are held as truths self-evident . 
  maybe so , but truth is if i asked you if you find anything wrong in your first post without me pointing it out , you 'd have almost certainly have said no . 
  my overtly aggressive post was meant to force you into a change of perspective , not a change of position on the underlying issue , and it 's clearly been successful at that .
