  the us had no particular interest in ukraine , the eu did . 
  the eu under pressure from several countries , especially germany threw ukr away and at that point there were little that the us could realistically do and even less political will to do it . 
  however the us has since addressed its logistical problems in the region and has since issued sweeping guarantees backed by trigger wire units to ee countries . 
  simply put the us acted while merkel was sending stern letters to putin , short of a political blunder of gigantic proportions from washington , its influence in the region is secure for the foreseeable future . 
  if that 's true , and i 'm not sure it is , than germany is reaping what it sowed . 
  the us is more influential in ee right now than at any point in history . 
  extremism is not a germany only issue , just because the latest event happened in germany does n't mean the problem is limited to germany . 
  any debate of the problem ca n't be limited to germany , arguing otherwise is absurd and in bad faith . 
  i 'm paranoid because i do n't outright believe unsourced numbers on the internet ? 
  well if that 's your definition , i 'm fine with it , but it is n't my definition for the word . 
   i thought we were debating european immigration ? 
  oh really ? 
  so breivik is somehow relevant to that , but isis is n't even though you referred to `` islamists in france and britain '' . 
  so in closing , everything you say is relevant and ontopic , but everything i say is n't . 
  that must be a wonderful world you live in , does the groundhog also wrap the chocolate in steel foil ? 
   right wing russia is a far larger threat than isis or islamic extremism in europe . 
  right wing russia ... is that related to european immigration also ? 
  those numbers were n't sourced nor do i have the time to check them . 
  as such they could very well be false or incomplete , nor would it be the first time somedy lies on the internet . 
  are you some kind of child ? 
  how many people did isis kill in the last 6 months ? 
  more or less than him you think ? 
  oh was he talking about germany only ? 
  no , he did n't . 
  he made a sweeping statement and you choosing a convenient example is nothing more than chearypicking . 
  what `` evidence '' the numbers that might or might not be true for germany only ? 
  that 's not proof of anything , since i never referred to germany in particular , nor do i care about germany especially . 
  the problem is n't limited to germany , nor am i for a fact . 
  want to debate the numbers for france ? 
  or britain ? 
  i bet you do n't . 
   the reality of the right wing extremisism being a far larger problem than islamic extremism ? 
  talk about denial and delusion , holy shit , and i should take your advice ? 
  are you being real right now ? 
   usually people with your views are quite scared of an `` islamic conquest '' of europe . 
  you 've already proven you have no idea what you 're talking about , speaking about `` my views '' as if you have a fucking clue what they are is not only insulting , but also very misguided . 
   i 'm just telling you to look at the facts and relax , its gon na be alright . 
  rofl , are you some kind of elaborate troll ? 
  what ? 
  what does poland have to do in this conversation ? 
  i was talking abour merkel 's ee strategy as described in / u/suicidemachine 's post . 
  poland has nothing to do with it . 
  there 's only one of us that needs to face reality here mate and it sure as hell ai n't me . 
  what in the world gave you the idea i 'm scared ? 
  but that does n't mean i 'm an idiot . 
  yea ... how 's that strategy working out for her ? 
   germany have been fighting tooth and nail to get rid of the american influence in central-eastern europe . 
  lol talk about failing at every step of the way . 
  if merkel wants to reduce us influence in eastern europe perhaps she should try a new strategy and actually be an ally to eastern european countries , because right now she is only seen as a hypocrite and a sell out , neither of which will gain germany any influence around here . 
   right-wing extremism is getting out of hand , far worse than islamic extremism . 
  and this folks is how you know somebody completely lost perspective . 
  if he does n't know such a basic thing about reddit how can i possibly take him seriously about anything else related to reddit ? 
  many of which are much more complex and subtle issues , but i guess if you 're a hammer every problem is a nail . 
  rofl ... is that guy for real ? 
  i 'm half convinced the article is a elaborate joke . 
   this sub is being brigaded and in addition to that was hijacked by it 's right-wing users . 
  many people do n't share my opinion on something !, 
  there must be a nefarious plot afoot !, 
   but to remove the downvote button entirely . 
  that 's not actually possible and the fact that you do n't know that does n't inspire a lot of confidence in anything else you 're saying . 
   the downvote button is being misused as a disagree button and as a way to hide pro-immigration comments and articles by a loose group of people with an anti-immigration agenda . 
  on this sub , it has entirely lost it 's intended function of hiding rule-breaking or irrelevant/troll comments . 
  a problem as old as reddit and exploited by every side since ever and there 's nothing moderators can do about it . 
  do you really think i do n't know that ? 
  what i 'm saying is that i think the complete lack of flairs would be better for the community as a whole . 
  i think it would simply be better to remove flairs . 
  i do n't think they add anything , but on the other hand can be toxic to debates . 
  i 've personally encountered behavior where the person i was talking to instead of debating my arguments simply resorted to a retort based on a stereotype from the flag next to my name . 
  i do n't think i 'm the only one that saw this kind of behavior . 
  this is very good news , moderation on this sub has been running wild for some time now . 
  i 'm glad to see that changes are being implemented to address the rampant power abuse by some moderators on this sub . 
  when exactly will the recruiting for new mods happen ? 
  why would a institution of the ez be placed in london ? 
  that 's really the only one that makes absolutely no sense . 
  even if everything else you said happens , that one will absolutely not be true . 
   i know , i 'm just saying it 's a very poorly constructed argument . 
  you keep doing what you 're doing , it 's been working perfectly already , clearly you wo n't change your mind until there 's going to be attack near you . 
  unfortunate , but not unexpected . 
  my argument is that he should base his argument on the fact that mohammed was a man and as such was not perfect . 
  all this lets pretend the shit is n't there is what got the west in this fucking mess to begin with . 
  the shit is there and you should be able to fucking deal with it if you want anyone to take you seriously . 
  maybe you should reread the article in op again , your line of thinking is exactly what it 's arguing against . 
  to be honest they should have left the eurozone since february when they were elected . 
  it was obvious then as it 's obvious now that greece will not recover while still using the euro . 
  if your entire work is based on a lie than you better get another fucking line of work . 
  what kind of rational is that ? 
  we know what we 're saying is a lie , but it 's really for the greater good , trust us . 
  i 'm afraid that the west wo n't start to accept that islam has a structural problem until a much bigger attack occurs . 
   it 's not bankruptcy . 
  yes , it actually is . 
  the troika is never ever going to see that money again . 
   bric 's bank opens for business on july 7 that does n't mean it 's going to start lending money , that only means the foundation documents will be signed , if that 's even true in the first place . 
   good timing or just a coincidence ? 
  considering tsipras called for a referendum last night i 'll go ahead and call it coincidence . 
   putin and the bric 's president formally invited greece to join last month . 
  well if putin said it it must be true ... wait ... is n't he the same guy that said no russian troops were in crimea during the `` referendum '' there only to admit that yes , in reality there were russian troops there 6 months later ? 
  putin lies as often as he breathes . 
  rofl , what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  that bank is n't even started yet , not to mention that even if it was already in operation it still would n't have the money to lend that greece needs . 
   then i might as well just resign now .
