  it hurts a lot , but its been done . 
   what do you need to wait now ? 
  7 years ? 
  actually not , everything is pretty much setup , only thing left is the final vote which could be taken as soon as tomorrow . 
  what does the matter of if they stay or not with if we want them to stay or not ? 
  just because they do n't want to stay and will probably leave for germany with the first chance does not mean we want them here at all . 
   or is there more to this ? 
  a lot more , romania has fulfilled all the technical requirements for schengen accession years ago , the reason why the netherlands and germany vetoed out accession is because at the time they had local elections . 
  merkel once again put local politics with eu policy . 
  simply put germans were upset that gypsies were moving to germany and making a mess of things , these are not things that are regulated under schengen they fall under normal eu immigration policies , but since romania was already in the eu there was nothing that merkel could do , so to save face and make it seem like she 's doing something about the gypsies she vetoed romanian accession to schengen , which while has no impact on the gypsies , it made her look better to the electorate . 
   if it 's so easy why the fuck does eastern europe object against these quotas ? 
  because we do n't want them , do n't feel we have any responsability for them , ca n't afford them and do n't want the precedent . 
   you should agree to take 1 million refugees per year . 
  according to your logic none of them will stay in your country anyway . 
  why ? 
  what would we gain by doing that ? 
   how long do you think it will take for the first country in the international community to close its borders to romanian citizens once thousands of refugees are travelling with romanian passports . 
  depends ... how long do you think the eu will last ? 
  because as long as the eu will exist , that 's never going to happen unless you want that country to lose trial after trial at ecj and get sanctioned by the ec . 
  how did that plan work out with the gypsies ? 
  they will live with their families/friends that are legal and will work in cash only industries or beg/steal . 
  have fun !, 
  romania is without a doubt safer than sweden , that 's not even a question . 
  bucharest is probably in the top 10 most safe major cities in europe . 
  no , it 's actually the same thing . 
  the only difference is how rich the individual in question is . 
  oh really ? 
  so rich people are allowed into the eu simply because they are rich , but poor people no ? 
  you might want to get that cognitive dissonance checked out at the doctor . 
  the reason we 're not in schengen is because germany and holland had elections around the time that decision should have been made . 
  the technical requirements were completed years ago . 
  lol, 
  oh boy ... this is going to go down like a lead balloon . 
  i eagerly await germany 's plan on how to keep these `` asylum seekers '' in romania when in reality they want to be in germany or sweden . 
  should we post armed guards at the gates ? 
   romanian travel documents would n't be accepted by other countries . 
  rofl , says who ? 
  perhaps you 've missed the fact that malta has already been selling citizenship for years . 
  anybody rich enough can just buy a maltese citizenship and travel freely in the eu without any restrictions at all . 
   you lost the argument . 
  aww how cute , you actually believe that . 
  no , there is n't . 
  legally it 's certainly possible if the romanian parliament makes such a law . 
   it is a gift in everything but name . 
  no it 's not . 
  the difference between a gift and a debt that might be forgiven is the leverage , until that debt is written off it 's not a gift since the creditors have leverage over the debter , this was amply seen in tsipras surrendered to the troika in june . 
  debt is never a gift , a gift is a gift , anything else and you 're just talking bullshit . 
  until germany writes off the debt i 'm not going to accept busybodies like you talking about all the money that germany pumped into greece like it 's some kind of saint . 
  key word is eventually , until they do they are still loans , so yes so far germany has n't given greece anything . 
  you do n't get to claim generosity when you have n't shown it yet . 
  i absolutely agree , my bank also pumped me with money to buy a home ... oh wait !, 
  they did n't give me shit , they lent me money which i have to pay back with interest , just like germany lent greece some money , germany did n't give anything , in fact germany makes a profit on every euro it lends to greece . 
  it would take a special kind of naive to think these people will ever return to syria for anything more than visiting . 
  they rioted and did n't go . 
   reactionary lump of meat and even at that she 's not good because her reactions are delayed and indecisive perfect analyses . 
  whenever an important issue pops up merkel does n't say anything for a while and waits to see how the wind blows in german popular opinion and only when she knows what the `` popular '' decision is than she comes out in public supporting it . 
  she 's incompetent , cowardly and a populist all in one . 
  quite the mix . 
  orban is center-right , jobbik is the far right . 
  talking like somebody that has absolutely no idea what he 's saying . 
  you are completely clueless about the issue and yet feel you actually have a right to have your opinion respected . 
  people like you disgust me . 
   many germans feel that the eastern countries are just in it to get free money from us , but are completely unwilling to show solidarity when others need help . 
  germans have the arrogance to talk about solidarity ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  if there 's one nation in the eu that 's always looking out for number 1 , that 's germany . 
  structural funds payed to the eastern european countries are not `` free '' in any real sense of the word . 
  germany pays that money in exchange for complete free access to our markets . 
  local producers get run out of business because they ca n't compete with higher quality and lower prices of german exports , exports that would n't exist if a 50 % trade tariff would be placed at customs . 
  there is no country that is as toxic and selfish in the eu more than germany . 
  refugee yes , but for an economic migrant , no . 
  when they decided the dublin iii treaty is dead by fiat . 
  you ca n't say that the treaty you signed no longer matters and than complain that others are no longer abiding by the same treaty . 
  germany killed dublin iii and is now reaping what it sowed . 
  after years of watching i 've reached the decision that merkel is a most cowardly incompetent politician that modern germany and the eu have ever been cursed with . 
  rofl as if sanctions have a prayer of actually passing , germany is bluffing and everybody knows it . 
  i 'm going to chime in on the flair related topic . 
  a few weeks ago i suggested that for the good of the sub that flairs should be removed , obviously i got downvoted to hell for saying that , however i stand by my argument . 
  i think the moderators of this sub should strongly debate the merits of removing flairs , i think they are toxic to debate . 
  this is the first time on / r/europe and you just started using reddit and you want to mod a major sub ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're naive about what that involves or simply an alternate account . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i am almost turning 18 and as far as i am concerned i am young enough to convey my generation 's opinion and old enough to be taken seriously . 
  what does that have to do with being a good moderator ? 
  i think after it defaulted it better represented the views across europe . 
  before the default it was mostly a leftwing federalist circlejerk , i should know , i 've participated in many of them . 
  the uk and another european country are the only two in europe that do n't have / r/europe as default . 
  this sub is plagued by biased mods and you think the sub could be moderated like / r/neutralpolitics ? 
  it 's true that what the german government said related to this was n't exactly `` we 're open !, 
  all are welcome !, 
  '' , however it was pretty close enough , so much so that all major news outlets reported the `` fake '' news more than the real one . 
  right now the issue is that the perception is much more important than if it 's exactly real or not . 
  the immigrants think it 's real , which is what is causing problems in hungary or the czech republic . 
  right now the immigrants get violent if you try to block them from getting to germany , simply because they think in germany awaits for them . 
  i have to say that from a pr perspective what the german government did was a massive blunder , not only did they announce that they are ignoring established law as set by dublin treaty and as such put their smaller neighbours in an almost impossible position . 
  i do n't know if that statement was issued without enough debate inside the government or what happened with it , but it was a very stupid thing to say . 
  well firstly i do n't know what the criteria are for selection , so i have no idea if you meet them or not . 
  secondly i think you took my posts way more personally than you should have , i 'm not saying you should n't be a mod . 
  initially i just thought it was very odd bordering on suspicious that somebody that has virtually no posting history on this sub with a 6 month old account would come in and ask to be made a mod . 
  after that you tried to pass it off as if the communities attitude towards americans put you off and that 's why you did n't post more than you did , but you surely will be a more active participant if you 're a mod .
