  to get pure objectivity , you have send your writing style to hell to not confer bias . 
  you then list your topic , and the reactions to it . 
  without any further interpretation . 
  as long as you do n't interpret , and you use statistical figures for the reactions , you are being purely objective . 
  this typically falls down when the media either interprets the story , or uses their own preference in which reactions to choose from . 
  i 'm voting leave because i am opposed to a single market . 
  not for nationalism , not for racism . 
  purely for an economic rationale . 
  single markets are n't homogeneously beneficial when you pair asymmetric economies together . 
  the larger economy gets a sweet deal ; the smaller country not so much . 
  this applies on an industry by industry basis . 
  germany is currently sucking industry up in the eu because of the single market . 
  that 's a big problem that i 'd like to stop happening in the uk . 
  true objectivity is possible , just very rare from written formats . 
  no media is objective . 
  i wish it was , but it is almost never the case . 
  better to find out how it is n't objective than believe it is to your detriment . 
  i 'd rather newspapers came out with their opinions , simply so i know which slant it 'll have . 
  otherwise you have to guess their hidden agenda . 
  i appreciate the effort for that anchor picture ... but honestly , i think a small label is better than an obnoxiously large one that complicates the anchor 's shape . 
  those images you linked do not do a good job of conveying refugees . 
  it 's only possible to work it out from the context , and even then , it 's still unclear . 
   yes , like how it 's very unclear what nationality the guy in this cartoon is / s err ... that guy takes up the entire picture . 
  the greek individual in the op makes up a tiny portion of the final image . 
   just make it look iron and it comes out of the side of the ship where since anchors come out of for over 2000 years ? 
  except it 's not coming from the side of the ship . 
  it 's instead coming from some nefarious looking person , presumably to represent foul play . 
  and something iron on the side of ship does n't mean anchor . 
  if you think you can create an anchor that 's not shaped like an anchor , by all means , go ahead and try it . 
   draw middle-eastern looking people with dirty/broken clothes and baggage . 
  if other cartoonists can draw refugees without labels so can he . 
  broken clothes and carry-able items does n't convey they are immigrants/refugees . 
  and it would like they are going overboard , not crashing into the ship . 
  if you think my points are invalid , then draw your ideas to prove it . 
  that 's external debt . 
  the uk has a lot of it , because we 're a finance nation . 
  most of that debt is from the banks , who themselves are owed a lot of debt from other nations and businesses . 
   instead drawing ` debt ' on the anchor , he could 've drawn an anchor that spells out ` debt ' . 
  how would you know it 's an anchor ? 
  anchors have a very specific shape . 
  and why do you want to combat labels with more prominent labels ? 
   drawn a literal wave of immigrants how would you know they were immigrants , and not just random people ? 
   have a someone wear the greek flag as a shirt it would just look like a stripy shirt , rather than the flag . 
   why is there a flag called brexit on the english boat ? 
  is n't it obvious enough this cartoon is about that ? 
  why does this cartoon have a title ? 
  is n't it obvious enough this cartoon is about that ? 
  it 's supposed to represent tipping the eu over the edge , i imagine . 
  how does a euro symbol mean debt ? 
  it could be referring to any number of things . 
  i 'd probably interpret that as currency union = bad . 
  how do you draw an anchor to look like debt ? 
  how are you to draw a chest that looks like taxes ? 
  you are asking the impossible . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the labels are there to draw analogies . 
  when you see headlines like ` betting markets give remain a 72 percent chance of winning ' , you have to remember that it 's a 72 % chance that the betting markets are correct . 
  it 's not that if you repeated the referendum in the same circumstance , it would brexit 1/3 of the time . 
  we 're not talking about the free market - that 's a separate issue . 
  and free trade is something the international community * absolutely does not * want with china . 
  the us recently imposed at 3000 % tariff for chinese steel since they were employing dirty tactics to kill off industry in other countries . 
  that 's big steps away from a free trade arrangement . 
  in fact free trade is generally a bad thing unless you 're matching similarly sized economies together . 
  take my country for example , the uk . 
  there 's free trade arrangement across all regions , and consequently business all centralises to one point - london . 
  wales , ni and scotland all suffer a massive brain drain as skilled people move to the richer areas of the uk . 
  that 's not a big problem if you live in any one of those countries as you share the same passport between them . 
  it would be a massive problem if they were all sovereign nations . 
  same thing is going on in the eu . 
  people gravitate to the economic centre of mass - germany . 
  any small country in a free trade agreement with germany needs to reevaluate their policy . 
  having your major trading partner being germany is actually bad news , as over time your industry will be sucked away over there since the lack of import tax means there is little reason to be in denmark . 
  germany has the largest manufacturing base in europe , and with free trade , industry will gravitate towards the largest mass . 
  except the betters are not an accurate sample of the population . 
  the polish are unemployed slightly less than native britons , other eastern european countries are more iirc . 
  if you tallied up the average polish wage for a pole working in britain , it would be much lower than the average wage for a brit working in the eu . 
  there are  1.2 million british people living in europe . 
  what facts ? 
  your reddit comment that makes no sense ? 
  there are no sanctions inhibiting dyson 's trade with russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_sanctions_during_the_ukrainian_crisis#sanctions_against_russian_and_ukrainian_individuals.2c_companies_and_officials disgusting liar . 
  keep your misinformation elsewhere . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  you can not be serious . 
  that 's a flat out lie . 
  remain is more popular with the young vote . 
  older people are in favour of leave . 
  oil is an extremely small part of the uk economy . 
  we 're talking less than a percent here . 
  the [ light bulb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incandescent_light_bulb#history ) is not true . 
  and the [ fax machine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fax#history ) is contentious . 
  this is wrong . 
  i 'm not sure how [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incandescent_light_bulb#history ) can at all be attributed to the germans . 
  it 's not just about quantity ; quality too . 
  britain 's royal navy has an excellent submarine division and its air force are getting toys like taranis to play with . 
  a modern military is equal parts defensive as it is offensive . 
  whilst it may seem unfathomable that europe would ever be attacked , it could happen . 
  it only takes one nation to develop nuke interceptors before mad is no longer applicable . 
  foreign affairs where intervention is needed requires military projection . 
  again , who knows where/when europe will have to intervene but its happening is a likely probability .
