  well , obviously . 
  / r/europe 's content is derived from sharing links . 
  however , what does get shared is biased media . 
  anything that disagrees with the narrative is downvoted . 
  now , we 've already established that you were wrong in one of your statements , so simply you must consume some of that biased media whether that 's through reddit or otherwise . 
   considering the utter misinformation about the eu and leaving it you read too much reddit . 
   not understanding what they voted for and regretting it on a large scale wrong . 
  most polls show very few ` regretting ' their vote , and more remain voters wished they 'd voted leave than the other way round . 
  again , the reddit narrative leads you to believe things that are n't true . 
  the polish were valued , but no where near the main innovation . 
  rejewski cracked an early version that was n't nearly as complex as the later machine , hence why the british had to devise , create and use the first computer to solve the ciphers . 
  ah yes , they 'll just stick those factories on a boat and set sail for the eu . 
  we 'll be left with nothing !, 
  it 's not a necessity . 
  why on earth would it be ? 
  you have been factually wrong about nearly everything here . 
  you bring up something completely irrelevant , and still lose the argument . 
  i do n't have resort to anything , i just get suitably pissed from cretins like you . 
   if you took a picture of obama or nelson mandela and burned it on a bonfire how do you think the world would view you ? 
  guess what , retard . 
  it ai n't illegal . 
  and the bonfires always garner negative attention . 
  how do you think the world would view you if you bombed either of those people ? 
  england does n't have home rule you idiot . 
  and those pictures are way after ireland became separate . 
  you 're simply retarded . 
  how many more times do you need to embarrass yourself ? 
  you have n't been right about one thing in this chain . 
  here 's yours : https://c7.staticflickr.com/3/2102/1967303806_e53bae3304.jpg http://i.imgur.com/3vw3ok6.jpg http://i4.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article7269427.ece/alternates/s1227b/asr_men_140614arndalebomb_07.jpg, 
  you can light a bonfire in england with the union flag on it . 
  flag desecration is n't illegal in this country . 
  your misinformation is staggering . 
  i do n't think you 've been correct in even one item so far . 
   remember it was a british supremacist who shot jo cox . 
  that guy had been in and out of mental institutes for the last decade , and was effectively a lone wolf . 
  used a makeshift gun . 
  oh and i do n't recall how he committed that action against ireland . 
  you are grasping at straws . 
  the ira are spanning organisation with a top down leadership hierarchy . 
  they use military grade semtex , and mi5 interventions have caught operatives with rpgs , assualt weapons and fuck loads of ammo . 
  how on earth you can equate the mentally ill guy that shot another brit , jo cox , on his own initiative with the ira is unbelievable . 
  you are seriously pathetic . 
  losing the argument several times other , so you try and bring up ukvireland nationalism . 
  it 's bizarre that you think ireland has the moral highground . 
   hang on , that was an eu agreement . 
  no it was n't . 
   the uk is leaving the eu now so you should be happy . 
  this affects nothing about this situation . 
   now take your british goons in northern ireland with you . 
  those ` british goons ' are n't a terrorist threat . 
  yours , on the other hand , are . 
  yeah , real compliant . 
  `` sure we 'll close this very lucrative loophole , but we wo n't do it for another five years . '', 
  `` oh , and hey , we 've just decided to introduce a new exploitable law that allows you to cut down half of an already small percentage towards corporate tax '' you are a joke . 
  oh yeah , your tax scheme is really making you friends . 
  http://www.newstalk.com/obama-joins-trump--clinton-in-blasting-irish-tax-laws  we 're complying with an open and transparent tax regime isis are pretty open and transparent about their objectives and goals , what 's your point ? 
  that 's a useless bit of verbiage that means nothing . 
   by the way it was your british goons up in northern ireland who were burning flags . 
  it goes both ways . 
  the fact that you 're mentioning this shows a lot about you , really . 
  the double irish arrangement is just one of them , and rather unbelievably its closing will only come into effect for preexisting multinationals in 2020 . 
  not only that , but they have introduced another way of dodging the 12.5 % tax with something called the knowledge development box - reducing existing tax by half . 
  your entire tax system is set up to be exploited . 
  that 's how your country is sticking up the two fingers to everyone else . 
  ireland 's economic structure has given europe the two fingers more than the uk ever could . 
  and actually , if we 're talking cross-country politics , i 'm pretty sure that europe has gesticulated more to the uk than the uk has reciprocated with . 
  corporate tax has very little to do with it . 
  most multinationals go to ireland to make use of legal loopholes allowing them to pay less than 1 % tax . 
   what does what europe think matter to you , you 're leaving . 
  you sound like a detestable individual . 
  i 'm from europe , idiot . 
  the uk has n't drifted off yet . 
  and yes , europe should be fuming . 
  ireland is an effective way of reducing taxable income from anywhere in the eu . 
  oh , and did i mention that ireland is still a net beneficiary of eu money ? 
  mostly due to being a tax haven . 
  europe should be fuming . 
  you have absolutely no idea how parliament works in this country , do you ? 
  we do n't vote for leaders ; we vote for individual mps to make up parliament . 
  this is an internal reshuffling in the conservative party , nothing more . 
  and by the way , may was leading the polls massively in the leadership bid before the others dropped out - hence why they left . 
   brits will go back to calling out every other country for their lack of democracy . 
  brexit has been hugely democratic . 
  you would never see anything similar in america , or even a lot of europe . 
  these kinds of referendum are illegal in the netherlands , for example . 
  the people voted , and the leaders are working out how to make it happen . 
  let 's not pretend that democracy has n't prevailed here . 
  that 's not due to the size of the economy , that 's because we have n't employed enough negotiators . 
  as per the article . 
  nothing about how a bigger economy gets better deals . 
  please read what you link . 
   the left parties have been sabotaging both ceta and ttip negotiations . 
  i think you mean brexit has been sabotaging negotiations . 
  you did n't actually think you had any choice in accepting the will of your overlords , did you ? 
  brexit saved you from that mess . 
  let 's have a look at a little eu democracy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9rmwvyqkxk oh dear , oh dear . 
  see ya lads !, 
   true , but the eu is also able to negotiate with many different countries simultaneously , whereas a single country would n't be . 
  no evidence to support this . 
   eu countries are able to more favourable terms no evidence to support this .
