  also , just getting a deal takes too bloody long since the eu is so slow . 
   it absolutely is an intended feature . 
  wrong . 
  the eu is dependent on external trade for its internal commerce . 
  if europe had vast natural resources , it could be entirely independent ; it is not . 
  however that 's not an intended feature . 
  the eu wants as many trade deals externally , yet currently it finds itself too slow and unwieldy to establish them . 
  it 's a major disadvantage for the eu since europe does not have many primary resources , meaning it has to trade for them in order to generate internal commerce . 
  which part ? 
  a single market is about increasing regulation homogeneity and eliminating tariffs for easier trade . 
  nothing within that is protectionist ; not internally , nor externally . 
  yes , obviously . 
   it always was protectionist outside itself , that was the point \\ ^ bullshit written by the person i 'm replying to ^ the single market was devised to reduce protectionism , not increase it externally . 
  you lot are braindead . 
  no the whole point of a single market is to remove protectionism ... edit : ... not increase it externally you idiots . 
  brace yourself , ~ ~ winter ~ ~ article 50 is coming . 
  i see many eu problems suddenly compounding in glorious union . 
  and please stop using our language until you can do so properly . 
   getting triggered over your own insult nice one mate . 
   london number 1 triggered . 
   londonstockexchange just merged with deutscheboerse no it has n't . 
  if it did as per the original stipulations , it would benefit britain massively . 
  however , it is unlikely to happen without severe modification to the merge arrangement . 
  the minimum wage is lower in germany than the uk , and the wages paid by lush would not be higher . 
  most likely less , which is why he feels inclined to move his business . 
  i 've seen people legit tell british people to leave this subreddit . 
  pathetic , really . 
  that 's untrue . 
  it 's only recently that 's being shown on censuses , and the inaccuracy is down to people with multiple ancestries favouring one over the other . 
  in the 1980 census , english was the largest single ancestry by far and largest ancestry overall . 
  british ancestry in total ( including scotland , wales and ni ) far dwarfs german ancestry . 
  german immigration to the us over a few centuries past independence has only totalled around 8million , compared with english as 5million . 
  however , the us was around 25million in size before any major immigration events occured and at that point it was almost all english . 
  the idea that there is more german ancestry in the us is ludicrous and has only been supported by the most recent censuses where ` american ' is an option and it is of course self reported . 
  the fact the most common surnames among whites are mostly british in origin , and generally match up to the top10 in england and wales today , whereas the anglicized version of germany 's top10 only yields one match - ` smith ' . 
  you sound like you 're off the rails . 
  the eu is a union between countries , europe is those countries . 
  what ? 
  you 're not making much sense . 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  firstly , i said europe not the eu . 
  secondly , if i were to say eu instead of europe , there are many corroborating instances . 
  use your noggin . 
  i said it 's significantly more likely the deal would be called off than altered . 
  those two possibilities are both small in relation to the deal passing . 
  these stories are all made up . 
  they obviously do n't know . 
   it 's economy is completely ruled by multinational nah . 
  do n't think so . 
  hahaha . 
  i genuinely laughed out loud . 
  there is no `` british society '' ? 
  well lad , i live in one . 
  yeah , but the upper echelon of talent in british society is unsurprisingly dominated by british individuals . 
  ftse250 is doing better than a lot of european indices that have many less components . 
  the pound was the only thing that would be considered ` damaging ' , but even then , it dropped only a small amount and the lower rate encourages exports . 
  the euro has taken a hit too . 
  if you look at total value lost post-brexit for britain and europe , europe has lost 4x what britain has . 
  not true . 
  markets seem to think that choice is not so easy , judging by the poor performance of european stocks and currency . 
   that workforce is for a large part not native to the uk . 
  err ... no . 
  the vast majority is native . 
  `` disagreement is verboten !! '', 
   creating an account with the name ` brexit hangover ' just to downvote and lambaste british redditors on a european subreddit . 
  eu federalist in a nutshell . 
  the eu is just as uncertain . 
  not only might there be no free trade between it and its largest trading partner , but more nations may leave it . 
  / u/brexithangover telling me that the germans reusing a phrase from ww2 that was to be deployed if britain ever got invaded by germany , whilst also parroting economic recourse for the exit of an undemocratic union is just ` banter ' . 
  right . 
   refusing to leave ok lad . 
  i would n't say it 's unlikely . 
  the headquarters will be london unless german regulators do not want it . 
  in which case , they have no power to modify the deal and can only end it . 
  if the deal is ended , it will have to be renegotiated and both london and german shareholders will have to vote on the merger again - something that is likely not to pass if the headquarters is no longer london . 
   that the headquartes will be in frankfurt . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  negotiations would have to restart . 
  the agreement would be void . 
  it 's far more likely the deal would be called off . 
  ... what ? 
  that 's not what the eu is for . 
  and if anything , europe has been significantly more hostile to the uk than vice versa . 
  the billboard in the op is evidence of that . 
  and how many more do you think will move to the uk by virtue of the low gbp/usd rate ? 
  do you realise that the deutsche b\u00f6rse - lse merger will feature london as the headquarters , as part of the agreement ? 
  you sound saltier than me , when you resort to those kinds of comments . 
  not really . 
  the last two will not change , and the first is unlikely to lose its potency . 
  if anything , the gbp/usd rate will make the uk more inviting to startups . 
  5 start ups ? 
  that 's all ? 
  the whole point of startups is that they 're not worth much ; 5 is hardly a big loss . 
  they do n't need to move anywhere . 
  london usually ranks no. 1 in europe for tech startups , and it 's not because of the eu . 
  having world class financial services / skilled workforce / internet links is what puts london ahead . 
  that 's good to know , but most people viewing this sign wo n't know that . 
  this just tarnishes our views of germany . 
  needlessly divisive . 
  do you really think our startups are going to pack up shop and move straight to germany after seeing this sign ?
