  china 's price dumping is deplorable and needs to be dealt with . 
  shame there 's no real political will for it . 
  hitler continued his offensive during winter though . 
  that 's interesting . 
  [ this pdf gives more information on the metrics used ] ( https://www.government.nl/binaries/government/documents/reports/2016/01/18/public-integrity-and-trust-in-europe/hertie-2015-public-integrity-and-trust-in-europe-final.pdf ) . 
  at the heart of it though , all it measures are public single bidding contracts . 
  which in of itself does n't really apply to private companies under their own autonomy . 
  i believe that 's perceived corruption . 
  not actual corruption . 
  that 's completely false . 
  how is it embarrassing ? 
  the uk is significant net contributor . 
  poland is being robbed , of bright people . 
  there is something called freedom of movement which is prohibitive to greater economic development in poland . 
  you 're definitely wrong with those sorts of absolutes . 
  well , you 're wrong . 
  and that makes the uk any less homogeneous ? 
  it does n't matter if a village is smaller than a city , it still has its community, 
   homogenous uk compared to the continent , it is mostly . 
  you know i 'm right . 
  and fyi neither scotland nor england are genetically homogeneous or distinct . 
  the se of england is different genetically than those found in yorkshire ; those found in yorkshire are different than sw england , etc. 
  there are no `` english genes '' or `` scottish genes '' , the commonality is found across the british isles when compared to other european nations , through centuries of intermixing . 
  that is to say all subsets of the british isles are recognisable as their own variants , but there are no coincidental boundaries that correspond to england , ireland , scotland or wales . 
  each subset is recognisable as british when compared to the european continent . 
  for example , the north of england is genetically closer to the average scotsman , than the average irishman is . 
  and the north of england is also further away genetically from the south east of england than it is to scotland . 
  in this regard it is silly to say that se and nw england have more genetically in common because they live in the same border region . 
  there 's nothing wrong with ethnic identity , but your seeing things into unrelated comments makes me believe it 's something of an unhealthy obsession for yourself . 
   furthermore the implication ( ? ), 
  that ethnic english and scottish do n't exist is puzzling . 
  i never said that explicitly or implicitly . 
  you sound like you belong in a padded white room . 
  i disagree often with the average north london voter in the same way i disagree often with the average glasgow voter . 
  country boarders do n't matter here . 
  no one thinks to themselves `` i better vote with my countrymen , otherwise i 'd be letting the side down '' . 
  england does n't run the country , it is a descriptor of some of the people that run the country . 
  but nothing more . 
  england is n't a homogeneous entity . 
  ` you ' does n't exist . 
  someone in scotland gets as much say as someone in england . 
  quarterly growth uses no different data , it 's simply an extrapolation of the trajectory . 
  and as that links says , i 'm sure that the op data has been consolidated post event . 
  well , something is clearly amiss here because the eurostat table in the op does n't have germany break 1.9 % for any quarter . 
  i 'm going to assume that the ` second estimation ' in the title means that the op is the newer version . 
  a 10 % price drop does not make or break a famine . 
  absolutely not . 
  if there was demand for imports , then the farmers would not have exported . 
  also , it was repealed anyway . 
  it 's not our fault the irish farmers sold abroad . 
  i ca n't believe people are falling for this obvious bait . 
  wow , so noninclusive !, 
  bigots like you need to understand the importance of lgbtjklfwfvvvgegwqssxchjtrqwdqqai + - = , not this antiquated , ableist lgbtqqai + nonsense . 
  / r/europe should be a safe space free from opinions and disagreement !, 
  she will win . 
   first universal programmable computer was invented in germany , our computer architecture as we still use it today was invented by the hungarian-american john von neumann . 
  wrong and wrong . 
  first universal , turing complete programmable computer was invented by charles babbage - the analytical engine . 
  also , the first electronic digital programmable machine was the colossus ; also british . 
  secondly von neumann architecture is n't used today , people have reduced the concept down to a shared memory region . 
  i do n't think she is going to do that - it would certainly be the death of her political career . 
  if there 's one thing the uk internally agrees on , [ it 's that immigration needs to be reduced ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-of-concern/#kp3 ) . 
  it 's not just eu immigrants i 'm talking about . 
  if ` sense ' is forgoing your heritage , then sure . 
  england made the same mistake on a grander scale . 
   it is a positive influence though . 
  give it time and you 'll wish for your homeland back . 
  that 's not how it works ... in fact , aside from your misunderstanding of eu budgeting , may has pledged to increase spending on r&d . 
  if that 's what you want to believe . 
  ` mental gymnastics ' . 
  it 's pretty clear english for anyone with a basic comprehension . 
  it 's funny that the leave voters had less trouble understanding than everyone else . 
  so where does it say there is going to be an extra 350 million a week ? 
  quote the statement . 
  you are misinterpreting what was said . 
  point to me where that was claimed from the leave side . 
  i want leave voters in scotland to be proportionately represented . 
  an 11 % discrepancy is not `` very close '' , not at all . 
  you ca n't do basic maths . 
   of course it did . 
  i do n't even know what your arguement would be for it not to . 
  as i 've said clearly and repeatedly . 
  the parliament underrepresented the interests of leave voters . 
  you excusing it does n't make its misrepresentation any less present . 
  this is basic logic . 
   first of all the line you were responding to was not `` westminster is unrepresentative of scots '' but this that 's the same logical statement . 
  let me break it down for you . 
  * `` the devolved parliament represent the wills of their people in a way that westminster does n't . '', 
  * '' [ ... ] represents the wills of their people in a way that westminster does n't . '', 
  * `` westminster does n't represent the wills of their people . '', 
  * `` westminster does n't represent the wills of [ the scottish ] people . '', 
   as holyrood exclusively represents scotland whereas westminster does not and that makes scottish parliament more representative in this situation , how ? 
  the mathematical fact is , it was not representative . 
  there are leave voters in scotland not being represented currently . 
  that is the actuality , that you can not change . 
   which no you must n't , because that does n't make any sense . 
  both systems follow the same rules , holyrood simply represents scottish interests whereas westminster represents uk interests . 
  we 're not talking about function , we 're talking about an event . 
   thirdly paragraphs are not sentences . 
  [ wrong , although pretty irrelavent .
