  there 's no doubt britain will endure losses , but it only takes one more country voting to leave that 'll send the eu to its grave . 
  i do n't think there is any doubt that the uk will leave the eu . 
  the government confirmed there would not be a second referendum , and david cameron announced he would resign . 
  europe only needs to suffer economically a little bit to drive up euroskepticism . 
  another country wanting to leave the eu would be disastrous . 
  rejecting talks places greater uncertainty on both the pound and the euro . 
  both the uk and the eu will be hit by this . 
  i think it 'll hurt europe more than the uk . 
  the good ones are superb at both . 
  lol , my degree is in mathematics . 
   there was a 10 % difference but a difference of 5 %, 
  london gets comparatively less funding for the tax it yields . 
  i have my own business that uses autonomous functionality to trade . 
  so actually , yes , i do profit on my ability . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  it does mean a ` lowering ' , just not a full stop to it , which makes sense . 
  the bus did n't lie . 
  read it properly . 
  yes , but it does n't mean it 'll be used solely for it . 
  free movement is far different from free movement of labour . 
  not true . 
  this passive aggression is off the charts . 
  too funny man . 
  you do n't notice them when they 're constantly downvoted . 
  i voted leave , and do not regret it one jot . 
  it 's not a conclusion , it 's an explanation you filthy pleb . 
  and explanations are usually the crux of an argument . 
  `` disagreeing with our opinions is prohibited '' - / r/europe, 
   cause a lot of you guys are cunts profound argument . 
  why 's that ? 
  because people think it 's unfair that scotland gets subsidised despite having the largest gdp per capita in the uk ? 
  surprising since you have a disproportionate number of seats in westminster , whereas little to no voice in the eu . 
  passporting is meaningless since the implementation is up to the host 's regulations - hence why finance is n't considered to be in the single market . 
  you too !, 
  unfortunately i do n't think britain will properly leave the single market . 
  instead , replaced with a spanning web of individual trade deals which will amount to the same thing . 
  whichever side has the largest manufacturing industry in a free trade deal will benefit disproportionately . 
  britain does not have the largest , so it makes sense to be protectionist so we can nurture and grow it . 
  there 's a reason no one is in a free trade arrangement with china . 
  similar principals apply to why i think britain would be better outside the single market . 
  i do n't think britain benefits from the eu . 
  our largest service industry , finance , is not in a single market . 
  the manufacturing in this country has declined , presumably because without trade tariffs there is little reason to produce domestically rather than ship it in from somewhere cheaper like germany . 
  germany will always have an economical advantage in manufacturing because they are larger in size and have better transport links with other countries in the eu . 
  does n't matter , they decide their budget . 
  and it 's over what it should be . 
  they could request less money if they were decent , but they 're not . 
  edit : and as i search it up , it turns out they oppose it because they believe they should get more money . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barnett_formula#northern_irish.2c_scottish_and_welsh_criticisms get fucked scotland, 
  except britain subsidises the eu , and is under-represented for that contribution . 
  you can make the same argument with any smaller region in england . 
  no region has ultimate power . 
  every person has the exact same sway in our democracy . 
  that 's how it works . 
  i 'd rather see them out . 
  they are subsidised by the uk massively , over-represented in the government , yet they turn around and elect snp by a big margin . 
  disgusting and offensive . 
  the opposite . 
  trade restrictions would benefit the uk a lot more than , say germany . 
  in fact german trade organisations came grovelling the night of the referendum for a trade agreement . 
  the truth is , services are less affected by single markets as they are specialised , and not very portable . 
  as we know , britain is a very strong service economy . 
  manufacturing , however , trends to one single point in a large enough trading zone . 
  that point is currently germany . 
  imposing trade tariffs on german products would make it economical for businesses to make products in britain when they sell to the british people . 
  this would increase british ppp over time , therefore increasing prosperity . 
  in fact , the largest element to the uk 's service sector , finance , is not part of a single market . 
  hahaha . 
  i 've seen you on here talking shit about britain for a long time . 
  reap what you sow m8 . 
  completely different . 
  although i suppose they sound similar if you were explaining it to a child . 
  67 % turnout in scotland , yet nearly 40 % voted to leave . 
  the turnout for the scottish referendum was 85 % , at a 55/45 % split . 
  that was when oil was a decent price ; now it 's in the shitter . 
  the vast majority of scotland 's trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  scotland does n't even meet the requirements to enter the eu . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  `` most eu chapters '' convincing argument . 
  also , i doubt support for independence is over 50 % , despite what reddit thinks . 
  no it 's not . 
  i voted leave - i 'm against the single market . 
  europe tries not to pick on merit . 
  it 's a world leader in quotas . 
  scotland also receives more net tax per capita than the rest of the uk . 
  the extra contributions do not outweigh the extra budget for scotland . 
  that 's household income , which is not really what you want to use . 
  [ per capita income ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_per_capita_income ) is a better metric . 
  she 's the chairwomen of the group ` friends of syria ' group . 
  that makes her much more of a target . 
  most mps are pro-remain , i fail to see how that would make someone want to attack her . 
  how on earth does this relate to brexit ? 
  even if the guy did shout ` britain first ' which is still unconfirmed , how is that anything to do with brexit ? 
   technocratic no way in hell is it technocratic . 
  that 's not nigel was discussing . 
  he was talking about the current governments reaction , not the global one ( which i 'm sure he has a handle on - he 's being in this game for decades ) . 
  you ca n't research what dodgy dave will do in the event of brexit . 
  that 's his thing . 
  he likes to keep things uncertain so people are worried about leaving . 
  most website will give you this popup whether they track you or not .
