  for what reason ? 
  the consequence of the present . 
  as stated above , germany benefits disproportionally from its size . 
  having three major powers in europe of roughly the same size in gdp and population is a lot more stable than just one . 
  should scotland be forced apart from britain ? 
  from a purely european perspective : no , because the disparity between the largest country and the mean case would widen . 
  you think a conceptual border is unfair ? 
  how about germany systematically destroying greek and polish industry , from which neither has quite recovered ? 
  if germany did n't want to be split up then it should n't have started a war , from which it vandalized the entirety of europe . 
  it 's a shame that germany was n't kept as two separate countries . 
  then perhaps we would n't be in the situation we are in now where germans are greedily feasting upon other economies whilst spouting passive nationalism . 
  west and east germany should have become separate countries . 
  there 's nothing unfair about that . 
  the eu was never about ` holding germany back ' , it was an attempt to prevent war through intermingling economies . 
  the idea being that an attack against your enemy would be an attack against your own economy . 
  germany post war was restored and rejuvenated with foreign funds with no expectation of repayment . 
  meanwhile , france and britain had to pay their debts for a war they did not want . 
  there was , and is , nothing special about german manufacturing other than a large legislatively homogeneous region , meaning it is preferable in logistics and economy to do business in that area . 
  without import tax or differing currencies in the eu , there is literally no reason to base your manufacturing in the region you wish to sell to . 
  this means , given any variation of the circumstances , entrepreneurs will always choose the largest manufacturing base for business . 
  not one country in europe wanted germany to unify - without it , west germany was similar in size to france and britain . 
  the us unilaterally took charge and now we are in a position where one country in the eu has the largest population and gdp , causing disproportionate gain for that country . 
  unfair and unjust looking back . 
  germans are very lucky to have such unequal treatment . 
   it 's - \\  its hope you do n't mind the correction given your name . 
  that sweet spot you are in is due to the eu environment . 
  germany benefits disproportionately from a shared currency and manufacturing size . 
  pretty unfair i 'd say . 
  like most of europe , we have rubbish politicians . 
  i 'm sure we 'll bumble our way through it if brexit happens . 
  i would n't be surprised if a good lot of people jump ship to other english speaking countries should we encounter a recession . 
  the cynicism in britain is unhealthy and will ultimately lead the country to becoming more politically explosive . 
  history has shown that people are willing to adopt extreme views in response to cultural adversity . 
  brexit is less about seeing britain positively and more about viewing the eu administration negatively . 
  a lot of british people have very little loyalty to britain . 
  there are currently 13.1 million british nationals living abroad , a good majority will never return . 
  well , the first stock exchange was created in london 19 years before the second , which was the nyse . 
  both the us&uk have strong financial ties in this regard and somewhat feed on each other . 
  in a perfect world , there would n't be such a large profit off financial solutions , however that is not the world we live in . 
  i would rather the uk had kept its manufacturing over financial services . 
  and i disagree about propaganda . 
  i rarely see anything shining britain in a good light these days . 
  often i see fellow britons more negative about the uk than foreigners , which is a difficult challenge to meet in the first place . 
  cynicism is at an all time high in britain . 
  if you think this is a british problem , you have n't seen what 's happening in europe these days . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/mar/06/germany-gender-quota-legislation-boardroom-law-women http://www.euractiv.com/section/innovation-industry/news/new-swedish-government-mulls-quotas-for-women-on-company-boards/ at least this is somewhat contained to the bbc . 
  technically positive discrimination is illegal in the uk . 
  generally because the people running the bbc were n't hired on competence to start with . 
  pathetic . 
  this aggravates me . 
  coal fired plants can be clean if using the correct exhaust filtering technology . 
  the uk rebate is due to a lack of agriculture and nothing else . 
  if you think we were getting net money from it , you are very misinformed . 
  by definition , it 's racist . 
  i am asserting that non-britons are relatively inferior . 
  the last half of the comedy segment , was just not that . 
  no comedy . 
  it was a list of stereotypical offensive statements that people laughed to , and there is an important difference : comedy is humanity 's way of processing the unexpected . 
  clever puns , witty humour . 
  they both rely on unexpected punchlines . 
  if you are laughing at something that is not unexpected , it is because it is confirming your experiences . 
  i 'm sure many people would argue that 's comedy , but to me it is n't . 
  laughter in that situation is just a broadcast to others that you agree , and nothing else . 
  there is no intelligence behind that sort of sketch . 
  the last half of that video would not be shown on british tv because there is n't a lot of demand for a program that insults and projects biases without corroboration . 
  and the other distinction : if a british tv show made a jab against germany , it would be for their actions , not for who they are . 
  i mean calling an entire country effeminate , ugly self righteous people . 
  it was n't even padded as a joke . 
  it was stated factually . 
  how can people defend that as satire ? 
  the financial crisis does not invalid his point . 
  how do you know that ? 
  i sure they would if it were that simple . 
  you ca n't just pump money into an area and expect economic returns . 
  how do you know that the subsidies are n't already saturating growth prospects ? 
  or maybe it 's because the government has adjusted to work around the eu subsidy ? 
  we have been in the eu for a long time now , i think it 's silly to suggest that similar subsidy would n't happen if we were out of it . 
  that makes no sense since britain is a net contributor . 
  the eu is n't paying anything ; britain is paying the eu to give us some of it back . 
  nobody is ` getting the short end ' . 
  trade is purely consensual . 
  that 's the whole point of it . 
  trade is already ` you do me a favour , i do you a favour ' . 
  britain imports large amounts , and thereby contributes significantly to the european economy . 
  germany , france and many others will be scrambling to keep that money coming in . 
  strong currency/weak currency does n't matter . 
  it 's just an arbitrary number . 
  it 's the rate of change that matters . 
  the huge trade surplus is more consequential of being the largest economy in the region . 
  smaller industries existing in different countries do not have the large fiscal homogeneity to compete with germany . 
  the euro has done germany very well , as it sucks up business in smaller nations . 
  yes , and germany likely has a higher gdp per capita because of the increased taxes . 
  it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  i would n't say the current government is competent , but it certainly has an edge on the alternative parties . 
  that 's not true . 
  most rank decently on many international rankings . 
  high-tier universities are the hardest in the world . 
  low-tier universities are simply not comprehensive enough . 
  in the uk we have this massive variance in what to expect from your education . 
   why do you suspect nato would not react quickly to one of its signatories invoking art .
