  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paragraph ) `` a paragraph consists of ** one ** or more sentences . 
   westminster represents u.k. interests . 
  one is obviously better equipped to represent scotland than the other . 
  it may be better equipped to represent scotland , but in this case it did n't . 
  this is not an argument . 
   trying to leapfrog to equivocating the two from a post comparing voter percentage to `` parliament '' percentage is just nonsensical . 
  rubbish . 
  mps in parliament are still voters , and they are counted for proportional comparison . 
   your second paragraph ( you have two , a sentence is not a paragraph ) does n't make sense . 
  it see , s quite clear you either do n't understand the procedure you 're using to illustrate your point , or that you 're misrepresenting it . 
  be explicit rather than dodging explaining yourself . 
  it sounds like you have no argument here . 
  if that 's a false equivalency , then it is also incorrect to say that westminster was not representative . 
  in reality , it 's not false since we are evaluating a proportional vote . 
  my second ( you mean third ) paragraph makes total sense , and i 'd expect anyone with half a brain to understand that argument . 
  i understand what i 'm talking about ; you clearly do n't . 
  this is a simple concept - 38 % of voters in scotland voted for brexit . 
  27 % of scottish parliament voted to block brexit . 
  you can not argue that scottish voters on a proportional level were represented . 
  that is not up for discussion . 
  furthermore , if you think that that the vote in westminster was unrepresentative of scotland , then you must also agree that scottish parliament was unrepresentative too . 
  you do n't seem to understand that the referendum was on proportional terms , and scotland is thereby not being represented properly . 
  and what outcome do i dislike ? 
  there 's nothing to care about when it does n't affect anything . 
  and ? 
  it still does n't represent the scottish people . 
  you ca n't say westminster is unrepresentative whilst excusing scottish parliament without rational exception . 
  i 'm not making anything up , look at the vote tally in parliment and compare it to the referendum . 
  2 in 5 people in scotland voted leave . 
  snp likes to pretend is was 0/5 . 
  no , the proportion was out of wack . 
  for the same reason westminster did n't represent scotland , scottish parliament did n't represent scotland either . 
   the devolved parliament represent the wills of their people in a way that westminster does n't . 
  no it does n't . 
  scottish leave voters were underrepresented in scottish parliament . 
  it would be rather dysfunctional if scottish parliament could veto brexit . 
  no you did n't read that poll today . 
  you instead read that 61 % of scots think independence is likely in the next 30 years . 
  a huge , gaping distinction . 
  if you are that unable to comprehend basic information , i do n't think i should bother reading the rest of your comment . 
  it 's to do with hiring/firing people and strike action . 
  labour laws . 
  in fact i personally know an executive for a large multinational that 's in the process of moving jobs out of france for that reason . 
  it 's true though . 
  i know a lot of people in london finance . 
  france is a bit of a joke since your laws are anti-business . 
  i disagree . 
  to me it says `` let 's spend some of that money on the nhs instead '' emphasis on ` some ' . 
  you are a silly man . 
  what you 've posted there is a lie . 
  `` 350 million a week for the nhs '' was never said . 
  it was `` we send the eu # 350 million every week . 
  let 's fund our nhs instead '' . 
  never did it say the full # 350 million would go to the nhs . 
  the # 350 million figure is not wrong either - it 's the amount of money that the eu is in charge of spending whether it 's in britain or not . 
  aggregate totals do n't matter ; quality does . 
  apologies , i mistook it for a similar video . 
  looks pathetic to be honest . 
  you do n't know what the word ` stall ' means . 
  ah yes , let 's allow businesses to freely pack up shop and move to the third world . 
  free trade ca n't ever be bad thing , right ? 
  you do n't need diplomacy at that point because any situation that requires it would not arise . 
  it 's this mentality that will be the death of europe . 
  a shitload of missiles does significantly more than ` diplomacy ' in protecting our own civilisation . 
  the original ira only managed to scrap together 3000 active fighters at its peak . 
  those fighters take responsibility for murdering unionist civilians and burning their houses , killing multiple policemen and ultimately militarising ireland 's police force . 
  the 1918 ge did n't speak for much . 
  a lot of unionist voters had volunteered for the army when the vote took place , and sinn f\u00e9in got less than 50 % support anyway if we count by the popular vote , so in reality , they did n't have the will of the people . 
  the ira back then was as terroristic and undemocratic as it would be later on . 
  you 're right , both were blood-driven terror organisations that had no interest in respecting the wishes of the people . 
  / r/europe has a lot of ira sympathisers . 
  you just found one of them . 
  textbook economics for kids . 
  maybe . 
  incorrect in the real world . 
  why ? 
  one reason is domestic economic sourcing . 
  i 'll focus on labour . 
  most living costs are domestic ; a change in currency rates will either undervalue or overvalue them . 
  the costs are priced at what people are paying for them . 
  let 's say the pound went up by 20 % and demand therefore fell for some export - the people producing that export will be able to pay less for their living costs . 
  the costs will fall as a result because they are valued from market demand . 
  since costs are cheaper , the price of the export can decrease . 
  that is what happens in practice . 
  anything produced from domestic resource has this effect . 
  now there are also many other factors at play , too . 
  people are buying your currency ? 
  ok great , where is that money flowing ? 
  does it have high economic engagement or was it just used to buy gold ? 
  is there a geographic ppp differential ? 
  what is the gross liquidity transfers across your border etc etc. 
  to say 20 % currency price increase =  20 % more expensive exports , is just ignorant . 
  i mean it even ignores the costs associated with importing resources that form your final product . 
  if germany had its own currency and that currency were 20 % stronger than the euro , then it would make exports 20 % more expensive . 
  this has nothing to do with the rate of change . 
  obviously , it would also make imports correspondingly cheaper . 
  facepalm . 
  that 's all i 'm reading , for it is enough . 
  your understanding of economics is very reduced , or even poor . 
   while having a comparatively weak currency helps a bit wrong .
