  they designed the sign to offend us , nothing else . 
   you could be more consise by rewording this as `` service is the product of labor '' that does n't describe what labour is . 
   a large company that provides software solutions is providing a service , but the individual workers could n't provide that same service outside the company . 
  this does not negate  service is the product of a workforce , where labour is that workforce . 
  i am not saying that service can only exclusively exist as a function of labour alone . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say since i 'm sure everyone agrees they are distinct from each other . 
  in economics service is the product of a workforce , where labour is that workforce . 
  and in economics , labour as a verb is a service . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/service_ ( economics ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_economics, 
  labour is the workforce . 
  service is the tradable outcome of that workforce . 
  give it a year . 
  one poll put leave ahead for sweden if brexit happened . 
  think i 'll hold it open for people right behind me . 
  i voted leave . 
  seems like i made the right choice . 
  i do n't recall doing that either . 
  you sound a tad salty . 
  and 3/4 of the items on that list are tradable . 
  a market is just a format for trading . 
  you do n't trade labour . 
  that 's called a service . 
  you do n't trade labour . 
  wanting immigrants to contribute to your economy , or not bother immigrating , is hardly xenophobic . 
   the contribution of `` britain first !, 
  '' , `` national action '' and the bnp . 
  it is clear you do n't live here . 
   large part was based entirely in xenophobia and racism that 's a bold claim , which i disagree with entirely . 
  three times nothing is still nothing m8 . 
  how you can lambaste 52 % of the vote as racist is nothing other than willful ignorance . 
   now shown an ugly racist side it 's laughable that you have this worldview . 
  i too enjoy trading people . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  legal issues are not subjective . 
  britain 's governmental structure is within eu law , therefore all derivatives are too . 
  there is n't ` from our perspective ' on this . 
  it 's not a breach of democracy , because again , the result was not tied to any legal mechanism . 
  it is an opinion poll . 
  that 's it . 
   article 7 suspension except britain does not violate eu law , so it would be void . 
  the referendum is not domestically binding in a legal sense at all . 
  the uk would not be violating human rights by choosing not to enact changes on the back of it . 
  yes they would ; there 's nothing that they can do about it within the framework of the eu . 
  it can be cancelled . 
  an internal referendum is not legally binding domestically or abroad . 
  it is really just a very accurate opinion poll . 
  not that i would want it to be - but it could if the governing forces wished it so . 
  brexit can be cancelled or delayed - we have n't activated article 50 which would make it legally binding . 
  not that i would personally want either of those things , but hollande is wrong in the eyes of the law . 
  he just added the link in the second command . 
  actually no . 
  it will help uk agriculture since it no longer needs to compete with foreign products . 
  an opinion piece in the guardian which has no sources , and no data on net statistics . 
  thanks . 
  scottish oil has only recently peaked in revenue . 
  the books do n't lie , scotland is a net drain on the uk , and has been for every data point i 've seen . 
  no it absolutely did not . 
  scotland gets more money than it yields in taxes . 
  i 'm talking about absolute values , rather than relative ones . 
  scotland is a net drain to the uk . 
  i would expect that drain to be worse for the eu . 
  yes , i do . 
  it 's a mysterious place sometimes known as '' * the real world * '' . 
  250 is just as international , and i was comparing the 100 to their european equivalents . 
  the european market indices have been performing worse than the ftse-100 today . 
  the iseq in particular was down 10 % . 
  considering how much larger the european economy is over britain , that 's a pretty devastating blow . 
  the uk is n't the only country with a large eurosceptic presence . 
  expect the eu to be in tatters in two years time . 
  i meant sweden , not nl . 
  fixed it now . 
  i said neither of those things . 
  you might want to work on your english . 
   it only takes a little hit to push the eu over the edge . 
   takes a little hit ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ . 
   little hit `` jesus christ , you guys think ur so powerful !! '', 
  the only delusion here is reading things you are not . 
  where did i say majority ? 
  eurosceptic party had 20 % of the vote , it says on the wiki page . 
  ukip in the uk only had 12 % . 
  even if you disagree with austria , there are still plenty to choose from on the wiki page . 
  there are swedish polls that put an independence vote ahead . 
  more than half of french citizens want a referendum on the eu . 
  denmark , netherlands , austria . 
  there is plenty of euroscepticism in europe . 
   then were is the brexit plan ? 
  there is none . 
  yes there is . 
  george osborne just came out today saying they would deploy their contingency plan devised in the event of brexit . 
  the sky is only falling for britain here on reddit . 
  in reality , european markets are doing worse than the british ones . 
  they 're only a burbling mess on reddit . 
  the politicians have rejected a second referendum , and i do n't believe it was ever on the cards . 
  not one item on the front page mentioning how european exchange indices were doing worse than the ftse-100 , or how the iseq was at -10 % today . 
  it 's not really worth coming to this sub if you want a clear picture of the world . 
  anti-eu or pro-uk = see you in downvote hell . 
   leavers have no plan . 
  not true . 
  osborne came out today and revealed that the government has a contingency plan which had been in development for 5 months prior . 
  it only takes a little hit to push the eu over the edge .
