  along with industry . 
  again - contentious . 
  hitler bolstered german science , before it was not competitative with other european nations . 
  that 's why it was a center for only a few years . 
  after he went ape on the jews , science declined . 
  others ' lists are big also . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  four people ? 
  what a great argument . 
  i do n't think that 's a consensus opinion . 
  not really . 
  only for a few years maybe . 
  ranked map of europe , 73 % upvoted ? 
  britain must be # 1 . 
  you are mistaking me for the guy you initially replied to . 
  however , germany unilaterally suspended asylum treaties allowing migrants to flood into europe , whilst encouraging many more to come . 
  rather bizarrely , germany then threatened to sanction any eu member that did n't want to take in refugees . 
  letting in 2million + people unvetted from the middle east is always going to be a bad security move . 
  there 's no way to frame that as anything else . 
  although those two examples do make me angry , the majority of the conservative party is opposed to female shortlists . 
  and i believe the official position is still against them . 
  may did n't seem to over-represent women in her cabinet , so hopefully that tripe has ended . 
   enforcing positive discrimination quotas that would be illegal here . 
  and i believe such topical nonsense is confined to anything left of the lib dems . 
  glad we 're leaving this mess . 
  if there was some way we could make money without producing anything of value , or providing any service , we 'd all be trillionaires !, 
  my business is centered around a product of mine that is capable of operating autonomously - which provides a service . 
  britain trying to get favourable negotiations to exit ? 
  impossible !, 
  i thought us brits were supposed to lie down with paper bags on our heads awaiting eu annihilation for being naughty . 
  they 're getting worse as time goes on . 
  make a complaint , it only takes a second , and when they start piling up the bbc may feel more compelled to improve . 
  i made the business that makes the money . 
  if it makes good money autonomously , you can be sure it is of high value to society . 
  i have my own business , which makes money with very little intervention . 
  you , on the other hand , contribute nothing to anyone 's society . 
  not really . 
  perhaps you should read up on what pmi is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_managers%27_index#formula.2c_calculation.2c_and_reading there is no graduation between severe deterioration and minor deterioration . 
  and of course , the index is based off self reporting data - nothing empirical . 
  in fact this article is hilariously misleading on many counts . 
  the title `` brexit plunges uk economy to worst level since 2009 '' is complete misinformation . 
  i will be making a complaint to the bbc about this , and i recommend anyone that feels similarly to do the same . 
  british people : `` we want to leave . '', 
  eu : `` ok then , do it precisely now . 
  i said now !, 
  right this moment '' british people : `` we will do it within a sensible schedule , since it is our decision to make '' . 
  overcontrolling europe at its best . 
  `` b-but britain is n't leaving this very second on the hour !!, 
  i thought they wanted to leave ?!?! '', 
  that 's how ridiculous you sound . 
  damn , that raoul moat comment caught me off guard . 
  yeah , we really need people going around dreaming up all kinds of gendered delineations unimaginable . 
  truly - a great asset . 
  it 's not ` just ' a beer . 
  it gets you intoxicated , unlike other drinks . 
  good , because it 's not that either . 
  meanwhile britain is also expected to grow despite brexit . 
  i want to get off mr. eu 's wild ride . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ a ^ ^ few ^ ^ more ^ ^ years ^ ^ to ^ ^ go . 
  the severe retard award 2016 is proudly bestowed onto you / u/collectiveindividual . 
   ordering them to risk their lives opposed to being sunk by u-boats ? 
  then they should leave the eu if they want control over their trade agreements with other countries . 
  he 's a dick . 
  terrorist sympathiser also . 
  no it 's absolutely not . 
  all it means is that big companies have to hand over data that is transferred over their service . 
  tor , for example , would be untouched . 
  she was never going to ban encryption . 
  she just wanted powers to get companies to relinquish the keys if needed . 
   expecting to be payed until you actually land another job except we pay the eu , so it can pay countries like yours , not the other way round . 
   expecting a good reference letter while what on earth is this analogous to ? 
  your additions do not describe the reality here . 
  do n't bother with the eu . 
  just vote leave when it passes . 
  because you 're wrong , and you do n't want to admit it . 
  seriously , i 've been in this game long enough to know when someone does n't want to face up to their errors . 
   free movement of people and workers was one of the eu 's core concepts that you willingly chose to give up by leaving . 
  notice how it 's ` movement ' not ` position ' . 
   no one had any concrete plan for a post-eu britain wrong . 
  the government had a contingency plan , as george osborne spelled out . 
  they had been in dialogue with big companies in the uk many months prior . 
   if you 're upset that the eu , and you as a result , are going to be using each other 's residents as bargaining chips then the blame lays squarely on the uk for setting up the game no . 
  the uk does not want to use them as bargaining chips , as they 've said many times , but they will if the eu wants to . 
  leaving an economic union should not be combative . 
  it 's the eu that wants to make sure it 's unpleasant as possible so others do n't want to . 
  like an abusive partner . 
  it 's not 8th . 
  it 's been ranking 2nd , 3rd for the last while . 
  even with rebate . 
  i do n't even think there are eight net contributors . 
  you need to stop conflating the eu with sovereign countries . 
  disliking the eu does n't mean i hate europe . 
  they are distinct entities . 
  just remember , these people will turn on any european with the slightest hint of euroskepticism . 
  it 's like a relationship with an abusive partner . 
   your country voted to leave the eu . 
  that means you do n't get the benefits of being an eu member . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  britain does n't get everything it wants . 
  christ , the average / r/europe subscriber is retarded .
