  you need a lot of hydrogen . 
  those techniques do not produce it nearly fast enough . 
  then you 'll find that the net contribution per capita for the uk is actually pretty good . 
  taking the gross sum per capita is disingenuous since the uk also takes less out of the pot . 
  in that data , which is from ~ ~ 2012 ~ ~ 2010 , the uk was the second highest net contributor . 
  mentioning capita contributions is irrelevant ; it 's gross sums that make the eu tick . 
  for 2014 , the uk was about the same in net contributions as germany . 
  what you 've said there is a lie . 
  if you do n't want to dismantle the eu , then fiscal union is the only way forward . 
  monetary union without fiscal union is an awful way of doing things . 
  however , i very much doubt that many countries will want it . 
  look at its trade surplus . 
  http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/ben-bernanke/posts/2015/04/03-germany-trade-surplus-problem http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11584031/germanys-record-trade-surplus-is-a-bigger-threat-to-euro-than-greece.html https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2013/bulletin_93_js_st_article2-8164.pdf, 
  free trade zone with no currency barriers . 
  say you want to sell a product to people in italy . 
  well , right now , there 's no reason to base your manufacturing in italy . 
  you pick the country with the largest and most expansive logistical supply chain with the greatest economy on materials and parts for your product . 
  right now , that country is germany - the larger manufacturing footprint affords it better prices on parts and logistics . 
  say instead you were in a zone with free trade however differing currencies . 
  now your operations in germany has substantially more risk since you are purchasing your materials and parts in another currency . 
  if the two currencies start changing in value then you can lose net value when you sell your product in italian currency since you need to convert your money back in to german currency to make more product . 
  now let 's assume that there are different currencies and an import tax . 
  at this point , it makes no sense to base your manufacturing in germany since the savings accrued from the larger manufacturing footprint are counterbalanced by an additional charge . 
  the company bases its manufacturing in italy since it 's the cheapest place for it . 
  italy benefits from this arrangement . 
  it should be clear that italy is not a special case and all countries with the euro have business leeched away from them using the mechanism described above . 
  i do n't think this is getting anywhere . 
  post war britain was a large exporter , many times more than germany . 
  in fact , until the 2008 recession , the uk had a significantly larger gdp per capita ( ppp and nominal ) than germany and even the us at one point . 
  i am talking about how the eu has given germany an unfair boost to their economy . 
  there are many reasons germany has benefited from the circumstances . 
  the eu has given germany a platform to leech business from other countries , which very much happened at the time of the last recession . 
  it has also been the trend for the period of shared currency . 
  uk industry was not intact , and often had to compete with us exports since it is not on the european continent . 
  the uk also had large debts to pay in parallel to growing its industry . 
  germany defaulted on theirs and only later decided to pay half to save face . 
  lack of competition . 
  new business is going to gravitate to the largest economic area . 
  the uk does n't have the same level of natural resource , and it is not as easily accessible . 
  for example coal in germany is on the surface , whereas you have to go miles underground in the uk . 
  as mentioned elsewhere , the uk had to pay it back whereas germany reinvested the money paid . 
  it was n't three times either , and since it was a revolving door loan , they were comparable sizes . 
  germany has a lot of natural resources that are easily accessed and has benefited unfairly not just from its size and displacement , but also since the nazis systematically destroyed industry in neighboring countries . 
  there is nothing special about germany other than its size and easy access to resources . 
   you are literally advocating the division of another country and denying its inhabitants their right of self-determination gosh , two countries rather than one . 
  such a horrendous thing to do . 
  germany has been fucking up europe for centuries - this last decade is no exception . 
  we ought to have altered germany so that it was equal in population to britain and france . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that at all . 
  and i 'm only talking about political and economic leverage in the present . 
  please understand basic concepts . 
   people 's rights to choose their own fate . 
  should n't have gassed the jews , should n't have annexed poland , should n't have bombed europe , should n't have killed millions of russians , should n't have destroyed large amounts european industry , should n't have occupied france if you want to play the you-are-your-country game . 
  you are quick to lump me as a colonial brit , but no doubt you 'll take offence to me mentioning a couple things about germany . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's an area of german funding . 
  it contributes and it consumes , both of those things benefit the german economy to differing degrees . 
  east germany has a gdp per capita around 70 % of west germany . 
  that is a very significant contribution . 
  i am not failing to see any point , your own personal bias allows you to rule the existence of real economic dynamics out . 
  i think you need to look up what ` gross ' means in gdp . 
  the repayment of germany 's marshall plan funds went into german reinvestment . 
  britain had to repay the funds directly to america . 
   two trillion euros propping up eastern germany . 
  and this invalidates my argument how ? 
  as of the present , germany 's gdp and population are the highest in the eu . 
  the two things that would have been similar other european nations if the unification had n't happened . 
  no it 's not a void argument as other countries had to pay the loans back in parallel to business growth - something germany did not . 
  if the marshal plan was delayed by a given unit of time , the country with largest negative change in gross value would be germany meaning that the comparative investment value was significant . 
  in other words , if the rebuilding of germany was considered an investment today , it would not be unreasonable for investors to expect upwards of 40 % on profit derived . 
  this is something germany never had to worry about meaning the value of the investment then is far larger today . 
  is that what you take from this ? 
  is that really what you interpret from all that i have written here ? 
  i better stop talking before i tell you how it is and call you some nasty names . 
  yes if we 're counting west germany 's share of the marshall plan funds . 
  however , as i said , derivative business value pushes that figure up significantly higher . 
  err ... no $ 130 billion in today 's currency . 
  trillions if you count derivative business value . 
  what a pathetic reply . 
   what are you on about ? 
  until the debt agreement the idea was that it would repay all the debt , after receiving a 3rd what the uk received . 
  the marshall plan funds , of which the uk received 26 % and west germany 11 % , ordered unusual means of repayment . 
  britain had to repay the funds directly , however germany paid a central bank in german currency . 
  this central bank then reinvested the money back into the country , effectively making the funds a donation . 
  germany also had to pay only 50 % of the reparation amends , which were far too small to start off with . 
  they actually defaulted on them at one point but reversed that decision to save face . 
  the delay in payment incurs cost within itself . 
   you can write a book on what is and is n't special about german legal and economic environment , and how it relates to manufacturing . 
  although calling the federation legislatively homogeneous is n't really true . 
  it is homogeneous for higher level business practices . 
   although currency definitely is n't , besides of stability , currency is irrelevant outside what it does to wages and rent . 
  no , the rate of change of a currency is quite important . 
  as other countries in the eu do poorly , the euro cheapens , which only strengthens an export economy . 
   and the gain is also dubious , considering the state of east germany and the fact that as a whole it still is n't much larger than italy , uk or france . 
  in 1990 west germany was 64 million ; east germany was 16.11 . 
  that 's a pretty big chunk . 
  marshall plan . 
  the funds that germany received were repaid in german currency to a central bank that then invested it out into germany again , which is effectively a donation . 
  britain had to repay the funds in directly paying off debt . 
  also the london debt agreement which allowed germany to repay only 50 % of their reparations . 
  50 % of an amount that should have been far larger to start with .
