   many media / communications graduates why even live ? 
  and it 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  completely free trade is terrible unless you are a hotspot of globalised investment . 
   after a withdrawal of u.s. troops in 2014 , however , there may not be the will or interest among commanders for an airship that spies on insurgents the u.s. is no longer fighting . 
  did you read the article ? 
  which look mostly like a loss of funding , rather than any design flaws . 
   you 're proving i 'm wrong , and i do n't like it . 
  if you 're going to spout misinformation , make sure you can back it up next time . 
  the only propaganda peddling one is you !, 
  and btw i have 3 complaints filed with the bbc 's ecu , so you can hardly call me biased . 
   which only talks about its acheivments quote me where it does this . 
  for a trained journalist , it should be easy . 
  what relevant facts ? 
  it was never presented in a biased manner , and never framed as some great engineering achievement . 
  every article i 've read on it has been descriptive about its future and present goals . 
  if you want to quote the articles where you think it does so , that 's fine by me . 
  the only other articles were descriptive . 
  and you need to tag it ` bbc.co.uk : ' not ` bbc : ' . 
  really ? 
  why do n't you link them ? 
  the bbc is n't pushing this an example of great british engineering . 
  the article was just descriptive . 
  spectral proportionality is meaningless way of presenting the data . 
  i doubt that image is accurate since it groups britain together as one . 
  the uk regionally has a lot of genetic diversity . 
  this does n't really mean much due to the way genetic material interacts . 
  damn that makes so angry . 
  we need an australia 2.0 to deport these fuckers . 
  we just need another pan-european war . 
  then we 'll all be a little less pussy . 
  / u/brichals point is that such comments could incite the shooter to commit further damage . 
  or how about look at other european nations , that have no similar problems despite their police force being armed ? 
  `` i 'm scared of our good guys protecting me from the bad guys '' . 
  this is highly reduced world view . 
  you remove ethnicities that have a statistical propensity towards crime . 
  this is n't a binary affair . 
   you really do n't understand nothing , do you ? 
  so ... i understand a lot ? 
  what i am saying , is that if spain does not care about sanctions , it would be very easy for them to take gibraltar by force if it were undefended . 
   there is no chance of an invasion . 
  there is never ` no chance ' . 
  if you think it 's impossible , you are an idiot . 
  i do n't know , but i 'm sure the uk government does . 
  it depends whether there is a credible security threat . 
  those warships are defensive , not offensive . 
  that flawed intelligence does n't mean flawed intelligence services . 
  from what i understand , tony blair enacted our involvement on the basis of shoddy intelligence that did not originate from our intelligence services . 
  sanctions would cost spain a lot more than the extra expenses gibraltar would accrue . 
  i think at that point , military intervention sounds a lot more probable . 
   western alliance ??? 
  do you mean nato ? 
  in which case , the uk would be well within its rights to actively defend its territory . 
  depends whether the uk agrees to free movement of people . 
  if it does n't , spain is still subject to eu trade negotiations . 
  you may find spain is unable to do anything . 
  also , i think you 're overestimating how much it would matter if spain cut gibraltar off completely . 
  it 's situated next to the sea . 
   closes all means of transportation in and out to gibraltar , in 2 weeks the rock is out of food and other basic stuff you ca n't do that without overruling eu law . 
  spain would get sanctioned . 
  you ca n't do that without overruling eu law , funnily enough . 
   in fact i 'd say your intelligence services are dangerously stupid considering the intelligence services said there were no weapons , but the politicians pressed on anyway . 
  the recent report basically makes tony blair almost solely responsible for the uk 's involvement . 
  everyone hates him , and he is gone . 
   if you really think the uk is ever going to fire a weapon at spain . 
  depends if they fire first . 
  the spanish forces are already very provocative in our waters surrounding gibraltar . 
  just like the falklands invasion was improbable . 
  just like the crimean invasion was improbable . 
  right . 
  there 's a reason the warships are there . 
  our intelligence services are n't daft . 
  they would bombard any military intervention by spain in gibraltar , is exactly what they would do . 
  further , they could impose a no fly zone surrounding the proximal area . 
  they are more violent . 
  just less effective . 
  now let 's compare funding when it comes to dv . 
  100 % for women , 0 % for men . 
  `` it 's fair tho , cuz women ca n't do as much damage '' men are also less likely to seek out hospital treatment . 
  and the homicide rate does n't even show that big of a disparity . 
  i would n't be surprised if that 's under represented too , since manslaughter is n't included . 
  women are more likely to use weapons on men . 
  and where 's your study to suggest that women do n't throw punches ? 
  `` not the truth !, 
  anything but the truth ! '', 
  welcome to / r/europe , where most participants have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  i do n't think germany is as overshadowed as you think . 
  your country has made massive strides , there 's nothing there to be ashamed of ; why obssess with rankings ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_european_research_universities#modern_universities  the universities of oxford and cambridge emphasized the importance of research , arguably more authentically implementing humboldt 's idea of a university than even german universities , which were subject to state authority . 
  except it is . 
  and a lot of historians would say it was n't . 
   a scientific power house and was arguably one of the biggest science hubs in the world i never said it was n't . 
  i said it was n't the ** biggest ** . 
   locking up many intellectuals who didn \u00b4 t want to follow the nazis which ... was n't that many at all . 
   if you didn \u00b4 t know , the modern university structure for example was invented in germany this is a huge reduction of the details . 
  britain , for example , came up with a similar structure independently and was even more research orientated than the german universities . 
  france was a big contributor too . 
  even so , i do n't think a university structure relates much to the practice of science . 
  it 's more of a room to house it . 
  because anything pro-uk , even remotely , seems to get downvoted en masse . 
  no , really .
