til, 
  let 's hope it ends the same way for erdogan . 
  is the tender for the attack helicopter still ongoing ? 
  if poland chooses the apache , would that be locally assembled or produced ? 
  it 's derived from istan poli ( or something like that ) . 
  which is the greek nickname for constantinopel that translates into '' in the city '' . 
  typical tricyclo-phobe !, 
  maybe the message is going west ( left side ) is progress , as opposed to going to the east ? 
  people who stand too close at bus stops ? 
  maybe , another possibility is that he could lose a lot of the supporters who only care about the economy . 
  heh , well done everyone . 
  if your name is chuck norris , sure . 
  maybe it was a handgun from a holster ? 
  nice counter argument / s. 
  what is the stuff on top off the eggs ? 
  that may not even be really needed . 
  with all these games erdo is playing investors will lose confidence . 
  and i 'm curious how the lira is going to react tomorrow . 
  that would make this whole situation even more entertaining . 
  but that seems like something easy to prevent by not letting him land right ? 
  they either think that or they are just plain fucking retarded . 
  or both . 
  probably both . 
  but no annual property taxes ? 
  that 's a nice system then for homeowners . 
  how are the property taxes ? 
  would kind of suck if one lucked out in increased value but ca n't afford the taxes and ca n't afford proper similar home . 
  he 's losing his mind more and more every day it seems . 
  worthless sack of crap . 
  is n't ptss the dutch version ? 
  maybe he 's born with it . 
  let 's ask fox news ' sweden '' expert '' . 
  ok , so according to you jordan with its religous courts and oman with a legal system based on sharia law , both countries with a state religion are more secular than turkey ? 
  what exactly does cyprus have to do with nato ? 
  pff , the a-team did it in a matter of hours every time !, 
  what 's the deal with ovaltine ? 
  he 's '' vintage '' ? 
  god fucking damn it , fuck this year !, 
  so , this shutdown is still ongoing ? 
  how long do they usually keep it like this ? 
  if i remember correctly the last time with that bastard berat 's e-mail leaks the shutdown did n't take this long ? 
  oh dear god ... 
  or fingerprints . 
  what 's even worse is that none of them ever seems to put out a ratification or apologize in any way for spreading made up news . 
  could be a stolen truck ? 
  is there any description released about the perp on the run ? 
  assuming the e-mails were real . 
  * guitar riff *, 
  the pkk terrorists chose to bring the war into the cities . 
  the blame is all on the pkk for using the peace process time to stock up on weapons and dig tunnels and trenches inside urban centers . 
  no , that deleted comment was showing the numbers if white brits being 44 % as a problem . 
  how does his tie to the grey wolves run deeper ? 
  and the intelligence service cleared him of any threat . 
  that is not comparable in any way . 
  and i do n't think you know the meaning to the word '' literally '' . 
  i get the feeling that for a lot of them it is not just an option but a desire . 
  they probably fantasize about being like mel gibson in braveheart . 
  and you find that a problem because ... ? 
  i do n't have time to search for multiple links right now to make the argument more credible , but here is one : http://nos.nl/artikel/2122260-doden-bij-gevechten-turks-leger-en-pkk-in-zuidoost-turkije.html anytime they talk about pkk terrorists , they always use the term `` kurds '' or `` kurdish warriors '' , never terrorists . 
  it 's as if they try to put oil on the fire by presenting it the way they do . 
  i do n't know if i 'm explaining it well , i 'm not that great with words . 
  he was never pm and mhp is the 4th largest party . 
  you really do n't even have the basic facts and yet convinced of your own right . 
  yeah after evacuating the civillians . 
  but i 'm going to stop discussing with you . 
  there is no point in talking with someone as brainwashed and ignorant and blinded by hate as you . 
  i 'm just mentioning how ignorant you are on affairs in turkey . 
  he never called for killing civilians , so yeah that statement does not make him a racist . 
  but he is a piece of crap . 
  cheering for the death of terrorists does not in any away mean cheering the deaths of kurds . 
  you pkk people are really like a broken record . 
  come up with something new once in a while instead regurgitating the same lines every time . 
  you are truly delusional dude . 
  i remember you also claiming on reddit thet kemalists were buddies with gulenists . 
  turkish newspapers do n't mention ethnicities when it reports on pkk terror . 
  give a source for your claims or just stop embarrasing youself with your poorly crafted propaganda . 
  no , even you do n't really believe that . 
  this has been going on for decades . 
  ah , that would explain the pro-pkk bias of the nos . 
  looking through her other tweets , damn . 
  and she has the nerve to call her self a '' journalist '' ? 
  this was in europe geographically . 
  always at least 1 user with the same pathetic comment in every such thread . 
  that 's not a joke , that 's what akp officials and their media goons have been saying for a long time . 
  that 's a nice speech . 
  but supporting the akp islamists after all the steeling and other wrong doings they have done over the years , after trampling on basic democratic rights and smashing the freedom of press , destroying the secularity of the republic goes against reason and common sense . 
  to these islamists democracy is just a weapon being used to subjugate all others . 
  not realizing this is stupid , not caring is dangerous . 
  you can go all highty mighty about treating everyone equally but you ca n't do that with these people who 's aim is to create an islamic republic . 
  they are enemies of liberty and democracy . 
  they islamists , simple . 
  having a degree may make you an expert in a specific field but you can still be an idiot ( see : ben carson ) . 
  i think it 's ok to generalize akp people as dumb , stupid islamists because that 's what they are . 
  another possibility is that akp is blackmailing bahceli somehow . 
  everything he does is another nail in mhp 's coffin . 
  what !? 
  ataturk and erdog do n't look anythin alike . 
  ataturk is a blonde blue eyed handsome man with loads of charisma . 
  erdogan looks like an ugly piece of shit . 
  turkey is not an arab country .
