til i live in the most atheist region in europe . 
  i wonder why east germany is so different from all the other former ussr controlled countries . 
  stroopwafels need more votes for germany . 
  i love them . 
  i wish they were n't so fucking heart-attack-inducing . 
  thanks . 
  i remember reading some stories by a polish author . 
  i wondered why lithuanian characters ' last names always sounded so latin . 
  is that the reason many lithuanian names look so latin-like ? 
  if i got it right it 's because of structural integrity , yes . 
  well , bridge in german is `` br\u00fccke '' , so that 's not the part i was talking about . 
  `` kotz '' in german means `` vomit '' . 
  i hope the word is polish in origin and it just evolved that way . 
  it 's the rakotzbr\u00fccke in kromlau in the very east of germany , near the polish border . 
  it was built from basalt ca 1860-70 and unfortunately you are not allowed to cross it any more . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/azaleen-_und_rhododendronpark_kromlau https://www.google.de/maps/place/rakotzbr%c3%bccke,+02953+gablenz/@51.5366812,14.6376662,16z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x470889fa68bc588f:0x8f62d86994afdc5f, 
  awesome , thanks a lot !, 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i 'd love that !, 
  if i visit the city i 'd be most interested in history and architecture . 
  but of course you also need something to do in the evenings . 
  can you mark nice areas and things to visit there on the image ? 
  i 've always wanted to see the parliament in person , but i 'd like to know what else there is to see in this lovely old city . 
  itt : too many overdone hdr images . 
  the second one looks beautiful . 
  all those small old houses with red brick roofs . 
  the hills are magnificent . 
  the cemetery makes me sad . 
  i think hungary has the most beautiful . 
  followed by the uk and netherlands . 
  at least judging from the pictures . 
  also , andorra seems to be chill as fuck . 
  i would n't go to an embassy to tell the ambassador what i think of their country either . 
  but that might be because i did n't ever think about that writing to an embassy for something other than a visa is something you could do . 
  i wonder how many germans write letters to foreign embassies . 
  especially to compliment them . 
  is this a common british thing ? 
  i guess it 's good that people participate in politics like this . 
  do you also have high voter participation ? 
  what kind of person calls the embassy of a country to tell them that they agree with their government 's policies ? 
  i mean it might be effective , but it has n't ever crossed my mind that that is something an average person could or would even do . 
  except for material to fuel the anti-refugee train , apparently . 
  maybe that 's true , although i do n't really blame them for not wanting to live in crappy refugee camps where they are treated badly . 
  ( before you say anything : i also acknowledge that masses of illegal immigration are a problem . ), 
  but that was n't my point . 
  my point was that whatever their target is , the young men might be in more danger than women and children back home , because those do n't get drafted . 
  so maybe you ca n't argue that if they leave their families behind , the danger ca n't be that great . 
  this is the same as the opposite side of the argument fearmongering that all of the refugees are only in it for economical reasons and want to leech our welfare , steal from us and rape our women while enacting their sharia laws . 
  there are always two sides of the coin , and the commenters here only seem to look at one side and completely disregard the other . 
  finally some real data . 
  thank you . 
  in a recent ama of a syrian refugee in germany , he said that the government/isis/rebels are drafting men into their armies . 
  if that 's the main safety concern for those people , i imagine men are at much higher risk if they stay than women and children . 
  i have n't fact-checked this , but it sounds reasonable . 
  something to think about . 
  probably . 
  because is has little text and many pictures ( hence the name ) . 
  that 's oddly specific . 
  maybe the older folk are not receptive , but their children , who go to school here , certainly are . 
  unfortunately things like this are a slow process . 
  i do n't have perfect solutions either , obviously , but i think dictating what people can or can not wear is counter to european values . 
  it 's funny how people like you seem to want to further gender equality by telling women what they can and can not wear . 
  it is of course horrible if women are forced to wear something against their will by their family/social group . 
  but banning this wear is not the right answer imho . 
  we should rather spend some effort on educating these people and making it easier for women to break away from abusive situations . 
  i 'd rather punish someone for forcing somebody to wear something than banning someone for wearing something willingly that others are forced to wear . 
  people are setting fire to ( planned ) refugee shelters here , too . 
  i guess there 's no place completely safe from idiots . 
  funny how there are no anti-refugee/anti-immigration people in this thread ... 
  this is a commonly discussed topic about education at german universities i think . 
  the sentiment i often find here is that education is something the professors have to do in order to be able to do their research . 
  so they try to spend as few resources as possible . 
  they are also not educated in pedagogy at all . 
  the lack of effort is the often rationalized by saying that the students are supposed to be adults and studying because they are inherently motivated , so you do n't give them homework to force them to do something during the semester , because they should be doing that anyway . 
  the norwegian movie `` trollhunter '' was awesome and hilarious . 
  i also would like to visit . 
  preferably at a time when it 's not too overrun by tourists but the weather wo n't kill my toddler . 
  and it would be nice if there was more than three hours of sunlight . 
  do you have such a time ? 
  edit : you always see all those awesome pictures of impressive landscape . 
  how much effort is involved in actually getting there ? 
  is there something beautiful to see everywhere or do you have to drive offroad for hours to get to the good spots ? 
  that 's her neutral face . 
  no wonder she always gets reelected . 
  seriously . 
  we went to scotland two years ago and there were other fucking germans fucking everywhere . 
  i wished they would find some other place to go on vacation . 
  if i go to a foreign country , i want there to be foreigners . 
  perhaps we sould have visited wales instead . 
   i gave plus i like this . 
  this is what `` upvoting '' should be called from now on . 
  my wife had a cassette tape of a ajk children 's show by herman van veen ( in german ) where he is the sole narrator and there is music in between the narrated pieces . 
  it tells the story of how alfred wants to build a giant lake in some dry country so the people there can have something to drink . 
  unfortunately he does n't have enough money , so he opens a business selling snacks . 
  he then lends his collected money to the king , because the state seems to be lacking money . 
  when he does n't get it back , he goes on an adventure to the palace to get his money back , picking up a fox , a ladder , a river and a bunch of bees in the process . 
  when he arrives at the castle , the king tries to have him arrested , but alfred manages to defeat him with the help of his newly acquired friends , and becomes the king himself , even though he did n't want to , initially . 
  we do n't learn if the lake is ever built . 
  my wife used to listen to this ( among others ) if she could n't go to sleep well into her 20s , and we sometimes still listen to it now . 
  herman van veen just has such a calming voice , and german with a dutch accent is very charming as well .
