  edit : dialect -  accent, 
  not many german voices here . 
  i would say the netherlands and belgium , but i 'm from near the border . 
  austria is of course also very close . 
  where i live now it 's probably more the czech republic . 
  it seems to be the case that law enforcement can force you to hand over the keys . 
  of course this is not enough for them , since they first need to get their hands on whoever is encrypting the communication , and then that person needs to be unwilling to go to jail over it . 
   in a speech , he asked whether `` we want to allow a means of communication between two people which even in extemis with a signed warrant from the home secretary personally that we can not read ? 
  ... my answer to that question is no , we must not . 
  so ... he also wants to ban private oral conversations between two people . 
  will british citizens have to carry microphones ? 
  this proposal of banning encryption is so stupid and beside reality it hurts , and the fact that the head of the uk government continues to produce this kind of ridiculous quotes has me worried . 
  even if they manage to pass a law , it will only hurt the good guys , while people who want to use encryption ( for malicious purposes or no ) will still be able to get it from sources outside the uk . 
  apart from making a fully closed uk internet and taking control of all computers so they ca n't install unlicensed software ( which would itself need encryption tech to work ) , banning encryption is simply not possible . 
  this motion is akin to burying your head in the sand . 
  if you want to fight crime effectively , you have to acknowledge reality instead of making laws to redefine it . 
  but is n't that exactly what varoufakis is saying ? 
  of course he 's against austerity , but he always argues for `` real reforms '' tackling the problems you mentioned . 
  at least that 's what i got out of his blog posting someone posted recently . 
  then naming the graph `` female to male ratio '' is kind of misleading , is n't it ? 
  or am i missing something here ? 
  female to male ratio to me means : number of females/number of males . 
  in russias case that would imply 0.1 female members for every one male member , which apparently is n't the case . 
  still , how can internet numbers drop in current times , unless they had a massive increase in population that did n't get an internet access right away ? 
  did people cancel their internet access ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  why is the russian federation lowest in the graph if it has a very mixed parliament ? 
  should n't 1.0 be the value for a 50/50 male/female ratio ? 
  this , in a ( very ) limited sense is also likely why you see the drop in germany 's unemployment rate . 
  they created this new class of part-time job where you can only earn up to 450 $ per month , but your employer does n't have to pay for your insurance . 
  needless to say , a lot of companies try to get by with as many of these jobs as possible , as it 's cheaper for them . 
  in the meantime , lots of people who ca n't get regular jobs use these as a supplement to their welfare . 
  but they do n't count as unemployed any more . 
  all of the maps i see here have such badly chosen color scales . 
  what 's up with that pink  red  violet ? 
  good to know . 
  i guess it was just a lack of interest on the student 's part then , combined with the availability of exactly 1 teacher for philosophy . 
  we were n't terribly religious anyway , but most of us did n't bother actively opting out of it ( that 's what you have to do in our school if you wanted to take philosophy , or `` ethics '' , as it was called ) . 
  our religion classes were n't too bad either , because they were not religious indoctrination , but more like analyzing the bible and other religious topics and coming up with our own opinion about and interpretation of them . 
  from my current point of view , i would n't find them boring . 
  but at that time , such things are rather intangible , because they are so complex . 
  teenagers probably do n't think about this stuff a lot , so they ca n't really relate to it , which makes it boring . 
  i agree absolutely that a teacher that makes these things relateable can turn that around though . 
  in my school in germany , i ca n't remember anything like this ever coming up . 
  philosophy was a class very few people took , as it was the class for people who did n't want to do catholic or protestant religion class . 
  i wish we had done a little more philosophical stuff like this , now that i read these questions . 
  i think it might have enriched the learning experience . 
  although my younger self probably would have yawned at them or thought they were stupid . 
  i think much of it might also be from cold war times . 
  we saw first hand what could happen if you go into an arms race . 
  we do n't really want that to happen again , so we limit our military spending to not force other countries to keep up with us , and we limit our military involvement to not further drive the spiral of violence . 
  of course if somebody does n't care about that and still attacks , we have a problem . 
  well , we order some expensive shit from german companies that does n't work , then still pay them because we do n't want to destroy any businesses . 
  i 'm glad to know even the french find the french practice of cheek kissing awkward and stressful . 
  i never knew exactly what to do . 
  wow . 
  i did n't even know there are prejudices against dark-skinned people regarding drug use in germany . 
  oh i agree that it might be prudent at the moment to up your defense capabilities and check if everything is working in case something happens , but parading some armored vehicles along the border is some show-off shit i would expect from the russians , not the nato . 
  what does it even accomplish ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the russian leadership already knows that we have that stuff . 
  does anybody else find this dick measuring ridiculous ? 
  is this normalized by the percentage of people that are able to hold a conversation at all ? 
  like i tried to explain in another post : it 's not about guilt . 
  every country is shaped and defined by its history . 
  our history still affects us today , whether we feel guilty about it or not ( we do n't ) . 
  forgetting it and not learning from it only helps the nazis of today . 
  well obviously it depends on how you interpret the past and what lessons you take from it . 
  hitler apparently thought `` the last war went terrible , let 's have another one '' . 
  you can argue if that 's a good conclusion . 
  every country is shaped and therefore defined by its history . 
  without all the combined events that brought us here , we would not be who and where we are today . 
  in case of germany , this includes bach , goethe , the roman empire , and much more . 
  but also hitler and the holocaust . 
  there is no use in denying it . 
  dark episodes of a country 's history serve no one if they are forgotten and pushed under the table . 
  our current generation surely does not need to ( and in fact does not ) feel guilty about what happened 80 years ago , but we sure are more aware of the dangers of hate speech and authoritarianism than we would be if it had not led to such catastrophic events in the lifetime of our parents and grandparents . 
  this also means that we have a greater urge to make sure that these same mistakes are not repeated , compared to a hypothetical alternative germany that does not have this history . 
  this is what i mean by `` defines '' . 
  i think some other countries could use some of this same attitude . 
  lots of other countries have dark passages of their past that they do n't like to talk about . 
  we try to drag ours out in the open ( partly because we were forced to after the war ) , which i think does us good . 
  i think it 's dangerous to think that we have nothing to do with our past . 
  it is what defines us as a country . 
  because of this , we have a responsibility to make sure we learn from our past and do n't repeat the same mistakes . 
  it has nothing to do with guilt or not being proud of what we have accomplished since the war ended . 
  sure , but everybody is someone else 's outside agency . 
  i think it 's not ok to violate another person 's human rights . 
  even if they 're a citizen of a different country . 
  i know . 
  that was implied by my statement . 
  fucking embarrassing . 
  german intelligence needs as much of an overhaul of oversight mechanisms as the us one . 
  although i see mass surveillance ( even of foreigners ) as more problematic than targeted surveillance of friendly governments . 
  ( before someone complains : i had this opinion before this newest revelation . ), 
  i firmly believe that there will always be some open source encryption projects as long as we do n't have repressive regimes everywhere in the world . 
  there will always be some privacy activists who will take it upon themselves to maintain strong encryption software . 
  the only way to shut this out of a country completely is if they lock down their internet and police all content , or if each computing device has to be designed to only execute software that has been signed by the government or some authority . 
  but even then some people will find ways around it , as can be seen by the numerous jailbroken iphones and the fact that people in china can still get around the great firewall . 
  do n't you think a person that has something to hide will care about encryption though ? 
  there is freely available open source encryption software that does not depend on any company .
