  i never said that this was something we should effect . 
  you got me . 
  i did not say that it would be a worthwhile endeavour . 
  the only way i ever see turkey joining the eu is by annexion . 
  then why do n't you wait with your triumph until reality kicks in and this bubble either bursts or not . 
  even if markets have gained as much as you say through investors , there is no telling yet what 'll happen when trump sets his plans into motion . 
   also if they have kind of job skill the salaries are still much higher than in western europe . 
  cost of living is also higher . 
  especially if you need a doctor . 
  just because of his plans ? 
  and he did n't even do anything yet . 
  amazing . 
  edgy, 
  but this is not about people . 
  this is about a person . 
  the nazis also ate bread . 
  sadly it is not . 
  the time from when he started bulding a bigger navy to when the war broke out . 
   the reasons of france-germany antagonism are different from the naval race though . 
  that is true , but i 'd argue that without the british the french would n't have declared war on germany . 
  building ships takes quite a long time though . 
  i do n't agree that the time would 've been enough . 
  also , there would n't have been a reason for germany to even attack france in any case . 
  i did n't think of that but you might be right . 
  although i disagree with the notion that germany could have outbuilt the royal navy over such a short time , i think your theorie has its merits . 
  he never could 've built a navy that 'd threaten the royal navy though . 
  germany did n't built that navy to oppose great britain though . 
  it was just a prestige project because the kaiser really admired britain 's navy and also wanted to own one . 
   for pizzas , i recommend seafood . 
  that monster !, 
   but my reading of the politics here in germany as a foreigner is that it 's quite remarkable that shes taken a self-created problem and now the cdu message is that she 'll fix the problem that she created better than schulz will . 
  yes , politicians in germany are very good at this , no matter which party . 
  my hope is that schulz will actually stick to what he 's saying now because germany needs a party that is actually social democratic and not just cdu/fdp light . 
  i also do n't see refugees as the most important problem right now . 
  far more important is the state of the eu and of right wing populists rising up all around . 
  we need a strong eu to be able to counter the us , especially with the us ' new president . 
  i did n't mean to say that the refugee crisis was her only fuck up , i meant that this is the first time her usual policy of trying to appeal to the most people failed . 
  she flip flops around with important issues , i do n't think that 's responsible . 
  instead of really having an opinion on how to make germany a better place she 'll just do and say whatever it is that she thinks will make her look good . 
  the refugee crisis is the first time where she miscalculated and it blew up in her face . 
  i want a leader that adheres to a sensible policy and , within reason , sticks to it without succumbing to populism . 
  she hates making concrete statements and she usually tries to see from where the wind blows before having an opinion . 
  she has no principles and just tries everything to stay in office . 
  fuck that noise . 
  her hips eternally be upon you brother . 
  well , to be fair though , austrians are n't germans , but they are german . 
  how about scotfree ? 
  yay \\ o /, 
  i will read up on this but i am sure , i will be vindicated . 
  but that 's because of social democratic effort . 
  the us is the exact opposite of ordoliberalism ... 
  reading about their positions they seem to be the extreme end of neo-liberalism . 
  instead of few rules they want no rules . 
  it 'd turn society into rule of the strongest . 
   this invisible hand stuff is completely absent in german politics in general , nobody wants to completely eliminate the welfare state . 
  the fdp and many economic scholars in germany are heavily influenced by the teachings of milton friedman . 
  ordoliberalism is almost dead in germany . 
  the fdp only wants more and more deregulation . 
  yes , they are unmoral . 
  neo-liberal thought is completely against social nets of any kind . 
  agenda 2010 was a liberal agenda and it was one of the reasons many people grew disillusioned with the spd . 
  to oversimplify greatly : spd is supposed to be a party for the workers and fdp is supposed to be a party for the bosses . 
  liberals think we do n't need social safety nets because the invisible hand of the market will care for all ( who deserve it ofc . 
  if you are n't cared for , you obviously do n't deserve it ) . 
  fdp was against mindestlohn for example . 
   both the spd and fdp have a long social liberal history and that is wrong . 
  if you stand for social democracy you ca n't enact liberal policies . 
  fdp is basically spd 's antithesis . 
  if you support them you are a class traitor . 
   and soul [ ... ] because schr\u00f6der took it and sold it to gazprom . 
  no [ grobe bratwurst ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/166/166046/253010-960x720-grobe-bratwurst-nach-fraenkischer-art.jpg ) i am disappoint . 
  i drank irn bru when i was in edinburgh , it was awesome . 
  [ deal or no deal ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irosvjwrdna ), 
  not voting means implicitly agreeing with the outcome . 
  i agree that 's bad . 
  they have been the only counterweight against neoliberalism in germany though . 
  die linke at least tries to go against the antisocial policies that are being brought into place nowadays . 
  i do n't always agree with them but i do n't see them as detestable . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  the csu would be the most detestable somewhat popular party there is if not for the afd . 
  lol you are a fool, 
  they are europe 's refugees , not germany 's immigrants . 
  i also think that the spd did much against what should be their core values . 
  still i feel that with martin schulz this might change and we might have someone like a new willy brandt . 
  this is why i want to at least try with him . 
  i also see it as a signal to the spd that they will get votes of they behave like a proper social democratic party . 
  it 's a parody of the donald . 
  that being said , many people there actually do support martin schulz . 
  so ... cameron , the queen and paddington bear are drinking buddies ? 
  given the state of the security of the us ' nuclear arsenal and the fact , that those security precautions are most likely ancient , i remain a sceptic . 
  germany has nukes too . 
  we do n't own them of course , but that 's just a technicality . 
  i do n't know who 'd win , the eu or the us but they most assuredly would n't simply steamroll us . 
  this is what polish nationalists truly believe . 
  those people are idiots . 
  for what it 's worth , i agree with you . 
  crazy frog, 
  everyone that is subject to a ruling of an agency had the right to challenge that ruling before a court of law . 
  why should n't that be the case ?
