  they are n't sueing for compensation they are sueing to repeal a decision . 
  yeah , fuck basic human rights . 
  funnily enough people used to say that about the poles as well . 
  has the bullied become the bully ? 
  it is not . 
  if you want to laugh about someone having egg on their face you should first check if you have n't got shit dripping in your eyes . 
  you should be silent as fuck with your neo-nazi fascist regime at the moment . 
  apparently you a are uneducated and have no idea what you are talking about . 
  dieing against a decision made by one of the agencies is a perfectly normal thing to do and it is their right as it is the right of everyone subject to these decisions . 
  most have both citizenships . 
  they could go to erdogan 's turkey if they live it so much . 
  it would only be discrimination if i acted differently . 
  after thinking about it , i do n't think they do . 
  you too !, 
  i am trying to be multicultural ? 
  i am discriminating no one btw . 
  they do not . 
  i 'm not sure but there is a qualitative difference . 
  regardless i think people who vote afd are idiots . 
  i never said to kick them out . 
  i said they do n't belong here . 
  what is undemocratic ? 
  i do n't think anyone who supports erdogan belongs here . 
  i love it . 
  it was clearly implied . 
  when bullying leads to suicide it should count as murder or at least manslaughter . 
  bring it !, 
  / r/de is not afraid of you !, 
  cool , thanks for that , 
  i see , thanks , 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  dank u wel , for the detailed explanation . 
  i bookmarked that source for later reference , 
  thanks for the correction  what does `` er '' mean here ? 
  not sure if this is correct . 
  google translate failed me . 
  the mad god has spoken !, 
  from the text alone i have no idea how i should pronounce that though , 
  i will keep that in mind , dank je wel , 
  i still personally feel bad about it though : o, 
  yes , i think so but pronouncing the r in front of it makes it difficult . 
  so far so good  i have a somewhat hard time pronouncing the second [ x ] sound in goedemorjen . 
  the good thing is that many words are incredibly similiar to either english or german , 
  i think it is somewhat arrogant for germans to simply expect the dutch to somehow know german . 
  this is why i usually try to speak english and recently started to learn dutch . 
  it 's hard not to though when his election affects so many different topics . 
  his point still stands , whether you are an american or not so i do n't see the issue . 
  are you saying people need to stalk someone before replying to them ? 
  i will make my driver aware , 
  i will be going to zeeland next week so i am prepared to look out for any differences and peculiarities . 
  there will be no access to the single market without freedom of movement . 
  britain does not want that . 
  why would germany be exempt from that ? 
  that 's not how that works . 
  i can also have an account at a service that is only run in the us . 
  there are other alternatives also it would n't even affect the search engine . 
   britain will get access from the deal . 
  toppest of keks, 
  i really hope this happens . 
  the uk always has been nationalistic that is true . 
  also , those chips are easy to destroy . 
  what precedent does it set ? 
  suspicious quotation marks ... 
  you 're welcome to try . 
  german politicians definitely protect this industry and these people . 
  i would like to see them prosecuted . 
   we , the united states , have not ratified the icc treaty . 
  because you somehow think you are special and beyond reproach . 
  our constitution forbids to extradite german citizens to other countries . 
  what do you propose should be done here ? 
  yeah . 
  i imagine because they are employed in poland and just work in france . 
  this would make polish laws apply . 
  yeah that 's what i meant . 
  i have no ac in my flat but it 's not too bad as long as i never open any windows during the day . 
  during the night i open everything so the cool air can come in . 
  the houses i have seen in the uk have had very bad insulation especially on their windows . 
  it is far more important to keep the heat out in the first place than to get it out once it 's in . 
  that 's not how that works at all . 
  and you 're using this as an excuse to not look this up and appear as if you have `` won '' by default . 
  this argument goes both ways . 
  you asked why a bank would be called `` cancer '' . 
  i told you why . 
  also this is n't opinion , it 's fact . 
  google it if you 're really interested . 
  i do n't have the time to explain this in necessary detail . 
  they basically disregard human lives if they can make a quick buck . 
  but he will get to buy a cool new camaro . 
  because they are literally amoral and evil . 
  for the eu or would be far more prudent to get out of nato and have our own military defence initiative . 
  the eu combined would n't have to fear russia and we would stop being the us ' minions . 
  nato is atrocious and socialism is good . 
  they should have gone with m\u00e9lenchon imo . 
  especially germany, 
  thing is , that our restaurants are too cheap . 
  wages for chefs and budget for ingredients need to rise . 
  are n't you also disallowed to wear armour ? 
  offer me a decent chip butty please , 
   they get their potato salads out of a bucket !, 
  to be fair , that 's standard even for some restaurants .
