  restaurants more and more use convenience products . 
  it still would n't be terrorism . 
  fundamentalist unionist assholes . 
  i just told you why i think it 's different . 
  socialism is supposed to bring about communism that is correct . 
  calling the ussr communist is still a stretch because communism is fundamentally different even from socialism . 
  that 's because free markets are the ideal capitalists strife for . 
  of course there was . 
  free markets are the definition of capitalism . 
  there never was any communism in those countries you are talking about . 
  but that is not the purpose of the prison system . 
  fuck `` liberal '' democracy . 
  operation sea lion , 
   i mean longer prison sentences for people convicted of terrorist offences . 
  what would that do ? 
  these people kill themselves to enact terrorism , i doubt 10 years longer in prison is going to scare them off . 
  and this would n't change if the good friday agreement gets broken ? 
  nice !, 
  i do n't know what those are exactly but i suddenly want them . 
  you could also chill with us , i really like your colors . 
  close . 
  commonly known as sinti and roma . 
  i found out it was n't them though . 
  yeah that show is the best . 
  i always loved `` mit offenen karten '' even as a teen . 
  i did n't mean it was unexpected . 
  i meant it was a bad thing and i am ashamed for my countrymen . 
  that 's a very weak result for germany . 
  the american college of cardiologists is full of shit then . 
  but that 's not a good thing and we as a people should strive to eliminate those problems . 
  croissants are austrian though :3, 
  it 's a reflection of how cynical and soulless german pop music is . 
  she 's doing this to get a mandate and to appear tough . 
  duty has nothing to do with this . 
  thanks , i 'll give that thread a read . 
  with the exception of the `` lower crimerate '' claim i have not seen a factual error . 
  they could 've highlighted frontex ' shady dealings a bit more though . 
  social democrats in germany at least have betrayed us . 
  i have lost all faith in democratic process . 
  what propaganda video ? 
  that is true but the uk does it on a whole new level . 
  they want to install spyware on everyones devices . 
  he ca n't very well complain if he `` master manipulated '' everyone to think he is a fascist , that then everyone calls him that . 
  also i do n't think he is a master at anything really . 
  he obviously has no clue what he is doing ( `` this is actually harder than it looks '' ) and he has achieved nothing during his first 100 days of office . 
  now he got rid of any real healthcare and he is about to dismantle net neutrality because he does n't understand the subject matter but believes himself to naturally be great at it . 
  someone should edit wikipedia 's dunning-kruger article so it includes a picture of trump . 
  i am not saying he is doing fascist things right now . 
  this whole thing started before his presidency if you remember !, 
  this was about the things he said then when he did n't yet do anything . 
  why is that so hard for you to understand ? 
   because calling him a fascist is either a sign of intellectual dishonesty or ignorance . 
  it 's as silly as calling obama a communist . 
  that 's a false equivalency . 
  the one makes fascist statements and gets called a fascist , the other does not make communist statements but gets called communist by some . 
  you did n't respond to the fact that trump was called a fascist because he said fascist things . 
  if he says fascist things i should n't say he might be a fascist because it `` does n't accomplish anything '' ? 
  care to explain this sentiment ? 
  except the eu is the abused party in this relationship . 
  now the abusive spouse has fucked off and the eu can finally move forward . 
  trump has expressed fascist views , whether you like it or not . 
  are you implying the jews i 'm france were n't real french ? 
  are you implying the jews i 'm france were n't real french ? 
  because it 's schadenfreude-tastic . 
  now they 're getting shit without the stick . 
  the uk wants to enact the plot of 1984 while the rest of the eu does not . 
  germans do n't complain ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drfsxlchrwc ), 
  yes, 
  so the us for example could attack any nato country without the treaty activating ? 
  another reason to leave and build a european defense force . 
  i do n't think so as well but i am asking about what the treaty would demand . 
  the north atlantic treaty does n't specify that the attacker ca n't be a signee . 
  i did n't realise you could use it that way . 
  if erdogan attacks greece would that not be an `` attack on a nato memberstate '' ? 
  would nato not be obliged to assist greece ? 
  i do n't think being invaded by us would 've been a very viable economic policy though . 
  desperately clinging onto grandaddies achievements is a special british pastime after all . 
   cassus belli ( sic ) wtf , there wo n't be a war over this . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  if you think this is about `` paying for a trade deal '' you do n't actually understand and of this . 
  the eu wants britain 's commitments honored . 
  what do you mean `` wannabe '' ? 
  austria * is * a sovereign german ( ic ) nation . 
  do n't worry , when the revolution comes there will be plenty of education for your ilk . 
  you know words have meaning right ? 
  no that 's a fact . 
   europeans fuck 14 year olds legally . 
  even if that were the unqualified truth , this would n't be paedophilia . 
  this would make you a radical . 
  hello , my name is inigo montoya . 
  you killed my father . 
  prepare to die !, 
  that was before her acting career though . 
  that 's how you get rid of dictators though . 
  either that or through outside influence . 
  you should have stood besides your military for example . 
  i was under the impression everyone in turkey knew about atat\u00fcrk and that he was kind of revered . 
  germany does n't get special treatment . 
  because , as i have already said , britain profits from this as well .
