you 'll come a ` waltzing matilda with me !, 
  i always thought that sounded vaguely threatening . 
  i do n't wan na get shoved in your tuckerbag either :p, 
  as i 've said in / r/worldnews ( and harvested downvotes for it ) : gitmo is a concentration camp as well . 
  and that is your right of course . 
  there are many people , especially many turks in germany , that do n't have such a tolerant view . 
  they think kurds are vermin to be exterminated and such things lead to radicalisation . 
  but they are not the same people . 
  also , i have \u00d6calans book on my computer , does that make me a terrorist ? 
  using force against civilians is wrong but ypg is n't doing that . 
  are you mad because both revere \u00d6calan ? 
  everything is deadly , they like to call people cunt a lot , the government is really conservative . 
  michael atkinson is a tosspot . 
  the lost the great emu war . 
  ayers rock turns blue sometimes . 
  its flag features the southern cross . 
  edit : beware the drop bears . 
  edit ^ 2 : waltzing matilda, 
  that might endanger the good friday agreement . 
  also , england would have an even greater interest to enforce a border because it 'd worry about foreigners getting in via scotland . 
  because ypg and ypj are defending rojava . 
  you ca n't compare ypg and pkk . 
  rojava is far more left than western europe though . 
  it was in response to this :  i really wonder what those kurdish socialists would do when their high ideals do n't match with the reality of their country . 
  what choice do the kurds have ? 
  that is a lie !, 
  it 's your own damn fault the pkk started their armed struggle in the first place . 
  well there is rojava that your country is casually bombing every now and then . 
  that is fucking awesome !, 
  so he did n't split all his profits equally after all . 
  if i had any definitive answers right now i would be trying to start a violent uprising and not sitting on reddit . 
  i definitely think that communism is far less immoral though . 
   this will always be the case . 
  in capitalism , maybe . 
  so all his employees got rich ? 
  is that what you 're trying to sell me here ? 
  in order for him to get richer he had to pay his people less . 
  not nearly enough . 
  that some people `` get lucky '' and win the capitalism lottery does n't change the fact that in most cases only the rich get significantly richer . 
  if you 're trying to tell me that the poor are n't massively handicapped while accumulating wealth then you are deluded or lying . 
  i know there is economic growth . 
  that growth mostly lines the pockets of the rich though . 
  the gap between rich and poor is getting larger and larger . 
  the way you say that you might actually be right . 
  if it was up to me take all his money . 
  you ca n't get rich without exploiting someone else . 
   no , but i wish i was . 
  does that count ? 
  sometimes i wish it did :(, 
  i 'm not sure to what extend that is possible . 
  i get your point , certainly but i am sure , if you 'd ask these questions in germany you 'd get high support for increased military spending or the like . 
  of course i did n't mean to literally burn a human being . 
  are you high ? 
  i am indeed . 
  to me it just shows what kind of people voted leave . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  i just think they are highly immoral capitalist pigs . 
  that may be but you ca n't say those people have been misrepresented here . 
  burn down the yacht , the shipyard and the russian billionaire . 
  50 % is 50 % , no one forced them . 
  to quote yahtzee :  without critics we 'd all be wearing boulders for hats and drinking hot ebola soup for tea . 
  [ only the city of london ? 
  what about london itself ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrobz_hzzuc ), 
  \\* offers bitterballen as an alternative *, 
  we will find a way . 
  life always finds a way !, 
  3 in japanese, 
  pretty ironic coming from a bavarian ... 
  probably at least gcc . 
  open the door , get on the floor , everybody walk the dinosaur !, 
  i 'm not good at articulating taste so i do n't want to say something inaccurate . 
  the website should have a taste profile though . 
  no hobgoblin by [ wychwood ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wychwood_brewery ) , 
  rock sugar looks like [ this ] ( http://missmochi.blogspot.com/2013/07/kouri-zatou.html ) it 's called kluntje in frisian . 
  i do n't know what single cream is but it needs to not be sour and have a high fat percentage . 
  it 's important to not simply drop the cream in but to carefully lower it into the tea so it forms a small `` cloud '' . 
  and no stirring !, 
  i hope you 'll like it , 
  just a joke , do n't get your knickers in a twist . 
  estonia ? 
  praise the emperor !, 
  speaking as someone from frisia , well done . 
  first comes the rock sugar , then almost boiling tea , then you put a small spoonful of cream into it . 
  i am with you comrade !, 
  i will no longer stand for these disgusting acts . 
  light beer in general sucks regardless of where it 's from . 
  also obligatory hobgoblin is best beer plug . 
  what about grolsch ? 
  do n't worry we kind of know a thing or two about that ... , 
  i do n't think we can . 
  they had their chance to get rid of erdolf during that coup and they did n't want to . 
  until it comes to visit , 
  until it comes to visit , 
  until it comes to visit , 
  if turkey changed than yes of course . 
  are you accusing us of being racist or what are you saying ? 
  because turkey was supposed to join the eu and this would 've been the first step towards that . 
  i suddenly feel the urge to wear something orange today , 
  can you cite an example where a similar thing happened ?
