  i hope you like dancing naked around the camp fire . 
   why do people assume i care about some points on a website at all ? 
  because of this :  edit : wtf , ca n't a man make a honest bet anymore ? 
  you called ? 
  there is no bet if you do n't put something on the table . 
  so do n't act surprised if that something is your karma . 
  well then , you can excuse greece for not making the defense strategy based on / u/everyzig 's guesses . 
  you need to understand that greece also need to feel that they can defend themselves , not only rely on its allies . 
  getting their military power significantly lower that that of their archenemies would only lead to more frustrations ... 
  you do n't seem to understand that greece should n't demand aid , like it is an obligation for the rest to do that . 
  they should ask it giving something in return , even if it 's only promises . 
  yes they are both in nato but they are considered allied by `` accident '' . 
  not so long ago both countries were ready to attack each other over cyprus . 
  how nato handles things if two members fought each other ? 
  thank you for taking your time to explain these stuff . 
  you are right : they are interesting . 
  also you are correct that politicians usually care more for their own skin than doing the right thing . 
  the thing is that economics can not be decoupled from politics or social aspects . 
  they are intertwined . 
  therefore the decisions is made by a mixture of those : technocrats from finance ministers and imf , political head of states and social pressure and opinions . 
  making decisions based solely on technocrats would be a mistake , from my opinion , as they are decoupled from political and social aspects . 
  well it might be , but nobody wants to invest in greece or borrow them money ( as a private company ) until the situation clears off . 
  this is the sad reality . 
  the money comes from the people , they need to be represented . 
  they were ruled by the military for a lot of time so the military has still some power . 
  also turkey , 
  you need a lot of money to get the oil out initially . 
  plus , oil market is full and oil is cheap . 
  what do you mean `` demand '' ? 
  because decisions are made by politicians, 
  `` de facto '' vs `` de jure '' problem . 
  anyway , the video is very poorly executed and , therefore , this is a shitpost . 
  so these new measures will be different than the measures which were rejected by the referendum ? 
  rub it in our faces richie rich . 
  i think most people would avoid confrontations in a different country just for a minor issue , from their point of view , like getting a receipt . 
  you just do n't get it !, 
  you can not control the islands ... you can bring tourists , electricity , internet there but it is physically impossible to bring a tax officer to control the cash register once in a while . 
  what did you expected based on his username ? 
  yanis ran with it !, 
   extreme economic hardships you did n't paid attention lately , did n't you ? 
  there is little compassion from eastern european countries , as these so called extreme economic hardships they would have to face is just normal business here . 
  because , you know , we did n't had very high salaries and pensions from money we did n't deserved . 
  the economic downfall is just a return to the normality . 
  lol , 5 years . 
  i wish i shared that optimism . 
  shut up you nazijewhomoterrorist !, 
  we love you dear , kisses and hugs !, 
  i tried to keep it simple . 
  i was pretty sure that people will come up to questions why this , why that ... 
  the opinion resulted from the referendum : `` no '' for the austerity measures proposed by the troika . 
  this poll will give also a geographical breakdown , so that 'll be quite interesting . 
  also i have a feeling that the attitude towards greece is rather diverse . 
  our media is the correct and objective media . 
  your media is ruled by illuminati and is brainwashing you . 
  this is related with lagarde 's wish to sit at the table as adults ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/18/eurozone-greece-imf-adults-idusb5n0yp00920150618 ) . 
  varoufakis was clearly not one of those . 
  maybe you prefer the term `` soviet boy '' ? 
  uhmmm ... euro will not dissapear . 
  not if the one who got the money lied/hidden things about their financial situation . 
  you have valid points, 
  for all the people that screams about bad comparisons : i posted this more as a case study of how debt was handled by others . 
  i did not think romania handled the debt well , especially with such drastic austerity measures . 
  i do think , however , that people should understand that having unsustainable debt is a really bad think and , if you do this however , it is your responsibility at the very end . 
  not the lender 's , not everybody else 's . 
  it 's about living within your means without too much drama . 
  they lived good on somebody else 's money . 
  time to pay up . 
  i wonder what 's the plot . 
  ah , you are right . 
  i 'll remove it ... 
  i feel i should have emphasized  right now, 
  can you imagine more than 8 children per women in a country ? 
  wow . 
  in our european societies right now you are seen as a baby factory if you have 3 or 4 children . 
  this is the internet my friend , of course we can judge . 
  i really enjoy these bilingual comments , man . 
  just wanted for you to know that . 
  not likely . 
  but i wanted to emphasize what 1bn means for such a small poor country . 
  the article itself is pretty biased . 
  it has some truths in it but it 's far from objective reality . 
  also , please check the comment section where the top comment is this gem :  we need a military coup , martial law energency powers and the arrest and trial of thousands of eurocrats for waging demographic vandalism against their own people that 's right , people . 
  we need to be run by the military . 
  yeah , that 'll fix all our problems in no time !, 
  do n't worry guys , moldova has a total of 8bn gdp , so they still have 7 left !, 
  yes , i do . 
  have you , at least , checked my profile ? 
  this topic is about this specific situation , not immigration in general : why the hell are n't they searching for jobs in france while eating baguettes and learn to say `` merci beaucoup '' ? 
  if i were a refugee , i would be much pleased with the situation and would not break the law in the country that gives me food and does not attempt to behead me . 
  yes , and also their antagonists are on the rise here , the `` ermahgerd , nazis ! '', 
   violating the sovereignty of libya what sovereignty ? 
  the country is at civil war and is , mostly , governmentless . 
  i do n't get it man . 
  why the fuck do they not show respect for the law and be grateful for their current position ? 
  they should n't complain even if they end up in romania , not to mention france . 
  my thoughts when i read that billboard : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zbyliuqmis, 
  this should be made illegal as they endanger their children . 
  if the topic appeals to people , is n't it ok ? 
  how is this different than people which post mostly about their country ? 
  or about russian aggresion ?
