  how much would it cost and how much time would the trip be ? 
  if that 's true - i stand corrected and i am sorry for making assumptions . 
  [ i slam donkeys . 
  ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--bklhlbiu--/18evs3e431h07gif.gif ), 
  having a piece of paper declaring so , does n't make you german , in the ethnological sense . 
  it just makes you a german citizen . 
  can i join this party ? 
  you need to also have the balls to do that . 
  lol , that 's funny coming from an ex soviet boy . 
  hehe joke 's on you . 
  i am 1.96 cm tall . 
  regarding the penis , however ... :(, 
  so what that we have small penises and are short ? 
  at least we are ... uhmmm ... well you can count on us on being ... errhmmm ... ... fuck your data . 
   the man made some eur 1,000 each day from patients who wanted to retire due to illness all those found that have retired with fake illnesses should be catch up and forced to give all their pensions back and more . 
  there are plenty of early pensioneers which have no illness whatsoever and they get free money from the state . 
  this is n't your grocery checkout . 
  25.6 millions are a lot . 
  please answer my question . 
  why are you so determined to put us in a bad light ? 
  you again ? 
  why are you into this whole romania is a shithole and i must let everybody know it ? 
  you seem that your only interest is to bash us . 
  and why did you changed your flair from israel to romania ? 
  from his other comments :  now it is proved that the only bad thing in bucharest are the romanians . 
   ah , the usual romaniacs bitching for goodwill on r/europe post . 
   ( about romanians ) cause all the unemployed are moving to the uk for wellfare . 
  from his other posts :  indoor bath still a luxury in village romania  romanian beggars in the scandinavian countries make more money than many workers at home, 
   sure , poverty is always an individual problem right ? 
  have i said that ? 
  of course society plays its part . 
   said the privileged about every beggar ever . 
  you 're a walking clishee , you know that ? 
  privileged ? 
  how ?!, 
  do you even know me ? 
  there are many poor ethnic romanians . 
  how are they privileged ? 
  and why are n't they associated with begging ? 
   dumping your less fortunate citizens on the rest of europe listen pal , we did n't dump anyone . 
  they chose to leave romania for a better life elsewhere . 
  just like millions of ethnic romanians that did so as well . 
  yes , it 's because in the west , life is better . 
  it 's not romania 's fault that most of the roma beg . 
  got it ? 
  do n't shift the blame from the people to the country of origin . 
  we have also very poor ethic romanians that chose to work in the west , not beg . 
  ** it 's their choice to beg and not to work !, 
   develop a welfare state that does not allow your minorities to live in filth but is n't this what sweden , norway , denmark are all about ? 
  do you see them happy with the roma people ? 
  here i see them complaining all the time about them . 
  did they successfully integrated them ? 
  no , they still live by begging on the streets in those welfare states . 
  this is the issue : do n't give them money , otherwise they do n't have incentives to work on their own . 
  and i 'm not talking only about roma here . 
  why the negativity man ? 
  you could be right , i do n't know - but bitching about it wo n't help for sure . 
  if we show confidence , others will show it too and that 's good stuff for business . 
  if we tell the world that the economy is going to shit in a decade , they 'll believe it and will stop investing . 
  use your head . 
  i could have made it clearer in the first place . 
  but i 'm lazy ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  we get to vote who we send in the eu parliament . 
  it 's 100 % from 1 to 2 . 
  shh bby it 's ok, 
  come on man ... if you say that about finland , what the hell are we left with to show how mediocre we are ? 
  finland is awesome , it just needs some time to recover . 
  i wish we had just one potato so that we will amaze the world with our 100 % increase . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think that 's such a good idea , though . 
  a lot of people rely on subsistence agriculture . 
  they do n't have enough money to maintain a car but have enough land/skill/hard work to use horses . 
  not quite . 
  there are plenty of romanians who still have these carriages , not only gypsies . 
  one of them are my parents in law . 
  meh , to be honest we still have plenty of horse drawn carriages on the streets in romania as well . 
  belarus is basically russia but way more irrelevant . 
  technically , no . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latino their language are latin related ( like romanian , french , italian , portuguese ) , but they are not latino - that term is used only to describe people from americas . 
  huh , til, 
  it 's a never ending battle , true . 
  but we need to be happy of every little fight that we win . 
  it 's important that we found our long lost civic spirit !, 
  we did it !, 
  guys , like a famous journalist from here said , `` today we stopped being a ceau\u0219ist ( communist ) state '', 
  this picture makes me cringe so hard . 
  so , we 're now showing to europe how it 's done ? 
  we , the ones that elected those guys by a comfortable margin and without a doubt of fraud ? 
  like somebody else said in another thread , what a pile of pretentious crap . 
  this . 
  yes , protests are nice and all , but let 's not forget that these guys won comfortably at the elections which happen just a couple of months ago . 
  i see romania ahead of bulgaria , i upvote . 
  we 're winning these special olympics !, 
  easier said than done , unfortunately . 
  it 's that damn cycle : poverty leads to low education , low education leads to poverty . 
  we 're now trying to break the cycle but it 's very hard . 
  we had also ro\u0219ia montan\u0103 and colectiv protests which were also for noble causes ( ecological , better health and safety ) . 
  i think a lot of civic spirit that we see today is based on those protests where we found out we can actually win . 
  translation is correct . 
  what they did was not part of the promisese they made before the elections .
