  when you vote for a mayor that does a shitty job - as opposed to what he advertised in the campaign , does it mean you 're not allowed to complain about it ? 
  people make mistakes all the time when making choices , not being able to complain about it seems stupid . 
  i think it is about the shape of your country . 
  like note just got a bullet through its brains and those pieces left are your country . 
  or at least that is the way i 've interpreted . 
  there is an ongoing joke here that we should declare war on the swiss , surrender fast and let them annex us . 
  sure , step 1 : suck some american d * ck . 
  no , really , i believe that , without us and , in some measure also eu , we could n't have managed . 
  even so , everything hangs on a very thin thread as the shitheads from the parliament always try to change the laws to benefit them as much as possible . 
  is n't that a private company ? 
  nice , do you have more of that e-government i 've been hearing about ? 
  we could certainly need it ... 
  one of us , one of us, 
  why does romania receives so little per capita as oposed to other poor eu members ? 
  does he also end up with extra pieces at the end like i do ? 
   their execution woah , calm there lil ' stalin . 
  eh , a romanian devised the criterias for the rankings . 
  then why was n't slovakia also hurt ? 
  :( this sucks man ... 
  girlfriend does pole-dance . 
  earns tons of money . 
  saves most of that money because romania . 
  this guy gets it . 
  here in romania , you can earn 99k euro/year and pay taxes only ~ 500 euro/year if you work in it . 
  nice , turkey is indeed a beautiful country !, 
  would still not go there , though . 
  they need to change their current politics and diminish the threat of terrorism before i 'll consider it . 
  pff , amateurs !, 
  you are number 2 and even that is shared with us . 
  that 's an understatement . 
  it 's the balkans ... 
  thanks for sharing this , i did know that 19th century people were so oblivious to the signs of the nightmares from the first half of the 20th century . 
  so what ? 
  are we to be judged by the actions of our fathers ? 
  germany did some horrendous actions in ww2 but the sins were acknowledged and the current generation tries to do good . 
  i judge only the current generation . 
  so what ? 
  i have n't seen you complaining when there is a popular post with the image of iron maiden airplane . 
  is that more relevant for europe ? 
  we do n't have to cater for your interests . 
  you do n't care ? 
  ignore it and stop bitching . 
  lol . 
  man , you 're in for a big surprise . 
  our left it 's not the typical left . 
  the care only about votes , and the current trend of the population is that they do not want refugees . 
  they 'll take as few refugees as possible , being forced by the eu , and that 's that . 
  perhaps even turning blind eyes when refugees chose to cross the border and leave back to rich countries . 
   then why are there no jobs in most of the country ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  unemployment is not high at all , overall . 
  also , infrastructure . 
  that 's the biggest issue for the rest of the country ( like our moldova ) . 
  yeah , if you register as pfa ( authorized person ) , the taxes you will pay are minuscule . 
  welcome to romania !, 
  ( looks at your flair ) : so why are you moving to romania and not bulgaria , instead ? 
  we need low corporate taxes to attract investors , though . 
  investors bring jobs . 
  more investors means more competition for work force which increases the wages . 
  how would you break the cycle of poverty , otherwise ? 
  is there really a left and a right in this country ? 
  more like populist thieves . 
  there are some good people showing up that try to break the establishment but it 's like don quixote 's struggle against the windmills . 
  hitler 's grandchildren ... what the hell ?!, 
  i 'm pretty sure everybody has an ancestor that did some fucked up shit during the entire europe 's history . 
  the blame does n't stay with us , though . 
  it 's still miles away from socialism . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is matteo renzi the answer ? 
   i still get paid 10 rubles nice . 
  keep this up and you 'll have your very own tracksuit in no time . 
  when you 're an irrelevant country , you got ta do what you got ta do - no shame in that . 
  it 's still much better than sucking old degenerate ivan . 
  i see that you post rt news - so i guess you know the feeling all too well . 
  why not both ? 
  i am not voting for any populist , far right or far left , party . 
  but the trend worries me and i blame it on the refugees . 
  sure , not their fault , but i see them as the cause . 
  i do not see any other solution against the incoming political shitfest but to throw the masses some meat . 
  either that or things will get worse . 
  i should have an opinion on events/policies even if they do n't impact my daily life now . 
  i consider that having this mass immigration with low educated people being brainwashed by a shitty religion will impact my life and my children 's in the future . 
  i may be wrong though , but i just do n't want to find out . 
  i want to keep the status quo . 
  and right now that is changing : do you think the rise of populism across europe is something to dismiss easily just by saying `` ah , people are dumb and refugees are safe '' ? 
  you might be right that they/we are dumb but the trend is worrying and ignoring the cause will only make it worse . 
   refugees , on the other hand , do n't disrupt anyone . 
  yeah , i do n't believe that . 
  just look at what the current concerns people have with them - it 's the dominating topic in european politics right now . 
  even if they are all modest law abiding refugees ( which they are n't ) , they are perceived as a threat by a big chunk of population and that chunk is getting bigger and bigger . 
  so , in a way , even if they are n't disruptive themselves ( which i highly doubt ) , how they are perceived makes them disruptive . 
  the rift between us grows bigger as some choose to go extreme right wing and some go extreme left wing . 
  the moderate voices are getting buried by extremes and i do n't like that . 
  by this reason alone , i do not welcome the refugees . 
  please , do n't imagine definitions . 
  if the european states are socialist states ( in `` contemporary '' terms ) , what is north korea ? 
  everything is mixed . 
  i may have 3 % neanderthal dna , that does n't make me a neanderthal . 
  the same with societies today . 
  we ca n't call eu 's economies socialists because we have a reference of what a close to socialism economy looked liked ( see communist states in eastern europe ) .
