  we have ... awaken . 
  you 're trying too hard . 
  see hungarians ? 
  we were first !, 
  go back to russia !, 
  ... let the flame wars ... begin !, 
  nein , nein , herr refugee , you need to fill the form e102 , not e201 . 
  no , we do n't have it here . 
  try the office 2a . 
  their closed now . 
  horrid conditions ? 
  please . 
  at least they were not in danger of being beheaded , right ? 
  right ? 
  let 's not forget what a refugee should expect : shelter and security . 
  not pizza and villas . 
  i assume they were muslim migrants based on this :  `` in a suburb of stockholm yesterday they were confronted by a group who objected to them filming , '' this  objected to the 60 minutes team , including presenter liz hayes , filming and interviewing immigrants at rinkeby square . 
  and this  they told me that they were in somalia , syria and iraq , but nothing like that has just happened to them , they had never experienced [ this ] anywhere else . 
  this is one of the best post i 've read here !, 
  congratulations for you effort , english skills , attention to detail and professionalism . 
  you will do great in the future , i know you will . 
  the stories are true . 
  our internet is fabulous . 
  corruption can never be removed . 
  it can only be contained . 
  take your hands off her !, 
  she 's all ours !, 
  we waited too much time to meet someone like her ... our precioussssss, 
  that 's a bold move dave , let 's see how it will play out . 
  my guess : the refugees will finally break the police barricades in all the countries starting with macedonia and nobody will do shit . 
  the usual refugee flow will continue until the next saturation and daily quotas are imposed . 
  repeat until violence will remain the only option . 
   dna sent to court over 1,250 defendants for top - and medium-level corruption last year . 
  five times more ministers and members of the parliament were indicted last year , including former prime minister victor ponta , 5 ministers , 5 senators , and 16 members of the deputies chamber . 
  `` it 's the highest number of officials investigated by dna in a year , '' kovesi pointed out . 
  i love kovesi . 
  i am sorry you had to go through that !, 
  nobody should be forced to listen manele :(, 
  why ? 
  do you drink water , eat and shit too ? 
   i want free coffee :( looks like you need more german overlords . 
   man you are fucked up . 
  why man ? 
  i consider my life to be pretty averege . 
  i like it that way . 
   thanks for stealing jobs at german corporations i turrhk yur jerb !, 
   commuting is periodically recurring travel between one 's place of residence and place of work , or study , and in doing so exceed the boundary of their residential community . 
  i am exceeding the boundary of my residential community , i go past a forest to reach my workplace . 
  when going with my bike is quite nice . 
  does reddit count ? 
  neah man , i 'm good . 
  my family is my hobby . 
  he 's currently level 24 dota2 master and a colonel in cs : go . 
  well , you are most welcome to come and settle . 
  i , for one , hope that westerners will chose to come here for mutual benefit . 
  that 's some nice wishful thinking right there . 
  :( would someone think of the poor jihadists ? 
  ... wow , this sounds really bad . 
  for once , being an economically unattractive country pays off . 
  there are news everywhere here that our first batch of refugees are coming : all 15 of them . 
  not that shit again !, 
  whoa , relax dude !, 
  the winter will soon be over . 
  no , left guys . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  i heard austria always wanted to have a port somewhere ... 
   i am not going to say you just said that . 
  for example : i 'm not going to say that you 're a moron , but 99 % of what you say is moronic . 
   banners with best of luck and let 's remain friends !, 
  do n't forget : `` no , no , it was n't you , it was me '' and `` i think we should see other people . '', 
  do n't try to find some masterplan on how the things are done here when you can blame everything on stupidity . 
  huh , that 's some interesting info . 
  til, 
  please do n't be on the list , please do n't be on the list , ... ah shit , we 're on the list . 
  cross the border and live with us . 
  we do n't have much but the media here is quite ... diverse . 
  also lots of internets . 
  wow , i always thought that he was a writer from the middle ages . 
  fuck , i 'm ignorant . 
  now you 're just throwing insults . 
   `` a direct link between the attack and the ypg has been established , '' davuto\u011flu said . 
  it had received logistical support from pkk militants inside turkish territory , he added . 
  but both the ypg and the pkk flatly deny responsibility . 
  the pyd leader , salim muslim , also said his group was not involved . 
   ** these denials , plus the speed , unusually detailed nature and alacrity of davuto\u011flu 's announcement ** , will raise questions about the thoroughness of the investigation , the accuracy of its findings and possible political motivations . 
  they were too quick on drawing conclusions . 
  that 's way too fishy . 
  where is the professional investigation on what happened ? 
  you just figure that mess out in one night ? 
  please . 
  only one army can defeat the russians . 
  the mongols . 
  but they are retired now . 
  it did . 
  see all replies . 
  declare war on the swiss . 
  surrender shortly and let them annex you . 
  what 's a gun ? 
  so what dacia is owned by the french ? 
  they are helping our economy big time , we have many more companies that provide for dacia + employment .
