  wow , what a drama queen . 
  wow , what an editorialized title . 
  pushing an agenda there ? 
  actual title is : the world 's most reputable countries , 2015, 
  yeah , but there is no perfect solution for this . 
  what if a city decides to rename itself to a ridiculous name ( see latest boaty mcboatface ) ? 
  or to a name like fuckbucharest ? 
  maybe it should be a mixture of things : the city can trigger the name change and the parliament can approve it or deny it . 
  yeah , you got your facts rights , fog-breather . 
  how many pesos can i get for one gazillion rubles ? 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  look at this yugo , trying to get away from his heritage ... 
  please , stop the lies you arab . 
   they also infiltrate ( and destroy ) any new political movement yeah , i am gon na call bullshit on that one . 
  can you please give us more details or credible sources ? 
  wow , you 've made some really good financial decisions . 
  will you consider being our new finance minister ? 
  you can buy a winter tire for your new dacia duster !, 
  tax evasion is still a thing , yes , but it 's way less than a decade ago , for example . 
  each year tax collection is growing . 
  do n't be so negative man , we have issues but we 're trying to solve them . 
  do you expect miracles to happen ? 
  good luck !, 
  i sure hope we 'll have more successful european companies in the smartphone business . 
  they are popular because they are in english and they cover a lot of european affairs , not just uk . 
  us newspapers have less content about europe so we go to uk 's . 
  i understand bits of french and german but not good enough to fully understand the articles from their newspapers covering europe . 
  oh man , there was a bar fight in some village in romania and someone died !, 
  it 's not safe here guys , please give money and accept my asylum request !, 
  the guardian decided some time ago to remove the comment section for all `` sensitive '' topics . 
  creating safe space and such . 
  totally not censorship of opinions . 
  yeah , but he said that it is the most popular ** media ** event . 
  ah , well ... 
  they are racists but against white people . 
  these days finding moderates seems harder and harder . 
  ok , `` play '' dumb now . 
  yeah , right . 
  because news that do n't support our worldview are racist . 
  recently , it is hard for me the decide which of the groups is more retarded , the extreme left or the extreme right . 
  `` remains a problem '' . 
  like corruption vanishes like magic if you topple one set of corrupt politicians . 
  fighting corruption is a never ending battle and it 's especially hard when you start from ukraine 's level . 
  would take decades until it 's no longer a * major * problem . 
  do n't go full retard . 
  it 's also romantic . 
  you can get laid pretty fast while reciting poems in romanian to a girl under the starry night with the gentle breeze touching her hair ... 
  immigration might be needed , but you need useful one . 
  to bring educated and easily integratable workforce is what you need . 
  neah . 
  i do n't even believe that . 
  haha , good joke comrade . 
  just like your country . 
  well , come on bulgaria and [ join our club ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/142p66.jpg ) . 
  on a more serious note , why is croatia liked more than slovenia ? 
  i would have imagined slovenia to be in the cool kids club . 
  we like you too , do n't worry . 
  you can see that , overall , we view you positively . 
  this is a great deal in the balkans to have positive feelings for your neighbour . 
  well art is subjective and i really do n't know what their intended message is . 
  my assumption is that they want to show that these 2 are very similar and they are in love with themselves in a grossly manner . 
  meh , at least they send a message - whether you like the message or not . 
  drawing dickbutts would have been juvenile . 
  this is just their way of expressing their opinion . 
  the biggest issue between us is transylvania . 
  they believe it is their land and we disagree . 
  look up trianon pact . 
  yeah , because moldova and transnistria are big powers . 
  do you have reading comprehension issues ? 
  we , the romanian people : http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2015-12-23-20685029-70-topul-simpatiei-romanilor-fata-alte-tari.png, 
  conventional wars from big powers are dead ever since the nuclear option arose . 
  this shield can not protect us from nuclear warheads completely , but it 's a step in the right direction . 
  maybe in the future we 'll have a much more advance shield and then we 'll neuter that big eastern aggressor for good . 
  shitlin , as far as we 're concerned . 
   russia possessed an estimated 8,500 total nuclear warheads of which 1,800 were strategically operational . 
  yeah , no muscles and no threat . 
  please . 
  you surely meant < = 7, 
  yeah , it 's weird that there are no bigger efforts to connect the two countries better . 
  we are mainly focused on connecting bucharest to hungary ( so , to the west ) and 2 highways are under construction for that . 
  perhaps a constanta-varna highway would make sense to be build , especially it would be better for you since there are much more romanian tourists in bulgaria than the other way . 
   infrastructure i sure hope this will change fast . 
  the public pressure here is very high on building highways and we * should * have a much better situation in a decade or so . 
  i just want to visit bulgaria faster  i went there 2 times already for the summer holidays . 
  wow , crazy that you were so far ahead in ' 89 . 
  how did the bulgarians view romania ? 
  i know that hungarians had jokes about how poor we were , did you had the same ? 
  they are closer to the west than us . 
  that helps since the developed west , germany - mostly , started to use the cheap labor from poland , czech republic and slovakia instead of balkan countries due to their proximity . 
  yeah , but that only makes it stranger since you had all these colonies to help build the country . 
  switzerland or the nordic states did n't even had those but they were much better off . 
  yeah , but still odd considering that it was neutral in ww1 and most of europe got wrecked then . 
  what the hell happened to spain ? 
  from former colonial and maritime super-power to ... balkan status . 
  ok , thanks for the info , such a fascinating place the far east is . 
  i sometimes `` visit '' places like where you live via google street view . 
  - do you have issues when buying stuff online that it wo n't be delivered there ? 
  - do you ever encounter shortages of basic commodities being in a town so remote ? 
  - can you take the ferry to japan ?
