  dacia is much , much better for romania than the former communist enterprise . 
  i could n't give a shit about who owns what in the country as long as they obey the law , treat their employees fair and pay their taxes . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , pal , but the communist enterprises were noncompetitive monstrosities . 
  just look at cfr , romanian post , etc. 
  me and my family leave a much better life than in the communism . 
  also gdp per capita ppp figures confirms that , so it 's not just me . 
   we as a country have nothing now lol , what a bunch of bullcrap . 
  :( neah , just kidding - i 'm not really sad . 
  did you just contradict yourself ? 
  you do n't care about kosovo but you hate the place . 
  what ? 
  maybe he meant `` shave '', 
  they will save them . 
  4 % growth is not exactly an explosion . 
  this is a moderate-high growth level for developing economies . 
  the growth difference between us and the other similar countries is not very big but i think that that difference comes from anti-corruption efforts . 
  i expect that the growth to be bigger than the forecast , though , as the new government is much better than the last one ( we finally got ourselves technocrats ) and that public investment will recover , as in 2015 it dropped significantly since most public officials are scared to sign public contracts since the dna is watching every shady move . 
   real gdp growth in the third quarter of 2015 ( 3.6 % y-o-y ) was surprisingly strong given the significant drop in agricultural production . 
  the expansion was driven mainly by services , with retail trade surging after the cut in the vat for food as of 1 june 2015 , and by the ict sector . 
  private consumption is thriving , buoyed by higher disposable income and the recovery of local currency lending . 
  investment has sustained its upward trend . 
  the economic sentiment indicator reached a seven-year peak in the third quarter of 2015 , pointing to continued momentum . 
  real gdp growth in 2015 is thus estimated to turn out at 3.6 % , its highest growth rate since 2008 . http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2016_winter/ro_en.pdf on plus of those , i think also anti-corruption and anti-fraud efforts are starting to pay off . 
  the confidence of investors is increasing as things look stable around here from a political and economical point of view . 
  we are far from our potential though , we expect much more from the agriculture sector which is very un-productive . 
  rip, 
  do n't be sorry . 
  we 're not actually sure if it 's a good thing or a bad thing . 
  nice work !, 
  how do you say `` friend '' and `` and '' ? 
  at least it sounds logical to be the other way around . 
  but our brothers have lost reason while being brainwashed by ussr . 
  we 're somewhat in the balkans . 
  not entirely geographically but definetely culturally . 
  your point being ? 
  [ i knew we ca n't trust those kangaroos !, 
  ] ( http://wiki.erepublik.com/images/thumb/e/ec/party-australian_communist_party.jpg/218px-party-australian_communist_party.jpg ), 
  that 's crazy . 
  here there was a case with mass rape and all perpetrators got between 6-10 years each . 
  well done comrades . 
  i believe our southern neighbors are doing slightly worse than us . 
  but , anyway , eu is a select club , we should n't only compare to them , otherwise we would be always depressed . 
  if the current trend of arrests continues , i 'm afraid we 'll need much more prosecutors , judges , jails , etc. 
  so we do n't have any to spare , sorry . 
  it 's shit compared to norway , yes . 
  but there are plenty of shittier countries out there . 
  the headline says clearly :  local media have reported that 10 cars , thought to belong to pegida supporters , were set alight . 
  i do n't see where the confusion is . 
  maybe other articles ? 
  yeah , but i think the chinese will also welcome cameron with respect for his culture . 
  i wonder if that 's also the case with renzi in iran . 
  they !, 
  the voices . 
   you do n't imprison people for life for being nice albeit very naive people . 
  you made a general statement , not a specific to this case . 
  otherwise , please formulate to avoid confusions . 
  something like : `` you ca n't imprison ** these ** people ... '', 
  of course . 
  the other 75 % are just racist assholes so they do n't count . 
  in this case , yes . 
  in other cases - it might . 
  see fanatics that kill in the name of religion/ideals and they are convinced that they are the good people . 
  naivity is not an excuse for doing wrong stuff even if you think you 're doing good stuff . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  please . 
  you ca n't teach old dogs new tricks . 
  it 's because it does n't fit your narrative . 
  go home , dad . 
  do n't forget a sticker with a sun for good behaving countries and a sticker with a cloud for russia . 
  shame on you russia !, 
  pff , look at these portuguese beggars . 
  such a shame ... 
  triggered, 
  i like this map better . 
  romania . 
  i lived in germany for a year . 
  my god , the internet was horrendous . 
  when i came back home i hugged my router and shed tears of joy . 
  therfore `` initially led '' . 
  lol , it 's not like that . 
  we are n't against that company just because it 's a foreign company . 
  there are much more concerns about it , environmental being the biggest one . 
  also the share out of this deal for the state was n't big enough to justify giving our resources away . 
  from what i 've understood , that company had some shady practices , like bribing officials , locals and `` experts '' to downplay the environmental impact and risks this project would have made . 
   only for small crimes so , like , for sexual assaults or burglaries ? 
  oh , how convenient . 
  no , i do n't think they were asked to do that . 
  anyway , what makes you think they 'll stop with this vacation ? 
  i can assume that more awesome trips will follow for this family . 
  i 'm so jealous right now ... 
  having pictures like that would have helped , though . 
  yeah , like the nye events in koln and other german cities . 
  that kind of self-censorship . 
  zdf and other mass media there are a big fucking joke . 
  the same situation is in sweden . 
  from what i understand in the west is much more prevalent the public stigmatization and self-censorship of mass media . 
  i do n't know , it 's not that crazy thought . 
  here , we have media outlets for everybody . 
  left crazies , right crazies , ultra nationalists , fake sarcastic news , normal news , tabloids - you name it . 
  you can basically rant against anyone or anything , no matter how moronic your ideas are .
