  praise must be given when they do the right thing . 
  changes need time . 
  all these arrests are good signs , we should be glad not bitching all the time, 
  i 'm not a prosecutor but still got a boner reading the news . 
  he starts with the fact that europe 's policy was n't at fault and then continues to criticize europe 's policy and give solutions . 
  a little bit contradictory . 
  you 've ruined it . 
  they have also a very high suicide rate . 
  hungarians , chill !, 
  heh ... w. . why would you say that ? 
  n. . no he 's not !, 
  -30 % diplomacy, 
  that 's not quite true . 
  you can still find beggars in romania too . 
  `` you so poor , not even a somali wants to be fed by you ! '', 
  dracula is great !, 
  our lord of darkness is merciful and it 's totally not forcing me to say this . 
  it 's because last time the left sold us utopic ideals we were screwed up big time . 
  we do n't believe in unicorns anymore . 
   void of any empathy with what is going through this guy 's head he 's a totally douche bag . 
  no matter what , you do n't use your family to prove something . 
  you do n't throw your wife and kid on a fucking railroad track , got it ? 
  i do n't give a shit about what he was thinking , you . 
  just . 
  do n't . 
  use . 
  your . 
  family . 
  take a look for yourself : https://vid.me/nhcc, 
   and somewhere around here we have the bbc links too . 
  here it is : https://vid.me/nhcc, 
  neah man , bitching on the internet will fix them !, 
  it 's all fine to want to live better man . 
  nobody denies that . 
  however , that is unfair if you want to do that illegally . 
  according to the law they must be processed by the first eu country the enter . 
  what about the other immigrants that need to go through the whole visa process ? 
  is n't that unfair to them ? 
  refugees are welcomed but they should n't have claims besides security/food/healthcare / roof on top of their heads . 
  imagine our surprise !, 
  it 's all over the news : `` some refugees actually want to stay in romania , this is huge ! '', 
  and much more comfortable . 
  not to mention that you did all that in spite of being ass-fucked by the communists for several decades . 
  did you really look ? 
  http://www.eurail.com/eurail-passes/global-pass i see that you can travel unlimited for 3 months . 
  after that , you can take an extra month . 
  i do n't know about your definition of lying but for me , if you are telling people different stuff that happened than in reality , that 's lying . 
  do you really doubt about the shit conditions some hospitals here are ? 
  just google for `` conditii spital romania '' . 
  plenty of examples , not just this one . 
  you should get out of the big city from time to time to see the other romania , my friend . 
  you may be right . 
  thanks to provide a different view on this . 
  but that guy is still a douche to use his family like that . 
  honestly , i always ridiculed those people that did n't trust mainstream media . 
  thought they were just conspiracy crazies . 
  now ... i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  yeah but you and me are n't professional journalists payed by the citizens to give them objective reporting . 
  not only that but they said that the companion tried to help them . 
  bullshit : that asshat threw them on the tracks in the first place . 
  but then it seems that when they reach germany this behavior is strangely gone . 
  why is that ? 
  why are n't they throwing their loved ones on the train tracks in germany as well ? 
  as hard it is for me , as a romanian , to admit it , hungary is a pretty decent place to live man . 
  stop making up like these people are in the biggest hell hole on earth ready to be sacrificed to satan . 
  this video right here . 
  blatantly lying . 
  pssh . . you capitalist pig will never understand . 
  some , yes . 
  however you do n't use your child like this . 
  what the fuck ? 
  that child is terrified !, 
  what an asshole father ... 
  i think he wanted a fair distribution , not just give all to the same people . 
  `` give a man a fish and you feed him for a day ; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime '', 
  [ sample hospital in romania ] ( http://newstiriromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/615463551.jpg ) . 
  italy government please help us !, 
  wow , you are so edgy !, 
  noooooooooooooooo, 
  yeah , because in order to have an opinion , you must have at least 3 years of reddit . 
  you could say that there are also a lot of extreme political correct people , bury-head-in-sand types , hypocrites and believers in unicorns here . 
  this is a forum for debate , let there be debates not just `` oh , look , these guys disagree with me - fuck this sub , i 'm taking my toys and leave '' and `` so many people disagree with me - there is clearly a brigade , it 's just not possible that i am wrong !, 
  yeah , right . 
  now the `` brigades '' are in vacation right ? 
  now the / r/europe nazis are sleeping . 
  that 's why this is the top post and the top comment has a positive view on immigrants . 
  i 'm so sick of people screaming at everybody that has different opinions with `` ermagerd this sub is filled with racist hur-dur '' remarks . 
   if germany swings this right uhmmm , let 's hope not too right , ok ? 
   something must happen something like winter ? 
  we could take moldova for that reason , though . 
  you could have said at least that the question is meant for none . 
   calling people on being silly or even mocking them that would not help or change people 's mind . 
  this is n't high school . 
  you must bring reasonable arguments , not just : `` you do n't understand , i see better '' . 
  you are now debating if the topic is worth discussing or if the topic is indeed that much concerning , which is another thing entirely . 
  the public 's concerns must be addressed even if they are deemed trivial by some people . 
  the more you put things under the rug ( see the megathread ) , the more traction the topic gets and counter-movements are getting stronger ( see recent rise of far right ) . 
  we now have the front page flooded by the this topic but , at least , you get to see both views presented . 
  i , for one , changed my mind with these posts and i am now in favor of helping the refugees as much as we can . 
  the poll was n't made by asking the general population `` which is most concerning : immigration , greece debt crisis or justin bieber 's breakup ?
