  i feel grateful to germany that i work for their companies for 10 years now . 
  on sibiu county he 'll be allright . 
  roads are ok . 
  in romania , they end with - escu . 
   how safe is it to travel alone ? 
  very safe . 
  at most you will be charged extra by taxi drivers . 
  no beheadings in romania , we promise . 
   am i good with basic english ? 
  yes , in cities . 
  in rural areas , mostly at hotels , pensions , b&b . 
   what would a good route be ? 
  since i am from sibiu , i can encourage you to come to [ sibiu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sibiu ) . 
  if you know german , you 'll find it nice here as it was a former saxon city . 
  sibiu is filled with events all year long as it was an european capital of culture and it 's close to carpathians . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.turism.sibiu.ro/index.php/en ) for events . 
  since you 're there you can rent a car to visit one of the nicest [ roads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transf%c4%83g%c4%83r%c4%83%c8%99an ) and visit the carpathians from there . 
  is it me , or the balkans are setting up for another trademark party ? 
  looks like we 're starting to curse at each other like it 's 1912 . 
   nice with the eu to get fast into schengen . 
  yeah , about that ... 
  i think hr , ro and bg 's appetite for schengen dropped quite fast . 
   fantastic saying if you are in a high-school dance-off , yes . 
  pshh . 
  another butt-hurt compatriot . 
  man , lighten up !, 
  i think it 's better for foreigners to have low expectations on romania and then * bam * they are in awe with the beauty of our country : carpathians , danube delta , etc. 
  on , the other hand , if we only promote the good side of romania , they will be very disappointed when they run into ugly side of romania . 
  both sides exists , we should n't hide anything . 
  i think now germany has taken france 's place . 
  this is too much i think . 
  not anymore !, 
  it 's eu problem now , muahahahhahahahaha, 
  how exactly did he run the country in the ground ? 
  we got into eu and nato during his time . 
  he was n't the best - that 's for sure . 
  anyway , you need to stop watching antena3 man , they are brainwashing people . 
  croatia : `` tag !, 
  you 're it '', 
   refugees are wide-spread abusing their children did i said that ? 
  i have seen footage with examples of parents that use shamelessly their children for bonus sympathy points . 
  the one that threw it 's family on the train track . 
  the one that carried his toddler on his shoulders in the middle of an angry mob while he was screaming terrified , the ones that get them in the middle of a riot and then present them to the reporters with tears/vomit from the tear gas . 
  i need only one example to realize that children are being used for sob stories . 
  this makes journalists and parents accomplices for that child 's misery . 
  i know you meant sarcasm , but hungary grew in my eyes , recently . 
  and i 'm a romanian . 
  establish dna , you must . 
  lol , welcomes them my ass . 
  they are already clashing with the police and croatia said that they are full . 
  yeah , but what do you do when you lose trust in those experts ? 
  when you find out that they are biased and try to induce emotions instead of presenting facts ? 
   that 's not how media works . 
  the news have the responsibility to provide accurate picture of the events , not literal picture . 
  it 's not archiving , it 's story telling . 
  lol , no . 
  if i want story telling , i go watch a movie . 
  accuracy means you do n't alter reality . 
  cutting scenes/sound will mislead you in believing something else ( like they did with that train track situation ) . 
  also when they show children crying from tear gas but omit to show how asshole parents put them in the front line . 
  huh ... thanks for clarifications . 
  i will look these up in detail . 
  [ shame on you , hungary !, 
  ] ( http://media.philstar.com/images/the-philippine-star/lifestyle/paandar/sona-2015/shame-gif-game-of-thrones.gif ), 
  then why do we need un ? 
  why the fuck do we still have veto rights in un ? 
  it does n't make any sense !, 
  edit : meh , op editorialized the article . 
  it says that russia is resisting , not blocking . 
  i got into false impression that russia already blocked the resolution , but the truth is that they are , in fact , negotiating it . 
   `` the danger remains with extremists who can mobilize others with inaccuracies about migrants carrying disease , weapons or seeking only economic help , '' he said , pointing to posts on social media that depict the migrants as terrorists or economic opportunists from countries other than syria . 
  yeah i have seen that . 
  the propaganda is disgraceful , indeed . 
  but on both sides !, 
  manistream mass media is not handling the refugee crisis in a professional , objective way but twisting stories , picking only positive/sob refugee stories , filming mainly children ( which are being used and abused by their parents due to this ! ) . 
  can we get objective reporting on what 's really going on , please ? 
  also can we address public concerns professionally ? 
  in hungary , germany , lesbos , etc. 
  turkey , like russia , is a country at crossroads . 
  i guess they feel more european than asian , though , and so do i. 
  their history is mixed with european one , as much as we from the balkans disliked it , and they are secular ( and i hope they remain like so ) . 
  what , did you missed hungarian history lessons ? 
  `` refugees '', 
  of course i would n't be too happy but i will accept the situation . 
  romania already lost 2-3 million people in recent decades , they will fill nicely the gap as we have many similarities . 
  invest in fence & razor wire industry . 
  good future for it ahead . 
  yeah the ladies are going crazy for cocalars in bmws . 
  you can have them all , you capitalist pigs !, 
  you keep throwing labels so easily until they 'll become meaningless . 
  anyway , yes , help turkey and lebanon with money and stuff . 
  ask the arab nations to take some in to relieve those two . 
  hand pick families and orphans from the camps insead of letting all kind of people walk the border without any control or proof of who they are or whe they were . 
  and do what then ? 
  riot ? 
  they are not entitled to chose whatever they want . 
  he 's clearly a troll . 
  i hope ... 
  that a country can choose for itself who enters its teritory ( i 'm refering to illegal immigrants here ) . 
  is that a crazy aproach ?
