  i like that . 
  do n't worry . 
  noone will go to greenland if they 'll decide that it is the only location in europe for them to go . 
  so this is kind of a deterrent : `` sure , we 'll house you . 
  oh , you do n't want to come anymore ? 
  yeah , we thought so . '', 
  remove truth , it is not fitting our ideals comrades . 
  drugs . 
  police should n't do politics . 
  they should protect good people and punish bad people no matter what . 
  i think sweden needs more poles to handle them , though . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania or , you know , we can just believe you . 
  yeah , but do a per capita now comparison . 
  ah , now i get it . 
  i thought that he meant the actual first edition printed before ww2 . 
  yeah , this edition would be pretty much worthless . 
  if it 's rare , it has value . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  wow , no id checks until now . 
  just wow . 
  yeah , sure . 
  do n't worry , it 's a good joke . 
  we have old man christmas , not father christmas . 
  but , but ... do n't you know that nazis were also patriotic ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it 's about hipocrisy here . 
  why are n't they bashing other governments that do the same stuff as well ? 
  public media being independent from the politics ? 
  what are they raving about ? 
  this is pretty much the norm when changing the ruling party to replace most of the public chiefs with their cronies . 
  nothing out of the ordinary here . 
  what am i missing ? 
  poland is not a bad place to live in . 
  so a romanian is representative to an entire country ? 
  i like france a lot . 
  there , is the chart still fishy now ? 
  yeah , i guess is ok considering that the history books have plenty of pages regarding the anti ottoman struggles and wars . 
  some people think that the jews are behind pretty much everything and control us like master puppeteers . 
  or illuminati , or something like that . 
  huh , it 's crazy how much the entire of europe improved economically in just 15 years . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  and how is this thread special ? 
  i guess people want to debate an ideological issue more than some warehouses strike which will cause some people to not get their stuff on time . 
  for real , though , how much did the illuminaty paid you ? 
  romania higher than austria ? 
  this ca n't be right . 
  but you could if you want to !, 
  i love pula !, 
  if the contract you already signed with them alows it , yes . 
  but this is n't a legal issue . 
  it 's an issue of trust . 
  imagine that future investors would be concerned to invest in hungary because the government is unpredictable . 
  if they hurt your business for such trivial issues , you 'll want to invest those money elsewhere . 
  where are those downvotes you mention of ? 
  popcorn is selling like crazy since then . 
  you must first reach year 2000 romania 's level of corrupt in order to be forced to do this . 
  pshhh , the doctors and engineers from syria , of course . 
  we 'll have in 2016 . 
  tbh , the black sea caused also little trouble . 
  a true turk, 
  since 2012 there were no greece air space violations ? 
  see [ aegean dispute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ) . 
  turkey know all too well how to handle this diplomatically . 
  instead they chose to poke the bear because they know nato will shelter them , like a mother to her brat . 
  17 seconds ... reckless allies . 
  you should put a flair so that people know you 're from portugal   there 's nobody more westerner what about iceland ? 
  that 's not true . 
  you know what else is frustrating ? 
  westerners like to complain that `` omg , stupid easterners could n't integrate their beggars so they are not forced to beg , those poor victims '' . 
  but then , when the beggars arrive at their lidl , they say : `` omg , stupid easterners should come take their beggars back , we ca n't integrate them '' . 
  this is sad . 
  western people should understand that we are not sending only beggars to their countries and that we are not receiving eu funds without a cost . 
  the brain drain is severe but , hopefully , things will change in the future if romania will continue to grow economically . 
  their actions * seem * reckless . 
  but let 's find out some details about this incident first , before drawing conclusions . 
  this has nothing to do with diplomacy . 
  turkey knows all too well about violating air space , just ask greece . 
  so , them shooting other planes for doing the same , is just hypocrisy and recklessness . 
   it should be shot down . 
  yeah , here 's the thing : world geopolitics and diplomacy should n't be handled by trigger happy children . 
  `` do you love your eternal leader kim jong um ? '', 
  wow , 99,8 % said yes !, 
  i wonder if this post will be deleted as low quality like the others . 
  i mean , come on , it 's just a sob story without any proof of truth . 
  so no , you 're not getting downvotes because `` racists '' , but because `` shitpost '' according to this sub rules . 
  ah , i see now . 
  sorry that i 've misinterpreted what you said . 
  do n't go that line of logic man . 
  nowadays it 's hard to invade , let 's say , even vietnam ( if you know what i mean ) . 
  countries should stop thinking of invading russia . 
  unless you are the mongols . 
  extreme islamism is like a disease we chose to ignore up until the symptoms started to kick in although lab results already told us that we were infected with it for quite some time . 
  ok , then let me rephrase : `` created from unsustainable debt '' . 
  is this better ? 
  artificially created = created with money from debt , not greek economy . 
  greece can not avoid austerity if its expenses  its income and nobody would lend greece any more money . 
  therefore , cut expenses . 
  easy . 
  well , did you expect for things to be magically solved in greece ? 
  they had their growth artificially created .
