  immigration should be about offer and demand : one country needs more skilled workers , that country accepts those skilled workers . 
  win-win , hurray !, 
  in this current state , the immigration which is happening right now it 's just not feasible . 
  this is n't about race/religion . 
  it 's just that too many people will come for europe to handle and this will cause all sorts of issues : economical , cultural , political . 
  you already see that the far right movement is on the rise . 
  this will not stop until the issue is addressed . 
  on the refugee aspect : yes , those people should be helped , it is the right thing to do . 
  but i think we should also intervene in their homelands . 
  a state that produces millions of refugees is clearly not a state working for its people . 
  intervene and bring the refugees back once the matter is settled and no more war is going on to re-start their lives and make their country great again . 
  am i seeing this the wrong way ? 
  please argument , if so . 
  so , the fact that these were copy/pasted from somewhere means that the arguments themselves are bad ? 
  how about you come with counter-arguments ? 
  it 's not all about religion , although that plays also a part ( europe is secular , people immigrating from middle east/africa come from states where religion plays a much bigger role in them ) . 
  it 's also about economics and cultural aspects . 
  actually , it 's quite low . 
  the mods have spoken , we must comply . 
   megathreads have a few small advantages which give it an edge over flair-filtering systems in this specific instance is it an advantage for the user ? 
  or for the moderator 's agenda ? 
  dey trook err jerbs !, 
  they make cherry and daewoo cars though branded as zaz, 
  housing is a basic necesity , transportation because you are bored , is not . 
  weeping at the picture of his long lost girlfriend : austro-hungary ... 
  ah , now that you insulted me , i will for sure see your point and agree with you . 
  the kind of which i am allowed to have . 
  got a problem ? 
  ... and not providing the same free stuff for your citizens . 
  is this more clear , now ? 
  while i agree that multiculturalism force fed on people is , in general , a bad idea , i have a feeling that this guy is too much of an extremist . 
  mentioning homeland fighters and `` one true nation '' is disturbing considering a not-so-long-ago european history . 
  you got me . 
  but that still does n't make you less of a hypocrite . 
   i would have thought that a romanian of all people would know better than to use stereotypical associations , or is that only bad when you 're tied to gypsies but it 's ok to do it to others ? 
  wow , you are so much better than me to bring up my nationality as an argument . 
  and to prove that you are also a hypocrite , you talk about me using stereotypical associations , but you assume that i would mind being associated with a gypsy because i am a romanian , therefore using also a stereotypical association . 
  well , guess what : i do n't mind at all . 
  also , senhor racist , what 's wrong to be associated with gypsies ? 
  did i say that they should be left without help ? 
  how much help should they receive : that 's the real question . 
  why spend money to address non-basic necessities ? 
  we have a moral obligation to help them to not , you know , die . 
  not to entertain them while discriminating your own citizens . 
  yes , because claiming that actually invalidates all arguments . 
  can you please provide me to a fully objective , non-biased discussion room ? 
  what i want is for the governments to teach people to fish not to pamper them by giving them fishes . 
  i also want the refugees to be grateful for their current situation , and not seeing them committing crimes like in calais , debrecen , etc. 
  and yes , i know that not all of them are like those portrayed by the media but i also know that not all of them came here in good faith . 
  it 's about what it should be done to help refugees . 
  first thing : get them out of trouble and provide basic necessities . 
  then , everything is optional and a `` nice to have '' thing . 
  no , you do n't give them free camels because they miss them , you give them blankets . 
  no , you do n't build them mosques , you give them food . 
  when you provide them with free non-absolutely necessary things , you discriminate your own people . 
  yes , i 'm from bologna , romania . 
  what about fear ? 
  they fled mostly because of fear , right ? 
  that means that they made a choice : living in security is better than living in unfamiliar places with unfamiliar people . 
  well then , stick to that choice . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  it 's everybody else 's fault . 
  you and your family are fearing each day that you 'll be killed in a war zone . 
  you are now a refugee who lives decently without breaking a sweat and your family is out of danger . 
  which of the two would you choose ? 
  being a refugee sucks but it 's still much better than the alternative . 
  what did they had ? 
  mostly fear and poverty . 
  yes , i was n't arguing the correctness of the map . 
  i was just surprised about it , that 's all . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://02varvara.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/00-g20-russia-and-china-040715.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=1320 ) . 
  yes , i know that , but even so i did n't expect them to be similar in latitude with paris . 
  yes poor lonely refugees : not happy enough that they escaped their hellish failed states and ended up in a safe rich country . 
  they should give them more free stuff so they do n't get too depressed . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i always had the image of canadian big cities being the equivalent of our scandinavian ones . 
  i found the map pretty interesting even though not all big cities were included . 
  stop being a butt hurt . 
  that big city they marked is wien ? 
   `` upon these recent attacks and threats directed against our national security , north atlantic council has been called for a meeting by turkey [ this ] week under article 4 of the washington treaty with a view to ** informing our allies about the measures we are taking and the operations we are conducting against terrorism , as well as to holding consultations with them ** , '' it said . 
  rtfa, 
  at least they were not murdered in a genocide . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  how about we leave the past behind , eh ? 
   i think i left the impression of a creeper did you rub your hands when staring at her breasts while murmuring : `` da , da , da ... '' ? 
  pshh , what would you chose man : super fast internet or the minor inconvenience of getting the water pumped up from the well with those porn strong arms ? 
  i find it acceptable , then . 
  however , not acceptable for endangered species . 
  no , killing for the fun of it is not the same as killing to eat . 
  let 's lose a shitload of money and go into uncertain future because other people are bitching on the internets !, 
  we did n't liked the euro anyway , right guys ? 
  dm for the win !, 
  what do you mean the german secret services set the scene up ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  do you have proof or this is just / r/conspiracy ? 
  you know the immigration issue must be solved quickly when germans are starting to get angry . 
  i know that there are just a few extremists right now but this right wing current is gaining traction everywhere in eu and it 's very worrying . 
  brussells , please address this issue and fucking do something . 
  sweden get your shit together .
