  but that was n't the case ~ 12 years ago when everybody started connecting with each other via cables all over the place . 
  you honestly expected for things to magically get better when it was discovered the huge debt to gdb ratio and economical issues which were pushed under the rug for so many years ? 
  of course it got worse . 
   if greece chooses not to comply , it will have no one but itself to blame . 
  yes . 
  yes, 
  they are hoping that you 'll run out of jet fuel, 
  i am not a smart person, 
  so this is actually prison , not jail, 
  welcome to the europe toughest competition : balkan corruption special olympics . 
  lol , i thought it was a misspelled family guy reference . 
  you should check out also the fate of another dictator before ceausescu : antonescu . 
  yep , you got it : firing squad . 
  there was a constant increase in both minimum and average salaries . 
  although not as fast as the average romanian wants , but at least it 's going up . 
  trust me , our politicians are n't economic masterminds to keep the salaries low when they can benefit from the popularity given by the minimum wage increases . 
  mostly due to low infrastructure requirements . 
  meaning that cables are easy to install since they hang all over the place on utilities poles . 
  i think the _ bg gave him away, 
  yes , but you should compare the greeks with the east europeans as we have similar culture . 
  and , while they were spared by communism , we , the rest , know all too well what state run companies are . 
  unproductive monsters . 
  or something like that, 
  listen , it does n't mean that the discrimination levels are the same . 
  what was done to the jews in wwii was too terrible to be compared with something in today 's terms , especially for a twitter hashtag idiocy . 
  but the analogy for boycotting products from certain people stands . 
  believe a person who lived through communism : government run enterprises are shit . 
  companies will do much better because they have a very powerful motivator : money . 
  off course , the government must privatize these assets with tough rules so that the company would n't just turn them into disney parks . 
  it shows that the discrimination against german products now is the same as discrimination against jewish products back then . 
  what is the matter with all the butt-hurts ? 
  this is a good joke and , even more good , analogy . 
  relax , it 's just 2 km . 
  what do you mean , 3 km ? 
  no , russia does n't need these 4 km . 
  yes , 5 km is a very small distance in siberia ... 
  they can handle their borders but they are legally bound to help anybody in distress so the refugees are taking advantage of that . 
  indeed i have, 
   what is happening to greece is punitive , moralistic , and ideological , here 's what puzzles me : why did the greek government agreed with these `` humiliations '' . 
  a week ago they were screaming that they wo n't be humiliated . 
  i tell you what i think : they found out the cold hard truth : without money they 'll sink and reach rock bottom . 
  faced with that , they left their populist rhetoric and agreed to whatever they 'll give them more money . 
  anyway , i do n't think anybody is trying to punish anybody , but just want their money back . 
  simple as that . 
  all i am saying is that people are now switching the rhetoric around 180 degrees . 
  yesterday the greeks were the lazy corrupts of eu and today they are the humiliated hard-working eu citizens raped by the nazis . 
  both views are wrong , so stop the bullshit . 
   i was on 2 hours sleep every day for five months i stopped reading right there . 
  i am in no mood for sentimental exaggerations . 
   have endured much hardship without seeing any progress please , do n't victimize the greeks that much . 
  every time you 'll hear sirens on your street , you 'll wonder if they are coming to get you . 
  this thought makes me feel better . 
   you evade taxes this way i hate people like you . 
  but maybe you are just a rebellious kid who tries to be troll . 
  in that case , there is still hope for you to reach adulthood . 
   i really dont care who runs the country  you should do everything in your power tho make money and acquire wealth these two things are contradicting . 
  if you want wealth , you should care who runs the country . 
  what if the communists come to power and nationalize the shit of your acquired wealth ? 
  in related news : two new prisons are scheduled to be build in romania . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i mean , if you think about it , it 's useless even to live so why not just stop everything and just die , right ? 
  the road ahead will be a bumpy one . 
  but things will get better , neighbor . 
   10-15 years whoa , calm there !, 
  it took us 25 years just to reach the phase of `` not so much corruption but still a whole lot of corruption '' . 
  but , at least , things are looking up for us . 
  they need money to not go poor . 
  already poor countries should just work harder !, 
  not the socialism again !, 
  `` please pay your debt '' `` no . '', 
  `` please pay your debt '' `` no . '', 
  `` please pay your debt '' `` why are you humiliating me ? '', 
  do n't worry , they came for the free coffee and snacks , 
  as a romanian working for a german corporation here : thanks and send more pls . 
  it 's ok . 
  us romanians like the germans very much . 
  electing an ethnic german for president shows it . 
  now give us money , pls, 
  greece brought this to themselves . 
  it is the de facto leader . 
  romania paid their entire debts in 9 very painful years . 
  so no deficit then as all surplus was given to imf . 
  how can you estimate such a large crowd from within ? 
  stop apologizing , finland did n't create this mess . 
  i think it 's euro countries, 
  awwww , snap !, 
  there is an emergency procedure that allows only 85 % votes for the bailout to happen and not the unanimity . 
  i feel that the only good thing the communists did was the complete separation of religion from the government . 
  this is sad ... 
  we do give a shit . 
  hate speach will not help , however , but make things worse . 
  i am afraid to ask what the nordic countries think of the eastern countries, 
  i do n't understand your sarcasm . 
  i really like how in europe things are . 
  sure it can be better , especially in romania , but we are n't starving , got good internet , we 're not afraid for being beheaded , crime is mostly reduced to petty thefts and loud neighbors at the most , etc. 
  so yeah , it is another great day in europe . 
  hmmm , i thought merci meant `` thank you '' . 
  does it mean also `` please '' ? 
   now if only they applied this to their financial policies first . . ca n't argue with that ... 
  sure , let me just get of my horse drawn carriage .
