  yes you can define it as a mixed model , and i said that there are still state owned enterprises ( as also seen in usa which can be hardly called a mixed economy ) but the overall economic style is more capitalist than socialism . 
  so socialism , as an economic model with the whole means of production controlled and owned by the state , is not implemented in any of the eu countries . 
  there is no socialism in eu . 
  i guess for the layman in the usa socialism means the social scheme mostly seen in the nordic countries ( but found everywhere in the eu in some extent ) with emphasis for social protection , high taxes , universal healthcare and education , etc. 
  socialism , as an economic system , in europe , means the east side of the iron curtain before 1990s . 
  there you had the government controlling the means of production ( all factories were state owned ) . 
  this is not the case anymore now : we are mostly capitalists now , especially in the west . 
  in the east there are still plenty of state owned enterprises but not enough to be called a socialist state . 
  so , to clarify : in eu the economic model is the capitalist one , not the socialist one . 
  i have no doubt that i may be viewed as inferior by some racists , / u/jewcunt . 
  but , you have eluded my question . 
  do you have a source on your claims that we are viewed worse than muslims ? 
  or did you pulled it out of your ass ? 
   romanians are worse than muslims yeah i do n't think they view as like that at all . 
  do you have a source for your claims ? 
  i know plenty of people that work in spain and are quite happy there and they feel treated well . 
  maybe you confused roma with romanians ? 
  one group of people spend money there and help the communities economically . 
  the other group ... not so much . 
  yeah , i know there is more than money in life , but i find it strange that they want to deter the very people that made their life much more nicer there . 
  `` tourists go home , refugees welcome . '', 
  extreme leftism at its best . 
  what 's next ? 
  `` white males go home , non-white females welcome ? '', 
  yes you do . 
  otherwise you would n't use pejorative terms to us , eastern europeans and not constantly bitching that we embarrass you . 
  you 're a racist that sees others as racists . 
  but them being poorer would n't push them out of secularism and into islamism ? 
  please , we 're white so there is no racism . 
  check your privilege . 
   no borat , nobody cares . 
  when it comes to balkan drama , i really do not care who was there first . 
  why do you hate us man ? 
  especially children . 
  i feel no empathy to the adults that made a conscious gamble to risk their lives when leaving turkey . 
  but the children had no fault ... 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  it 's not human nature , it 's just nature . 
  a male will always try to impress/get the attention of a female . 
  what tunnels have to do with missles ? 
  germany : hamburg , muenchen have more expensive properties than berlin . 
  and i l 'm pretty sure we can find other examples if we actually try to inform ourselves . 
  edit : yep , italy too : milan is more expensive than rome . 
   i recognize romanians from half a kilometer away ... 
  true . 
  whenever i went in germany i had a sixth sense for picking up romanians . 
  usually not in a good way , unfortunately :(, 
  i have 4 shirts from them , bough them in netherlands from an outlet really cheap . 
  accordion music, 
   why is your potential gdp so low i do n't really know how it is calculated . 
  i think a big issue that we have is that a lot of people emigrated to western europe ( some for begging and they are economically irrelevant ) but a lot of qualified work force also . 
  although we have still plenty of unemployed people , there are infrastructure issues that prevent them to commute easily like in the west . 
  in my view , we must deal hastily with infrastructure : highways especially , in order to increase the overall economic potential . 
  let 's not forget hexipharma , legendary company owned by a beautiful romanian . 
  but 5 years is a lot for a government !, 
  in us you change the government by electing a new president every 4 years . 
  so what ? 
  domestic or state owned businesses ca n't fail and fire people ? 
  it 's no use , some people are still nostalgic about communism and they rant all day long that the factories they work in are n't romanian instead of being grateful that we have a decent workplace with safety standards and reasonable wages . 
   dimwit billy boy  get a brain . 
  i will not debate with you anymore as your debate methods implies insulting others who disagree . 
   we 'll forever be behind others , never to exceed them ah , the classic defeatist ready for duty . 
   make-believe all you want , your paycheck & flashy percentages does n't mean jack uhmm , it actually means a lot . 
   not owned by our own/ourselves . 
  yeah , just take a look at the dacia car . 
  it was such a wonderful & successful car when we owned it and now the french have ruined it erhmagerd !, 
  please . 
  i do n't care who owns a factory : their interest is the same as mine : making money . 
  it depends on where you get the money . 
  if you consume based on debt , you can see that in the future you 'll have serious issues . 
  a more healthy growth would be one based on foreign investment and increased production & export value . 
  according to the article :  the economic growth is now driven by consumption but investments should take over as the economy 's growth engine in three years . 
  so let 's hope that happens . 
  internal consumption . 
  we 're spending like crazy due to optimism , reduced vat , reduced taxes , etc. 
  i think this is an important aspect when looking at this growth :  romania 's current economic growth is higher than the economy 's potential , which is calculated at 2.5-2 .6 % , said sergiu manea , bcr ceo . 
  the advance over potential is called bubble , he added . 
  thanks for doing this short ama . 
  are you also planning to emmigrate ? 
  where to ? 
  would it be dangerous for a romanian to visit transnistria ? 
  even a village in romania . 
  we are doing much better than those countries overall but this is seen mostly in the big cities . 
  but there are still a lot of villages and people , more or less , identical to the ones seen in this video . 
  we ca n't save everybody . 
  the world is a very fucked up place for many people : it is a reality we can not deny . 
  however , the human race , as all other animals , are driven by our will to survive . 
  we must help ourselves to survive first , then our family , then our neighbors . 
  we are in a boat and the storm is coming . 
  i do not want to take others in our boat and risk to topple the boat and everybody drowns . 
  they should build their own boats and we should help them do that . 
  but that 's the end of it . 
   we 've had uproar in the uk over 100.000 's more migrants yeah , the whole `` the romanians are coming and dey gunna toork errr jebs ! '', 
  you should be fine as long as you keep your usual smell of garlic . 
   transylvania is magical after the hurly-burly of ukraine : the roads are smooth , and the picturesque villages snuggled against the lush carpathian mountains are well-tended and clean . 
  it 's clear that more money has flowed into the region since european accession . 
  huh , i like this article . 
  i like it very much . 
  in his defense , at least he acknowledges that he might have been wrong , which is a good thing . 
  it 's hard to change your well established world view .
