nigel farage will become king and putin will be his queen i think he 's being sarcastic , but i 'm not sure ... 
  that 's not nice what you 're implying man , not nice at all . 
  you ca n't judge a person based on his nationality alone . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  i lived in germany for a while , and i was confused at first that on sunday you could n't go nowhere to shop , except gas stations . 
  but later on , i 've come to enjoy to be forced , at first , to spend a quiet sundays with my family in nature instead of going to the mall like we did most sundays back in romania . 
  but that 's just a personal opinion . 
  i 'm guessing that this mostly benefits the retail employees , though . 
   it 's estimated that an mep will personally make over # 1m ( 1.3 m euros ) during a single elected term . 
  `` since the 2009 elections , all meps receive a basic yearly salary of 38.5 % of a european court judge 's salary -- being around $ 84,000 '' you are not being downvoted because of your views , but because of your blatant lies and wild claims . 
  the solution , on the long term , would be to have a single , federal , country . 
  but , due to rise of euroscepticism , that 's far away . 
  right now we must ensure that eu is stable ( financially , economically and politically ) and move with baby steps to federalization . 
  you could also argue that the world is changing in the geopolitical sense , the tendency is for countries to group into clusters so they would have more leverage economically , financially , politically , military , researching , etc. 
  small and medium countries , like the ones making up the eu , would become irrelevant in the future at those aspects . 
  right now eu countries are strong because of inertia , but that is changing fast : economy is growing at a slower rate than of the rest of the world , diplomacy at individual countries level is weakening , military we 're relying too much on usa , etc. 
  with more power at the national level , it will be harder and harder for the eu to have a common voice , globally , and to react to threats quickly . 
  well , it 's hard to quantify the complex relationships inside the eu as there are a lot of variables and differences . 
  but i 'll tell you what : for me the eu is a huge success in the aspect that it managed to bring together all these countries which , not too long ago , were far from friendly with each other . 
  it 's way harder than it seems for people to come united than to be separated into little groups of people , ( my tribe vs. your tribe mentality ) . 
  so , do n't listen to the constant background of petty criticism , they are missing the bigger picture here . 
  well , well , well ... 
  i am downvoting you , not because you are not right in your argument , but because you are clearly a bigot for signaling the nationality of the person you are arguing with , which is irrelevant in the discussion . 
  the majority of people living there are innocent !, 
  man , you should write a book : `` propaganda for dummies '' or something like that . 
   crazies everywhere . 
  welcome to the balkans . 
  we prefer the term `` resourceful '' . 
  that charade is not a democracy . 
  que ? 
   what has romania ever done to help others ? 
  well at least we did n't make slave trade and genocide . 
  that should count for something . 
  we ca n't because we 're poor and those people do n't drown in the black sea . 
  but you can . 
  the title says donetsk . 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  if you 'd be on a sinking cruising ship in madagascar you would expect somebody to come and save you , right ? 
  event though you 've come there on `` your own risk '' . 
  or does a tourist life values more than a person fleeing from war , hunger or persecution ? 
  it 's not about supporting extra people . 
  it 's about saving lives . 
  this is very short-minded and offensive . 
  both have their flaws but to portray them as foul dictators ... disgusting . 
  you know you 've won at country when romanians want to steal your jobs . 
  next level would be when we want to take your unemployment benefits , so work hard : you 'll get there . 
  get off my lawn you dirty liberal !, 
  nice work !, 
  wow , it 's hard to find young people in the east europe so much interested in politics/community . 
  you 'll have a great feature ahead of you if you 'll continue on this path . 
  best of luck !, 
  oh yes , calling a prank stupid and offensive made by a non-white is equivalent with `` go get dem forks boyz '' . 
  the east european one was not off , there are a lot of people here who sees west europeans as degenerate godless creatures . 
  i remember there was a lot of fuss in romania with a girl studying in uk writing a letter entitled `` the west killed god '' or something like that and a lot of people going `` uuhhummm , so they had to trade their souls for their wealth !, 
  an european federation is what we need . 
  i am that kind of neighbor who makes the noise . 
  i have a toddler who is not very fond of keeping quiet . 
  i am sorry guys below me ... i truly am . 
  detective here : although i did n't knew what the acronym meant , i looked at the picture and saw the red hue in the eastern ( a.k.a. 
  best ) europe and immediately realized that this is another post about some imperialistic measured index which clearly disregards the amount of vampires per capita in their measurements . 
  no , no vampires here . 
  but send more silver for . . uhmm ... spoons !, 
  the problem of romania are not the `` ecofascists '' . 
  the problem is the corrupt leadership and the village idiots that keep on electing them for a kg of sugar . 
  take for example japan , a country with virtually no resources . 
  having resources does n't mean success or welfare of the people ( see russia ) . 
  i guess i missed the paycheck then :(, 
  i do n't know why the downvotes , but you are right , although the range is quite vague . 
  i like this . 
  learning languages . 
  thanks captain . 
  `` 3 countries oppose new sanctions [ agains russia ] , hungary , slovakia and cyprus . '', 
  you can tell that they are already picking the * best * side . 
  i have edited my original comment . 
  it was all over the `` credible '' news , not only tabloids . 
  off course you tend to judge a country after the behavior of citizens who reach the headlines ( we do n't really have an objective view from other countries , unless experiencing first hand ) . 
  another interesting headline from greece is the rise of right wings extremists . 
  from that , and putting all other news from greece together , i come to the conclusion that greece needs to relax a bit . 
  you can judge me all you can , but that 's my feeling . 
  well , i do n't see other countries burning germany flag ( in recent history ) . 
  so yeah ... 
  oh greece . 
  why you hate albanians ? 
  and macedonians . 
  and turks . 
  and germans . 
  relax a bit , will ya ? 
  edit : please do n't upvote my post as it does not contribute to the discussion . 
  was just an superficial opinion based on what the media feeds me . 
  no , moldavia will be next . 
  those old guys probably lost more calories trying to climb those stairs than the burger would have gave them . 
  i hope you 'll beat your cancer , man !, 
  stay strong . 
  an unicorn ? 
  what is this , 1276 ? 
  when in romania ... :p, 
  alternative way of life sounds like alternative medicine . 
  but it 's a sad thing to see very smart people joining the `` dark side '' . 
  for sure they do n't view it like this but are convinced that they are right since they know that they are smart . 
  i always wondered how can he give such amazing answers in / r/askscience and , at the same time , having radical and ultra-nationalistic views .
