  in the end , it does n't matter which ones were first . 
  the current situation is what it is and we should leave the grudges behind us . 
  this is from 2015 . 
  ukraine had looked down to us for quite some time and , generally , gave the impression that they see themselves as superior . 
  they are also paranoid that we 'll invade and take some land or something like that . 
  weird neighbors . 
  hungary is the nemesis of romania . 
  it 's a long story but to summarize : they feel that transylvania should have been theirs and we do not share that feeling . 
  it is . 
  but is it enough ? 
  i mean , everybody expects ukraine to just be magically fixed after their `` revolution '' . 
  i take , for example , romania . 
  we traveled a painful road since our revolution . 
  we replaced our dictator with more ex-commies . 
  it took us decades to reach an acceptable level to be granted accession in eu . 
  and , even so , lots of people say we were not ready . 
  and we did n't had a major headache with a region going rogue and a very hostile neighbor . 
  i think ukraine will have to endure tough times for many years to come until it is ready to reach even the poorest eu members level . 
  i think the truth lies in between . 
  yes , you should help others in need but you need to also see them improving . 
  meeting in the middle , you know ? 
  [ you are most welcome !, 
  motherfuckers , leave our precioussss alone !, 
  french millionaires , pls come to romania . 
  we will love you !, 
  for your ... erhm ... cuisine . 
  yeah !, 
  yeah !, 
  we role model now . 
  yeah , but it 's a scientifically proven fact < citation needed  that the more east you go the more ... weird people get . 
  just look at japan . 
  sorry , balkan must be involved everywhere . 
   what do albania and greece have in common ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aromanians i 'll now stop arguing with you . 
  you clearly ca n't accept that you might be wrong . 
   yes i know as a person who has been there and has had a bosnian girlfriend . 
  ermm , i live there . 
  also you seem silent about the wiki article . 
  i guess your knowledge is limited to your girlfriend and your experiences , not on facts . 
  lol , you sure sound like you know stuff about balkans . 
  let me assure you that there is a balkan culture . 
  i feel this cultural bond whenever i visit bulgaria , greece , etc. 
  for summer holidays . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans  the balkan peninsula and the balkans is a peninsula and a ** cultural area ** in southeast europe with different and disputed borders . 
   yeah the forceful removal of country leader around that part of the world has worked out well in the past . 
  ahem ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_ceau%c8%99escu#death, 
  germans can only count up . 
  do n't you know ? 
   turkey is a fucked up country with fucked up moral values neah , i do n't believe this . 
  turkey is much better than other countries . 
  yes , they have their share of retards , but what country does n't ? 
  turkey is closer to balkan , culturally , than to syria for example . 
  at least that 's what i think . 
  he 's not retarded , he just has an extra chromosome . 
   because i wear a suit oh , look at mr. moneypants right here !, 
  there is no stopping to the dna train . 
  [ laura ] ( http://psnews.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/s560x316_laura_kovesi.jpg ) , you the real mvp !, 
  you ca n't elect the pm . 
  i agree with all the rest . 
  who ? 
  wo n't somebody think of her feelings ?!, 
  i do n't think there are many refugees in ukraine . 
  potatoes, 
   i 'm from romania . 
  they do n't even know we exist great , now you just drew their attention . 
  try washing with soap . 
  we have shitty roads , you have shitty roads . 
  this is n't a race to the bottom . 
  both countries are improving and that 's more important right now . 
  we will get better together . 
  yeah , but are they gon na build a wall an make you pay for it ? 
  oh man , i love threads like these !, 
  he did n't end up there . 
  it was just an instagtam checkin typo . 
  tourist lives do not count more than natives . 
  but they hurt your economy ... people will avoid going to turkey even if the chances of dying are slim . 
  would you take your family to a location where stuff like that happens ? 
  sure . 
  polling teenagers is ... odd . 
  pshh , teenagers . 
  of course for them life is easy now . 
  they do n't need to care much as long as the internet is glorious and they have a roof on top of their heads and food paid for by their parents . 
  wait until they need to make a family of their own and start seeing what adulthood is all about . 
  not relevant ( enough ) to us . 
  turkey . 
  the only country ( relevant for us ) that i dislike even more for their foreign policy is russia . 
  it 's the top comment because it 's simple , funny and effective . 
  it 's such a strange news for anyone outside greece and maced . . ahemm . . fyr ... err ... that you just find it hard to believe . 
  i would have went , personally , with #justbalkanthings, 
  i think that he knows all too well the background based on his flair . 
   price is not a linear function of quality it is n't . 
  but in the case of levi 's vs no name brand , you do n't actually pay as much for the quality , but mostly for the brand and advertisement . 
  so , not for the item itself , but for that superbrand badge . 
  / u/stavorius comment :  who buys jeans at the supermarket ?!, 
  implied that it 's something wrong to buy clothes from the supermarket as opposed , to what i believe , to malls or brand stores . 
  and i think that the comment is stupid and condescending . 
  he misspelled mimo_shill, 
  everybody that 's not dumb enough to buy a levi 's for 15x the price but not 15x the quality . 
  check your tongue , peasant . 
  we are not in the '80s anymore to be the laughing stock of our neighbours .
