  the implementation , however ... 
  what the fuck man ? 
  people died ( most likely , muslims ) , show some respect . 
  and , btw , turks are our allies . 
  nooo !, 
  ok , who 's next on that list ? 
  britain , please colonize !, 
  [ ok . ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-g1ew1uhcf_q/vbirsbltlji/aaaaaaaafaq/q8mn17nkxms/w426-h237/nicholas-cage-reaction-awkward-no.gif ), 
  while i oppose the idea of building the mosque here , i do n't oppose it because it 's about islam . 
  i hate that the government is giving to a religion land !, 
  i do n't like it to give to orthodox , jews , muslims , etc. 
  anything . 
  call me crazy ( or a product of communism ) , but i think that religion should n't be funded by the taxpayer . 
  we need hospitals and schools not useless buildings . 
  i suggest to use google before making wild statements . 
  it ... it was a joke , herr german . 
  if you are curious about the opinion of romanians about other states : https://i.imgur.com/pm1igs3.png . 
  germany , please anschluss . 
  a lot of voices are also against the orthodox mega-cathedral being build in bucharest . 
  we just want to reduce the churches `` products '' , not give them free land . 
  seems about right . 
  greenland is quite big and the name might be appealing . 
  just ... do n't ask . 
  you think this is a motherf * cking joke ? 
  i do n't think he was being correct . 
  there is n't really a significant number of migrants in romania . 
  not even in transit . 
  but maybe the media is completely silent about this which i doubt . 
  then welcome to eastern europe my friend !, 
  i am sure your cultural needs are much more sophisticated . 
  europe has a culture of the social state . 
  the republican view of the minimal state is viewed as culturally illegitimate . 
  but maybe things will change around here although i hope not . 
  culture and sports need to be encouraged by the state when the nation is having problems with both of them . 
  this is my belief and i might be wrong and that 's ok . 
  it 's like you complain that the state pays for sports events or theaters you do n't like . 
  not everything is about you , citizen . 
  the only thing the communists did right . 
  i thought that religion should be something intimate . 
  but maybe i 'm talking crazy here, 
  if you are curious about the lineup at this festival : https://untoldfestival.com/ro/line-up/, 
  yep, 
  a guy has an unhealthy fondness for big sticks . 
  man , rioting is so nice this time of year in greece !, 
  finally !, 
  bring back the horses and the carriages !, 
  no , it 's more like in 2014 when the ukrainian homofascists viciously attacked the russian peaceful villagers in crimea and donbass . 
  these are all , either short lived consructs or failed states . 
  as an example : scandinavian states . 
  whay harm did they do ? 
  please give me an example of a successful socialist state . 
  i know on paper all looks nice , but the sad reality says otherwise . 
  this is the real-life implementation of socialism . 
  started as an utopia , ended as a nightmare . 
  it 's just not working , we should start finding new alternatives to the current government instead of looking again and again to failed ideologies . 
  you are just making things up , right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_republic_of_romania  marxist-leninist single-party * socialist * state, 
  no , socialism is a silly way to implement governance . 
  been there , done that . 
  no , thanks . 
   you 're just going to guzzle down whatever the media give to you to swallow no , i 'm just going to take my sources from internet strangers with tinfoil hats on their heads . 
  then i do n't know why we are arguing . 
  huge debt -  austerity -  things go worse . 
  but things did n't went worse because of the austerity , but because of step 1 : huge debt . 
  i said that the things were expected to go worse . 
  and 5 years is not enough to fix the issue greece has . 
   their issues were not hidden . 
  yes their were , please read the article . 
   do you think germany and france were n't gathering intelligence on greece 's financials while offering them to join the euro and borrow lots of money ? 
  yes , i think that . 
  i think that they trusted the greek government to not rig their books ( which they did , just read the wiki article ) . 
  i may be wrong about that , but you seem pretty confident that you know the absolute truth and everybody else is wrong . 
   but no one stopped them it 's because they hidden their issues : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#debt_levels_revealed_.282010.29, 
   mate why are you so mad ? 
  you said this :  this was discovered before the 6 years of austerity . 
  get your facts straight . 
  i have proven you wrong with a wiki article describing , with sources , when it was discovered the real deficit which was hidden ( in 2010 ) . 
  you then proceed to say this :  you are just re-enforcing my original argument . 
  it looks like you are a person that can not acknowledge that they are wrong no matter how much evidence i provide . 
  i 'm sorry , ca n't you read a fucking wikipedia article ? 
   in february 2010 , the new government of george papandreou ( elected in october 2009 ) admitted a flawed statistical procedure previously had existed , before the new government had been elected , and revised the 2009 deficit from a previously estimated 6 % -- 8 % to an alarming 12.7 % of gdp . 
  [ 66 ] in april 2010 , the reported 2009 deficit was further increased to 13.6 % , [ 67 ] and the final revised calculation , using eurostat 's standardized method , set it at 15.7 % of gdp ; the highest deficit for any eu country in 2009 . 
  our pm , colloquially dubbed as [ mickey mouse ] ( http://assets.vice.com/content-images/contentimage/no-slug/636a94d228f0a1f0063cc2c8feee7f0f.jpg ) . 
  no , you get your facts straight : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis  in late 2009 , fears developed about greece 's ability to meet its debt obligations , due to revelations that previous data on government debt levels and deficits had been misreported by the greek government, 
   to blame them for over borrowing is insane . 
  no , it 's not insane . 
  yes , everybody borrows at some point . 
  but you should pay back also . 
  and most of the countries pay it back . 
  i think that the penalties are in place . 
  the implementation , however ... 
  in romania it was the same not so long ago , until the tax agency finally released the hounds on tax evasion companies . 
  also , recently , a receipt lottery was established and a lot of people ask for their receipts now . 
   to allow foreign corporations to more ably suck the life out of greek society . 
  i hear you . 
  i propose to nationalize everything and install communism . 
  i mean , it was so much better for the other european countries which had it !, 
  here in romania , i am so sad that renault made dacia a successful modern car brand which was left in ruins by the romanian state :(, 
  but then you 'll have to spend a lot of money on people which are not producing anything . 
  a lot of cities are starting to do this , yes .
