  on one hand we have the eurobarometer which says that the current refugee/immigration issue is the biggest concern of europeans based on polls . 
  on the other hand we have your opinion . 
  which shall we believe ? 
  russia is geting more soviet style as each day passes ... 
  are you , by any chance , hearing voices and noone is there , though ? 
  greece actually has a pretty good army . 
  what a brutal way to die ... i can imagine it was also mostly darkness as well , only ocasional light from phones . 
  no room to even struggle ... parents living long enough to see and feel their children die in agony . 
  fuck.that.shit !, 
  eu must do something to stop this from ever happening !, 
  i was for a long time a strong supporter of anti-refugees and anti-immigration , even got my self banned by that dubious french mod , but i 'm changing my mind lately . 
  from priosn ? 
  we should unite and create bullmania . 
  that would freak the spanish nicely . 
  we 'll take that one also . 
  we need people making those kebabs and fliping those burgers . 
  you can keep the terrorists though . 
  you 're just gelly that cyprus is in eu while turkey is not , admit it . 
  bulgarians as well ? 
  here the media states that most likely romanians were involved ( hungary and austria already arested ~ 17 romanians for traficking refugees ), 
  yeah , like conchita wurst ... 
  this makes sense . 
  thank you for your explanation , i have changed my mind . 
  based on this , i can not have an opinion on anybody as i did n't walk in their shoes . 
  well , i do have opinions though and they might as well be completely wrong but i wait for counter-arguments , not shitposting . 
  they should be arrested and their children be taken away from them . 
  but that 's a different story ... 
  even romania , why not ? 
  as long as we get support for running such a big camp from eu, 
  you mean hungary ? 
  or greece ? 
  no , that 's dumb . 
  they were already in a safe country . 
  they should have thought about it and not rushed their kids in a refrigerator truck . 
  maybe those pesky reptilian overlords did it !, 
  what the hell , parents ? 
  also i do n't understand how you could place your kid in a fucking refrigerator truck crowded with tens of other people . 
  upper middle class can aford it . 
  we also have milions working abroad so they can afford it also . 
  i do n't like this new wave of muliculturalism much but one thing i just ca n't stand : children should n't sleep on concrete or in the fields with nothing but a blanket . 
  they did n't have a choice in this so they should be helped first and foremost with proper accomodations and food . 
  we do n't have much mafia here ( not that we know of , though ) . 
  but we do have a lot of freelance criminals that want to get rich quick to buy that nice bmw so the entire village will envy him . 
  most of these opportunists assholes are the culprits , imho . 
  yet ... 
  who are you arguing with ? 
  and why here ? 
  fun fact : people are already making up correlations and conspiracy theories : it was in austria , austria is similar to australia , australia loves eurovision , sweden won this year with the song heroes . 
  heroes for murdering innocents , maybe !, 
  those nasty swedes , i knew it !, 
  ermmm ... eastern europe is not wild west , you know ? 
  we have the rule of law here more than you 'd think for serious crimes ( less for petty thefts and corruption ) . 
  build fortress europe . 
  establish a big refugee camp enough that the living conditions are ok . 
  destroy isis and kindly ask the refugees to go back and restart their countries and their lives . 
  it makes perfectly sense . 
  they ca n't say no as they left from there . 
  also turkey allows all refugees so why it does n't make sense ? 
  no , have n't you payed attention ? 
  bring them back to the shores they left . 
  yes . 
  why not stay in stable country like turkey ? 
  why not apply for assylum in europe legally ? 
  ok , then save them all , and bring them back to the beach they left . 
  true , they do n't . 
  but they 're the parent 's responsibility , not some far away state 's . 
  i agree that we should save the children , yes . 
  but we should , at least , prosecute their parents for being irresponsbile . 
  do n't they choose , though , to go on a fucking sea trip in an overcrowded rubber boat endangering their children ? 
  ok , you save them but this gives the signal to more to do the stupid thing and risk their lives and their famillies . 
  action seems to lead to more lost lives than inaction . 
  things changed . 
  therefore our ways of thinking must also adapt accordingly . 
  you could try , yes . 
  everybody strives for better . 
  but do n't get mad if you are rejected . 
  and do n't feel entitled to the richness you did nothing for . 
  when he 'll be old , his grandchildren will roll their eyes hearing his story for the 20th time, 
  yes , there is . 
  i would have went to syria 10 years ago . 
  not anymore , not anymore ... 
  do n't be . 
  assholes are everywhere . 
  it 's the big picture that counts . 
  it does n't look like it , though . 
  this post is not downvoted and top comments are not extremist views . 
  where is that happening ? 
  top posts are not in ay way extremists views . 
  god i 'm so sick of this brigading calling for people that express different views . 
  do n't you know ? 
  if you disagree with them you are just hitler brigaiding . 
  could this be related to the other news where 3 greeks criminals were caught stealing from immigrants disguised as coast guard ? 
  i stand corrected , thanks for the info . 
  this guy gets it . 
  rich counties are getting richer while the poor ones are stagnating . 
  i guess it will be a ripple effect but it will take some time and , eventually , they will grow also when good infrastructure reaches them . 
  see this county map with contributions to the state budget in millions lei : http://media.rtv.net/image/201405/w620/harta_romaniei_venituri_buget_2013_20317800.png, 
  your post is still shit today as it was then . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  united states of europe .
