  things are changing , though . 
   all they get is a slap on the wrist . 
  so it 's romania 's fault ? 
  they help , yes . 
  unfortunately , we have the lowest eu funds absorption rate . 
  also a lot of those absorbed money goes to really idiotic projects , like touristic information centers in villages that have not a single hotel or pension or even something remotely touristy in them . 
  i do n't know what are you arguing here . 
  you said that everybody hated him . 
  i implied that there are people which do not hate him , like people watching antena 3 or rtv . 
  eh , we 'll get there eventually . 
  the thing is : corruption goes hand in hand with poverty . 
  and poverty goes hand in hand with corruption . 
  it 's a very hard cycle to break , but we 're starting it , at least . 
  that 's why , even eu has its shortcomings , i consider that eu was a blessing for romania : they forced us to have independent justice and anti corruption agency in order to get inside . 
  some people say dragnea is , the current president of the biggest party , psd . 
  but , usually , the thing with puppet masters is that they are lurking in shadows so we do n't know for sure . 
  they were . 
  but that was after johannis was elected president and was a general euphoria . 
  in the political debate preceding the president 's election both shouted that their party would remove the immunity for the ongoing requests so they 'll gain votes . 
  after the election , they did indeed ( their parties ) . 
  after some time , things cooled down and the rats are back to their usually business . 
  you clearly do n't watch antena 3 . 
  lol , no . 
  those rats in the parliament are protecting each other . 
  he , himself , was the puppet man . 
  now another puppet will take his place . 
   yesterday 's protests gave the opposition forces within the party the power to bring him down . 
  do n't be naive man . 
  they always had that power . 
  ponta is the puppet held in that position just for cases like these . 
  the people wanted somebody 's head and they used his , hoping that the people would be satisfied with the politician 's gift to them . 
  remember alexandru lapusneanu . 
  neah . 
  europe has no strict geographic definition . 
  as you can see on the map , it 's not even a continent , in the strict sense of the word . 
   blood unit , a measurement in blood transfusion equal to one pint or 450 ml http://ctsbucuresti.ro/tipuri_donari.html, 
  stay in school , kid . 
  * wine, 
   we do n't care about climate change . 
  well , there 's your problem . 
   you would rather see a blackout for half of your country to protect progressive values you believe in . 
  first of all , stop being passive-aggressive . 
  it 's not going to help anyone . 
  next , stop the dramatization . 
  poland had plenty of time to reform its energy sector . 
  it 's not like these changes would have happened overnight with a killswitch . 
   law and justice has promised to protect poland 's coal industry , which employs 100,000 people and supplies over 85 percent of its electricity . 
  9th of all : poland protects `` der jerbs '' for an inefficient and polluting industry because votes of those 100k and their families matter more than health and progress . 
   does n't matter . 
  oh , but it does matter . 
  if serbia is a safe country and they cross the border illegally , they are not refugees , they 're ** illegal immigrants ** . 
  what fence ? 
  it 's totally not a fence . 
  it 's just a temporarily delicate physical barrier that acts as a guidance device for people to use designated crossing points . 
  ok , now i get it . 
  you had nothing to say or add any value to the discussion . 
  you just wanted people to know that you exist . 
  noted , carry on . 
  meh , if you take parts of something you 'll always get ridiculous amount of ... everything . 
  part of norway is poorer than somalia !, 
  it 's about a street intersection where 2 homeless guys live . 
  guns do n't kill people , people kill people . 
  i know it sounds like a clisee but it 's true . 
   because not having an opinion is still an opinion . 
  a `` no opinion '' can be expressed by not expressing it explicitly . 
  so why bother commenting ? 
  what did you * really * wanted to say ? 
  so why did you bothered to comment ? 
  well greeks have an unique culture with their own language family and alphabet , rich history , etc. 
  so they feel that they do n't belong with the rest of us plebs . 
  but balkans is what it is . 
  a peninsula . 
  and their part of it , whether they like it or not . 
   the balkan peninsula , popularly referred to as the balkans , is a geographical region of southeast europe . 
  balkans is a peninsula first and foremost . 
  now you know a little more so listen to us . 
  we know better . 
   i would be completely ostracized and unable to find work in the foreseeable future if i went public with the fact that i want fewer migrants and not more . 
  wow . 
  here in romania ( and i guess all eastern europe ) the social media is pretty much without consequence . 
  i 've seen on my fb page tons of different opinions from my friends ( even extreme/inappropriate/indecent ) but no one fears the consequences of what they say ( not legally nor socially ) . 
  it 's like on social media the west has become the communist east with dissident repressing . 
  you see these are all subjective preferences . 
  given a choice i would prefer the uneventful peaceful village over a crowded urban space . 
  but i know that some people prefer the other way around . 
  i also prefer the color green over the other colors , but i do n't comment with `` that car is just red '' as it is something wrong it it . 
   i did n't read the article ok , then please stop right there . 
   not just a village what do you mean by that ? 
  is there something wrong with villages ? 
  i still want to live there . 
  doing nothing , being safe and breathing fresh air . 
  is [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/780+64+lima,+schweden/@60.9313074,13.3587851,3a,75y,29.14h,89.25t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s_mmjqqzukbqqzqempx2ukw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo2.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d_mmjqqzukbqqzqempx2ukw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d344.75989%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656!4m2!3m1!1s0x4668398338e7a6ed:0xa034509521107f0 ) the place ? 
  can sweden please send me there , instead ? 
  like right now . 
  the refugees can come in my place in urban romania . 
  yeah , asylum/refugee is not the same thing as freedom of movement . 
  you ca n't just go wherever you please . 
  they should have asked also for `` people who masturbate '' . 
  i guess you 'll still find a good chunk of ultra-conservative religious folk . 
  then why are there borders ?
