  they were all doctors fighting over which cure for cancer is more plausible to be reached in the upcoming years . 
  or maybe they were all software engineers fighting which iso standard for c is better : c11 or c99 . 
  relax there neighbor . 
  i understand why you 're upset about it , with all the bombings and stuff , but you kind of asked for it . 
  neah man , we like 'em . 
  sure there are putinbots , shills and nostalgic communists but overall we like 'em more than the alternative . 
  from here : http://www.last.fm/group/martial+industrial/forum/18048/_/644394, 
  i would n't say hatred . 
  we 're just dumbfounded . 
  as a romanian , eu + nato was the best things that ever happened to our country . 
  sure it is . 
  from what i understood from the internet , triarii is an anti-fascist martial industrial band . 
  so the swastikas in their lyrics does n't have a positive vibe . 
  anyway , now i learned about martial industrial music genre so that 's enough internet for me today . 
  if usa goes isolationist , that power vacuum will have to be filled . 
  i would like it to be filled by japan and germany rather than other countries . 
  what could go wrong , right ? 
  < sweating  ** right ? 
  it surely seems so . 
  but i do n't think it 's a * complete * waste of time . 
  it is . 
  you can combat anything if the arguments are good enough . 
  you can state that people * feel * that blacks commit more crime because that and that and that ... not all decisions are based on reason , even so in politics ( as seen countless of times through history - and today ) . 
  all feelings are valid , shouting words at people that have these negative feelings will only make them more negative . 
  stating that one 's opinion is inherently dumb will only make things worse . 
  this is why liberals are so dumbfounded by the recent political choices of the majority - they refuse the acknowledge human nature and expect everyone to think and feel the same way as they do while all the time they spend is in their own social circles : an echo chamber of their own opinions . 
  i hope this election is a reality call for everyone . 
  but i do want to increase the military spending . 
  that might be also the case . 
  so all adults spend their lives worrying ? 
  because you 're not changing their opinions , but just put them on defensive and entrenching their opinions . 
  fight ideas , not people . 
  orange is the new white . 
  i have the same feeling friend . 
  things are changing , and not in a good way . 
  - populists and extremists rising in europe - trump - brexit - turkey - ukraine - russia 's increased aggressiveness - climate change - refugees , illegal immigrants - bad demographics and the list go on with things we 're not concerned yet but will have severe influence in the future : anti-vaxxers , antibiotics resistance , philippines turning away from usa and moving towards china , etc. 
  however , i have faith we 'll overcome all of these . 
  we must get our shit together and start moving for a stronger , united europe . 
  * finish *, 
  canadians were not required a visa to enter the whole eu , including romania . 
  but romanians were required to have one . 
  that 's not something if a feeling , but an injustice . 
  i hope eu will go through with their threats to cut off the visa free for canadians . 
  anyway , the demand ( and also injustice ) we had was easily to be fixed by the canadians . 
  the walloons had a different agenda with no connection to canada . 
   why should the uk hear that ? 
  they will soon also have to negotiate a trade deal with the eu after they exit eu . 
  eh , the deal looks to be dead . 
  we celebrated prematurely . 
  there goes our visa deal :( anyway , this creates an unsettling precedent . 
  if every little ( in the grand scheme of things ) country/region can veto such deals , it will be hard to imagine that we can do similar deals in the future . 
  hear that uk ? 
  i do n't know about other places ( i guess it 's roughly the same ) , but in romania is pretty safe . 
  we could n't care less , trudeau . 
  we just got ourselves a plot , gentlemen . 
  yeah , but you assume that there is another country in the eu that will take uk 's place at being a debbie downer . 
  which one do you have in mind ? 
  what do you mean by 26 ? 
  yeah , been there already . 
  when we were dirt poor ( '80s ) our neighbors made fun of us and belittle us . 
  now , when we are finally improving at a faster pace , everybody demands of us to keep it low profile because it 's indecent to brag . 
  please . 
  maybe the owner of these photos does n't want you to download them . 
  have you ever considered this outrageous thought ? 
  i do n't have to cater to your sensibilities . 
  we should n't acknowledge our achievements , because others might feel butthurt ? 
  fuck that . 
  we need to remove our defeatist mindset by constant complaining and , yes , start showing off our progress . 
  yeah , that was the moment when she just the decision to rat the photographer to the kgb for being a western spy . 
  or she was just annoyed at him for some reason . 
  my favorites : http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/dyskoteka-w-bukareszcie-1979-2 ( funky party ! ), 
  http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/wegierscy-emeryci-1988 ( funky cat ! ), 
   mind that poles , romanians and other lucky enough to be in the eu will tell a different story , because they are , unlike ukrainians , live in a much wealthier countries than during the communism era . 
  whenever i see shitty things happening in romania , i remember that we 're still better of than you guys or moldova . 
  we improved significantly since the fall of communism ( although there is still plenty , plenty of things to improve around here ) . 
  from the poorest country among our neighbors to starting to catch up with hungary ( our richest neighbor ) . 
  we already surpassed croatia as gdp per capita ppp and that says a lot !, 
   butter and sausages wow , look at this bourgeois . 
  oh , you nitpicker , you . 
  there was joy of course . 
  i only lived pre-school years in communism so my view is pretty skewed , but i remember being very happy during those times . 
  we lived in a crap neighborhood in a coal mining small city , so you can imagine that life was pretty hard for my parents . 
  but for me ... it was nice . 
  my fondest memories are with bread . 
  we had a bakery near our communist bloc and i always begged for bread and people there would always give me ( and to other children like myself ) fresh baked bread . 
  my god , the smell ... 
  anyway , my parents and grandparents were also , mostly , happy and are somewhat nostalgic for those times . 
  but i think that most people being nostalgic for those times are , in fact , nostalgic for their youth . 
  you do n't need a blue sky when you have the warmth of the supreme leader guiding your soul , comrade . 
  uhmmm ... what ? 
  central europe has mostly a geographic meaning , while eastern europe has a more social/cultural/political meaning . 
  the east-west divide is n't just a leftover from the cold war era , but it 's still relevant to this day . 
  sure , it 's getting less and less , but relevant still . 
  any results ? 
  we need more deals like this and we need to . 
  also with north african countries , and fast . 
  looks like they chose a wrong guy to fuck with . 
  keep it up !, 
  we ca safely assume that this result represent the hungarian people . 
  and i 'll bet that this result will be reproduced everywhere in europe , especially in the east .
