  why do n't they all go back to turkey and fight there if they care so much ? 
  morons vs morons . 
  yes . 
  history . 
  lots of european countries have bad history . 
  uk included . 
  what are you implying with your comment ? 
  yeah , beacause nothing happens on sunday , right ? 
  haha , austria welcome to the unwanted countries club !, 
  seriously , though , what the hell is their problem ? 
  i am saving big money to go next year in holiday in austria and i can only dream to live someday in tirol . 
  meh , minor news . 
  yes , but if you refuse to register and be identified ? 
  that makes your passing illegal as , then , how do you prove that you are a refugee ? 
  only by being brown ? 
  ze haters . 
  ceausescu , reagan and gorbachov travel around the world with a hot air ballon . 
  suddenly , reagan says : `` this must be america ! '', 
  `` how do you know ? '', 
  `` well you see those big skyscrapers there ? 
  only america is advanced enough to have them '' . 
  they travel some more and then gorbachov shouts : `` this must be russia '' `` how do you know ? '', 
  `` you see those big nuclear silos and bunkers ? 
  plus , it 's freezing cold ! '', 
  they travel some more and then ceau\u0219escu shouts : `` this must be romania ! '', 
  `` how do you know ? '', 
  `` my watch and wallet are gone . '', 
  i do n't get it . 
  are you upset that more people diasagree with your view on this sub or what ? 
  you are not diverse enough . 
  i hope you did n't get in debt by drinking all that . 
  so i never heard about these ustase so i looked them up . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usta%c5%a1e  between 1929 and 1945 . 
  its members murdered hundreds of thousands of serbs , jews and roma ( gypsies ) yeah , go fuck yourself and your cretin ustase . 
   because trends build on themselves , migration patterns get established , and the more people come and stay , the more will expect to , want to , and try to follow them . 
  also this . 
  migration is snowballing , it 's not going to stay at a steady pace or even stop but it will exponentially grow as the word spreads out and the migrants here convince their families and friends to follow . 
  main correlation factor : money . 
   for example / u/trorollel [ 1 ] has the top most comment in the orband thread so ? 
   if you look at this comment history he has a lot of anti-migrants comments . 
   his account is only 16days old so ? 
  none of what you said makes his opinions void . 
  if he has a top comments this means that a lot of people agree with this opinion . 
  i guess you just do n't like it because it is n't an opinion you share . 
   bulgaria is inhabited exclusively by llamas ( with hats ) my kind of universe !, 
  jk , bulgarians , we cool, 
  more like tragi-comedy . 
  what are you , some kind of racist ? 
  you dare put the rule of law in front of these people that run from the opressive germans , austrians , hungarians , serbians , greeks ? 
  only santa cand bring them peace . 
  huh , til . 
  he 's right man . 
  we would n't had even those companies to work for if they had to pay us the same amount as they pay their engineers . 
  just so you know , i read all these comments as you two were shouting to each other . 
  what if the destination country rejects them ? 
  what do you do with all these unhappy people in your transit country ? 
  take a look at hungary : protests , passive-aggressiveness , media shows only how bad you treat them , disrupts traffic on motorways , on trains , etc. 
  maybe they 'll come . 
  but they wo n't stay . 
  lol , what a loser : following the rules and regulations of a foreign country !, 
  why not ? 
  all green and nice there . 
   does not seem like it affects me at all yet . 
  no , i did not meant that . 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  what a fucking cunt . 
  journalists should never interfere , just observe and give the viewers an objective report . 
   btw , britain is not europe , your flair is mistaken , neither british nor the rest of europe believes you belong to europe no , britain is in europe as much as any other european island ( sicily , malta , etc. ), 
  by all aspects ( culturally , economically , genetically , etc. 
   our moderation here should be more transparent and if not agreed with , it should at least be understood . 
  [ well put ] ( http://img-comment-fun.9cache.com/media/344a7f66143012202280153713_700wa_0.gif ), 
  yeah , no . 
  a lot of people got banned by him during the immigration megathread ( including myself ) for no particular reason . 
  afterwards , most of us were un-banned . 
  do n't downplay this if you have no idea what happened ( and still happens ) here . 
  it 's actually good proposal . 
  take in people that need it the most , e.g. 
  orphans who ca n't pay for trafickers , it 's way better than the current situation . 
  huh , i had no idea that thing happened . 
  til . 
  i envy those goats . 
  georgia does n't count , it 's not even a real country . 
  right ? 
  why ? 
  those are nice tractors . 
  no nice tractor in balkans :(, 
  really ?!, 
  well hungary , we have some bad news for you : prepare those 2 tanks boys , we 're going to kick some hun asses !, 
   minimum wage in lithuania is 325 eur so why do you brag about it ? 
  look at this richie rich right here !, 
  i do n't know what eastern europe has to do with this topic . 
  we are not even thinking of leaving the eu , it 's uk that wants that . 
  but it seems you have a grudge and just want to vent it here . 
  do n't you get it that no ( almost none , there are exceptions ) refugee wants to stay to our countries ? 
  this is n't because we are the devil incarnated but because we are n't rich like the west . 
  they do n't want us , we do n't want them ( or so it seems ) : win-win ( or lose-lose ? ) . 
  and the west profited big time from us being in eu , it was n't a one way street - just so you know . 
  are you color blind ? 
  yeah right , ex-yugo . 
  yes , but i said to not do that all the time .
