  also , i really loved d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  relax dude , we all know what it means : just some guys running and kicking a ball around . 
  it 's not rocket science and it 's not a big deal if it has two names for it . 
  we 've never been so serious since we told ceausescu he 's dead to us, 
  how are the housing prices doing ? 
  i 've been in greece in holiday and i fell in love with the country and i fantasize of buying a house there when i 'll afford it . 
   give yourselves a knife on the back it 's kind of inconvenient and error prone to try to stab yourself in the back . 
  not very efficient . 
  anyway , i think we should encourage greeks to rebuild , not to give up and despair . 
  that attitude is not helpful for anybody . 
  [ hey kids ] ( http://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/arqz7dy_700b.jpg ), 
  nice try , greek bank employee . 
  yes , please !, 
   he would like to pay less taxes instead of more uhmmm , do n't we all want that , though ? 
   unlike world wars i and ii , the destruction being wrought by germany is not military . 
  but it is just as poisonous and more insidious . 
  uhmm , what ? 
  you dare question the existence of our lord of darkness ? 
  it 's the northernmost part of africa . 
  why no refugees are coming to romania ? 
  i mean , we do n't have any war here and it 's quite safe . 
  is n't that what they 're running from ? 
  we also have seaside , mountains , low unemployment , fast internet . 
  what could be the reason that they are not coming here ? 
  in romania we have virtually no immigrants . 
  i wonder why ... hmm ... 
   just now paris , 30 july 2015 uhmmm ... you should check your calendar . 
  oh , stop it you !, 
  what about people which are not brigading and do not want this megathread ? 
  so far , the only argument for keeping this is to keep up the racist nazis from european or whatever . 
  but how do you quantify which are legitimate upset about this and how many are just brigading ? 
  this is becoming a disaster , a lot of honest critics of immigration will just move to / r/european and be overwhelmed by far right propaganda . 
  true, 
  i most certainly not question the imbecility of my government !, 
  i am very certain of it . 
  so ... who will then treat the patients ? 
  wow , voat looks exactly like reddit . 
  what 's the deal with it , though ? 
  it was a joke !, 
  see , that 's why nobody makes fun of you ... 
  also us . 
  i guess it 's normal since you would n't make fun of those `` special '' kids , would n't you ? 
  it 's just not nice , man . 
  citizen # 325456681 , a fine had been sent to your residence and it will arrive within 2-3 days . 
  please refrain in the future to criticize our glorious nation . 
  what about m10 ? 
  replace bosnia with balkans to spare everybody 's time . 
  yeah , nice try racist . 
  pshhh ... but that would be easy to fix : everbody on that side should just jump all toghether vigurously and it will flip right back . 
  you forgot us :(, 
  yes , because giving them something to work is not ok . 
  it 's not like europe forces anybody to work . 
  if the wages were higher , it would n't make sense to move the factory in bangladesh , therefore those bangladeshi would be unemployed and starving right now . 
  yes , but i heard that they are making progresses towards federalization . 
  also , the uk occupies a part of the island , are n't you angry about that also ? 
  even us will give it up !, 
  no offence , bulgaria, 
  keep up the good work turkey !, 
   direct connection with iran would be amazing no , no . 
  i like buffer turkey . 
  i sense that you are not happy about that . 
  forgive my ignorance , but what 's up with a\u011fri ? 
  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  i wo n't comment on the retarded thing , but how am i being racist ? 
  please , do tell . 
  `` truth '', 
  there are also few rational minds when that event occurs . 
  your point , being ? 
  not this specifically , but the entire status quo regarding the immigration topic . 
  2 rubles per hectare , probably . 
  hessen , you 're in deep trouble . 
  quick answer : too many . 
  in 5 years or so , when the extreme right will be elected pretty much everywhere , you 'll wonder if trying to hide the `` hot topic of immigration '' under the rug was such an good idea after all . 
  it 's a shame , actually . 
  the more you try to stop an internet discussion , the more attention it will get . 
  if you take it out of the context , maybe . 
  it 's win-win for the country that needs the worker and for the worker . 
  you are trying to hard to be edgy . 
  that we have my friend , that we have ... sooo ... would you like to give us some more money ? 
  yes , they were bought by gm . 
  but the models zaz makes were developed by daewoo which are nowadays chevrolet cars . 
  branded as zaz , 
  i am aware of that but we , romanians , would also be happy to stop the brain drain that is happening right now . 
  from the country leaves far more skilled workers than beggars and criminals . 
  if eu would have stopped this `` legal immigration '' , it would have meant that a lot of western business would have moved to eastern european countries for cheap labor and due to skilled workers shortage . 
  uk said the same stuff before about the polish and , in the end , they were happy to have them . 
  in the end , this is a about a free work market which regulates itself . 
  the hot topic now is the illegal immigrants which are not coming due to the work market demands and are a burden to the societies where they stop . 
  everybody is entitled to have an opinion . 
  one thing is different though : both countries are in eu and thus , you are not an immigrant if you work there as the work force is free within the eu . 
  if danish people want to get rid or romanians , they should just stop hiring them . 
  except debt forgiveness . 
  basically , free money . 
  if there is a need for them , then yes - i think they should be allowed in also . 
  although there must be some protection for them so that they do n't end up exploited like in qatar , for example . 
  refugees are n't allowed to have jobs . 
  yes , because here in romania a lot of community bonding is happening at church ( especially in rural areas which are also more traditional ) so it would be much easier to integrate . 
  also , the same holidays celebration , no food restrictions like pork , help them integrate . 
  ok , let 's discuss immigration , not just whether this is a good spot or not to do so . 
  i am against uncontrolled immigration .
