  now it 's the reality of their economy showing . 
  i 'm actually surprised that they are doing that well . 
  you are confusing budget with gdp . 
  15 years , lol . 
  no , we need much more than that . 
  we need also cultural and education changes - which takes much more time , not just gdp increase . 
  without those , we 'll soon reach a limit on how much we can grow economically . 
  eastern europe is still seen as where the iron courtain began , minus east germany . 
  it will still take some time for people to re-adjust . 
  also the alps, 
  dammit germany , stop being advanced !, 
  wait for the rest of us to catch up !, 
  how do you know this one is authentic ? 
  yeah , man . 
  we are beggars . 
  but we are also plumbers and engineers , farmers , doctors and factory laborers . 
  making money for you . 
  and , recently , it seems , trying to keep you safe . 
   he says the punishment is death  he says the punishment is death  he says the punishment is death is this the moderate muslim we 've been hearing of ? 
   it 's an action  the concept pick one . 
  i think you are the one that does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  intifada is an ideology , it 's a collection of ideas to achieve a goal : to liberate the palestinian land from the israelis . 
  please , stay in school . 
  i try to remember what 's important . 
  how to spell ridiculous ideologies is not important in my book . 
  they just find justifications for their foul actions wherever possible . 
  they are not inspired by paris , but the recent infitada , or whatever it 's called , from palestine & israel . 
  that 's the joke, 
  the ankara bombings were all over the news in western world . 
  also a lot of sympathy and outrage was expressed , including where i live . 
  the inevitable jew comment . 
  that 's not true . 
  what ? 
  to break that cycle takes more than putting the corrupts in jail , although that helps . 
  we need education , we need time to change mentalities , we need generations to pass . 
  hopefully , we 'll get there . 
  eventually . 
  we blow them again !, 
  wait , that did n't sounded right . 
  we obliterate them again !, 
  meh , we bend over to the nazis and the soviets . 
   will spoil an old compromise just because 130 people lost their lives tragically . 
  you just wrote that number like it 's nothing . 
  like 130 lives means shit in the face of your higher enlightened ideals . 
  i do n't understand how it is a moral issue to stop undocumented persons . 
  it 's the law !, 
  not only the passport . 
  they matched the fingerprints as well . 
  you got ta start from somewhere to eradicate terrorism . 
  and you start with the low hanging fruit . 
  in our case , stop the undocumented , unverified , illegal immigrant flow . 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  the police would stop everybody for checking their identities , obviously . 
  those who refuse get arested . 
  just like they do on borders . 
  even if they were 100 , not one , you would have still shouted that it 's just 0.1 % , blah blah . 
  it was one too many . 
  borders exist for a reason . 
  woah , let 's not go full retard . 
  `` hey jean , do you know how to distract da police while we get that diamond ? 
  we massacre 160 people man ! '', 
  `` geee , you must be a genius , pierre , let 's do this . '', 
  we expected to be enriched by multiculturalism . 
  neah , we should , instead , do nothing like this did n't happened . 
  / s measures must be taken . 
  this ca n't go on like this . 
   they were hungarians , with `` saxon '' ethnicity . 
  that 's just silly . 
  why are they speaking german and not hungarian ? 
  why do their architecture resemble saxon architecture and not hungarian ? 
  why did , most of them , chose to leave romania after the fall of communism and go to their home in germany and not in hungary ? 
  well , we did elect our president to be a saxon from sibiu , so it 's not actually a surprise that we held your kind in high regard . 
  they look suspicious from up close . 
   are you saying every wonderous thing comes from rich people i 'm not saying that . 
  the land in romania inhabited by hungarians is poor but also not wonderous , and by that i mean man made structures - not nature , which is nice there . 
   geza called in settlers from the western roman empire . 
  you can now call them saxons , but they have nothing to do with the people from saxony . 
   hungarian culture left its traces on your culture i did not deny that . 
  also the ottoman empire and the slavs shaped a lot of our identity . 
  i was just saying that the marks of these cultures , together with hungarian , are not wonderous , but just marks . 
  western roman empire , saxons , whatever they were called , they were not hungarians . 
  i 'm not saying that hungarians did n't contributed positively to romania , but calling their actions wonders is a bit too much . 
  our nicest cities are the ones which were inhabited by saxons . 
  however , this is a subjective view and , thus , can not represent the absolute truth . 
  i have visited most of romania and both romanian and hungarian cities pale in comparison with sibiu and brasov ( the city centers , at least ) . 
  neah , just saxons . 
  just saxons ... our poorest regions in transylvania are inhabited mostly by hungarians , so no wonders from them . 
  i do n't get it . 
  if that 's true , how are the germans expecting mandatory quotas to work ? 
  oh , refugees would love living in romania when they can just take the train to live with much more money in germany . 
  what are we , barbarians ? 
  you must be some kind of genius . 
  meth , not even once . 
  who is behind digi and rcs-rds ? 
  all i know is that he 's very reserved . 
  what credible information do you have on him ? 
  it 's more of a cultural thing here , like in most of the balkans . 
  you see , it 's a fair expectation , not a conspiracy theory , to believe that most politicians are corrupt because the national anti-corruption agency had 1138 convicted persons only in 2014 ( 1051 in 2013 ) . 
  that 's a lot !, 
  also we are living with day-to-day corruption everywhere : bribe the doctors so you 'll get fair treatment , bribe the office bureaucrat to not solve your case in the maximum possible time , bribe here , bribe there .
