  hate is a too exaggerated emotion in this case . 
  it 's not like what happens in greece will affect your life dramatically ( if it will have an affect at all ) . 
  dude , have a currywurst and a beer and relax . 
  no , that 's not ok at all . 
  these people flee with their children to have a better life . 
  there are innocent children why did n't chose to be on those boats . 
  i do n't know of a viable solution for this illegal immigration problem myself but one thing i know for sure : letting them die is not what europe should stand for . 
  you sound like you are correcting me , but i did n't said that they gained independence then . 
  we gained independence following the same events , neighbors !, 
  yes , all that 's missing are some david crosses framing hitler on a lgbt-themed background . 
  everybody knows that ukrainians are now homonazijews . 
  he is mostly viewed as being a hero . 
  but i 'm on the `` he was definetly a psycho '' side . 
   speared by whom ? 
  vlad the impaler ? 
  please , everybody knows that albania is a made up country . 
  next you 'll tell me that dwarves does not exist in the middle earth . 
  i 've tagged him to keep an eye on his posts . 
  he sounds like he has a hidden agenda . 
   200 $ the beggars put aside every month get from begging . 
  according to the article :  the romanians living in the streets of oslo , stockholm and copenhagen thus make in average some eur 690 per month but this is only for one person . 
  they have organized begging involving all their elderly and children . 
  because they are not . 
  if you can look closer you can see that in front of a lot of these ... villas ... are some copper thingies , they make these spirit distillation equipment which they sell on the road . 
  i highly doubt that this trade is that much profitable to help them build those huge houses . 
  i will let you explore this [ village ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@44.0119266,25.2235719,3a,75y,289.84h,82.77t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sz-hetyit8jgnnl_n2w16nw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ) . 
  it is located in one of the most poorest counties in romania . 
  all is raised with money from begging . 
  that 's the joke . 
  til . 
  that explains russia 's . ru , the sound of stomach rumble . 
  lame croatia , not being part of fifa 2016 . 
  what 's next , not being part of eurovision ? 
  huh , that 's a good question : why does switzerland have . ch for their domain ? 
  bashing your neighbors , but now in a friendly way . 
  then it 's even more surprising for me that you are suprised . 
  what is the average wage in serbia ? 
  what about average pension ? 
  in romania there are people that survive for less . 
  i guess you should pay more attention to what happens in eastern europe . 
  there are countries where 200 euros is quite a decent paycheck . 
  go deeper into africa or countries like bangladesh and you are richie rich with that kind of money . 
  the foreigners are stealing the romanian ancestral land !, 
  we were doing so much better during communism when everything was romanian but we were poor as fuck !, 
  well , no shit . 
  the psychological damage is done . 
  even though i know , rationally , that there is a very low risk of dying in turkey , i just ca n't get the thought of my head that i 'll blow up if i visit touristy places with lots of people in ankara , for example . 
  a few thousands kilometer is a lot though . 
  it 's about the age old debate of who were in the carpathian basin first : romanians or hungarians . 
  agreed !, 
  oh boy , here we go . 
  so ukraine just `` lost '' 3.6 million from donbass + 2.3 million from crimea = ~ 6 million . 
  now it stands , de facto , at ~ 38.5 million . 
  crazy when you think that at the 2001 census it had a population of 48.5 million . 
  shit , that 's a lot . 
  ukraine will have a long way to recover from this . 
  out of curiosity , how much population is in the occupied donbass region by the dpr and lpr ? 
  i can only see an estimate for dpr ( 2,682,357 ), 
   humans are a migrant specie . 
  they were , mostly . 
  yes we have still some nomadic tribes but not so much anymore . 
  human societies have evolved since the tribe . 
  and , if we go back to those times , do you happen to know what happened when a tribe migrated into another one 's territory ? 
  most of the time it was not a pleasant encounter . 
  nobody , apart from crazies , say that they should be shot/drowned , etc. 
  but you can do a faster , better process to send them back . 
  you can target smugglers , you can force shit countries like libya to take care of their borders , etc. 
  the process is flawed and they are taking advantage of this process . 
  do you think that they would do this journey if they were n't sure that they 'll , somehow , trick the system and settle here for good ? 
   but that does n't justify us turning away the ones who inevitably arrive . 
  but the people who arrive from africa are mostly not refugees . 
  why accept them ? 
   the question is what are we doing with them when they are here . 
  that 's a wrong question . 
  the real question is why we are letting them come here in the first place . 
  ca n't they be helped without letting them in ? 
  i do not hate anybody . 
  i 'm just egocentric . 
  i take care for the well-being of my family first and foremost . 
  but then i take care for the city , for the country and for this region called europe . 
  via elections , mostly , but also via interactions . 
  because i want my children to live in a safe , prosperous environment . 
  you can call me selfish , but that 's just who i am . 
  i do n't believe that we can help every poor soul in this planet because i 'm being realistic . 
  i am not hysterical , just concerned . 
  helping them is ok , but help them in their countries . 
  this immigration trend is dangerous and must be addressed before it gets worse . 
  just see the latest polls and elections . 
   what do you think is owed to you ? 
  the nation . 
  my parents , grandparents , grand-grandparents , etc. 
  fought for a better life in this nation for the sake of their children . 
  sure , it 's not a perfect nation , but it 's ours . 
  not wanting for others to come and collect the welfare ( as low as it is ) my ancestors build for me and the others in the nation is natural . 
  let 's assume i inherit a house ( the same goes for a nation ) . 
  sure , i did not work for it but my parents did it for me . 
  should i let others came in my house because i did n't earned it ? 
  i , on the other hand , pay taxes and try to improve the nation for my children well being and to leave them a house and a prosperous nation as well . 
  uhmmm , but not quite everything . 
  do n't say something about the refugees or the police will give you a visit .
