  variation of je suis charlie, 
  the same birth control options are for women also , why only for men ? 
  if both did n't used contraception , they should have equal rights and responsibilities . 
  i agree with op 's idea . 
  yeah , but the issue is the equality . 
  the woman is equally involved in the baby conception , but only she determines if she wants to keep it or not . 
  the father has no saying . 
   this is what i 'm afraid of . 
  the rise of the far right . 
  do n't worry - what could go wrong , right ? 
  on a more optimistic note , i do n't think that this `` far right rises once again '' will happen at a scale where we should be afraid of it . 
  i consider it to be a natural reaction against current leftist policies . 
  once the left will lose enough power to start appeasing the public ( especially regarding the immigration ) , the far right will be much less prominent . 
  not sure if being among the least desirable in eu is a good thing or a bad thing . 
  of course they 'll wait for you with a hawaiian necklace made of flowers and everybody will cheer that you have finally decided to illegally cross their border . 
  dacians also invented wireless . 
  adapted joke : after digging to a depth of 100 meters last year , german scientists found traces of copper wire dating back 1000 years and came to the conclusion that their ancestors already had a telephone network one thousand years ago . 
  not to be outdone in the weeks that followed , french scientists dug 200 meters and headlines in the french papers read : `` french scientists have found traces of 2000 year old optical fibers and have concluded that their ancestors already had advanced high-tech digital telephone 1000 years earlier than the germans . '', 
  one week later , the romanian newspapers reported the following : `` after digging as deep as 800 meters , romanian scientists have found absolutely nothing . '', 
  they have concluded that 3000 years ago , their ancestors were already using wireless technology . 
  well , we 've come here first with starship enterprise !, 
  me also . 
  first time i hear about armenians here . 
  it 's because we think outside the box . 
  yeah , that 's it ... 
  fucking amateurs , man ... 
  it 's because we 're too progressive for you :p, 
  so edgy, 
   simple maths  2037 2017 + 18 ( legal age when a person can buy cigarettes ) = 2035 . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  but moderates have always been less vocal than other groups . 
  anyway , you should be concerned as the moderates are getting fewer and fewer and it wo n't be long until extremism will get to power , eventually , if the current situation persists . 
  because uk does n't want them . 
  they should obey the rules just like the rest of us . 
  they are refugees and should be content with the security , food and shelter provided by france . 
  well , then . 
  just send them to our prisons and give us the money for it . 
  they 'll soon regret that `` warm '' house and `` food '' . 
  if it endangers road participants , should n't it be a crime ? 
  and i think it already is . 
  what you 've been told is totally correct . 
  if an eastern european country does it , of course . 
  so why not arrest them , then ? 
  if i 'm doing crap like that i 'll be going to jail . 
  the rules are not the same for everybody ? 
  it does though . 
  they can vote and influence opinions . 
  the sun is racist as well . 
  why does n't it give black people the sunburns it gives to me ?!? 
  fucking racist big ball of fire . 
  i 've seen that phrase used countless times without the sarcasm , maybe you should start visiting less rational subreddits/forums to see them also . 
  the rationale is that you ca n't be racist towards a privileged group ( or some crap like that ) . 
  this is n't / r/circlejerk or / r/unitedkingdom to have all those criteria met for a successful post . 
  this picture is fake . 
  the tank does n't have a romanian plate and there is no bowl filled with tomatoes as a warning sign . 
  the state should n't active search remote locations in a different country for drunks that crash into the trees . 
  so let me get this straight : if i 'm not thinking straight and travel the open sea with a small , unreliable and crowded boat , it 's actually the responsibility of some state hundreds of km away to rescue me ? 
  huh . 
  but i thought they just wanted security , not cash . 
  so being poor and unattractive does pays off !, 
  ok , so do like them . 
  like you do also in the middle east . 
  but dragging the ammo crates at the time the shell fell is realistic . 
  to keep dragging them afterwards would have been unrealistic . 
  but it is funny . 
  especially when you consider that uk is in eu but not quite in eu . 
  heh , missed that . 
  so it does surprises you . 
   romania has a risk of getting a stupid government that 's not a risk , that 's a fact . 
  the credit rating for romania is actually stable not negative as depicted in this infographic . 
  i have n't checked other numbers but this looks to be sloppy work so take it with a grain of salt . 
  wow , the difference between serbia and romania in 1990 was huge !, 
  it 's a joke . 
  some crazies believe that even though his execution was filmed . 
  it was a valid question , not a rhetorical one . 
   as ugly as a romanian well fuck you too serbia !, 
  i think he meant germany as a society . 
  also no romania ? 
  i feel sad now . 
  poverty and stupidity goes hand in hand . 
  poor people are notorious for making very bad long term decisions , it 's a proven fact . 
  that 's why those results are surprising . 
  yeah , we 're filthy rich ... 
  i really do n't get this mentality . 
  i lived in germany for one year and , previously , worked only for german companies ( i did n't looked for them explicitly but that was the work offer at that time ) . 
  i absolutely love that country and the whole western europe in general . 
  i side with germany in most of the topics , football , politics , economics , etc. 
  and you can call me a germanophile because i owe them my current financial status . 
  i do n't think the russians see it as unnecessary . 
  they have a plan . 
  nice try , shill . 
  yeah , bbc and the guardian being against immigrants ... 
  meh , that 's what they say , officially , because you ca n't be called a racist if you bash eastern europeans . 
  what they really target are the * others * . 
  order must be maintained !, 
  yes . 
  i think that , without that badly managed illegal immigration , things would have looked differently now . 
  i 'll take the `` call to authority '' fallacy as opposed to `` pulling facts out our asses '' fallacy anytime , if given the choice . 
   you cant complain of course you can complain . 
  it 's not that a decision you 've made gives always the outcome you 've expected .
