  people have favorite topics , what 's wrong with that ? 
  if they spread blatant lies or harass others with their own opinions continuously ... well , that 's another thing entirely . 
  man , stop over-judging things . 
  it was meant like this : https://www.englishclub.com/ref/esl/conversational_phrases/t/that_s_what_you_think__4396.htm, 
  stubborn dumbasses are n't born , but made . 
  if he was stubborn as a child , it was n't that he did n't get enough beating . 
  so , instead of focusing on correcting the effect , the parents should focus on correcting the cause . 
   this was the only solution neah , that 's what you think or what your parents told you . 
  there are always better solutions . 
  then how about raiding villages from africa , get the babies , leave some money and a thank you note , and give them a proper life here ? 
   we can decrease financing of education if we want cheap solution . 
  how about giving incentives ? 
  more paid vacation , more money per children , less tax , etc. 
  but why blame it all on europe ? 
  it was n't all rainbows and unicorns here in europe as well , you know . 
  the shit this continent has seen ... i know it 's hard to rise from poverty , but pointing fingers ai n't helping much . 
  sometimes it 's just better to forgive the past , learn from it and start building a better future . 
  but what about this crazy solution : make more babies ? 
  they should n't push us too far or we 'll go full ceausescu on them . 
  this is a much subtler invasion . 
  using nuclear force would be like punching your nuts with your fists whenever a mosquito lands there . 
  you are right . 
  i was mislead by early news ... 
  it 's good . 
  maybe he 's innocent and will be vindicated but that 's not the point . 
  it 's good that we can show that , now matter how high in the social hierarchy you are , justice can bring you down just like the rest of us . 
  the president has the possibility to suspend him if he 's accused . 
  i got a feeling he 'll use that right ... 
  update : the president klaus iohannis has asked the pm to resign . 
  oh man , this is gon na be good < grabs popcorn  !, 
   while i do n't understand a lot of the history in the balkans here 's a summary : hate your neighbor, 
  what ? 
  i do n't know where to even begin to reply to your dumb comment . 
  our competition is like the special olympics for countries . 
  how many romanians are bashing norway here ? 
  maybe you are mixing up belgian and romanian flags ? 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  oh the things we do in the name of tradition . 
  yes , that makes totally sense !, 
  unrelated : do you match your tin foil hat with your clothing ? 
  btw , the one which now deleted its post that claimed to report this to the mods had a republic of srpska flair . 
  easily to be mistaken for romania . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i think it was a nice editorialization which was meant to lighten the mood around here . 
   reported for an editorialised headline . 
  well done comrade . 
  those filthy liberals violating our glorious community needs to be censored immediately . 
  you shall be commended for your attitude at the next communist party congress . 
  nice try , hungary . 
  you are one of us , comrade , stop fooling yourself . 
  thanks , i knew something was wrong . 
  now it 's much better . 
  * very eastern european day \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yes . 
   place to bring them instead i heard that greenland is quite nice . 
  although the name might be a little misleading . 
  he seems to not be to happy with moldova in `` our '' continent , but there 's nothing it can be done about it . 
  moldova is in this continent , comrade . 
  we kind of suck at real life but we 'll be damned if we are n't gods in the virtual one . 
  well , i guess you should have learned by now . 
  repeating hundreds of times the same unpopular opinion is n't going to change others ' views . 
  instead you 'll look like a parrot . 
  singing imagine by john lennon . 
  the soviets did n't had the bomb until 1949 , plenty of time for the americans to drop a few and force them to surrender . 
  no wwiii . 
   you did n't like the `` fascist yoke '' under which your country saw it 's most successful military campaign in ages and under which you yourself enjoyed a dignifying life and career , the best anyone on earth could 've hoped for at the time ? 
  lol , what ? 
  in what parallel universe do you live that you believe that it was heaven on earth in romania under the fascist rule ? 
   again , why did people wait for the americans ? 
  it was russia they sided with and russia is what they got . 
  what was the problem ? 
  we did n't had an option , man . 
  it was either side with the russians or be raped heavily in the ass and then side with the russians . 
  yes , but it had its history tied up with renault even from its communist beginnings . 
  and now they are fully renault-owned and , without them , dacia would have , most likely , crumbled to dust as most of our state-owned enterprises did . 
   did people really expect america to be able to liberate all of europe ? 
  well ... yes !, 
  think about it , if they took on the soviets then , when they had the nuclear power while they did n't , there would n't had been no cold war and no lots of former warsaw pact countries suffering communist idiocy . 
  this will help : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vin_americanii !, 
  thanks france !, 
  for carrefour and dacia . 
  the amount of beggars we `` export '' is insignificant and , in general , they do not send money back here . 
  we do sent , however , a lot of qualified work force ( which is a lot more than the beggars ) . 
  they are the ones which send back money to their families here and helped us got through the economic crisis . 
  anyway , to answer your question , this growth is not fueled by our emigrants but mostly by increased consumption with bits of increased industry output and recent crackdown on fraud and corruption . 
  yes , please welcome to romania , we have ... uhmmm ... we can give you ... aaaa ... , you can just take these ... err ... on second though , here is a map to scandinavia . 
  best of luck !, 
  uhmmm ... is n't germany in central europe ? 
   far right europe what could go wrong , right ? 
  i think that us , eastern europeans are a little too much butthurt when negative aspects of our societies are presented . 
  we need to acknowledge and fix them , not taking the defensive positions each time with : `` yes , but we are not all like that , yes but `` ze communists fucked us good '' , yes but look we have this one guy who is extraordinary , etc. 
  yay , someone wants us !, 
  second place , but still ... 
   after the migrants had been transferred , a speedboat approached and its crew fired several shots into the air before the assailants sped away with the empty migrant boat , frontex said . 
  great , so the smugglers will make money once again from drowning more people in the next attempt while our border agency was deterred by a fucking speedboat . 
  if only good social services , decent health care , autobahns and volvos would be downloadable ... 
  nice work , neighbors !, 
  he was sent to prison , not jail . 
  i guess they would like to just cut the gordian knot , instead of years and years of sterile discussions . 
  guys , i think the chief prosecutor is the re-incarnation of vlad the impaler : `` romanian and bulgarian documents from 1481 onwards portray vlad as a hero , a true leader , who used harsh yet fair methods to reclaim the country from the corrupt and rich boyars '', 
   reality chooses my emotions , i do n't .
