  next stop : romania . 
  i think he 's talking about handjobs, 
  same here :(, 
  mountains and mines . 
  what are you people , dwarves ? 
  not that kind of mines ... 
  lol , ukraine . 
  i 'm sure they 'll love an aditional problem in their country . 
  maybe after ww1 . 
  after ww2 russia fucked us good . 
  neah man , we are n't small nor big . 
  not rich but not poor . 
  temperate climate , ok people , ok achievements . 
  basically , in the future , think of us as the most mediocre country you know . 
  make a fence around your house . 
  congratulations , your house is now auschwitz . 
  well it 's been already 20 years with peace around here !, 
  hey man , do n't bring romania in this discussion . 
  we try to keep a low profile to not get their attention . 
  the eu as a whole is in the wrong here . 
  no common refugee/migrants policy means that each country does as it finds fit and , mostly , try to pass the hot potato to each other until it reaches germany . 
   they ca n't handle them after like 2 days . 
  more like 20 hours , if i remember correctly . 
  everybody knows that you were the same country in the past : the ottoman empire . 
  `` no sample from me , nazi ! '', 
  `` k , rejected , next ! '', 
  do you speak for the whole of nato ? 
  it seems they want also . 
  i like you . 
  but should n't the exit sign be on the other side of the door ? 
  you must be confused . 
  right wing does n't equal or does not imply in any way extreme right wing . 
  no , it 's not with eu . 
  and to think eastern europe had hopes for poland to lead . 
  disapointment . 
  uhmmm ... what ? 
  we should stop associating a company with an entire country . 
  it 's a shame that bmw , daimler , etc. 
  should suffer for one 's mistake . 
  americans , british , french , japanese , etc. 
  try to bash germany 's reputation for this one company so that the consumer will view their reputation more favorably . 
  balkan sure loves religion . 
  why is n't moldova 's surname written in latin ? 
  if you really cared , you would have stayed and fought for what you believed . 
  eventually all empires fall . 
  who cares about your security , food and shelter you provide for them ? 
  do you give them hundreds of euros per month ? 
  well then , bye !, 
  prepare your inbox !, 
  is this a lying contest ? 
  maybe we can be best buddies !, 
  ... lol, 
  not that silly . 
  if you ban prostitution , you should ban also porn . 
  it 's sex for money only that it 's filmed . 
  if they go on croatia they should go on greece also . 
  it 's like a benny hill movie ... 
  this is what happens when you want to please the goat , the wolf and the cabbage all together . 
  you should pick a stance and stick to it . 
  i think this will fuel some more the already tensioned situation in the region . 
  eu is a major clusterfuck when it comes to crisis management . 
  no coordination , no dialog , everybody doing whatever they want , politicians being bufoons and throwing insults at eachother ... 
  shhhh , you do n't correct an american on geography or tourism . 
  he knows best . 
  this is really weird for me . 
  our states do not have intelligence agencies ? 
  counselors ? 
  are they just a bunch of morons ? 
  germany welcomes them all and in one week they put border controls and say they are overwhelmed croatia can not cope with the situation in less than a day when they said that they will make passage for everybody . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where are the competent people that can think ahead of more than one week ? 
  do n't be fooled man . 
  his interest will always come first . 
  he knows he 'll get extra points from the fence so he 's doing it . 
  do not give that man too much of a credit . 
  no problem , 
  they are the doctors and eastern europeans the beggars . 
  so nigel was right . 
  we really go there to `` tuk er jerbs '', 
  yeah but look at op 's chart . 
  do you see what the top countries have in common besides being poor ? 
  i do n't know either exactly what eurosceptic means but he stated clearly in his post that he would vote with the party that wants for romania to leave eu . 
  to summarise : not absorbing funds is romania 's problem . 
  the obvious solution would be for romania to stop being corrupt so the funds would be approved fast and not be rejected . 
  that 's unrealistic on short term and it 's not eu 's problem . 
  this is a logical issue : romania has a problem . 
  a different eu would have fixed romania 's problem . 
  he knows the solution would be a different eu but he does n't want it anymore because ... romania has a problem . 
  it does n't portray itself as a federal state . 
  maybe that would be the end goal , but it 's a very far away objective . 
  do n't pay too much attention . 
  i ca n't believe somebody gave gold for his ramblings . 
  you just said that you 'll vote with watever party that wants to get us out of eu !, 
  are you on drugs ? 
  but you do n't want the eu government anymore . 
  what 's your problem with income equality ? 
  stop being a communist man . 
  income is dictated by the market , not by some failed ideology . 
  how the fuck is eu 's fault that we were not able to absorb its funds ? 
  also , you forget to mention that those western construction companies hired local people and payed local taxes which helped us a lot .
