  heh , that may be true also !, 
  i do n't have a question but i wanted you to know that you are a very good journalist and story teller !, 
  well done !, 
  indeed . 
  bulgarians are clever neighbors . 
  wow , huge changes in just 1 month . 
  let 's see how will things be in one year . 
  i recall that a couple of months ago i said that the curent migration handling of the eu will , unfortunately in my opinion , cause a sharp rise of the far right and everyone snorted and called me crazy . 
  so we should censor `` sensitive '' news ? 
  refugees do n't have free accommodation ? 
  i guess they should be ok even with the minimum wage ( 194 euro ) , not the average wage as there are bulgarians that manage to live of that minimum wage in the rich region as well . 
   to be fair both sallary and prices varry greatly within the country therefore , the term `` average '' . 
  is this net or gross salary ? 
  fyi , average net salary in bulgaria = 356 euro . 
  average gross salary is 452 euro . 
  wow , beautiful places . 
  do i need a visa to visit them ? 
  or being in eu is enough ? 
  do n't be an asshole , man . 
  stabbers are people too !, 
  it 's easy for you too judge them when you had a life of priviledge !, 
  poor stabber was just confused :(, 
  disappointing , i hoped for a sir mix-a-lot tune when i read that title . 
  another example of inglish : immortal former president of romania , ion iliescu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anqzmr234-q, 
  bleah , so they feed them brocolli and healthy stuff ? 
  yeah , but at least you 've pleased the migrants that do n't give a shit about your country . 
  i was expecting for romania to own this thread , was not disappointed . 
  think of us as a maggot . 
  sure , it 's ugly now - but wait and see how the beautiful butterfly will emerge !, 
  i think this is just a backlash . 
  mainstream media shows only children and women and positive sob stories while mainly ignoring the negative aspects . 
  we do n't like that . 
  we 're sick of not also addressing the negative impact the mass immigration has on our societies . 
   the quota formula , or `` distribution key '' , is based 40-percent on receiving countries ' national income , 40-percent on population , 10-percent on the unemployment rate and 10-percent on how many refugees each country was already accommodating before this year 's crisis . 
  i 'm getting tired of this . 
   80 % asylum seekers to west and 20 % to east  ee member states have around 1/5 of total eu population . 
  the math checks out . 
  eastern europe ( part of eu ) has much less population than the western . 
  awesome !, 
  we are not scapegoats man . 
  the current politicians and media try to throw the blame but it 's not actually working as the manintream parties are losing votes as this crisis grows . 
  this means their citizens are not buying their one-sided stories anymore . 
  besides , look at the bright side : this crisis will bring the east more strongly together . 
  hopefully . 
   i 'm not sure what burden the east is having to bear though . 
  you must have missed the latest eu approval of forcefully redistributing the migrants . 
  in other words : the west invites them in but the east must take them also . 
   they 're brutish bigots yeah man , on our streets blood of the innocents flows continuously !, 
  our cops kill blacks !, 
  in our prisons we torture muslims !, 
  we spy on our allies and invade others for no particular reason other than money !, 
  please help us with good morals , oh glorious civilized westerner !, 
  lol . 
  bosnia and serbia . 
  sitting in a tree . 
  g e n o c. . . erhmmm not funny . 
  what about your stan petro-buddies ? 
  what about moldova ? 
  well you ca n't be un-shitty with all those beggars and criminals in your country . 
  keep them , we wo n't miss them . 
  i second this . 
  and how is that our problem ? 
  no , illegal immigrants . 
  they are not refugees since they left safe turkey . 
  how is that vote against human rights ? 
  why ? 
   this pubertal `` it is all the same '' - bs is uninformed and rather ignorant valid argument here , right ... ? 
   someone seems bitter . . ? 
  neah, 
  http://olx.ro/imobiliare/case-de-vanzare/?search%5bfilter_float_price%3ato%5d=10000&amp;search%5border%5d=filter_float_price%3aasc hundreds of houses less than 10k in romania . 
  most of them have also 1-2000 square meters gardens . 
  of course most of them will fall on you if the winds are strong but still , 
  i think it 's a safe bet to assume it was an asylum seeker since the incident was at an asylum center and they refused to confirm the identity of the suspect . 
  we should now post some more little girls playing with policemen . 
  yeah , that should fix the issues . 
   if i hit a 40kg girl ( i 'm a 95kg martial artist ) - it is a problem , when she hits me , well , it may be a problem , but not nearly in the same category or seriousness . 
  wow , what a shitty analogy . 
  ok , let 's play your game , senpai-san . 
  let 's say that you , oh glorious martial artist , and a 45 kg girl come to my bookshop ( because clearly you need to read some more ) and i deny you service because i just do n't like your punched face , does it make it less discriminatory ? 
  does discrimination care about context ? 
  surely you , being a mindless brute , can handle better a rejection than that girl but that is still discrimination . 
  if you want to do it right , do it all the way - not only to certain people from certain context . 
  it 's nice how people suddenly put context when they see fit to discrimination . 
  if a country wants only immigrants from a certain `` social , historical , structural '' context which is relevant to that country , everybody shouts racism and that the context must be ignored , they are the same as you and me . 
   no , it 's an unfair generalization of a large group of people this is some pc bullshit . 
  if i say germans are humorless automatons , nobody will bat an eye at this wild generalization . 
  why is that ? 
  ah , because we are discriminating while we are shouting to others that they are discriminating . 
  educating your children should come ahead of money . 
  they are safe , housed , fed and medically taken cared of . 
  next step : education . 
  have you tried google ? 
  if you search for religion in europe , the first hit is a wiki page that describes pretty much what you 're asking for . 
  so ... i guess we should move to russia then . 
  i knew it !, 
  those reptilian illuminati assholes from nasa will not use their `` curiosity '' probes on me !, 
  neah . 
  that 's a terrible choice , he ( she ? ), 
  is basically dclausel 2 . 
  too much personal agenda for an objective mod .
