algeria did n't have the hundreds of years of french settlements , but i 'm under the impression the french still had [ strong feelings towards algerian ] ( http://www.history.ac.uk/ihr/focus/migration/articles/house.html ) . 
  `` algeria constituted a colonial territory fully integrated into the republic that , as politicians liked to say , ran from dunkirk in the north to tamanrasset in the sahara , the mediterranean separating france and algeria ` like the seine running through paris ' . '', 
  it 's not like i have any say in that matter ... 
  sorry , i have to go to work , no time for protesting . 
  somebody has to foot the bill for this madness . 
  and merkel and her cdu ? 
  they can go to hell . 
  never voted for them , never will . 
  that 's how it looks to me as well . 
  so now what ? 
  see my answer above . 
  every neighboring country only has a limited capacity , and less ressources to deal with the situation compared to us . 
   not a lot of answers as how to avoid the migrants swarming into europe in the short term i do have an answer . 
  we can not avoid them . 
  it will only get worse . 
  sooner or later there will be camps in libya and turkey , agreements with turkey are already existing and we will tighten our border security even further , possibly abandoning schengen . 
  but eventually we will be more or less overrun , due to climate change . 
  the world is on a trajectory to 4-5 centigrade , with the most devastating effects in the poorer countries . 
  this will cause migration of unprecedented magnitude . 
  turkey already has 2 million refugees from syria and iraq . 
  even if they would agree to take more asylum seekers back , at some point they could n't handle it anymore themselves . 
  eventually , the last remaining option to `` keep them out '' will be to kill them ( even if that only helps 30 years or so ) . 
  would you support that ? 
   whatever it takes to stop having millions of unwanted immigrants roaming around europe so our best options are to risk the highest tensions ( up to a war ) with turkey , a key nato ally , and / or build internment camps in north africa ? 
  concerning the second option : how do we assure that the inmates of these internment camps do not flee and simply cross the mediterranean again ? 
  and if , e.g. , turkey does not want them ? 
  ( they do n't want them . ), 
  does greece try to force turkey to take them ? 
  if so , how ? 
  this is really a question to you , i 'm wondering how you would approach the problem . 
  concerning the area-denial approach : that is already being done , but it leads to [ conflicts with turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frontex#turkish_incidents ) . 
  lesbos is extremely close to turkey ( 10 km ) , so the greek ( or other ) navy would have to operate in turkish territory . 
  the turks do n't like that . 
  and it costs an insane amount of money . 
  as you might have heard in the news , that is not one of the items greece has in surplus right now . 
  plus the other european partners are n't keen on pumping too much money into frontex or giving it directly to greece for border patrols . 
  option 2 : seal off the area with a big ass wall . 
  like the [ ceuta border fence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ceuta_border_fence ) , a huge fence around a spanish exclave in north africa . 
  not really feasible though for the thousands of greek islands , plus folks still get over walls like this . 
  back to where ? 
  turkey ? 
  to be fair this point is generally disputed . 
  your source though only covers jan - nov 2013 . 
  have a look at the [ long term development for the eu 28 ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/aussenhandel/gesamtentwicklung/aussenhandelwelthandel5510006139004.pdf;jsessionid=6d90e80be654dde429706f0699113d19.cae4?__blob=publicationfile ) : on page 31 you 'll see clearly that 2013 was the first year where exports and imports where roughly on par . 
  for every year since 1991 there has been a considerable export surplus . 
  and so on ... 
  the comment sections on faz.net , zeit.de and spiegel.de look a bit better , but you still feel the vibe ... 
   how much influence do they really how though i believe a lot . 
  think about the toll for passenger cars ( pkw-maut ) : nobody wants that except for the csu , who 's made a promise to its electorate at some point . 
  time and time again , the csu has proven that they want and can influence federal politics , such as the health reform 2011 . 
  and yes , that is because they are large and wealthy . 
  they are their own little planet , and they do n't let an opportunity pass to show it to everybody . 
  [ that is their representation in brussels ] ( https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3a%2f%2ffoto-waldhier.de%2ffoto%2fbilder%2fbruessel%2f084_sm.jpg&amp;f=1 ) . 
  not bad , eh ? 
  what do you mean with `` easy '' ? 
  i 'm sure we both detest the guy , but the csu is highly influential , and they * do * express a popular opinion ( in the sense that many hold them ) . 
  as much as i hate it , we are the minority , not them . 
   that puts it very lightly . 
  read the report again , it very clearly states that the worsened situation is pretty much the sole responsibility of the government . 
  i 've read it again . 
  the best evidence for your viewpoint is here : `` however , very significant changes in policies and in the outlook since early this year have resulted in a substantial increase in financing needs '' ( p. 3 ) . 
  that 's the only reference i could find concerning `` syriza '' did this . 
  but then the text does not really support this claim . 
  let 's have a look at the list again , shall we ? 
  * lower fiscal targets : that already did n't work in 2014 , before syriza . 
  already then they were not met . 
  i do n't know exactly about the lower target in 2015 , i assume it 's due to a lower overall budget . 
  you ca n't exactly produce a surplus from nothing . 
  * lower privatization proceeds : also not a new story . 
  a quote from the may 2014 report ( published in june 2014 ) : `` performance on privatization continues to fall short of expectations . 
  receipts for 2013 were just over $ 1 billion , short of the $ 1.6 billion indicative target ( the target had been lowered in the fourth review ) '' ( p. 17 ) . 
  * lower economic growth : whatever syriza did or did n't do , it could not possibly have that much of an effect within five months . 
  further , the greek gdp seems to have been on the decline already again , with our without syriza ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  * clearing arrears : i do n't think you can seriously blaim syriza for the unpaid bills the samaras administration forgot about . 
  * rebuilding buffers and paying down short-term borrowing : the only aspect where i see your point . 
  both deplenishment of buffers and short-term borrowing are mechanisms syriza used to meet payment dates . 
  concerning the growth : again , the may 2014 review was a best-case review . 
  usually , you do n't meet your best case , usually you meet an average case . 
  to achieve this over a span of 30 years means you 'll have to be far above it some years , in the range of 4-5 % . 
  and with the - from a greek perspective - highly overvalued euro , there 's no chance in hell they can meet such a goal . 
   the problem is that greeks never said it was not their fault . 
  i do n't even know where people take that from . 
  i think mostly from their need to have a consistent narrative of the situation . 
  if you buy that the crisis is 100 % caused by the lazy , myopic , delusional people of greece , it makes sense to assume they do n't want to change their wicked ways and comply with the inevitable : deep , hard , painful reforms . 
  and it is the narrative you 'll find on so many european media , not only german ones . 
  we all want easy explanations . 
  too bad the world is infintely complex and complicated . 
  to admit that even the smartest minds are wrong most of the time would be scary , would n't it ? 
  that would mean we do n't have much control over our lives and our society . 
   but we never wanted to do you harm sorry but there have been german politicians ' statements i understand to the contrary :  bayerns finanzminister markus s\u00f6der will an griechenland ein exempel statuieren . 
  but we should not delude ourselves into thinking german politicians ' primary concern was the best interest of greece . 
  the trade surplus is a source of huge national pride in germany , on a level with autobahns and the soccer nationalmannschaft . 
  that this * might * pose a problem on an international scale is an opinion rarely voiced in mainstream media , although it is a constant topic in smaller blogs and the like . 
  well , i 've been reading opinions from both sides in r/europe , there are worse echo chambers on the internet . 
  what worries me more are three things : * that the whole issue is so complex and complicated that it is unrealistic to expect the broad population to be appropriately informed . 
  to stay informed , you eventually have to read original documents . 
  i 'm only doing this now because i 'm on vacation and have time to do it , and also because i 'm rather used to read dense documents with lots of technical details . 
  so what do people do ? 
  rely on a large brush narrative ( either delivered from the right or the left ) , because we have this itching desire for consistency , causality , closure . 
  * that we , as a transnational society , have not figured out a way to deal with such complexity within a democracy .
