in english the simplest way to say it would be `` 75 % of asylum seekers are adult men . '', 
  the author also wrote this article [ the truth about immigration : it 's been a stunning success for britain ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11622192/the-unsayable-truth-about-immigration-its-been-a-stunning-success-for-britain.htm ) where he argues that the uk does immigration better than most and that the frank public debates about the issue are the reason why britain essentially has no far right movement anymore . 
   failing to recognise the real pressures people face , or to confuse such worries as xenophobia , is the surest way to incubate extremism . 
  this basic point is one that britain understands very well -- which explains both our tolerance , and the chaos on the continent . 
  it is shocking how misinformed some were [ back then ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bc07e7prem&amp;t=1m29s ), 
  how does one make 8,000 euros in kurdish iran ? 
  this really is the tail wagging the dog is n't it ? 
  national and eu policy will be amended to please refugees . 
  i 'll take your word on the translation , but it 's still a non-issue that the post is trying to hype up . 
  hopefully they will take him out of solitary and put him in with the rest of the prisoners . 
  play nice now !, 
  this sounds like the sort of mistake that can easily happen when speaking ( poorly ) in a second language . 
  the ny post is trying to make an issue out of nothing . 
  edit : a swedish speaker in this thread has pointed out that the word can also mean `` misfortune '' or `` disaster '' it 's a weak complaint indeed !, 
   one minute you 're shaking hands with a woman . 
  and the next moment , bam !, 
  the young people of britain call that dating . 
  i wish that my own country had similarly high expectations for new citizens . 
  i was expecting much worse . 
  except for saying ` like ' all the time they communicated their position calmly and politely . 
  misleading title - ukip had nothing to do with this video . 
  it is hilariously bad through . 
  very informative map . 
  thank you . 
  is there a larger version available ? 
  top tip : public healthcare in the uk is a disgrace , so make sure you go private if you are in this country . 
  coming from canada i have been consistently shocked by the nhs in the decade i 've lived in the uk . 
  they are far behind north america in terms or treatment and technology . 
  wait ... is 5 % a year supposed to be high ?? 
  that seems like a modest increase . 
   members of lgsmigrants also drew parallels with the treatment of migrants and the horrors of the holocaust of course they did . 
  you 're right , it will never be possible to keep guns out the hands of well-connected criminals ( or terrorists ) . 
  gun control in the uk is mainly about keeping them out of the hands of lone crazy people and the very stupid - and believe me , we have our share of stupid people in the uk . 
  i went to georgia last summer as a tourist . 
  kazbegi was beautiful but i never even heard of this place - it 's near azerbaijan is n't it ? 
  growing up in canada i was taught that the actual purpose of the eu was to prevent european countries going to war with each other ... again . 
  decreasing the national sovereignty and national identity of countries is n't a flaw of the eu , it 's the entire point of it . 
  history shows that nationalism flares up all too quickly in europe , and , unfortunately , a europe comprised of strong , independent nations does not have a good track record . 
  i hope i 'm being paranoid , but i 'm concerned about what could happen if the eu falls apart . 
  the dutch have a reputation for being direct and honest with their opinions . 
  i do n't think they are going to like this development at all . 
  when she 's finished , can we borrow her to clean up corruption in the uk ? 
  exactly . 
  i ca n't comment on budapest , but in the uk and canada people have spoken loudly in favour of uber by using the service . 
  uber is n't asking local rule makers for permission , it 's going straight to the people to let them decide . 
  people protest uber because it 's a company that constantly tries to break or bend shitty local laws ... is another way to look at it . 
  this seems a step in the right direction , but i 'm not sure it 's enough . 
  * the two tier eu for countries that do not want ` ever closer union ' was always going to happen ' , so no surprise there . 
  * however , the uk has been clear that it wants to prevent migrants from within the eu claiming benefits for their first 4 years in britain . 
  this is a simple concept and wishy washy phrases like ` if public services become overwhelmed ' make it seem like it wo n't be implemented until it 's too late . 
  * also , where are the official assurances that the euro is not the only currency of the eu ? 
  this is what brits are expecting : [ bbc : what britain wants from europe ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-32695399 ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-32695399, 
   and the uk has no mandatory id . 
  i 've lived in the uk for 15 years and never once been asked to prove my citizenship or residency at any doctor 's office or hospital that i 've visited or when collecting prescriptions . 
  compare that with my home country of canada where i ca n't get any free health care because i lack the up to date id card . 
  i suppose we may never know , but even 50 is a frighteningly high number to me . 
  is there any info on how many people were involved ? 
  i mean the number of people who either participated or were aware of the assaults and did nothing to stop them . 
  i hear the phrase ` up to 1,000 ' used , but that 's not helpful . 
  greece needs money and the eu needs a secure border . 
  why do n't the other eu countries provide greece with a large amount of money in return for securing its borders . 
  the migrant problem wo n't be free to fix and this seems like it would be money well spent . 
  most of the left 's accomplishments ( since the 1960s ) have been in what i would call the ` social rights ' area ( fighting against racism and for equality rights for women , gays , the disabled , etc. ) . 
  i wonder if the left has forgotten how to fight for anything else , and just reverts to the default position and arguments that have worked in the past . 
  i second that . 
  do n't be put of by the generic cop-show title , the shield is an underrated masterpiece . 
  and if you 're a tarantino fan you 'll recognise one of his new faves , [ walt goggins ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gmv2nrx.jpg ), 
  maybe the uk could be friends with japan which i suppose is a mid-sized economy in the middle of the pacific ocean . 
   you guys get a huge third world country , so that seems bang on considering current goals shots fired , as they say !, 
  does russia count as europe ? 
  it seems much bigger than that - it stretches all the way to the pacific . 
  parts of it are further east than japan and china !, 
  young , urban people in britain ( and everyone else in the world ) already know that the uk is just another country in europe , not a world power in its own right . 
  but for many brits this idea will flip their world upside down and throw the country into turmoil . 
  it has to happen , but it wo n't be quick or pretty !, 
  we also lack leverage and a plan . 
  this makes me very sad . 
  i love istanbul , and hope to visit again despite this event . 
  i would like some additional privileges in our deal : 1 . 
  each brit must be given 3 dates with an eastern european supermodel of their choice 1 . 
  free ski passes at chamonix for all ( french and italian side ) 1 . 
  the eiffel tower and the reichstag will be moved to great yarnmouth as tribute to the glory of empire and that town 's overwhelming support for leave, 
  i must be missing something ... where is the data for the percentage of young people who voted in the referendum ? 
  it looks like he is just estimating based on turnout at the last election . 
  certainly not known or understood in the uk . 
  there has been a lot of misinformation in the media . 
  that sound like a sweetheart deal for the brexiters . 
  i 'm not sure the eu would waive the freedom of movement requirement . 
  this is my major concern . 
  london gets so much of its buzz and energy from european workers and visitors . 
  i hope they still want to come here . 
  sounds good . 
  but i think the uk 's global reputation as a steady , safe place to do business and invest has already taken a major hit , and the damage will not be repaired by striking a new deal . 
  i know you 're joking , but the mood in london is not too far from this right now . 
  i think prices will go down , but most leave voters are not london property owners so they probably wo n't care . 
  this is something that will upset remainers , but not leavers , many of whom do n't see any connection between themselves and these jobs . 
  random info - hackney voted 73 % for remain . 
   our other punishment is the shame and embarrassment of looking like even more of a twat to the other eu countries , as well as the us and canada . 
  oh yes , we are already a laughing stock internationally . 
  the eu does n't have to do anything to humilate us .
