i am not terrified of uk leaving the eu , we would n't have to listen to whiny brit pms anymore , plus it would be a massive schadenfreude if things would go south , sorry . 
  jump !, 
  jump !, 
  jump !, 
  this line of reasoning makes no sense . 
  whatsoever . 
  for the same price we can help 1 unemployed in the eu or 10 unemployed in turkey . 
  and ? 
  it does not follow that we should deport all unemployed to turkey . 
  and beyond . 
  some people we ca n't help in turkey - for example syrian kurds that in many cases were n't issued any id 's by the baathist regime and thus turkey does n't recognize them as refugees - and i do n't think we should invade turkey to help their legal situation . 
  `` the populations of countries currently suffering from civil wars and armed conflicts in the world '' is a dadaist mixup of words having no place in a debate about refugees in europe . 
  at best . 
  at worst it is despicable strawman that you have constructed with ill intent . 
  does anybody suggest that the eu should take all the people from all the suffering countries ? 
  how for example burma fits in that , there is a serious lack of burmese refugees in boats in the mediterranean sea ? 
  why should we take them all ? 
  does somebody really want to take all the members of daesh in the eu ? 
  who ? 
  does everybody in these countries wants move to eu ? 
  no sense whatsoever . 
  i hope . 
  otherwise i would be offended . 
  but the worst part is the false dilemma between helping people near the zones of conflicts and letting refugees in our country . 
  why we could n't do both ? 
  why we should n't do both ? 
  and maybe , perhaps , these people arriving in the eu would n't need that much help if they had not to spend their money in a black market the the restrictive migration policies helped created . 
  but yeah , we should make them even harsher . 
  it worked so well during prohibition and it won us the war on drugs . 
  and do n't tell me about how many refugees we can or can not help when the number of migrants is not that higher then it was in the very beginning of the 90 's with people from yugoslavia , poland and romania on the move looking for better days and then fleeing from the fuckup that yugoslavia devolved into . 
  and btw - majority of the yugoslavian refugees that came to cz leaved after the wars were over . 
   i see no reason why it could n't be stopped because refusing refugees in need of help makes us kinda dicks . 
  putin forbid that they would report on the pro-immigration rally that had similar number of people and was hold literally 50 meters from this one . 
  actually , police always report lower number of protesters then i have witnessed , but that means only that both are misrepresented in the same direction in this case . 
  really , it 's funny how both of the demonstrations were similar in numbers , but only the ` phobes are shouting that 90 % of population stands behind them . 
  yeah , `` rozbroj '' means conflict/strife/division in czech and slovakian . 
  bu at least in czech it sounds kinda archaic . 
  orb\u00e1n was playing the long game , he knew that at the start he has to not make waves , he first must build comfortable nest among the general apathy , just rising the temperature sligly with each step . 
  what pis is doing is just too amateurish and they will be undone after the next elections by the laws and procedures they helped created . 
  prague is apparently a mountainhome . 
  this uses a very liberal definition of `` german '' . 
  not sure if i am comfortable with it . 
   swiss   german speaking, 
  yeah , one the the few ~ ~ redeeming ~ ~ nice qualities about babi\u0161 is that he a ) does not have any business connection to rusia and china unlike the clique that is pimping our president . 
  and b ) have no grand illiberal ideological scheme he wants to implement in contrast to orban ( he have a vague incoherent ideas on the level of `` make czechia great again '' ) nor is he driven by blind paranoid hatred like kaczynski . 
  he may not be thrilled by eu , but he knows where the power and money is . 
  we did . 
  but a mere * membership * in the party was never a reason for inability to hold an office . 
  different economies . 
  france is sucking eu budget dry through cap , where british agriculture merged into efficient agro-industry generally does n't get that much subsidies . 
   sorry , the legal term arrest does not exist in my country . 
  of course it does n't , you do n't speak english in your country you silly goose !, 
  but the term `` gripande '' should exist there , does n't it ? 
  that 's one of the reasoms why may called the election with slim majority of 17, 
  ben gummer down . 
  good . 
  irish unionist can hadle the majority to them . 
  how about i do anyway ? 
  gains from snp means nothing in the end , its the seats that tories lose that matters . 
  i love how the welsh result was announced both in english and welsh . 
  can i expect some linguistic surprise from scotland ? 
  and there there was brexit ... 
  answer unclear . 
  not exactly , the uptick for brexit was visible only two to three weeks befor the referendum , but \u00ef do agree with trump - it won me some whiskey . 
  silver 's article was kind of shit this time , tbh . 
  he basically lumped serious pollers ( well , as one can be in gb ) with what was glorified web poll together - the exact oposite what he does for us elections and what makes him worthy to follow . 
  actually 15th march 1938 had pretty shitty weather with rain mixed with snow and nazis . 
  for fuck sake , could we stop with this statistical travesty ? 
  maps prove nothing . 
  nothing at all . 
  results just jumped to 96 % : macron has suddenly nearly 24 % and fillon increased his small lead over m\u00e9lenchon . 
  it never had great industrial centers that could be turned into centers of support for le pen , nor big cities that attract youth that decided to vote m\u00e9lenchon in this election yet the economy is in better shape than in rest of france , and the catholic conservatism that fillon promotes was always more of a southern thing ( afaik ) . 
  so , its macron not because of some natural fit , but because he is the least bad candidate there . 
  these poor sods actually believe that they matter in the grand scheme of things ? 
  that 's the same time period till we have a working nuclear fusion . 
  maybe the key to having a nuclear fusion is having a muslim majority in france ? 
  seem good trade to me . 
  link or it did n't happen . 
  guyana is in pretty fucked up shape and in a fifth week of a strike . 
   of all the voters fuming about neglect by out-of-touch politicians in distant paris , the people of french guiana have perhaps the strongest case . 
  it is the second-poorest of france 's five overseas departments ( doms ) . 
  the unemployment rate , at over 20 % , is more than double that of the mainland . 
  some 40 % live in poverty . 
  the murder rate is the highest in france . 
    the space centre is the main launching pad for the european space agency , owing to guiana 's location close to the equator ( to take advantage of the earth 's spin ) and by an ocean ( to reduce the chances that a botched launch will rain debris on people 's heads ) . 
  it is also a symbol of the mainland 's apathy : a few miles down the road from kourou `` some people still have no running water or electricity , '' says antoine louis-alexandre , a protester . 
    guiana is rich in natural resources , including gold , offshore oil and france 's largest forest . 
  but its economy is moribund . 
  it is dependent on imports from mainland france and europe . 
  in 2015 it exported $ 138.6 m ( $ 148.4 m ) worth of goods , compared with $ 1.2 bn of imports . 
  even wood is imported , despite a lush rainforest in its back yard , which is a protected green zone that allows france to offset its carbon emissions . 
  a high import tax on anything that arrives by sea means guianese people pay higher prices . 
  food products are 45 % more expensive than on the mainland . 
    the department 's infrastructure is appalling . 
  two main roads connect the principal towns along the coast but in the interior people travel by canoe . 
  its schools are in crisis , with dilapidated buildings and over-sized classes . 
  one in two guianese leave school with no diploma . 
    moreover , its population has tripled since 1985 . 
  partly this is to do with migration . 
  guiana is better off than its south american neighbours .
