not really . 
  it depends on the mother i 'd say . 
  i thought it would be cool to smoke weed with my mother until we did and i learned she 's a complete fucking bogart . 
  high fructose corn syrup . 
  very weird . 
  can you give more detail on what it looked like ? 
  was it an overall `` human '' face ? 
  i find the hand thing the most unsettling . 
  was it watching you ? 
  but then a more moderate force might take their place and then all that funding israel gave hamas in the early years would be wasted shekels !, 
  live a gypsie lifestyle on the irish west coast . 
  other people being there would defeat the purpose . 
  have you ever found a bomb ? 
  i never understood the importance of handshakes . 
  really the only thing you learn about someone from a handshake is how important they consider handshakes . 
  if someone is very into shaking hands it tells me a good portion of their character is just empty posturing with no substance . 
  they 're all frills . 
  of course i know this is a minority opinion so i put effort into my handshakes now . 
  it makes me feel like a tool though . 
  makes me wan na go to the poorest parts of africa and do volunteer work that puts local tradesmen out of business . 
  you claim to dislike the ignorance of american conservatives , yet believing therapy will change gays is an extremely ignorant thing to believe . 
  you 're going to fail . 
  this is so dumb i do n't believe you 're capable of doing anything with your life . 
  are you one of those people that says shit like `` it 's my opinion and i 'm entitled to it '' whenever you run out of ways to defend your stupid beliefs ? 
  disgusting redneck levels of stupidity right here . 
  are you an ulcer scot by any chance ? 
  it is n't subjective . 
  therapy does not change sexuality . 
  omar, 
  the greek, 
  snitch . 
  life is meaningless . 
  what a square . 
  giving my entire list might make it obvious which constituency i 'm in and i do n't want to get slagged for being a sheep shagger . 
  it 's not a wasted vote though . 
  this is n't the us or uk . 
  i bet you 're baffled a lot . 
  so would you support a monarchy or dictatorship ? 
  i once woke up unable to move in my room . 
  there was a red light in the room but i could see no source for it ( not shining through the window , doorway or from any particular direction ) . 
  then i saw standing at the end of my bed what was pretty much what you 'd expect an alien to look like . 
  it was about 4 foot tall , big head , big black eyes and was wearing a black jumpsuit . 
  the only difference between what i saw and the standard greys often described were the colour of his skin ( it was a blotchy mesh of red , ashy grey and black ) and his face was very expressive . 
  most people say aliens they encounter are emotionless but this one was visibly angry . 
  i was afraid initially and that quickly turned into anger . 
  i was pissed off at this thing and wanted to hurt it ( showing up unannounced at that hour ? 
  the cheek of that little fucker ) . 
  i could n't move anything but my toes , finger tips , tongue and lips so i made due with spitting at this thing until i could punch it or something . 
  after a few seconds of that i shot up ready to fight it/scream for help but everything was back to normal again . 
  i did n't learn about sleep paralysis for about 2 years after this incident so i spent some time genuinely believing an alien tried to abduct me one time . 
  looking back i think i handled it pretty well . 
  i did n't tell anyone about it and did n't lose much sleep over it . 
  it 's a weird point of pride for me that i know i would totally spit at an alien if it ever came up . 
  hey , well done for getting gold and not editing your post to congratulate yourself . 
  i thought it was funny , personally . 
  for some reason people like to pretend character quality is what gets people laid . 
  i imagine it has something to do with naturally attractive people having no self-awareness . 
  elliot rodger is an outlier . 
  even his entertainment industry connections alone should have been enough , women love that hungers games shit . 
  how many famous serial killers get love letters in prison ? 
  how many women are in abusive relationships with people objectively of low character right now ? 
  aliexpress sell trump stuff . 
  how was that not the obvious solution ? 
  i do n't think you understood the question . 
  why would you continue talking to them ? 
  is it really so bad to cut toxic people out of your life or are you just terrified of not pleasing everyone all the time ? 
  what you described is kinda pathetic tbh . 
   more wiser, 
  good luck with that . 
  what is up with modern far-right wingers being such soft cunts ? 
  they 're forever scared of something or other and getting triggered about how people do n't agree with them . 
  they 're just as sensitive and whiney as any twitter sjw . 
  nazis used to be hardmen and now they 're just nerds that got brainwashed by memes on 4chan . 
  bulls do n't live in fear like you / r/european , you 'll be a cuck forever . 
  would you want to be friends with someone that valued an orgasm over their entire relationship with you ? 
  someone that simply does n't give a shit about your feelings ? 
  personally i would n't piss on them if they were on fire . 
  downvoted for getting it right . 
  god love the miserable retards on this sub . 
  do n't do it , ok ? 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  just stop trying to impress people and drink in a way that does n't make you sick . 
  you likely want women more than you 're willing to admit , considering how you wrote self indulgent post on the internet about it . 
  do n't you get beaten up for dressing like a dweeb though ? 
  the types shouting about how much everything is improving are the types that were never really affected by the recession to begin with . 
  boards.ie posters should leave this subreddit entirely . 
  we do n't need you here with your getting legitimately angry about bad jokes , being offended or confused by shite , random capitalization and calling this sub `` reddit ireland '' . 
  people here like to complain about boards mods , and while they are just awful cunts , the userbase on the site is the reason that forum is an idiotic cesspool . 
  boards posters should be forced to wear identification arm bands so they can be discriminated against accordingly imo . 
  their internet should be cut off or at least restricted to the point they can only comment on youtube videos . 
  i doubt you knew that . 
  in your post you mention your ( likely imaginary ) friend is from romania and made no attempt at making a distinction between romanians and romani . 
  in a conversation about racism and discrimination that distinction is pretty important , so important i 'd be inclined to say you do n't know the first thing about either group . 
  consider your card pulled . 
   if you do n't like my fatness , i 'm not the person for you . 
  so , do n't waste your time and move on . 
  who are these men that do n't find obese women attractive but still hit on them on dating sites ? 
  someone needs to tell them they 're doing dating sites wrong asap . 
  great job , you were given everything you needed and still fucked it up . 
  initiumnovum thinking this is normal really explains a lot about him ...
