  i thought people were just being snarky because they 're hipsters or something . 
  i do n't want to ride her though and if she buys me dinner i am legally obligated to have sex with her . 
  i see where the misunderstanding lies here . 
  you seem to be under the impression we live in a world that makes sense and everything always works out for the best in the end . 
  as a person that got molested by a down syndrome drawf on the bus today i can assure you we most definitely do not live in that world . 
  some of your advice did give me a good laugh though . 
  could you imagine someone announcing that on the bus ? 
  `` excuse me everyone , if i could have your attention for a moment i have an announcement . 
  this young down syndrome woman is trying to wank me and i 'm scared . 
  thank you '' . 
  letting people on the crowded bus know what was happening would have been really handy though . 
  that way i would n't have needed to make this post , as the fucking youtube video would have been posted here already before i got home . 
  and then getting the guards involved ... i have no words for that . 
  you are fucking mental . 
  edit : there 's also the fact you 'd have me essentially announce to the entire bus that this girl was giving out free handjobs and a lot of the comments here make me think that would n't be wise . 
  there 's an awful lot of weird angles to look at stuff like this from . 
  i went the route of actually stopping it . 
  crazy , right ? 
  `` oh no i 'm being sexually abused in public , i 'll ask them to stop because people that forcibly wank people that are activly shoving them away and recoiling into the corner in public are totally open to simple commands '' . 
  if you do n't have any alcoholics in your immediate family you 're not really irish . 
  that is a fact , my anglo friend . 
  a true fact . 
  i know anglo lies when i see them oliver . 
  ballybane you mean ? 
  googled it and hit news . 
  roller rinks ? 
  spontaneous human combustion ? 
  seriously ? 
  it sounds just awful . 
  the irish history podcast is the only irish podcast i listen to . 
  i quite like it . 
  you 're no craic either . 
  just digging yourself in deeper . 
  it 's because of us and our cheeky banter answers we give tourists asking questions here . 
  i 'm not a rat . 
  it 's almost as if they 're posting things specifically to annoy people on this sub . 
  i demand the right to post `` religion of peace / s '' ad nauseam on news articles . 
  short version : journalist outraged at lack of media sensationalization and soap boxing surrounding murder/suicide . 
   ring a dole office, 
  this discredits everything you 've ever said . 
  they do n't answer the phone in dole offices . 
  nationalists = good lad, 
  unionists = creationist, 
  we should call them el salvador since it 's basically the same as mexico only worse in every conceivable way . 
  i did n't know people were allowed to call cops over stuff like that . 
  next time some entitled woman asks me to push their broken down car i 'm calling the pigs on her . 
  everyone in gorey is a beta . 
  downvotes likely had more to do with how much you assume everyone else values your opinion . 
  `` i like this '' and `` i dislike this '' are both worthless comments that will always be downvoted . 
  this should n't even need to be explained tbh . 
  stop subjecting us to your autism . 
  language policing ? 
  calling you autistic is a statement of fact , not an insult . 
  it 's only a crime if a middle or upper class woman is made uncomfortable . 
  that 'd be a terrible podcast . 
  all we 'd hear is nate mumble curse words and the sound of joe slurping on diaz dick . 
  trendy cunts . 
  i was getting smoke off murph for a while and i thought he was alright til he gave me tic till monday and showed up at the front door of my house monday morning at 8am !, 
  i said `` murph you mad bastard the post office does n't even open till 9 ! '', 
  and he shouted about me `` taking the piss out of him '' or something to that affect . 
  he was all apologetic about it later , saying he was locked and stuff but i was n't dealing with his nonsense again . 
  only got it off him for cash for a while but the bags got shite so i deleted his number . 
  explain your rational for asking that question . 
  perhaps he 's aware that most women do n't want relationships with men that demonstrate weakness ? 
  my ugliness . 
  it shows i have self-awareness . 
  alphas , not even once . 
  okay . 
  well i 'm glad you asked . 
  you see , i 'm a fan of a joe rogan experience . 
  it 's not their fault irish people eat that shit up . 
  i love that americans feel the need to beg for compliments from europeans on reddit on a daily basis . 
  wales does n't even have a parliament though . 
  politically it is just part of england . 
  i saw a big spider last night . 
  i was half asleep lying down on the bed , , turned my head and saw this massive prick of a spider inches from my face . 
  without thinking i hit it a box and it fell down to the side of my bed . 
  i slept lightly , expecting him to take his revenge but i think he died or got shook . 
  do you do a lot of online banking ? 
  you might have a keylogger on your computer . 
  cuck . 
  reinstall the entire os imo . 
  oh the poor dup voters being forced to vote how they do because of the shinners :( i cri evrytime . 
  the dup would be totally unaffected by ff running up there since the `` they only vote like that cause shinners '' meme is complete horseshit . 
  they are n't going to turn out to be a lot more liberal and tolerant out of nowhere because another `` republican '' party shows up in their neighbourhood . 
  comment sections are always bad . 
  just look at us here , neglecting our responsibilities like absolute animals . 
  fucking snitches . 
  why cattle ? 
  mushrooms do n't grow from shit . 
  you 're mentally ill probably . 
   you 're presuming hostility , competition and intent where it is n't , then proceeding to try and pick a fight via disingenuous methods with someone who is n't hostile . 
  twox and / r/askwomen summed up perfectly . 
  both . 
  at least he made sure the guy still had his weed when he was leaving . 
  that 's just good business . 
  for that much you 're definitely going to have to build it yourself . 
  you could build a decent desktop for that much so long as you already have something to use as a monitor . 
  i built one for about 600 in 2012 and it worked fine for most games . 
  it did n't need to make any major updates until last year .
