  1 : you 're a coward . 
  2 : it wo n't immediately pay off economically . 
  3 : you do n't like sinn f\u00e9in . 
  1 : you want to decide the entire future of ireland based on fear . 
  that 's both pathetic and stupid . 
  2 : it would n't destroy our economy and we would all be better off in the end for it . 
  as part of the republic northern ireland has a chance of becoming economically viable . 
  3 : see , this is the part where you confirmed yourself pants-on-head retarded . 
  no one likes the 3rd largest political party in the country ? 
  you 're scared ( again lmfao ) they 'll start their terrorist campaign after ireland is united ? 
  lmfaooooo, 
  this jaywalking thing is definitely news to me . 
  i jaywalk all the time and on several occasions have done so directly in front of the guards . 
  i 'm going to keep doing it . 
  enda kenny used nigger in a quote , the exact same thing you just did . 
  so you do n't think enda acts like enough of a politician ? 
  who actually gives a fuck if a politician says it ? 
  that does n't make it more racist or whatever you 're trying to imply . 
  the outrage over that comment is straight up idiotic . 
  would having all those things at once be illegal all by itself ? 
  stewart lee is wrong to imply phoning in warnings for bombs is a british quality . 
  brits do n't call it warnings for bombs . 
  during the troubles they never did that , not even the ones state forces were directly responsible for . 
  bomb warnings are an irish thing on these islands . 
  i 'm pointing that out in honour of martin mcguinness . 
  dublin and monaghan bombings are the first ones that pop into my head . 
  i asked a similar question on boards.ie one time . 
  i got banned for it . 
  to answer your question , boards.ie is the worst thing any irish person has done . 
  i knew it , all my problems are their fault !, 
  even when it was the luas drivers i knew it was them . 
  my parents paid for me to go to college so i can work in a cosy office job and these peasants want to make more than me ? 
  unacceptable . 
  im better than them im better than them im better than them im better than them im better than them im better than them im better than them im better than them, 
  what do you think / r/ireland , did i accurately sum up your problem with this ? 
  you skinny jeans wankers . 
  except it is n't . 
  you can read the thread and see for yourself that the main gripe of these subhuman abominations is `` unskilled '' workers making more than them . 
  edit : subhuman abominations may have been too harsh . 
  it 's the same as irish coffee/tea . 
  find a regular person , add enough whiskey and they 'll give confrontational handshakes . 
  while what you and / u/youraulone said is true and i agree with it , it does n't answer the op 's question . 
  just because you 're right does n't mean you 're useful . 
  i was assuming you believed you were contributing to conversation , which you were not . 
  some kind of standards of public servants act , that would make it possible for corrupt politicians to lose their assets and serve a minimum of 10 years jail time as well as being banned from politics and any kind of public service position . 
  make it so that unscrupulous scumbags stay out of politics entirely and join organised crime syndicates where they belong instead . 
  any laws or institutions established as part of political criminal conspiracies would be automatically abolished . 
  as an example , irish water would be abolished and none of their employees would have the terms of their contracts honoured . 
  i do n't know where you live but if local guards are anything like mine there 's no point reporting this to them . 
  no crime was committed ( yet ) and you 're looking at either calling the non-emergency number ( which they wo n't answer ) or calling into the station ( which will only annoy them ) . 
  every burglar i 've ever met says dogs are the main thing they avoid . 
  get something yappy or scary looking ( must be mongrel , as a pure breed will only get robbed too ) . 
  i am a student of business . 
  human recourses , management , team leadership and so on . 
  i 've met many burglars due to growing up in a council estate and buying lots of illegal drugs . 
  just drink whatever till you find something you like . 
  doing anything else is just pretentious tbh . 
  pandering to the self-important sure did help the dunne 's strikers , did n't it ? 
  public support is worth exactly nothing . 
  comments like that are hurtful and destructive . 
  nice meme politics mememan . 
  did you get brainwashed by 4chan or youtube comments ? 
  do you think tony would have busted artie out if he did n't try to kill himself ? 
  not really anything you can do . 
  these comments should provide enough insight into why . 
  it 's really fucked up you think using the guards to harass people for wearing sweatpants is appropriate . 
  he did explain it though . 
  he told her she ca n't just put the emphasis on different letters of the same word but she just kept doing it . 
  i played with a dog that had two different coloured eyes . 
  one was standard dog eye colour , the other was pure white . 
  i do n't think he 's blind in the white one . 
  good dog . 
  the molotov cocktail . 
  he claims to be irish too . 
  `` as someone who is irish , i take offense to the implication that irish culture has ever been as far opposed to western values as islam . '', 
  this thread is full of shills . 
  you 're supposed to burn their fingers prints off when you sever a corpses arm . 
  i bet the amateur left the head on the body too , with the teeth and everything . 
  scarlet for him . 
  i suppose the killer never did get caught though so fair play there i guess . 
  i propose giving that strange black thing ( is it a robot ?? ), 
  a massive dick , green eyes and `` ra '' or `` ira '' on his chest . 
  someone help me give that black thing a huge knob . 
  looks like the yanks want on our flag but are n't into reciprocation . 
  typical of them tbh . 
  i say remove them entirely . 
  this does n't clarify what happened on 911 at all . 
  it 's like you 're not even trying . 
  there 's still so many unanswered questions . 
  getting the bottom of 911 is an integral part of irish culture , westbrit . 
  just gon na piggyback on this thread to see if anyone knows what year danny divito was born ? 
  i know i could google it but i 'm a self-important tool and am thick as pig shit . 
  fella with the legs ? 
  is that the one where he 's arnold schwarzenegger 's twin ? 
  gas stuff altogether . 
  fuck that . 
  you get to blame incompetence when the incompetent are n't enriching themselves from their `` incompetence '' . 
  in future just shut the fuck up and do n't engage people , you absolute tit . 
  ca n't argue a point ? 
  post smug passive-aggressive shite instead !,
