  i had one fucking charge me and run up my leg . 
  had to throw off my trousers and flee the scene . 
  i felt like such a bitch . 
  no way . 
  i heard assistant commissioner michael o\u2019sullivan and the policing authority are all pedos . 
  ca n't be trusting them . 
   do i think i 'm irish ? 
  i do , in a way . 
  you are , in a way . 
  but honestly you 'd most likely just seem canadian to me . 
  you ever dress up as a black sack for halloween ? 
  have you ever payed for tap water ? 
  do you know anyone that fingered katie taylor outside a school disco ? 
  did a priest ever get your drunk when you were a kid ? 
  i do n't get why that show makes people so mad tbh . 
  you just know a lot of the people that look down their nose on that show also like shite like criminal minds . 
  yeah all these unattractive people should start acting like condescending assholes that respond to other people 's problems with insults and aggression . 
  then they can be high quality people like you and be loved by everyone . 
  i bet you get all the girls because of your cutting edge humor . 
  not a word of what you 've posted is relevant to what i 've said . 
  for you in this thread :, 
   hey , be sure to respond to me again with a completely pointless sentence will you ? 
  its not like anything of value ever comes from you anyway . 
  please , tell us more about how women like you because you 're such a great guy . 
  i was making a joke about the fact a lot of the people saying looks do n't matter in this thread are also acting like assholes while doing it which ( if they are actually attractive to themselves ) would suggest there are more factors at play than they 're letting on . 
  i wo n't be happy until we have fully legalized medical grade dmt . 
  lots of cunts in this country in desperate need of getting their third eye opened . 
   `` my main message is to show that there are many people who take responsibility for this death , including people who take drugs , '', 
  i wonder if he considers himself partially responsible for child abuse committed by the church or car users responsible for oil related violence or nesquik buyers are responsible for any number of evil deed committed by nestl\u00e9 . 
  i 've done it a few times now . 
  got it from a friendly onion and hippies when i was in netherlands . 
  what 's the story with bigass mushrooms like that ? 
  would eating that alone be enough for a trip ? 
  it 's a shame they ca n't just kill people like you tbh . 
  i mean it 's right-wing mouth breathing westerners like you that are responsible for the entire mess in the middle east and this whole terrorist thing . 
  it 's a shame decent people have to be the ones to die because of your beliefs . 
  go kill some muslims yourself and leave the rest of us out of it . 
  better than going into hysterics about something that 's never happened . 
  we need more blacks . 
  stuff like greengo is too expensive , especially when it 's horrible anyway . 
  from what i 've gathered online , grinded marshmallow leaves are supposed to be nice to smoke ( at least that 's the best one i can find a kilo of for less than a tenner online ) . 
  does anyone know of anything good ? 
  i hear this can be good for crops and the potatoes i planted in my back garden are a bit desperate atm . 
  i tried watering them , fertiliser and they 're still shit . 
  i 'm at my ropes end here so hoping for some ritualistic human sacrifice to save them . 
  i have a number of question :, 
  1 : should it be a virgin ? 
  does it make any difference if they 're a virgin by choice or circumstance ? 
  i only know one adult virgin and we play risk together so it 'd be a shame to cut his heart out or burn him . 
  he 's sound but very ugly . 
  2 : who am i sacrificing people to exactly ? 
  3 : how should the sacrifice be done ? 
  4 : is rhs one of those crimes no cares about ( like hitting your wife ) or is some degree of evidence destruction required ? 
  5 : have you ever played the game mount and blade : viking conquest ? 
  it 's really good . 
  6 : are human corpses good for soil ? 
  brits out, 
  thank you, 
  today at the bus stop a woman ( or girl ? 
  i 'm not sure as she was like 3 foot tall ) with down syndrome kept pushing her body up against me ( ie , assaulting me with her tits ) for seemingly no reason . 
  i side stepped this and she followed and did the same . 
  this went on for about 10 minutes , with me moving and her following . 
  i kept pacing to avoid her . 
  when the bus came i lost her to the hoard in line and thought that was the end of it . 
  nope . 
  a minute later she plops down next to me and poceeds to find any possible reason to touch me . 
  at this point i thought i was being paranoid and tried to ignore her . 
  then this bitch slaps her surprisingly strong hands into my inner-thigh ( the danger-zone ) , rubbing me and making her way to muh crotch . 
  i start slapping her hand away and repositioning myself to stop her from forcibly wanking me . 
  she was n't having any of it though and just kept trying . 
  i did n't wan na speak up because 1 ) people would laugh at me and 2 ) i look like a rapist and thus would not illicit sympathy from anyone over a tiny downs syndrome girl , especially if she turns on the water works . 
  i had to put up with this the entire bus ride for like 40 minutes . 
  could i have legally back-handed this woman ? 
  i really wanted to lay the law down but i did n't see that working out for me at all . 
  i felt violated but it is nice to be appreciated i must say . 
  sharing this here since i 'm not telling anyone irl about it . 
  consider this a psa : these down syndrome bitches are thirsty and someone needs to fuck them . 
  it is n't gon na be me though . 
  was weed legal before 1977 ? 
  was it common or even well known ? 
  what was the public perception of weed in ireland between 1910 to 1960 ? 
  were there any popular substances in ireland that are currently outlawed between those times ? 
  i 'm surprised it took so long for ireland to pass laws about that stuff . 
  was it just because they did n't exist ? 
  does it have any weight in the psychologists community or is it basically horoscope ? 
  i finding it interesting and reading about the different personality types has definitely given me some insight into myself but i have no idea if experts regard it with any kind of validity . 
  i see people in the papers getting charged with possession of balaclavas but that charge is always mixed in with various ira offences . 
  is it legal for a normal citizen to own a balaclava ? 
  the love that man had for his wife was nice to see . 
  their scenes together always make me smile . 
  i wish i could love someone as much as johnny sack . 
  which was your favourite relationship on the show ? 
  what was the deal there ? 
  even after beating him pretty badly , chris seemed hurt he did n't call him for support and even helped him get back into rehab . 
  was beating people over money so second nature to chrissy that he did n't expect his friend to take it personally ? 
  or was he just super serious about rehab ? 
  did he expect to continue their friendship after beating him like that ? 
  i know i would n't be friends with someone after that , but chris was beaten by his friends before and he did n't seem to hold much of a grudge about it . 
  at any rate , it 's a great subplot . 
  i think it shows how fundamentally fucked in the head chrissy was .
