  yeah !, 
  so smart and progressive !, 
  you wanted to challenge that guy on his post but were too stupid and ignorant to do so . 
  everyone with any sense can see that . 
  go on and make a fool out of yourself some more though . 
  deep . 
  just delete your accounts and start new ones when you 're in or when you 're home . 
  if your social media accounts mean that much to you i do n't want you in this country either . 
  well there we go , wage-gap proven . 
  have you ever done coke or ecstacy ? 
  i have and i 'm fairly certain neither impaired my ability to tell if children are choking . 
  people that have n't done drugs think the weirdest shit ... 
  i blame tv . 
  you 'd be totes chasing dragons duuuuude, 
  wtf do you think cocaine and ecstasy do ? 
  how would they be more dangerous than alcohol or weed when it comes to helping a choking child ? 
  weed and alcohol slow people down , causes people to lose motor functions and consciousness . 
  cocaine and ecstasy do n't do those things so i do n't see how they 're supposed to be more dangerous in this context . 
  go watch another episode of saved by the bell . 
  people ca n't die from beer ? 
  yeah , getting massively fucked up damages how effective people can be . 
  you can drink a glass of wine , smoke a bowl or even do a line of cocaine and function just fine . 
  also , most people can do ecstasy without nearly burning their home down . 
  the fact you did is more a reflection on you than anything else tbh . 
  it just makes me enjoy techno music and feel emotional bonds with people i do n't actually like . 
  people on cocaine and ecstasy are more alert than drunk and stoned people . 
  not much to argue about here , do n't know why people are taking so much issue with that . 
  what exactly do you think i 'm arguing here ? 
  you think i 'm defending the woman in the op or something ? 
  is that why you people are getting so pissy ? 
  the argument you 're making makes no sense anyway . 
  `` drugs effect people differently , so a uniform approach is the only way '' . 
  `` someone insulted me and i 'm mad about it . 
  plz plz plz defend me '' . 
  embarrassing . 
  i would n't wan na be in a car with someone feeling the effects of eating 5 spacecakes . 
  dosage matters and you people need to stop bitching at me about it . 
  i hear they still have guards at the door the keep non-unionists at a safe distance . 
  money . 
  i do n't blame him , i 've been beaten up for a lot less . 
  is this not normal ? 
  seems like every game i have the british are democrats with no democracy . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  merkel is in the ra . 
   one of the few places in the world you do n't risk feeling alone even traveling alone because the irish are so welcoming, 
  i 've lived here my entire life and am so lonely i think it might end up killing me . 
  so good luck with that . 
  there 's more videos . 
  by part 4 she has no arms . 
  she has stumps in 4 . 
  maybe i 'm just being pedantic ... 
  did he ride that one ? 
  fair play . 
  yeah . 
  suppose i should add that i only ever see them in multipacks in tesco and such . 
  remember the flakes with the white chocolate on the inside ? 
  those were good . 
  you know , i never thought you were entertaining . 
  a lot of the time i get the impression that english people are just pissed that americans do n't want to identify as them as rather than opposing the general ridiculousness of the entire thing . 
  i feel second hand embarrassment from watching english people do this tbh . 
  they only cost $ 1.50 from the likes of dealz already . 
  do n't think they 're gon na get much cheaper than that . 
  yeah there 's a lot of muppets in trinity alright . 
  yeah man , the senator does n't understand how the world or economy works but the autistic teenager that got brainwashed by right-wing memes on the internet does . 
  a lot of progressive types are getting tired of upper class women ruining everything . 
  you do n't let your own flesh and blood watch rick and morty ? 
  you 're a bad mother . 
  i asked on another account why americans are so easily offended . 
  people took offense to the question and i got banned from the sub . 
  you could try inbreeding them . 
  it 's perfectly natural and pretty hot . 
  kurt cobain was murdered . 
  shut up, 
  pepe silvia does not exist . 
  you just keep getting her pregnant . 
  if having to take care of 8 ugly kids does n't make her a socialist nothing will . 
  i just do whatever / r/malefashionadvice tells me . 
  i definitely would be disinclined from believing middle and upper class types have healthy self-esteem after this thread . 
  ca n't the middle and upper classes take a joke ? 
  it 's not like you boys do n't regularly shit on the working class on this sub every chance you get . 
  ( you do n't need to answer that question btw , the answer is obviously `` no '' . ), 
  so you want a party that will make progressive noises , but not do anything about the status quo or implement any left-wing economic policies ? 
  just vote for the labour party then . 
  i saw an alien one time . 
  they at least avoided it , while the british army knew they could kill children and they 'd have complacent fools like you justify or trivialize it for them . 
  vote early and vote often . 
  according to his website his email is : simon.harris@oir.ie, 
  people that leave their bags on seats on crowded public transport can fuck off tbh , to india or some other far off place . 
  tell your partitionist friend to shut their gob before i box the head off them . 
  the problem with / r/shitamericanssay is all the british users . 
  brits on that sub really are just jealous of america and bitter about their place in the world . 
  it was pretty satisfying to watch imo . 
  fuck that reporter . 
   we have had a muslim td , labour 's moosajee bhamjee back in 1992 . 
  he wanted to add lithium to the water . 
  glad he is n't a td anymore . 
  poor kid is gon na end up on / r/anarcho _ capitalism some day . 
  hipsters , goth types and poshos are beaten up on sight . 
  fuck you and your np links . 
  why do n't you fight me about it ?
