  i keep a doggo in mine . 
  heckin good fren . 
  heroin is really fucking expensive here . 
  if you dropped a scorebag on the ground you probably would n't be able to find it again . 
  what about replacement population rates ? 
  mayocide now . 
  it 's gone up to 193 now . 
  raking in the money and did n't have to beat up any brazilians for it either . 
  i saw his recent interview with sky . 
  they would ask him about bombings etc , he 'd say something resembling your first answer and then by the fourth time she asked the exact same question he 'd say something resembling your second answer . 
  seemed to me she wanted to keep asking that question until he slipped by saying something that could be interpreted as sympathetic or supportive of the ira . 
  you should go out to meet him . 
  if he 's handicapped it 'll be a lot easier . 
  i thought breaking bad was a good show but the way people bring it up as if it 's even close to the same level of quality as sopranos or the wire makes me irrationally angry ( especially the wire ) . 
  breaking bad was essentially a show about a young disabled boys quest for breakfast . 
  white people are the worst . 
  they 're non-catholic christians so safe to assume they 're charlatans or victims of demonic possession . 
  tariffs on foreign memes . 
  she fucked him within minutes of meeting him , despite supposedly not knowing who/what he was , then tries to lure him into an unfamiliar area . 
  remember that chris stood guard outside while they fucked in the car . 
  then her next suggestion on where to fuck would have made chris 's job a lot harder or a lot easier to ambush both chris and marlo . 
  so she knows how marlo 's security worked , then invited him to a situation where marlo 's known security measures would not have been effective . 
  if there 's an ambush set up in that house marlo and chris are both fucked as soon as they show up . 
  chris would not have been able to search the house then keep an eye on every entry point to the house , it would have been impossible , they knew that and they knew that she knew that . 
  all the hillary voters should have voted for jill . 
  it 's their fault trump won . 
  it 's important to remember that to marlo it did n't entirely matter if she was actually trying to set him up or not . 
  he suspected it and that was a good enough reason to kill her . 
  his scene in jail with monk , chris and cheese shows his philosophy on this kinda stuff , `` you wan na bet your life on it ? 
  obama is a cuck for white people . 
  everyone thinks america is racist because you guys low-key make everything a race issue . 
  `` oh we ca n't have socialised health care , because muh non-homogeneous population '' . 
  even your leftists are racist . 
  okay but in my defense , it 's weird that you 're somalian . 
  bad organs , tumours and abnormalities are mashed up and thrown into a stew for the slutty women in the laundries . 
  you can google it and go on the list like the rest of us . 
  pricks . 
  telling your wife you want to ride trannies is n't going to be easy though . 
  people usually keep that kinda thing to themselves , speaking from experience here . 
  how would you have reacted if your husband of 3 years turned around to you one day and told you he wants boypussy more than he wants world peace ? 
  i 'm just saying , that kinda thing tends to drastically change how a woman sees a man . 
  invest in homelessness and suicide . 
  that shit is about to peak . 
  buy , buy , buy !, 
  so proud of how far this country has come in 20 years . 
  i 'm gon na box the head off him . 
  why in the fuck do so many people keep saying shite like this ? 
  it 's bizzare how many of you people seem to think that lefties not supporting a right-winger is somehow hypocritical because he 's gay . 
  we 've all been living in the twilight zone the entire time . 
  shit . 
  i need a drink . 
  where did you get him being jewish from ? 
  he 's definitely some kind of christian ( in the open at least , all politicians secretly worship moloch anyway ) . 
  i 'm fairly left wing which i think makes me a cuck . 
  if i ever get a gf i 'll send her your way . 
  i 'm going to amsterdam in august . 
  i 'm gon na be the first person in the world to die of a weed overdose . 
  my name will be dirt in amsterdam for generations , ca n't wait . 
  i guess fair play . 
  so long as our governments response is to actually address & combat the threat and not cracking down on porn use and shitposting like the brits i have no problem with this . 
  if they do go with the theresa approach then allahu akbar . 
  good woman . 
  i do n't acknowledge partition either . 
  well it is a nice country . 
  i do n't understand how someone would get mad at someone for being catholic that wants to live in a city then proceed to accuse * them * of being sectarian . 
  i guess my parents just are n't related enough . 
  i live in a constant state of fear . 
   the blackpitts mosque in dublin 's south inner city -- sponsored by pakistani academic and former ** progressive democrat ** local elections candidate mazhar bari, 
  i knew this was all their fault somehow . 
  is his new gf the same woman that was totally disinterested in his sexts ? 
  knackers ca n't hate muslims or something now ? 
  knackers ca n't hate muslims then . 
  how very convenient for those that do hate muslims . 
  `` this dog babysits these foster puppies and takes them everywhere he goes . 
  if he does n't he gets hit with a newspaper . '', 
  i assume every arsehole i meet in real life is a boards user . 
  bringing in that amsterdam shit is a good enough contribution to society for me tbh . 
  straight fire !, 
  if you come here i will slap the shit out of you . 
  i always liked [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nxmublflca ) . 
  what about [ this sign ] ( http://www.cain.ulst.ac.uk/images/posters/ira/poster61.jpg ) ? 
  a while back op was spamming / r/ireland with his alts so he could post his own trolling here . 
  it would n't surprise me at all if one of the guys in the linked comments was op on an alt . 
  he does stuff like that . 
  the best way to fit in would be to be utterly unimpressed by all the sites and collecting social welfare at the post office . 
  so you gon na home school them and turn them into retards or send them to private school and turn them into sexual deviants ? 
  kids that get homeschooled to protect them from the librul agenda sure as shit do n't end up successful . 
  they end up bombing oklahoma city . 
  that crowd was awful . 
  anti-treaty . 
  the pro-treaty side were counter-revolutionary dogs that did away with universal suffrage and turned ireland into a theological hellhole . 
  i do n't like radiohead but i will happily pleasure you in your hotel room after the gig if you want . 
  alri lads , so when will the results coming in ? 
  around midnight ? 
  thanks man . 
  gon na be a long night . 
  admins ca n't see if you edit the post before deleting . 
  you ever go to tramore ? 
  fight a traveler for his daughters hand in marriage . 
  it is magical place .
