  i always get a kick out of it when i see tourists doing those pictures of them looking off into the distance all thoughtfully . 
  lol pure notions ... 
  no he 's not . 
  i smashed the windows of abandoned buildings when i was a kid . 
  smashing stuff was some serious craic back then . 
  do n't know what all these other nerds replying to you are on about . 
  it 's just literal children being weird and not giving a fuck . 
  libertarian social democrats or `` the lsd party '' . 
  we 'll mainly work on legalizing lsd , mdma , dmt , shrooms and weed . 
  when these drugs are taken together the geometric patterns will tell us what to do about debt , infrastructure and other complicated government stuff . 
  whenever i see a post on this sub so stupid it makes me scratch my head i look at the users post history and every single time they have a bunch of posts on / r/soccer . 
  i bet that sub has some seriously poorly thought out arguments going on all the time . 
  c ` mere and i kick a ball for ya . 
  that 'll keep you entertained for a while ya mouth breathing retard . 
  linden village ? 
  yes . 
   just pay for sex , no one owes you affection like any other person would have at this point in life . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  no one is owed affection and if you 're unattractive enough you 're not going to get it without paying . 
  i 'm not sure what part of it you 're taking issue with tbh . 
  is it the prostitution bit ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with a grown adult fucking for money if they actually want to do that , so long as they 're not a slave or being pimped or something . 
  or is it the belief some people are too unattractive to get sex ? 
  it is n't a nice thing to say but for some people it definitely is . 
  i do n't shit on / r/incels or really care that much . 
  how have you never met any unattractive people and still think you can call other people sheltered ? 
   he has an absolutely terrible life which basically consists of getting food from the centra deli across the road , eating by himself , staring out the window sometimes and spending the entire day in his flat or in his bed, 
  sounds like my kind of guy tbh . 
  seriously though , has he given any kind of explanation for why he goes off his meds whenever he can ? 
  americans on the internet told me giving money to stuff is freedom of speech , i 'm very sensitive and do n't want to be called a cuckold again so i 'll go with that . 
  write more reviews . 
  just play some fucking belters man . 
  if you 've made more than 5 posts on boards.ie without being banned there 's something wrong with you . 
  the only thing the video shows is the guards arresting this guy and refusing to give any reason for it . 
  i do n't know what happened before or after this video but based on the video alone the guards came across pretty badly imo . 
  they are obliged to explain to the person why they 're being arrested , which we do not see them do . 
  we do n't see him being told , we see him being detained and the guards refusing to explain why . 
  all we have for the fact is the video , which does not make the guards make good . 
  you have made assumptions based on nothing ( except maybe your own classism ) . 
  posh cunts of / r/ireland show their true colours again . 
  `` laws ? 
  institutions ? 
  those are for the upper classes !, 
  bash the skangers and we 'll justify it later ! '', 
  the legality of the situation does not concern them . 
  they saw someone they do n't like the look of get beat up by an authority figure so they 'll search out ways to justify it like an obedient little bootlicker . 
  this post makes you come across like a bit of a wanker so it makes sense you have n't been banned tbh . 
  reddit only thinks this is justified because the man committing assault in this video was white . 
  if he was black reddit would be like `` he should have called the police , now he 's just as bad !, 
  what kind of fool feels that insecure about their accent ? 
  better yet , what kind of insufferable judgmental tool looks down on people like that over an accent ? 
  been almost two weeks since i returned from my one week netherlands trip and i 'm still depressed out of the head about it . 
  goddamn i need to figure out how to find a job in that country so i can live there . 
  they really have it going on over there , the fuckers . 
  it 's depressing how much better their country is than ours . 
  on the bright side i ordered some dmt off the darknet so i 'm going to be seeing god again soon and i 'm gon na tell them everything you humans have been up to . 
  i once saw a girl try to pay her $ 1 bus fair with a $ 50 note . 
  the bus driver refused to break it so she cried and had to get off the bus . 
  the bus arrived to it 's destination on time that day . 
  my hero . 
  i 'm not talking about dublin bus , genius . 
  there 's more than one bus service in dublin . 
  every time i put a collar on my outdoor cat he returns with it removed . 
  the wire : the story of an entire city 's struggle with the war on drugs and justice . 
  breaking bad : the story of a disabled teens quest for breakfast . 
  yeah i met some hippies at a psy-trance rave when i was in the netherlands , which is what got me interested in the irish hippie scene ( dutch hippies are fucking legends ) . 
  such virtue signalling . 
  / u/xbitz trying to lowkey let us know he is n't an isis supporter . 
  i 'm so impressed by how virtuous he is . 
  how about do n't be a tool and answer the question being asked ? 
  i wonder if anyone did n't enjoy this video . 
  taking creepshots of people and posting them online for other people to mock is something pricks do . 
  even if you 're on the spectrum and literally ca n't wrap your head around why that is a prick thing to do , you 're still a prick . 
  just an autistic prick . 
  i bet the people that downvoted this thread are the exact type to lose their shit and immediately launch into name-calling when confronted with people that do n't view the world like them . 
  there 's literally nothing wrong with watching the propaganda of one the most power groups in the world , the american pants-on-head retarded conservative . 
  anyway , it was only available on sky but it was pulled in late august due to poor viewership ( or because the channel was legitimately damaging the us 's reputation abroad [ my theory ] ) . 
  not available anywhere anymore i do n't think . 
  do n't tailgate pedestrians . 
  i fucking hate them people do that . 
  lots of therapists offer reduced rates for students , the unemployed and so on . 
  just ring into an office and ask if they have any reduced rates . 
  source : this is what i did and am currently seeing a therapist at the cost of $ 25 per session . 
  you must be a rapist that smells of poo . 
  give me a council house you bastard . 
  are you flirting with me right now ? 
  personally , i think you should fuck his wife until he likes it . 
  i thought it was okay . 
  he gave me some of the communion wine afterwards and i made home in time to catch the new episode of dragon ball z. 
  greatest hero : your mother , for how many dicks she 's sucked . 
  greatest villain : also your mother , for how many hearts she 's stolen . 
  the only psychedelic mushrooms that grow in the uk and ireland are liberty caps . 
  those are definitely not liberty caps . 
  pretty much everything is wrong tbh . 
  [ here 's an identification guide . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shrooms/comments/590pin/the_only_liberty_cap_guide_you_need_please_stop/ ) keep that and few pics of liberty caps on your phone the next time you go hunting . 
  joe rogan is not a worldly man . 
  no problem buddy . 
  happy hunting !, 
  i swear they 're getting more aggressive too .
