  it 's a good investment as all pc games are free . 
  most people actually . 
  they 're hung up on the brain damage/mental illness/stoned surgeons stuff . 
  the thread about this in / r/unitedkingdom is funny . 
  `` my dad could beat up your dad '' basically . 
  brits are the worst lmao . 
  i 'm convinced that basically everyone that bitches about these protests is just a classist . 
  what 's wrong with murphy ? 
  i see people trying to attack her online a lot but they never actually have anything specific to criticise her for . 
  so she was n't willing to jettison her own party ? 
  how impractical of her ... i mean it 's not like smaller more lefty parties get massacred in ges after propping up conservative governments or anything . 
  do n't worry guy you 'll get your war with iran one day :( and shit if trump becomes president that does n't mean you have to stop demonising groups you do n't understand . 
   his supporters are the same people who pay sticker price for a car , easily fooled chumps . 
  the majority of the people that have been voting for the gop the entire time , you mean ? 
  sure , trump just capitalized on the hateful ignorant atmosphere the gop created . 
  what is the name of the book ? 
  i looked into 3rd level marketing books there a minute ago and they 're all coming out at considerably less than 75 or 55 euro . 
  if you post the name i 'll see if i can find you a torrent , though i wonder if you 'll know what to do with it if i do give you a link . 
  damn , you were n't lying about the price of that book . 
  even the ebook editions costs a small fortune ( i seen some going for more than the physical copy ) . 
  i could n't find it anywhere . 
  best i could do is [ this ] ( https://books.google.ie/books/about/public_relations.html?id=nux4awaaqbaj&amp;redir_esc=y ) , which just gives sample chapters . 
  looks like you 'll have to buy , borrow or steal one . 
  if you do get a copy scan & copy it then sell it on to make your money back . 
  so people should protest in the a place where they can be easily ignored ? 
  please explain to me why public support is worth a shit to striking workers . 
  dunne 's strikers had public support and it amounted to shit for them . 
  only a fool would honestly believe public support would help them at all after that . 
  after all , the public would be happy enough to slash drivers wages if it meant their ticket cost less . 
  `` muh public support '' is just something the self-important say so they can freely complain about being inconvenienced . 
  i 'm not related to anyone working at the rte . 
  can i still have the tickets ? 
  consider them mine then and give them to a homeless man ( if they want them ) . 
  because they 're fundamentally dishonest people . 
  and yet you bitch like a child at every person with a different opinion than yours . 
  probably embarrassed about getting all their news from a tabloid . 
  brits have absolutely no right to complain about immigration . 
  none . 
  zero . 
  i would say it 's shit because the person that designed their app was picked because of their connections and not their skills . 
  as far as i can tell this is how the entire irish media is ran . 
  that dumb cunt gets a lot of views on her shit videos . 
  fair play to her i say . 
  someone should pay . 
  might as well be you . 
  great we can get a pension crisis too and flood our country with third worlders that we imported specifically to breed just like uk , france and germany . 
  it wo n't be realised in irish cinemas because there is n't enough interest for it to be profitable for any cinemas to show it . 
  it has nothing to do with blasphemy laws . 
  this article is written by someone that obviously does n't understand the law using others that also do n't understand it as a source . 
  remembering joe a while back where he got all outraged that only members of political parties vote on their own internal elections makes me think this is totally ridiculous . 
  the guy does n't even know the basics about american politics . 
  go ahead and be friends with the woman you 're interested in dating but totally not because you hope something will happen . 
  it 's a shame you ca n't date this girl because you 're both ridiculously dishonest people . 
  i think you 're being downvoted because you keep saying you want to be friends with her but not in the hopes of hooking up with her , despite everything else you say indicating the opposite of that ( unless you flirt with your males friends too ... ) . 
  you would n't put it passed them because you do n't understand the law either . 
  the shitposters , shut-ins and neckbeards . 
  we demand an increase in dole & disability payments , improved broadband speeds in rural shitholes and state mandated gfs . 
  did they not do anything to fix the water ? 
  i 'm sick of all these people comparing hitler to hitler . 
  he was n't that bad !, 
  comparing hitler to hitler is so overused , it really means nothing at this point . 
  americans have a serious problem understanding per capita . 
  muh venezuela muh soviet union . 
  * posts youtube video *, 
  all my top suggestions on the last dating site i used were communists . 
  none of them responded to my messages though . 
  probably tankies . 
  oh look at the tolerant left over here, 
  reactionaries are n't people that go around reacting to things . 
  they 're the opposite of progressives ( reactionaries -- conservatives -- progressives ) . 
  okay ? 
  why is that relavent to my post ? 
  the general idea behind using it as an insult over ones political beliefs in to say that someone is weak and too stupid to see they 're being cheated ( as in they support government policy that directly screws them over and ruins their future ) . 
  i always thought it was much more fitting for the right myself . 
  everyone on subs like / r/streetwear and / r/malefashionadvice look like idiots . 
  they mock that guys outfit but if will-i-am , macklemore or whoever dressed like that they 'd all do it since they 're pretentious suggestable tools . 
  really the op of that thread is overweight and goofy-lookin ' , which is their real problem . 
  `` reactionary '' used wrong , again . 
   just about every faith on earth . 
  the bizarre hateful form of christianity in the american south does n't count as `` just about every faith on earth '' . 
  reddit communists are such assholes they have to be like agent provocateurs or something . 
  i find it hard to believe people can be that insufferable for free . 
  it 's like they 're actively trying to turn people off the ideology . 
  i got banned from / r/communism101 for making the outrageous statement of `` not everyone can work in academia '' . 
  such notions fly in the face of communism apparently . 
  good luck to them with their worker 's revolt when they seemingly look down on anyone that is n't a habitually offended upper-class academic , i guess . 
  after trump was elected they banned me for being critical of hillary ( i mentioned her orders to [ spy on un officials ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spying_on_united_nations_leaders_by_united_states_diplomats ) ) . 
  i was told that was `` fake news '' spread by the trump campaign . 
  that ban makes even less sense to me now ... 
  i guess the mods there are just dumb and narrow-minded as fuck . 
  that little support group they have in modmail must be how they purged all of their self-awareness . 
  * unsubscribes from / r/jokes *, 
  that 's what you get for siding with smelly drunk nord slavers . 
  they do n't even have horses !, 
  am i being detained ? 
  i have a khan and my horde is unstoppable . 
  demonstrate your individuality to the world by dressing like will-i-am . 
  enda 's eu job has been assured since 2011 i think . 
  if you never voted for the irsp you 're not really irish . 
  so the sum up your argument against a united ireland :,
