  you 're probably losing your hair . 
  i always wanted to go there . 
  so what do you get up to over there other than smoking cigars ? 
  how expensive are bars , restaurants etc. 
  i 'd love to visit jamaica too . 
  lol , no he did n't . 
  if anything he killed some random guy . 
  ruined it imo . 
  kinda spoiled that the whole thing was staged . 
  the pope is for gay marriage or something like that . 
  one thing that has me particularly confused is how the irish government would go about re-adding the claim . 
  i wonder if a new referendum would be required or if the old one would just be voided . 
  if she ends up in court it 'll be in the papers , wo n't it ? 
  that should spread fast and job done . 
  the problem is the type of taxes and how it 's spent . 
  we should legalize cocaine and pay for water infrastructure by taxing that . 
  we 'd be the only country in the world where you can buy 100 % pure cocaine right in the pub . 
  right in western europe is the best place to sell it too . 
  i hope mcgregor kicks him in the chin . 
  a copy of the protocols of elder zion . 
  people that do n't like sf are always getting legitimately offended everytime sf opts out of destroying itself for their benefit . 
  see , this thread . 
  bunch of retards , i tell ya . 
  all the clothes look like something a guy that might glass you would wear . 
  that 's just sad . 
  only foreign women should be degraded that way . 
  weed is n't legal . 
  i think i could forgive literally everything else that i dislike about ireland if weed was legal . 
  they have wikipedia pages ya know . 
  both of 'em . 
  are n't secondary schools on their summer holidays ? 
  / new / has been a shitshow for the last few weeks , i 'm pretty sure it 's because of all the retarded 15 years olds . 
  hopefully they grow out of taking willfully ignorant american style meme-based politics seriously . 
  i doubt the vast majority will ever grow out of it though . 
  snitching is a criminal offence in ireland . 
  most ira funding came from the ira . 
  wrong information . 
  being irish does n't mean you know anything . 
  yes it did . 
  americans were the largest source of foreign funding , which was little compared to what they made from petrol , tobacco and general criminal enterprise . 
  the meme about americans being responsible for the ira is from ignorant british people with poor reading comprehension looking to throw shade at yanks . 
  yeah it does . 
  you are n't knowledgeable though . 
  you said most of their funding came from america , which is just plain false . 
  stop trying to wiggle out of your claims now . 
  and no , the majority of the funding for dissident groups comes from their own activities . 
  you 'll find the illegal tobacco and petrol trades are much more profitable than panhandling in american pubs . 
  if the dup did something that helped themmuns they 'd lose their core vote . 
  americans do n't understand banter , this thread is proof of that . 
  oh wew this guy banters . 
  like anyone gives a fuck . 
  i did that once . 
  it made my head really heavy and i did n't care about anything . 
  not that good tbh . 
  try shrooms or pills instead ( at the same time ) . 
  buses are late because a good portion of people that use the bus are, 
  entitled mouth-breathing retards . 
  how are buses meant to take into account idiots trying to pay with large notes or loads of change ? 
   very rare for someone to survive longer than 12 months selling without being busted . 
  not really . 
  the youth of today are n't taking enough psychedelics imo . 
  all this cocaine and mdma , where 's the love for lsd and dmt ? 
  it 's like they 're too weak for the light of god 's eternal love or something . 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  i ca n't believe how badass that kick was . 
  i 've been doing a lot of psychedelic drugs lately and feel like a new person . 
  i 'd been carrying around all this anger , sadness , resentment and insecurity for so long and so much of it has just melted away like the nothing it always was . 
  even when sober i laugh easier , feel more connected to people and the world around me and enjoy music so much more . 
  for the first time in my life i actually genuinely like myself . 
  shit is unbelievable . 
  that 's the best way to be imo . 
  facilitate the murder of random catholics all you want , but not supporting gay marriage is apparently where the english liberal draws the line . 
  when exactly was her privacy violated ? 
  more cutting edge legal insights from the same blueshirt that assured us all paul murphy would be in jail right now for kidnapping . 
  to translate this into real human speak : `` if the imaginary-victim 's shirt is blue enough we will do everything we can to get their critics put away , regardless of whether a crime was committed or not . '', 
  i 'm sorry if this reply makes you feel harassed or violates your privacy though . 
  i tell ya one thing bi , i am some cunt for the craic . 
   i think 2003 was the last time they conducted an active mission so i really do n't know how you can make that claim . 
  the ranger wing were on missions in chad from 2008 to 2010 and were active in liberia up to 2007 . 
  then there 's their continuous presence around the syrian , lebanese and israeli borders which is ongoing . 
  solid containers for weed seem like a good idea until the guards pull up and you need to get rid of the weed pronto . 
  you can get smell proof baggies from any grow shop . 
  unless your dealer likes the taste of prison food and has no sense of self-preservation these containers are a bad idea . 
  shoving things up your hole in an emergency situation is never pleasant but i 'll pick a plastic baggy over a jam jar any day of the week . 
  reddit is dominated by white americans and , as we all know , white americans love to call the police on people . 
  daily reminder that all dubs are jackeens that abused the heroes of 1916 . 
  are there any actual irish people on this sub or is everyone a posh kid with a quasi-american accent and skin-tight jeans ? 
  to anyone that 's ever worked a day if their lives ( no , working for your da does n't really count ) this should be obvious . 
  ah , i was mainly just trying to lowkey have a go at / u/shock-trooper . 
  is that what he 's trying to do ? 
  because he 's really bad at it . 
  terrible allies in a war though . 
   thats the problem when it comes to the north , those who think they know more than the rest such as yourself are talking instead of listening . 
  you mind if i write that down and repeat it later as if i thought of it myself ? 
  i 'll only use it after i say `` in all fairness ... '' followed by something wrong . 
  it 'll make me look like i 'm knowledgeable to stupid people . 
   this politics are a private matter . 
  they 're asked about their politics during the interview process . 
   you do n't have to be a leftie to be a garda . 
  lefties are specifically forbidden from joining the guards .
