  not here it is n't . 
  i 'm sorry your parents raised you like a dog though . 
  what was that man at the end shouting ? 
  shut up . 
  how much are you willing to pay ? 
  every hunter , bert kreischer ( outright circlejerk when he 's on ) and that cunt with the bread ( ** acknowledging how annoying it is that you 're eating bread during a podcast does not make it any less annoying ** ) . 
  you 're not a mod anymore . 
  stop doing this . 
  i think it 's pretty good already . 
  watched that looks who 's back last night , gas . 
  they also have videos of wood burning which is captivating . 
  carry a charity collection bucket . 
  that 'll put an end to any unwanted eye contact quick enough . 
  sounds disgusting . 
  except that part about centra , that sounds kinda nice . 
  either do we tbf . 
  president is forbidden to say or do basically anything . 
  i bet you 're not from kildare . 
  the gop are a sound bunch of lads . 
  being ugly . 
  we will justify anything a woman does if she 's attractive enough , much the same women will forgive any shortcomings a man has if he 's attractive enough . 
  you got any of that wmd ? 
  i heard that shit 's the bomb . 
  i 've always wanted to take lsd , dmt and meth . 
  do n't see or hear much of those here . 
  i also was always curious what it was like to fuck and/or be fucked by a transsexual . 
  is it ? 
  pm me with a hook up then . 
  if you have any trouble getting a ride normally tinder is n't going to be any use to you . 
   would the bank issue a replacement note ? 
  yes . 
  i 'd only do it once . 
  what do people be doing with their emails to get shit like this ? 
  i have n't had a legit piece of spam reach my inbox in years . 
  who cares what 16 years olds think about anything ? 
  oh yeah , other 16 years olds . 
  carry on and enjoy your summer . 
  good thing you downvoted them , that 'll teach 'em . 
  can you put me in contact with any of these women ? 
  the english have shit sing-songs . 
  sick for that clark . 
  it 's not like he meant it or anything . 
  i ca n't imagine how he 's feeling . 
  poor guy . 
  what was wrong for you ? 
  they would n't let me watch me because i had an block running when i didnt even . 
  we 're legally forced to pay for this shite too . 
  `` draw '' ? 
  it was a 1-1 loss . 
  i know of rumors surrounding albert smith ( journalists for the indo and the author of a few shitty books ) . 
  the source is n't exactly reliable but i thought it was interesting . 
  ( skip the article and go straight to the comment section ) . 
  even if it is all bullshit i thought it made for an interesting read . 
  i 've been reading the protocols of the elders of zion and i think we should steal this idea . 
   firstly , is possession of a grinder/pipe illegal in and of itself ? 
  but they 'll check for residue and charge you for that if they want . 
  just buy whatever online . 
  the luas strikers are totally justified in striking for whatever reason they want and the only people that disagree are entitled selfish wankers . 
  they were supposed to be renaming the show and bringing it back . 
  it was last aired in 2014 and stopped for a year ( so rte could make that 1916 show i think , someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) so i just assumed the show would be aired in 2016 . 
  that waterford whispers article changed the vibe around here . 
  do n't know why people are acting like a change up in a team that just lost 3-0 in their last match is a bad thing . 
  if they went out planning to do the exact same thing they 've been doing every other game i 'd be worried . 
  pay for one , bring two . 
  no one will ask your bike for a ticket . 
  we should just start charging $ 10,000 per passport for every new applicant . 
  let 's make some fucking money , my ma needs a new set of grillz . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would the english be upset ? 
  they got what they voted for . 
  the harp was assigned to us by english monarchy ( king whatshisname i think it was ) . 
  fuck the harp . 
  stick a lump of hash on that flag . 
  i 'd prefer something new , i have no idea what though . 
  the shamrock is a known irish symbol but it 's kinda shite and cheesy . 
  did n't catherine murphy speak in favour of it when it was discussed in the dail ? 
  being amazed at ireland 's 7th president still being alive was surprising to me . 
  i know we 're not exactly relevant but i would have thought someone that calls themselves irish-american and has actually been here would know * something * about ireland . 
  why do people always call the eu commission unelected ? 
  it 's made up of eu heads-of-state , all of whom are elected in their home countries . 
  horrible advice . 
  soft cunt . 
  if she has n't figured that out after i chain her up in my basement and put on my mother 's underwear i do n't want a relationship with her , let alone her head in my freezer . 
  looking like malcolm x. 
  eric andre is in the ra . 
  it makes me feel like a big man, 
  people get abuse on the internet all the time . 
  why should anyone care about this ? 
  how is it over ? 
  rules and rulings they pulled out of their holes the other day . 
  pretty much my entire time on those sites . 
  most women did n't reply and the ones that did just insulted me . 
  what a shocker to see someone that goes to starbucks looking down on people . 
  what are these types of people called again ? 
  `` basic bitches '' is it ? 
  i worked in starbucks as a teenager and from what i saw starbucks gets their business primarily from cunts . 
  i 'm not a teenager anymore and you 're still a cunt though . 
  / r/ireland is not the place to ask for advice on joining the army , the bearded tight pants brigade look down on that sort of thing . 
  only come here for advice on arts or it degrees . 
  i did n't cop the post with his previous threads in it .
