  you should have beat his punk ass . 
  the middle class ruined liberal democracy and everything is their fault . 
  anime is an integral part of irish culture . 
  people in county kildare wash their hands after using the toilet . 
  ireland is in europe , you dumbass . 
  you have a source for all these claims ? 
  you 're some craic . 
  i 'm pretty sure half the people in that sub do not hold their opinions for free . 
  idiots that lose to trump . 
  what are you hoping to accomplish ? 
  you already know why you did n't get the job . 
  did they read my post blaming the middle class for ruining liberal democracy ? 
  i did n't know women got aspergers too . 
  kildare village is an outlet centre . 
  you can buy starbucks and nikes there but no accommodation . 
  it is next to kildare town , which is not a good place . 
  i do n't know tbh . 
  not a good place for a tourist , unless they 're really interested in horses or something . 
  they were good when drugs were legal . 
  then some cunt had to ruin everything by letting gerry ryan find out about it . 
  half of the newest season . 
  you know how i knew this video was going to be a black person being mean to a white person ? 
  because it 's on the front page of reddit . 
  i think the site is dominated by middle and upper class americans that , for some bizarre reason , desperately want to feel persecuted . 
  i used to like one bottle but now i like two . 
  from what i 've read islamist terrorists usually use ireland as a logistical hub . 
  if that 's true these two were probably involved in funneling resources throughout western europe . 
   it is understood they are being held on suspicion of facilitating the transfer of money and information in relation to alleged international terrorist activity . 
  [ rt\u00c9 ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/munster/2017/0427/870878-waterford-arrests/ ), 
  for those wondering about what op said about irish views on immigrants :, 
  he likely does n't know irish people are only tolerant of people american media tells us to be tolerant about ( gays , black people , immigrants and such ) . 
  when it comes to not hating groups american media never mentions we fail every single time ( see traveler and working class hate ) . 
  up the lilywhites !, 
  up your hole other counties !, 
  his wife is n't irish . 
  this was from his american father-in-law . 
  one time a manager of a centra kicked my dog . 
  i threatened him with a chain dog lead so he called the guards & said i was n't welcome back to that centra anymore . 
  i left before the guards got there and did n't go to that particular centra for 3 weeks . 
  it was terrible . 
  i left it outside , it tried to walk in and the manager kicked it in the face . 
  anyone but varadkar . 
  fg and ff voters are at fault for this . 
  i know they like to put some distance between themselves and the actions of the people they voted for but do n't let them . 
  they 're unrepentant scumbags . 
  protip : if you go to the police after receiving an open-hand slap people will rightfully think you 're a little bitch . 
  americans only watch american shit anyway though so it 's not like you or the people upvoting you would know . 
  i just drink large bottles of bulmers and do other people 's cocaine in the jacks . 
  i 'm a very annoying person . 
  i scored 42 in an online iq test one time . 
  you 'd think i 'd be ashamed but i 'm just impressed that i 'm able to dress myself in the morning . 
  i 'm a real lil go-getter . 
  this is the version they play on a constant loop in orangeman hell . 
  you 're gon na have to go out west as sheep on the east are very snooty and wo n't give you the time of day . 
  2 pillows + bed sheet . 
  started an okcupid account two weeks ago and thus far not one woman has responded to any of my messages . 
  i was thinking about suicide a lot lately so i decided i would kill myself next week if i ca n't find at least one woman willing to reply to me . 
  afaik there 's no larger point to living a loveless and lonely life so fuck it , i might as well kill myself now and get it over with . 
  i obviously have nothing to look forward to . 
  there 's not really any help out there for what 's wrong with me . 
  i think the ones i see on the internet are extremely annoying . 
  and ? 
  they wo n't be able to help me . 
  me : yeah i wan na kill myself because i 'm ugly and unlovable . 
  women wo n't so much as talk to me . 
  it 's always been like this , it always will and i ca n't handle it anymore . 
  them : oh sorry hun have u tried jus bein urself , 
  no , they 're not fixable . 
  i do n't have any friends though tbh . 
  online dating is all i have , but that 's obviously not going to work for me . 
  there really is no approach that 'll work for me . 
  suicide is the only solution to my problems as far as i can tell . 
  james larkin , james connolly , robbie keane and phil lynott . 
  i do n't have a gp . 
  british intelligence services have been infiltrating socialist political parties in ireland for decades in order to ensure only the most insufferable people or outright moles achieve high ranks in the organisations . 
  the idea is to prevent socialist ideas from gaining any kind of popularity with the masses since they 'll associate socialism with knobs . 
  when you look at how the workers party behaved during the troubles it makes perfect sense . 
  also note the sudden shift in far-left thinking in the western world after the occupy movements . 
  2009 : young socialists outraged about growing economic inequality and austerity . 
  2017 : young socialists outraged about pronouns and microaggression . 
  i do n't think that shit is any accident . 
  the poor genderfluids and neutrois will get their civil rights some day . 
  it truly is the issue of our time . 
  i never said that it was a new thing , just that such things became the primary concern for shitloads of `` socialists '' shortly after young socialists actually put some fear into the ptb with the occupy movements . 
  i smoked weed with my parents before . 
  my da just insisted he was n't feeling anything even though he clearly was while my ma giggled a lot and refused to pass joints . 
  it was terrible . 
  i thought so too but it really was n't . 
  my relationship with my mother never recovered after i learned she was a bogart . 
  kingsmoot now . 
  my sister got scammed by those indians that pretend to be from microsoft . 
  she deserved it for being dumb as fuck imo . 
  i ever told her about the scam a week beforehand as they 'd called me too . 
  unbelievable . 
  it 's really hot , cloudy and humid here . 
  i hate days like this . 
  is dropping bombs out of plains any better ? 
  does saying `` both sides are as bad as each other '' help anyone or do literally anything to make the situation any better ? 
  fair play . 
  who we attacking ?
