  if i 'm an employer do i want to hire the 50 year old brit who 's been out of work for ten years ? 
  or the 20 year old foreign worker who 's moved to this town specifically for this job ? 
  well , that is an age-issue , they would just as likely hire the 20 year old local worker . 
  not really an immigration issue . 
   the person was explaining the situation he feels to be the case . 
  i do n't know what the details are in their situation . 
  but i can see their point . 
  i not only voted remain but campaigned for it also . 
  but their point is n't factually based . 
  it is based on propaganda and lies from media moguls which do n't really have workers in uk 's best interest at heart . 
   but by ignoring the complaints of people like you 've done and labelled them as `` us vs them '' and said `` if you lose out on a job to an immigrant you 're an idiot '' then you 're just discouraging genuine discussion and further alienating those who feel disenfranchised . 
  so if i refuse to acknowledge factually wrong arguments , i 'm alienating those who feel disenfranchised ... ? 
  surveys show that people underestimate how important eu is for the uk economy , they overestimate how important china is for the uk economy , they overestimate how many immigrants have arrived , they overestimate the impact immigrants have had on the labor markets . 
  the reality is that conservative politicians are to blame for weak collective agreements , weak unions and weak labor laws in uk . 
  and even ignoring the fact that it is against the best interest of the common worker to vote leave , the bottom line is still that voting to ensure a even more privileged life - being among the planet 's luckiest people - at the expense of far less privileged fellow europeans harms worker solidarity . 
  if your knowledge about local peculiarities , your local education , your local network and your local language still wo n't give you a competitive edge against immigrants trying to survive , you have a whole lot of different problems i 'm afraid . 
  and your piss poor analogies are still possible pour . 
  i 'm understanding his point perfectly , i just think that it is n't based on a factual base , and that the underlying motivation is in group versus out group based . 
  not sure how you can not understand this ... 
  a company will hire the best qualified personell they can get for the lowest possible cost . 
  to avoid social dumping , you need strong unions and strong labor laws . 
  the lack of both these factors in uk has nothing to do with eu , and everything with uk to do . 
  furthermore , the backyard party analogy is less then enlightenimg , the company is not yours , neither is the town or the region you live in . 
  simple analogies like yours obfuscate more than they enlighten . 
  which has been a staple for the leave campaign . 
  not just about economics , but economics and laboratory politics are the topics of this thread . 
  and uk conservatives do n't really have a good track record there . 
  you postulate a lot , but the eu experiment has shown that regional/continental cooperation has worked and have ensured a higher overall protection of workers rights in europe . 
  furthermore , the main problems facing workers in uk today are national problems , not eu problems . 
  did you miss the question mark in my post ... ? 
  we obviously disagree . 
  and what point is that ? 
  that us versus them is the right way forward ? 
  you have your own cold logic of us versus them , ironically . 
  you solidarity is purely local and rather egotistical . 
  this is a meaningless and rather prejudices rant . 
  let me know when you have some citations to back up your claims please . 
   no married people get tax breaks could you please explain what you mea n't by that ? 
   you have to show such a change would n't exist when people are equal partners in a contract that is just like a normal contract . 
  what are you trying to say here ? 
  please elaborate . 
   you have no sources because no one can say that government marriage causes this because there is no alternative scenario and that is why we have to qualitatively evaluate the development in law and look at the corresponding developments in gender equality , ignoring all statements about the world because there is n't a parallell universe we can not use as a test group is infantile at best and new user in r/atheism-autistic at worst . 
   no married people get tax breaks no idea what you are trying to argue or state here ? 
   cite a study on relationships health and marriage why would i cite a study on relationships health and marriage . . ? 
  my claim was that courts and legislators have ensured a stronger protection for women and a more equal division of assets in case of divorce in a long string of cases since the middle part of last century and pretty much until today ( but mostly until the 80s ) . 
  i do n't need a `` study '' to see that rt. 
  1975 page 220 `` husmor-dommen '' ( the housewife verdict ) had a profound impact on the freedom of choice for women concerning marriage and divorce in norway in the period after this . 
  do you really believe that fundamental and essential changes like that has not have profound impact on the sexual and economical equality of the sexes . . ? 
  but ... it is n't a reason , really ? 
  more an excuse it seems . 
   ok then have a standardised contract just make sure the government does n't treat it differently from any other contract between two private individuals . 
  well , that is pretty much how the current statutory regulation work , by establishing a indispensable framework to ensure predictability and security . 
   also i do n't think any contract can enforce romance and consummation but i could be wrong . 
  that would mean any two or more individuals could enter into this contract well , albeit one can not necessarily `` enforce romance and consummation '' , romantic relationships are different from ordinary partnerships ( and we do enforce romance and consummation when we examine marriages of convenience in the field of immigration law for instance ) . 
  there are still practical and principal reasons to distinguish between purely business arrangement and romantic relationships , and while you can not avoid all deviations and violations of such rules , the prevalence is minor . 
   also i do n't really think you can claim that since the samples of societies without marriage are tiny claim what ? 
  that having legal rules for marriages ensures a more healthy gender dynamic ? 
  i think i can safely claim that , looking at the changes in marriage laws throughout europe in the 1930s to 1980s and how those changes impacted gender roles , the real freedom of women to choose among other things . 
  `` just given out to everyone '' - but i do n't see the same ones marching in the streets against divorcees re-marrying , or las vegas marriages , so i ca n't really understand the _ real _ underpinning of this argument . 
  it seems superficial . 
   i can see how they would think that it would make their marriage mean less how ? 
  general contract law is n't very fit for common law or ordinary marriage . 
  there are many practical and principal reasons for why having a standardized `` contract '' with legally enforceable terms for such an important and prevalent arrangement . 
  for one , it avoids the situation where only those who can afford legal aid gets the protection the contract provides , secondly it prevents unreasonable contracts between couples where there is an informational or power asymmetry . 
  furthermore , having legal rules for marriages ensures a more healthy gender dynamic . 
   it 's not a common trend , it 's just something hitler 's policies and democrats ' one share - which , in accord to your comparisons with trump , makes democrats literally hitler . 
  no , because correlation does not ( as we have beaten to death on this website ) necessarily imply causation . 
   textbooks are often too vague and do n't consider all the issues that really depends on the textbook , many textbooks are specialist publications . 
  your statement does n't really make much sense . 
  the key issue here is that several expert on the rice of fascism and totalitarianism have pointed at trump and his campaign and recognized key political or personal components that are alarming . 
  i have linked to this in other parts of the thread too : https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/this-is-how-fascism-comes-to-america/2016/05/17/c4e32c58-1c47-11e6-8c7b-6931e66333e7_story.html?utm_term=.e087b6412ed9 http://europe.newsweek.com/donald-trump-fascist-330476?rm=eu http://www.salon.com/2015/07/25/donald_trump_is_an_actual_fascist_what_his_surging_popularity_says_about_the_gop_base/ https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-has-big-plans-1303117537878070.html i find that eric hoffer has quite a few fitting quotes on mass movements too :  `` hatred is the most accessible and comprehensive of all the unifying agents . 
  mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a god , but never without a belief in a devil . '' and :  `` the quality of ideas seems to play a minor role in mass movement leadership . 
  what counts is the arrogant gesture , the complete disregard of the opinion of others , the singlehanded defiance of the world . '' and :  `` the enemy -- the indispensible devil of every mass movement -- is omnipresent . 
  he plots both outside and inside the ranks of the faithful . 
  it is his voice that speaks through the mouth of the dissenter , and the deviationists are his stooges . 
  if anything goes wrong within the movement , it is his doing . 
  it is the sacred duty of the true believer to be suspicious . 
  he must be constantly on the lookout for saboteurs , spies and traitors . '' i could go on , i find that sorensen 's book on totalitarian movements is quite descriptive too . 
  as well as hagtvet 's black book on genocide . 
  i have taken classes and written an article on totalitarian regime and i have a keen interest in the common trends in totalitarian regime . 
  i have never seen `` public health care '' or `` animal rights '' listed as common totalitarian traits though , care to elaborate on that ? 
  and what is wrong with textbooks on totalitarianism and fascism . . ? 
  too political correct . . ? 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/this-is-how-fascism-comes-to-america/2016/05/17/c4e32c58-1c47-11e6-8c7b-6931e66333e7_story.html?utm_term=.e087b6412ed9 http://europe.newsweek.com/donald-trump-fascist-330476?rm=eu http://www.salon.com/2015/07/25/donald_trump_is_an_actual_fascist_what_his_surging_popularity_says_about_the_gop_base/ https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-has-big-plans-1303117537878070.html but this is of course evul liberals with their evul agenda , rite ? 
   yes , once trump starts exterminating muslims , passes a nuremberg-style race laws and declares the need for american lebensraum , the comparison will be apt . 
  so there are no other similarities than that worth mentioning ? 
  those are the only ones ... ? 
  i guess you decide that , at the same time you make self-referencing comments in your own posts :  especially when the recipients are uneducated , spoiled brats with no understanding what nazism is and how it came to be . 
  why does that seem `` pretty much the same '' ? 
  not allowing access to policy/happenings is effectively reducing their chance to report on issues , not _ appearing _ on a network does not have such an impact . 
  this is basic media law/policy 101 . 
   please tell me more about his totalitarian policies , when does he plan to abolish democracy and annex canada ? 
  do you think the rhetoric of a posturing 14-year old invites to any kind of rational discourse ? 
  really ? 
  please go back to r/the _ donald . 
  you ca n't really compare refusing to appear on a network with not granting _ access _ to a media outlet . 
  two quite different issues . 
  so you agree in principle that there is nothing wrong with comparing trump with hitler if you base it on factual observations ? 
  so when trump tries to boycott press outlets he dislikes , tries to suppress freedom of speech or otherwise engage in totalitarian tactics , we can not point out that he has totalitarian tendencies because that would hurt someone 's feelings . . ? 
  if there is a factual basis for comparison , i do n't really see the issue .
