well , i 'm trying to show that perceived differences in germany may seem small when compared to the differences between germany and say ukraine when it comes to culture , language , politics , religion , morals . 
  but do you feel you have more in common with someone from franconia or someone from indonesia ? 
  bavaria is n't more homogenous than - say - the rest of the world ? 
  well , the principe of subsidiarity is mostly a legal one in eu jargon - based on moral , legal , cultural and religious differences - as you rightly point out - this is what we have today . 
  but the op talks about one judicial system , one central economy and implies a more homogeneous and coherent cultural area . 
  look at gun ownership rates in norway . 
  during the unions/occupations by sweden/denmark , after the black death , yes . 
  tell that to the norwegian language . 
  fries with mayo you mean ? 
  and strawberry beer ? 
  belgium is only known for its chocolate and pedophilia , and the former is just to attract the kids ? 
  obviously . . 
  a pretty western idea ... ? 
  it could be argued that some human rights originated in western europe , but to argue they human rights are less relevant based on this ... ? 
  ach , more of the `` if you disagree , you are a monkey or a gorilla on caffeine '' - rhetoric . 
  let me know when you are done with that , will you ? 
  actually , i think people are strongly opposed to both war and conflict , and therefore they want to stop russia in their tracks before they get their claws on ukraine . 
  showing russia that europe wo n't back down is hardly `` jumping up-and-down like a gorilla on caffeine '' , that description fits better on the opposing party in this case . 
  worked great for chamberlain . 
  not even remotely comparable . 
  why would we not . . ? 
  how is it _ not _ a state ? 
  it is partially occupied territory and it is partially disputed territory , but it is still considered a state by most metrics . 
  palestine even have united nations observer state status . 
  they _ are _ recognized by a majority of the countries in the world ... serbia is irrelevant in that regard . 
  you do n't seem to understand how international law , nor law in general , works . 
  it is kind of sad that you resort to childish insults when challenged . 
  have read it , does not change the international law aspects of the case . 
  regardless of context , this comment :  the stain that is kosovo shows your undeniable bias on this issue . 
  and yes , you are right , this is n't a debate , that would require you to actually make coherent , mature and rational points . 
  international law on this issue is _ defined _ by icj . 
  i have no personal interest in the kosovo conflict what so ever , i 'm just baffled by your repeated failure to understand the principles of international law . 
  on the question `` did not violate international law '' ? , 10 judges voted `` yes , it did not violate '' and 4 voted `` no , it did violate '' . 
  not sure where you have your numbers from . . ? 
  the icj ruling indicate that the principle of territorial integrity constrains only other states , not domestic actors . 
  so i 'm not sure that you are in the clear there . 
  not as black-white as you frame it at least . 
   the republic of kosovo has been recognised by 107 un member states and is a member of the international monetary fund ( imf ) , world bank , international road and transport union ( iru ) , regional cooperation council , council of europe development bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development . 
  [ 8 ] 23 of 28 countries of the european union have recognised the republic of kosovo . 
  what do you base that opinion on ? 
  do you consider all separatism movements reason enough for war ? 
  politically ? 
  legally ? 
  10-4 is a rather large majority . 
  we are not talking a 9-8 echr ruling here . 
  and no , we all do n't know that these kinds of courts are jokes , unless you by `` we '' mean russia and turkey ? 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of international law ( or law more generally ) , nor what `` appeal to authority '' really means . 
  icj gets to say what the relevant parts international law _ are _ . 
  they get the final say on all matters relating to the relevant treaties . 
  their word is , you might say , international law per definition . 
  your arguments remind me of turkey and russia when echr consider their actions to benin breech of the convention . 
   this is really amusing because you 're so far off the mark it almost hurts . 
  i 'm * for * kosovo 's independence ( well , the majority anyway ) . 
  try not to superimpose your opinion of my flair onto the things i say . 
   last time i checked , your flair is n't :  the stain that is kosovo that is your statement in this debate . 
  hardly in line with you being * for * kosovo 's independence ... 
  please try to keep your train of thought at least somewhat coherent . 
  if you are unable to recognize the superiority of the icj on international law issues , this is n't really a very worthwhile debate . 
  and so far you have yet to present anything _ but _ emotionally laden statements reeking if a poorly hidden disdain of kosovo . 
  law is never black and white and law is always political , but the jurisprudence is what it is , and the precedent has been made . 
  you can dislike it , but if you do n't have any _ real _ legal or democratic arguments to counter the judgement , i fail to see how your feelings are relevant . 
  it is , per international law , the definition of right . 
  no , i 'm actually thinking of you . 
  i recommend that you look up the icj ruling on the kosovo bid for independence . 
  the international court of justice disagrees with you , and ergo , your view is _ not _ in accordance with international law . 
  the icj ruled the bid for independence by kosovo to be in accordance with international law . 
  that pretty much settles the issue . 
   the international court of justice has said that kosovo 's declaration of independence did not violate international law , in a case that could have significant implications for separatist movements around the world . 
  the fact that serbia ignores the ruling is a far more problematic issue . 
  but be my guest , elaborate on why the icj ruling is wrong , according to _ your _ personal interpretation of international law . 
  i 'll just drop this topic now , as you seem to be `` somewhat '' biased on this topic . 
  well , that might be , but it is not a very friendly and solution focused attitude , does not bode well for their membership plans . 
  exactly . 
  uk and france are both signatories to the european convention on human rights , and as such _ do _ have freedom of speech , it is not _ unlimited _ though , because it often clashes with other rights and as such has to be balanced . 
  for a closer look , i recommend the echr case law . 
  you really got me there ... , 
  i find it quite fascinating that the boorish keep clinging to the naive idea that lack of regulation is freedom , that a lack of regulation is n't a form of regulation skewing the power in the direction of those already in power . 
  and the arrogance , and lack of knowledge needed to think that desperate workers , unable to unionise , with no legal rights , choose to work two low paying full time jobs freely - because they want to - not because they are forced into it because the `` free market '' they live in is heavily skewed in the direction of the rich and powerful . . 
  there are many state aid schemes which are designed to avoid political interference . 
  not really that hard . . 
  but not let reality interfere with your post-communist naive rage . 
  well , the irony is that what people want to pay for is n't necessarily what people _ need _ to read . 
  everything can not be solved by the market - that is a rather naive outlook , especially in fields with such obvious market failures . 
  that is why state aid - without political ties - to the press is so important ( and prevalent in northwestern europe ) . 
  regardless , people want shit , people eat shit up like flies . 
  celebrity news ? 
  paparazzi photo stories ? 
  polarising but fundamentally too simplistic political analysis ? 
  people love it !, 
  and it is cheap to mass produce . 
  what people need is longform , in depth journalism which increases understanding and creates a more informed public . 
  well , if we want content like that , someone has to pay for it , and i for one believe that a free press is an important part of a democratic society ( which we so clearly see in poland and hungary right now . . ) . 
  well , there are many examples of quality journalism still today , but the age of click-whoring and buzzfeedism is upon us - which we deserve when we do n't want to pay what it costs . 
  people want to have quality journalism , but they do n't want to pay for it . 
  entitled brats . 
  it i not _ the _ solution , no solution is - consumer awareness is one of many solutions though . 
  not buying some things while buying other things will - if enough people do it - change the world . 
  not sure why you think you postulating the opposite is a worthwhile argument . 
  of course we are responsible for how our consumerism impacts other parts of the world . 
  racist and calling for torture .
