  i 'll just ignore you then . 
  it is a cauldron of entitled and privileged users that downplay the _ extreme _ disadvantages women face in even the most equal societies in the world today , and blow up even the most minuscule of `` male '' problems , actively ignoring the fact that many of these `` male '' problems stem from the gender roles they so cocksurely argue does not exist . 
  the entire false balance argument is whack . 
  thinking that / r/mensrights are batshit crazy is n't bias , it is _ normal _ . 
  link ? 
  you may not have heard of helheim ? 
  but i did not say `` fine '' i said `` fine and fine '' with a follow up sentence . 
  either your reading comprehension is really bad , or you are just trolling . 
  i did not say it was _ fine _ i said :  `` fine and fine , it has a completely different dimension . '', 
  meaning , `` i would not say that it is `` fine '' , it just has a completely different dimension '' . 
  but keep on with the racist trolling . 
  i explicitly said that it was n't fine , but that it is a completely different thing . 
  reading comprehension my dear watson ... 
  of course you will , and have read it in context , i 'm looking forward to you trying to spin it . 
  yes , keep going . . you tried to misrepresent my view . 
  i 'm comparing the analogous effect adding context does to a situation yes . 
  do you deny the importance of social , economic and structural context ... ? 
  ( why do i even ask , you have done so this entire thread ) . 
  and the `` direct quote '' was :  fine and fine , it has a completely different dimension . 
  how are you going to spin that i wonder . . ? 
  and i have not said it is `` fine '' , just that it is a completely different issue , just as a death threat from a mobster and a death threat from a random teenager seem the exact same on the surface , but when you consider the context - they are wildly different . 
  you are looking at them as the same thing - and you are plainly wrong . 
  so , if a gay person is singled out for being gay , singling someone out for being heterosexual is just as bad ... ? 
  you live in some kind of fantasy world , in line with mra-groups , stormfront and the likes and in direct contradiction to research in the area . 
  but part of the _ point _ of the definition of racism , is the privilege and power that makes it possible , without privilege and power you have random rudeness , without the backing of structural and social issues , you only have a loud mouth , if you can not grasp his fundamental and extremely important point , you ca n't be helped . 
   so its perfectly fine to say anything about whites , and any criticism of other races is immediately deemed as racism . 
  fine and fine , it has a completely different dimension . 
  attacking the people in _ power _ , the people with _ privilege _ , is hardly the same as attacking those structurally , historically , socially dis-privileged . 
  i 'm not sure why this is such a hard concept to grasp . 
  do people really just ignore the social sciences because it challenges their world view ... ? 
  well , i would say that it _ is _ uninformed and rather ignorant , and that pointing that out is quite relevant and valid . 
  so yes , right . 
   wow , what a shitty analogy . 
  ok , let 's play your game , senpai-san . 
  valid argument here , right ... ? 
   let 's say that you , oh glorious martial artist someone seems bitter . . ? 
   i deny you service because i just do n't like your punched face , does it make it less discriminatory ? 
  does discrimination care about context ? 
  yes , that is exactly what discrimination does - it cares about context . 
  power , privilege , social and historical context is _ extremely _ important when looking at discrimination , both direct and structural . 
  this pubertal `` it is all the same '' - bs is uninformed and rather ignorant - ironically enough coming from someone that thinks me a mindless brute ... 
   it 's nice how people suddenly put context when they see fit to discrimination . 
  if a country wants only immigrants from a certain `` social , historical , structural '' context which is relevant to that country , everybody shouts racism and that the context must be ignored , they are the same as you and me . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say . 
  if i hit a 40kg girl ( i 'm a 95kg martial artist ) - it is a problem , when she hits me , well , it may be a problem , but not nearly in the same category or seriousness . 
  context counts , period . 
  i hate idiots spewing ignorant rants about reverse racism and `` white genocide '' . 
  just stop . 
  you are aware that social , historical , structural context is important when discussing racism , privilege , generalizations etc. . ? 
   then you should n't just label him as an `` us vs them '' person if you really do . 
  yes , i think i should , because that is the underlying problem with the rhetoric he uses . 
   and you were accusing me of terrible analogies ? 
  yes , because your analogies were n't even remotely fit , this is spot on . 
  you seem to think that `` lived experience '' trumps research and experts and that one should listen to those who `` feel '' the results of policy . 
  and of course one should look at how policy impacts workers and the labor market , but you ca n't base that on single individuals feelings at any given moment , you have to do real research into if , and if so how and why , the conditions change . 
  feelings certain individuals have on the matter is n't really all that relevant . 
   well then that 's where you try and reason with people not just ignore them , label them bigots and claim that you 're smarter than them . 
  i reason with people , unlike you . 
   sorry if it 's condescending but i find it to be true , definitely in the past 5-10 years of my life since maturing form my teens to nearly thirty i would say this has been one of the biggest changes in me . 
  even when i do n't agree with people , i am more open to understanding where they 're coming from . 
  the fact that you 're going back and forth with someone who is actually in the same camp as you and refusing to accept any criticism even from someone who agree with you shows that you 're unable to see anyone 's viewpoint but you 're own . 
  first of all , how very / r/imverysmart of you , secondly , it is not that i can not _ see _ your or ops viewpoint . 
  i just disagree with it . 
  furthermore , i guess paraphrasing tatcher is rather fitting here : `` being mature is like being a lady . 
  if you have to tell people you are , you are n't '' . 
  so stop trying so hard , it seems desperate . 
  i find this post from earlier today fitting as an illustration : http://i.imgur.com/n7egjhi.jpg  i grew up in a small town in a rural , white area that was only about 3k people but had a thriving university that doubled the town 's population when school was in and brought with it lots of young , foreign students from many backgrounds and ethnicities . 
  i enjoyed living in that town , it 's where i grew up and it 's home for me . 
  the university unfortunately has dwindled over the years and as it 's a farming community and farms are getting more automated these days and young people are moving to the cities so my town is mostly just old , white people now . 
  i hesitate to ever move back there now because i do n't appreciate that environment . 
  i wish it was like it used to be . 
  does that make me racist against whites or agist against old people ? 
  am i `` us vs them '' also ? 
  it is somewhat hard to comprehend what you are trying to say here , do you really think that this is even remotely analogous to the op situation ? 
  in any way , shape or form ? 
  do you really think this makes coherent sense ? 
   you do not know that person . 
  you do n't know what town they 're from , and you do n't know what jobs came and what jobs went . 
  you know nothing about them . 
  but you 've labelled them as `` us vs them '' anti elitist ( aka basic ) and refuse to even see how you maybe , just might be a little assumptive and condescending . 
  i did label op as `` us vs them '' because that is the attitude he communicated , i have labeled _ you _ anti elitist because you seem to think that science and empirical evidence are irrelevant because certain individuals feel certain ways . 
  you also seem to have a hard time discerning between me accepting that someone feels a certain way ( because i do n't think that op lies when he says that he feels the way he does ) , and me discussing the underlying reasons for _ why _ he feels that way , _ why _ his fears are mainly unfounded and _ why _ i believe that the feelings are rooted in tribalism . 
  so , from someone a bit older and wiser than you , a small tip : stop trying to a ) evaluate the mental state , the level of maturity or other personal traits of those you debate , it is rude , it makes you look rather childish and is most likely not relevant to the topic at hand , and b ) the more you keep going on about how mature and sensible you are , the less believable it is , it shows a lack of maturity and indicate that your social skills are underdeveloped . 
  i 'll let you have the last word now - as you undoubtedly feel a need for - and stop here . 
  i understand his point perfectly , but it is not based in reality . 
  the empirical evidence is quite clear . 
  you seem to imply that if somebody had a `` lived experience '' indicating that homeopathy works , you should not argue them using facts . 
  you neither should nor must take people 's experiences at face value and ignore empirical and statistical evidence . 
  that kind of anti elitist attitudes is a large part of whats wrong with the circus british politics is today . 
  its tempting to quote asimov :  anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life , nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that ` my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . ', 
  and `` when you get older '' ... ? 
  that is just a plain idiotic attempt at condescension , try harder please . 
  you keep bringing up age like that was an immigrant issue , it is n't . 
  furthermore , global `` exploitative '' trade and cooperation trough trade agreements had lowered child mortality , increased life expectancy and generally improved quality of life for all involved . 
  and while there are dangerous and exploitative trade practices , more transparent trade agreements and more healthy trade is the answer to that , not leaving the market entirely to china and russia . 
  but thank you for trying the most infantile line of reasoning do far in the thread . 
   knowledge of local peculiarities , local education and local network have very little bearing on whether you 'll get hired , 99 % of immigrants will have a good command of english so that 's all those points moot . 
  so you postulate , but that is obviously not true , all research into job searching for immigrants show that a foreign name severely reduces your chances of being called into an interview , having less than stellar oral/written english and lack of local knowledge is also a minus . 
  so no , you ca n't just discard those points because you personally do n't believe in them . 
   one thing that does factor very heavily though is age .
