the left in italy : they will pay your pensions !, 
  today , 45 % young employment ... 
  they need dutch wives ... 
  do n't ask ... our unemployment rate is 12,5 % and we have 22.000 refugees more the undocumented mass . 
  you mean the human shields ? 
  the sharia tribunal is n't happy . 
  it 's more millions of welfare black holes are coming !!, 
  i wait for the refugees lottery , they wo n't be happy ... 
  because the concept of border is racist !, 
  italy too pasta !, 
  ... golf countries excluded . 
  or the islamic states of europe in eternal civil war ... 
  a conspiracy to create a fascist unified europe . 
  1 - food 2 - house 3 - ... 13 - kafir whores 14 - more swords 15 - ... 
  good idea , add more extremists !, 
  italy ? 
  same shit in italy , `` too pasta '' ... 
  croatia/hungary drown refugees !, 
  yes , and japan is full of giant monsters and robots . 
  the alps ? 
  media : hungary kidnap muslim children !, 
  it 's more `` wealthy european tourists cover their face to avoid be doxxed to oblivion '', 
  oil money ... 
  the sea ? 
  fences , many fences ... 
  and the syrians in italy look nigerians ... 
  add methylene blue in the water . 
  polar bears need meat . 
  japan is against non-white immigration , saudi want only slaves and for china i do n't know . 
  or japan . 
  in italy 4/5 million of unemployed people , they will pay ours pensions . 
  it 's more easy to invade again libya and stopping the italian route . 
  we will wait for their civil war . 
  sweden no !, 
  go to school ? 
  your roma are more evolved that the ours . 
  we need a new merkel-bot . 
  his objective was canada . 
  [ secure beneath watchful eyes . 
  it 's the sweden paradox . 
  or idiots going in syria ... 
  racism ? 
  i 'm doubtful that italy , spain or uk could host millions of frenchs from an hypothetical war-torn france ... 
  this dude is a member of the rebel faction in syria , i 'm not sure if is `` good '' or `` bad '' ... 
  isis has warned us , but is `` racist '' . 
  rape fetish . 
  before of calais was a problem of greece and italy . 
  i can see the future fire caused by heaters this winter ... 
  if you rob a muslim is an hate crime ? 
   the met define islamophobic crime as any offence intended to affect those known or perceived to be muslim . 
  wtf ? 
  the iraqi consider merkel their savior ... 
  boys . 
  over 75 % of them are adult men . 
  a part of the remaining < 25 % are [ `` boys '' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hur1hjo.png ) . 
  ftfy . 
  [ i can offer only this apartment ] ( http://imgur.com/otlddi8 ) . 
  [ makkha newspaper on-line version is dead ... ] ( http://www.makkahnewspaper.com/makkahnews/ ), 
  the on-line edition is dead ... 
  economic refugees ? 
  ... and children . 
  [ saudi arabia ` seeking to ( be ) head united nations human rights council ' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/saudi-arabia-reportedly-seeking-to-head-united-nations-human-rights-council-10267783.html ), 
  we can use the current terrae nullius : 3.1 bir tawil 3.2 land portions along the danube river 3.3 land strip at the croatia -- slovenia border 3.4 unclaimed areas in antarctica 3.5 international sea 3.6 celestial bodies, 
  immigration ? 
  hearing their interview , yes , but i do n't know if is only limited to muslim women . 
  a bombing wave . 
   around midnight on friday , police officers in tumba , were first stoned by 10-20 immigrants , then the police station in tumba center was attacked with molotov cocktails . 
  maybe sweden have a problem . 
  exactly , deport the illegal immigrants and you will be fined , accept them and you will be fined . 
  it 's the roma mafia ? 
  in italy we have this shit a rome . 
  and in belgium you can find ak-47 under park benches ... 
  i remember an article about immigrants embarking from sweden to uk ... 
  italy opens its gates : rome says all syrian asylum-seekers are welcome to go in germany , as britain is urged to make a ` similar statement ', 
  nope , the left have fucked the job market . 
  45 % for young and 12.5 % total . 
  they are protesting about pasta ... really . 
  half of left in italy consider the problem manageable , the other half does n't believe in the existence of the immigration emergency ... 
  berlusconi is the italian trump . 
  they have lived here for 20 years and all the family a part the mother speak italian . 
  in italy we have 4 mil of unemployed and 10 mil of poors on a population of 60 mil . 
  yes , more immigrants ... 
  the native american was enriched . 
  the mother of a muslim that i know never learned the basic italian , they live here from 20-25 years ... 
  we have poor people , 10 milion of poor people , and we are at war with the mafia . 
  we have a negative birthrate ... 
  yes , korans , bibles are the same thing . 
  and starve , do n't forget the starve part . 
  and we help them with food aid ... 
  you would n't steal a car , you would n't steal a handbag , you would n't steal a television , you would n't steal a movie . 
  but you can steal a children , we do n't give a shit . 
  firmed the lobbyist . 
  was mostly legal immigration and usa was a developing nation . 
   flipped all the world will become africa and the 0.00001 will be filthy rich . 
  nice future . 
  it 's more fault of the local assholes selling their land for money and becoming dictators . 
  children need money . 
  you 're unemployed . 
  job give money . 
  no money no children .
