  libya do n't recognize them like their people and if we touch their coast they will consider that like an act of war and the rest of world will a *** f ** ck us . 
  libya : it 's an act of war !!, 
  be happy , when europe will collapse , we 'll embark from spain to usa . 
  for some reason if you prefer your own people you are racist and fascist ... 
  it 's probable , in italy asking a solution for the immigration problem mean to be racists ... 
  i miss the old racism . 
  and muslims produces only others muslims , it 's a law . 
  for some reason people from certain country like live with other people from the same country ... strange . 
  it 's similar to chinatown and little italy in the usa . 
  the radical muslims joining to isis are 2 ' -3 ' generation , so they are `` british '' . 
  how a man i wo n't go alone in a bad part of london , i hate stab wounds ... 
  bananas are the atheist 's nightmare . 
  in italy on 1000 refugees : 940 men , 55 women and 5 children ... nice average . 
  to be honest , yes , add more boats to save more immigrants and ... nothing more . 
  the moon ? 
  italy have tried to deport the immigrants , unfortunately the echr considered that an `` inhuman act '' and fined us 15000 $ / person ... 
  i can confirm that the berlusconi-gaddafi pact have almost stopped the flow , rubber boats are vulnerable to guns ... 
  we have tried to stop the flood , but the echr have fined us with 15000 $ / person for violation of human rights ... 
  they riot in italy for the missing wi-fi ... 
  if you own a house you can live , but here renting an apartment is 400/500 $ at average , more in big cities ... 
  you need the lead one . 
  in italy yes ... 
  i doubt that african immigrants could walk on water . 
  they cross the alps . 
  and sometimes they riot for the food or the missing wi-fi ... 
  someone go in bulgaria and live there with a local young wife . 
  in italy is 35 $ / day , and italian elderly people live with 600 $ to month and eat trash , [ literally ] ( http://imgur.com/kmwvvcc ) . 
  libya started with gaddafi shooting civilian , i doubt that the locals was happy . 
  considering the secret berlusconi-gaddafi pact to lesser the number of immigrant is realistic . 
  in italy we have 10 million of poors and the government doe n't give a shit . 
  muslims can fly ? 
  and the lybia situation is gaddafi fault , i doubt that shooting civilian give good pr . 
  because the 90 % of illegal immigrants are men ? 
  so will show the white cotton part ? 
  it 's the same with the krogans . 
  tumblr will be happy . 
  `` corruption '' images of black children ... what ? 
  i remember some returnee . 
  the last time in italy arrived 1300 men , 100 women and 40 children . 
  yes , refugees ... 
  this park is inaccurate , where is noah ? 
  and the people that called for the intervention will start lamenting about eu/us evil colonialism , again ... 
  oh , this is the old , now we have a not-elected government . 
  but our dictator says that we need to save africa ? 
  borders are a racist concept . 
  we are an isis vassal state . 
  they sell only grenades . 
  in italy we are under a not elected government of left ... some help ? 
  boxed wines is n't considered wine in italy . 
  please putin do n't follow nk politics . 
  we 'll be upgraded to anti-bullet vest . 
  we are part of africa now . 
  nothing about a naval blockade in libya ? 
  the problem is the f * cking african and muslims overpopulation !, 
  in italy we have 4 millions of unemployed , 12m of poors and a population of 60 + millions , a crap of government and the mafia . 
  in italy the schengen border mean the mediterranean sea ... 
  sealand ? 
  it 's the same in italy , entire families are homeless . 
  nope , carthage have started !, 
  the british solution ... 
  claymores ? 
  i propose laser sharks . 
  water mines ? 
  my sister earn 200 $ to month for 15 hours to week job ... 
  i remember stories of young people paying 800 $ of rent and earning 400 $ ... 
  exactly . 
  i consider homosexuality a natural way to reduce the human population . 
  butt-buddies is gender neutral . 
  following christian doctrine suffering is good , more heaven for you . 
  do n't forget herd immunity , more dead children . 
  they are a token minority . 
  we will build an anti-kaiju wall . 
  the `` poor '' refugees in italy do n't want to stay , they want juicy welfare from north europe . 
  they refuse to be registered in italy . 
  italy will build an anti-kaiju wall . 
  reading the comments , the police has arrested the chinese women ... 
  the same when they kill someone with their 40000 $ car ... 
  it 's the same in italy . 
  the same in italy . 
  a new zionists plot ? 
  maroni , in italy has asked a military intervention for the immigration emergency . 
  we have lost something 50000 illegal immigrant , this month . 
  asia ? 
  north pole ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  we can use auschwitz how an emergency camp . 
  they are here to rape and pillage . 
  currently is more nurgle with scabies and a bit of malaria . 
  yes ... 
  for some reason france does n't want immigrants . 
  b-but they are poor refugees ; they bring many cultural thingys , how scabies and malaria . 
  and more money for politicians , but this is n't important . 
  and a rise of activists chanting `` also lab meat is alive '', 
  we can teach lions to eat soy . 
  a golden banana ? 
  cloning humans do n't make sense , cloning organs and tissues is better . 
  and north africa have started the invasion of italy . 
  italy make sense . 
  it 's good , so no cultural problems . 
  or a jar of caustic soda .
