  and you know what , it is mother fucking heaven now compared to what it was then . 
  russians have cleaned it , they have started to rebuild , they have some nice things going on , some nice restaurants , you know , quality of life . 
  they did n't have any of that back then . 
  if you have n't visited ussr , the only thing that i can say , take a flight to a poor african country , and even that is still better managed that what the ussr was . 
  you could also ask what is the state going to do with the money ? 
  france is notorious of being a country of paper pushers . 
  so how is it ... would you rather have the french state have the money to employ paper pushers ? 
  or would you rather have richie the rich have the money , and maybe investing into a new venture , or building a golden slide with ? 
  i have to say that if i would be french taxpayer , i would n't want my money going to bunch of useless bureaucrats . 
  that is reality . 
  or , viewed differently , would it be better for these people to stop contributing to the society ? 
  that was n't my stance . 
  my stance is , do what is practical , not what is morally or ideologically right , because they do n't bring results . 
  and like i said in other thread , i have been in the ussr , and there people were n't very practical , they followed ideology that in the end made their country a third world country . 
  45 % is a killing rate . 
  it will more or less guarantee that capital flight will happen , then again , it will employ many lawyers in foreign countries who will be creating new holding companies for many new oversees customers . 
  why does the bbc article then say that ... `` capital gains and dividends will now be subject to the income tax regime '', 
  that maybe , europeans in general have fatter fingers than asians , assembling electronics may not be suitable for french , maybe doing t-shirts would be better ? 
   first of all , the 75 % is a marginal rate , i.e. 
  you pay it for the amount above one million . 
  if you tell me - with your huge experience of investing a measly 700 euro - `` i would n't invest in that case '' , then you 're either stupid , terrible at math or deluded . 
  or please explain to me how - say - 250k profit on your second million is n't worth the bother ? 
  measly 700 euros per month addition to my personal fund ... 
  non of the less 30 % capital gains tax is still tolerable , there is plenty left for me . 
  however if that tax would grow based on my income , the more i make the less i would have motivation to have more . 
  in case of that 1 million and 75 % tax , there is huge difference , that money can buy you new car , new apartment or enable you to retire sooner . 
  however more important than that is that it is n't terribly fair , you are contributing more to the society already , but what the state wants to do is to take most of it , not just part of it . 
  if you think that the system is unfair then you do n't have much motivation to work . 
   second , you seem to have a misconception about personal taxes . 
  `` i 'm not going to pay even more taxes on investing it . '', 
  well , you 're not . 
  investing is pretty much free . 
  but you definitely should pay taxes on the amount of profit you earn from it , because i fail to see how that is different from earning it via work . 
  and as i said : it 's not money that works , it 's people . 
  so you might have an argument not to tax corporations , because those gains might get reinvested , but any money you earn should get taxed with your personal rate . 
  it 's the same as with inheritance - sure that money has been taxed , but now it 's you that got it , so you should pay taxes for it . 
  it is the capital working . 
  and for the state is it is beneficial to allow successful individuals accumulate it as they will put it to a good use . 
   thirdly , you do n't really `` invest '' if you put money in stocks . 
  you are exchanging papers with other people that put some arbitrary value in that paper and bet that your valuation skill are better than theirs . 
  just listen to the crap they spew in the finance tv news , and you should get an idea that no one actually has any idea what that shit is worth . 
  `` yes bill , the s&p is up due to the good news on the labor front '' . 
  yeah right . 
  or because i work in corporate environment i might see where things are going , not to mention that my co-workers and my friends are also too working in different sectors of the economy , by exchanging with each others on what is going on , one can induce a picture on where things are going to . 
  it can be as simple as talking with bi-company representative about their sales outlook , for example one representative said that nordics and especially finland is one of their hottest sales areas . 
   investing - as you said - means that you actually put money in businesses , enable them to make more money . 
  if you ever get to this stage ( which i doubt from reading your post ) , you most likely wo n't have enough cash in the first place , so you need to take in credit from other investors - which in turn will want control and tell you when to sit , jump and bark . 
  the most likely outcome will be that you 'll have a job - but work for them and not for a boss . 
  of course the point is to lure at first angel investors and then via their contacts venture capitalists , of course they will give their input , but they have same goal as i , to make the start-up grow quick and make it profitable . 
  yes , i will loose control , and if and when we hit jackpot , i will get less than i would have without them , but heck , they gave the capital that enabled the growth . 
  and what bad is having a boss or somebody to whom you answer ? 
  you are always answerable to somebody . 
   anyway , i 'm still missing a good reason ( `` i would n't like that '' does n't qualify ) as to why capital gains should n't be taxed at the income tax rate . 
  sure everyone does it that way because capital is sooo mobile and shy . 
  but that 's not a good reason in my opinion . 
  what you are looking for is moral justification , but the only moral justification on why we all should n't just get the same pay is because with this way everybody will have more , because there is incentive for everybody to work more . 
  both sweden and finland have pretty high income and consumption taxes , however corporate taxes are relatively low and capital gains taxes are moderate if not low . 
  there is no tax on wealth , and in sweden there is no inheritance tax . 
  taxation is largely build on the fact that both corporations and rich can easily move and dodge taxes if they want to , so it is better idea to tax them at a level where they do n't want to leave the country . 
  taxation also takes into account , at least finland , that we are capital poor country , and thus taxation needs to make it lucrative for american and other pension and wealth funds to invest into finnish companies . 
  addition : my friends then ceo dad said that dodging taxes costs almost the same as just paying them , so it is better to be honest as it makes life easier . 
   also : millionaires investing and creating new growth wo n't be in france . 
  they 're not fools . 
  maybe there is something badly wrong in the economy if people do n't want to invest in france . 
  maybe the state should get its hands off and give more economic freedom to people and companies . 
  rich people do n't necessarily use more resources than others . 
  it is mostly a cultural thing . 
  my friends dad was a ceo in big retail business in finland , and is a millionaire , they live in approx 150 sq meter apartment , do n't employ cook , cleaner or chauffeur . 
  the same with another friends relatives . 
  but why should n't rich be able to have and consume more than others ? 
  for example both bill gates and larry ellison have created so much value , have saved countless hours of work , etc. . . that i really ca n't see any reason why they ca n't have little bit luxuries in their lives . 
  because with your line of thinking , everybody should make the same , no matter if you are cleaner or software engineer or ceo . 
  but with recipe i can guarantee that everybody would have much less than they currently have . 
  money motivates . 
  i would never ever studied hard in high school so that i can go to university so that i can work in software industry , if there would n't be more money earned that way . 
  the research that they did at the university was public . 
  the reason why they could start a company was because they had vision and know-how to put their knowledge to use , and more than that , they had gained the truest of investors on being people who can get things done . 
  and lets not forget that they are contributing back to society . 
  they employ people , they pay payroll taxes , they make pension contributions , etc. . . and if they get lucky and the company succeeds , they will pay 30 % capital gains tax , and the company itself will pay 24,5 % tax from profits . 
  if they succeed , everybody wins : inventors , investors , workers and the state . 
  this is the activity that you want to encourage as it will create new value for everybody . 
  however if we would have same taxes as the french are proposed to have , this start-up would never have seen the daylight - everybody would have lost . 
  millionaires invest and investment creates new growth . 
  outsourcing work that is n't economical to produce domestically does also create growth eventually because it allows companies to compete against companies that have naturally lower human resource costs , it also frees workforce to the labour pool that can then be used more efficiently by companies who can use them profitably . 
  for crying out loud , finnish companies such as nokia would have gone bust long time ago if they could n't have outsourced many of their functions . 
  due to outsourcing there are still large numbers of telecommunication and software engineers , designers and business professional working in finland . 
  the more you produce , the more you can share . 
  first order of business is to maximize produce and future growth of it . 
  after you have done that you can concentrate on sharing the fruits of labour . 
  what the french state is completely backwards as their policies will decrease produce now and tomorrow , leaving less for everybody . 
  how about when you create new business , it becomes successful and you become rich . 
  is that leeching ? 
  because the way i see it is that when you create a new business that is successful , you are creating value ... for example a friend of mine just started working in a finnish start-up , created by two professors who were specialised on machine vision , they teamed up with few business persons , got venture capitalists on board , and now have start-up whose aim is to make recycling of waste completely automatized on a level never seen before . 
  now if they get the company running and if they get the system functioning as good as they want it , they will become rich . 
  now is that leeching off the society ? 
  because you know , many times start-ups actually fail . 
  i worked as an consultant for an start-up that had great vision , millions of funding , and actually got into point where everything worked and they started to earn money , unfortunately for them , at that point their critical business partner stopped working for them and now they are bust . 
  risky business is risky business . 
  my point here is that it is wrong just to concentrate on rich being rich , and not asking how they got rich . 
  actually i can .
