  this is the problem . 
  to fix the situation you have to first decrease consumption , free people from unproductive work and enable them to seek employment or entrepreneurship from the private sector , then the situation will become stable again and after the private sector starts to invest again , the economy will start to grow . 
  not true . 
  when you have a public worker paying taxes to the state , you are just recycling money from state to state . 
  state expenditure is always paid by the private sector that generates goods and services . 
  greek companies are still exporting goods and servicing tourists , that is where the real flow of money comes that pays taxes and keep the state up . 
  that goes too far , besides the only way the greek state is going to be able to pay its debts is to have a free market economy based on its citizen being able to work and live free . 
  right now the question is will the greek people change their political and general culture so that it will enable this or not . 
  if they will adapt then there is no question on will they be able to pay of their debts , on the other hand if their culture wo n't change then there is no hope to get any money back . 
  or could it be that countries needing the help of the imf have already ran their economies to the ground ? 
   lagarde , predicting that the debt crisis has yet to run its course , adds : `` do you know what ? 
  as far as athens is concerned , i also think about all those people who are trying to escape tax all the time . 
  all these people in greece who are trying to escape tax . '', 
  she says she thinks `` equally '' about greeks deprived of public services and greek citizens not paying their tax . 
    `` i think they should also help themselves collectively . '', 
  asked how , she replies : `` by all paying their tax . '', 
  what is the problem ? 
  she is completely right about this . 
  they are paid based on the real value of their work , if they would be paid more , then they would be replaced by machines . 
  actually that is the case that has been happening in many workplaces and that trend will only increase in the future . 
  and going back to value creation , when an engineer for example makes a small optimization to machine , due to scale of operation , that little optimization will end up in thousands or hundreds of thousands of machines , thus generating an huge amount of value . 
  on the otherhand people in jobs that do n't have that operation of scale in their jobs , are bound to their physical limits on much value they can generate . 
  first of all , western societies are largely funded by the middle and upper middle classes , people who make minimum wage are n't net contributors , they in their whole life time will usually generate a net loss for the state . 
  for example the swedish state has researched this issue a lot and they have come into conclusion that economic benefits that the immigrants bring are largely the same size as the losses they cause . 
  and like i said before , there are unemployed people already . 
  another issue is that if the immigrants plan is to just make money and go back home , then yes , earning that minimum wage makes him rich when he goes back , but if he decides to stay at the host society , he will likely lead a poor life . 
  in a wealthy and rich place like greece they have wealth to redistribute to cover basic needs for people in need , however their state fails at this and that actually is the fault of greeks and they are the only ones who can fix the situation . 
  the best thing to do in case of people immigrating illegally due to economic conditions is to tell few facts at their local countries ... * you wo n't get rich working in europe * you will not get good work in europe * you will be deported at the first instance from europe * if somebody tells you otherwise , they are lying . 
  these are basic facts that need to be communicated , along with rationalization on why things are so ... * even most basic jobs need formal training . 
  * almost all jobs need ability to speak local language . 
  * there are already lots of unemployed people . 
  people in poor or developing countries do n't know these things . 
  what they only will hear is stories about a rich place where their cousins cousin succeeded by his own words . 
  what will happen is that many people will use all their family 's live saving to get to europe and then wreck their lives when they encounter the reality . 
  i have nothing against legal immigration that is based on quantified needs to get workers and where the host country can make sure that people actually are able to start their lives here . 
  i also have nothing against giving asylums for a limited number of people . 
  however the fact is that we have to first make sure that our own societies continue to work and when we have done that we can concentrate on helping others . 
  also to note that the best way for european to help people in poor countries is to either reduce eu agricultural subsidies or get them repealed completely . 
  that would help much more people in poor countries than anything else . 
   this means nothing . 
  gdp per capita is the mean value of gdp . 
  this is a very lame measure . 
  that 's like saying that a slave owner and his slave make `` x/2 '' euros , where x is the total amount of euros owned by both of them . 
  it 's obvious that the slave makes nothing ( 0 ) and the owner makes x. 
  you might want to use the median or mod for this . 
  it is purely internal matter of eu member states do they do wealth redistribution inside their society and on what scale . 
  for example nordic countries have quite large schemes to redistribute wealth between their citizens . 
   imposed . 
  greeks voted for socialism , and got neolibaralism . 
  now we are voting for euro-communism ( there has to be someone that has the guts to nationalise infrastructure ala argentina ) . 
  if this does n't work , there are proper communists to vote for . 
  the greek people can vote for socialists , however that does n't mean that the eu has an obligation to give bailout money for them if they oppose conditions attached to them . 
  the greek people can also choose to default their debts , that is their freedom , but again there is no obligation for the eu to make sure greek businesses and banks wo n't go bankrupt . 
  the greek state can also nationalize their infrastructure , but they have to pay a compensation to the owners of that infrastructure , if they do n't , then they are braking eu regulations heavily . 
  actually i do n't understand the point nationalizing infrastructure like for example electricity production or distribution networks , the nordic countries have all that privatized for ages and the price of energy determined in an energy market , and still energy and energy transmission prices are on of the lowest in the eu . 
  so is nationalization really the answer or is the problem something else ? 
  average citizen in countries like romania and bulgaria have things lot worse than average citizen in greece . 
  that is the main thing and that is the thing that will dictate from where money is taken and where it is going to be used . 
  the whole eastern europe has on average lower living standards than the greeks . 
  that is a fact . 
  in the future all southern european economies have to get used to the idea that they will turn from net benefiters to net payers in the union , that their tax money is used somewhere else . 
  it does n't matter on what the debt-to-gdp ratio is or what the deficit is , italy has been a net payer for ever , so will have to other southern states become too . 
  with money comes obligations , there is no free lunch . 
  if you want money more money to flow from richer countries to poorer countries you have to accept that there will be federal controllers that are going to make sure that the money is well spend . 
  however , you do understand that in federal europe greece would be considered a moderately rich country that would need to send money into poor ex-communist and ex-soviet countries . 
  not to mention that if and when the union enlarges to ukraine and belarus , those two countries need the money much more than any of the current eu states . 
  the northern you go , the harder it becomes to survive . 
  either things work as you planned or you die during the winter . 
  the eu does n't care about who you vote , what they remind is that anyone in power will have to accept that they are n't free from the consequences of their actions . 
  if whatever party comes into power in the next election and decides not to follow austerity program , then the eu will not give any bailout money . 
  however , my question was directed on how has the eu intervened in the last 20 years as the previous poster claimed . 
  can you specify how the eu intervenes exactly ? 
  so you are n't saying that people from other eu countries should pay the expenses of the greek state ? 
  it is not the business of the european union to intervene to internal matters of member states that it has n't been given authority to do so . 
  if member states want the eu to intervene to their internal matters , then the member states and their citizens have to give up of their sovereignty more to do so . 
  i beg to differ , the [ gdp per capita in ppp ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=gdp+per+capita+ppp+greece ) and nominal values are much higher today than they were before the euro . 
  however if you define the state of the economy by measuring on how many people were unemployed and how the society redistributed money , then yes , today 's economy is much worse for many . 
  but that is an internal choice that the greek people and the government had made . 
  previously the state created jobs and redistributed wealth by printing out money , hence the high inflation . 
  now the state ca n't do that anymore - the only way for the state to do the same is to actually tax the people . 
  what you want to ask is why are n't the greeks willing to be taxed . 
   if for some reason eu keeps supporting the policies and politicians that brought greece to this and ignoring the monopolistic nature of greek economy is n't that more or less blaming the eu ? 
  are you saying that it is europe 's fault that greek constitution has tax free status for shipping ? 
  the greek economy was in much worse shape before the euro , the difference is that there is different distribution of people that are taking the pain . 
  take a look at [ inflation history in greece ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=inflation+in+greece+history ) . 
  previously there were too people who got left behind inflation , their wages did n't rise , their savings lost their value ... now the pain is mostly taken by people who are dependent on the state , either being employed by it or receiving benefits from it . 
  that is quite impressive amount of translation work done . 
  how much does the books cost ? 
  i think that one of the reason why there are almost no translation of educational and science books from english to finnish that any book would be prohibitively expensive , in my opinion even the book i mentioned is prohibitively expensive . 
  in our university we had [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sears-zemanskys-university-physics-edition/dp/0201603225/ref=pd_sim_sbs_b_1 ) for our physics courses ... 
  he has graduated from university and been long in the politics , how in the hell he is n't able to speak better english ? 
  i could n't have graduated from the university if i would n't have had good english skills : most of the scientific articles and literature are in english . 
  there are exports and then there are exports . 
  the problem on looking at european export/import statistics is that european manufacturing networks are european wide , you have multiple suppliers and contractors in different countries taking part to the same manufacturing process : a german supplier exports a component to a french company , the french company assembles it with their part and exports it to another german company that makes the final assembly and then exports it out of the eu . 
  now this was a simple example , in reality parts and components jump from country to country multiple times , ballooning up the export/import statistics . 
  you also should not only look on german exports/imports , you should also look on the balance of payments that includes payments from services , licenses , dividends , etc. . that increases much the importance of the extra-european trade . 
  china is a market , india is a market , latin america is a market , russia is a market - these are the are markets where export driven european economies export and grow , not southern europe . 
  countries largely take positions that benefit or are at least neutral to their corporations and workers . 
  even if you are highly minded politician , you will face political reality that is largely created and influenced by corporations and unions . 
  thus if you are going to make a simulation of a treaty negoation , you have to count in the diverse interests that different groups in different societies play .
