  as for the balts , i agree they would probably rather join a more integrated union but i was actually including them in `` some eastern european countries '' rather than in nordic countries . 
  true finns are history , their support has already declined and if and when they loose big time in the next municipal elections , the party has lost its edge and wo n't ever return to its peak . 
  another thing eating their support that other parties have moved to cover their central ground , be it immigration or social policies . 
  in case of finland and our aaa-rating , that rating has as much to do with being in the euro as it has with our industrial base . 
  if we still would have had our own currency we would have been hit by speculative attacks and that would have taken our aaa-rating . 
  also how would you propose giving up the euro , it is impossible to abandon usage of euro without having our economy collapse . 
   i disagree , it would simply be a reversal to the efta . 
  remember , we 're talking in the context of a true european federation . 
  so you 'd have a very integrated european union and some countries leaving the eu for the efta with the european economic area still allowing free trade between the two . 
  but members of the efta would not be linked politically to a federal eu . 
  the problem of efta was that it did n't have large enough stick to carry around . 
  the eu has a big stick and it can always threaten any other country or a trade block with a trade war , this essentially shield member states from external pressure . 
  for example just few years ago the us sent the finnish state a nasty letter that urged us to change our generic medicine legislation , thanks to being in the eu , our government had the ability to put the letter straight into garbage bin . 
  the same is also true with both russia and china - if you do n't have big stick with you , you will be railed under . 
   personally i would be fine with such a scenario . 
  it 's one thing for states not to want deeper integration but northern countries ( also including the uk ) sometimes even block other countries from deeper integration . 
  with a clear split between a federal eu and a renewed efta , i think everybody would be pleased and nobody would feel left out . 
  that is nice and all , but at the end of the line , you either are with us or you are against us . 
  federal europe would have much bigger stick than renewed efta and in time there would repercussions to that fact . 
  personally i believe that after the current economic crisis is over the eu commission should start just sacking up sanctions to countries that have n't joined the euro and are n't seen making progress to join it as their eu accession treaties require them to do . 
  you are either in the euro or out of the single market . 
  i do n't think so , nordics would definatively be in . 
  currently finland and estonia are already eurozone members and denmark has begged its currency to euro . 
  in the future denmark and the rest of the balts will join the eurozone , atleast at this point sweden will also feel pressure to join the euro . 
  norway will join the eu and euro when their oil and gas revenues will dry up . 
  and if we speak about nordic free trade area , that simply just wo n't work because nordic economies are highly integrated with both the global and central european economy . 
  any disruption to the current single market and currency would more or less kill economies of nordic countries . 
  if the new government does n't follow the austerity program then the eu and the imf will not release new funds for the greek state . 
  if and when the greek state will not get bailout funds , they will have to default on their loans , which will most severely hit greek banks and pensions funds , which the greek state ca n't bailout as they do n't have the money . 
  you do understand that both greece and spain are suffering from first world problems ? 
  and because these are first world problems the sums attached to them ridiculously high . 
  the first rescue package for greece measured in 110 billion euro , and saving spanish banks will cost at least that , not to mention what the state would need . 
  this means that russia ca n't afford , no us congress or president can give it without popular uprising and the chinese are too afraid to do anything , not to mention that they have the mother of real estates bubbles under way in home . 
  nope . 
  both greece and spain have first world problems that with the rest of the world either ca n't help or would n't never ever be interested to help with . 
  can they really do this with publicly traded state companies ? 
  to me this seems like direct intervene of majority share holder into operational functioning of companies , which brakes the principle of equality of share holders . 
  also is this really for the benefit of shareholders , because this will lead good managers jumping the ship to other corporations that have better compensations , thus causing a brain drain in these companies with a pay cap . 
  if europe could n't rely to nato and the us , it would still do all the things that it has done to this day . 
  things such as a missile shield is highly critical for the defence of europe , because of the threat created by small extra-european rogue countries and russia that has n't disarmed its nuclear arsenal and that has n't integrated closely with the west . 
  the reason why eu and us have many common policies because they are both highly developed and rich democracies whose success is dependent on having a peaceful and market friendly global world economy . 
  with english yes , with swedish no . 
  basically work places can be divided into two categories , those where you definitely need finnish and those were you can cope with english . 
  however in ostrabotnia there probably are jobs where it is better to know how to speak swedish than to speak neither finnish or english . 
  same with finland and helsinki , except that you can still find a place to live more or less easily if you are either willing to pay or willing to live somewhere else than the centre . 
   we 're tough with money because we ca n't avoid it . 
  what the fuck do you think you would do , if your ancestors were so screwed with that inflation ? 
  we 're born this way . 
  that 's why we wanted the ecb in frankfurt . 
  the german and the french states concentrated from the beginning to save their banks from going bust , and that was largely achieved by making the whole eurozone take part to the bailout operation . 
  more honest solution would have moved banking and financial authority to the eu and made the ecb final backer of fdic and sec kind of like organization . 
  of course this is n't solely the fault of germans , but all eurozone countries because some reason not one of them have had the balls to say it out loud . 
   we think we 're more efficient because we 're germans . 
  in reality , we 're efficient because americans made us to be . 
  their industry helped our industry . 
  eu adopted favourable measures for us and there you have it . 
  germany is moderately efficient , but that is n't thanks to americans , but due to both german engineering and work culture . 
  also eu has n't adopted favourable measures for germany , eu has adopted market friendly measures that many times germany has opposed for mundane reasons , like opposing liberation of energy and service markets . 
  and by the way , market friendly measures are for the benefit of everybody . 
  4x4 , all wheel drive , the ultimate driving experience - made by franco-german engineers . 
  it is not that long ago , approx 30 years , when finns used to immigrate into sweden to not only have higher wages and standard of living , but to have a job . 
  both of my parent immigrated into sweden in the 70s and returned to finland in the 80s when the finnish economy started to do better . 
  if there are no jobs in poland , or jobs that pay high enough wages , then its better for both the people and the country that people immigrate . 
  when things get better people will return not only bringing themselves but new capital and knowlege earned in countries where they worked . 
  another thing is that what else can you really expect after almost 50 years of communism ? 
  just compare the amount of infrastructure in western germany to poland , or the amount of world class knowledge based corporations , there is huge difference and those are elements contributing on why polish earn less , they produce less . 
  in time this will of course change , there will be more polish home grown corporations and many more international corporations will locate there . 
  it just takes lot of time . 
  west germans were willing to spend money to former east germany as the federal republic took it over completely . 
  there probably would be much more willingness to spend money to greece if it would become part of germany , but as this is n't the case the common man does n't really have much will to see his money flow to some other place . 
  east german companies were failed companies in every sense . 
  unfortunately they were n't just failed companies , they were dangerous companies to the environment and the general public . 
  the cost of cleaning up the environmental damage caused by east german industries were at the beginning estimated to be around 100 billion dm , but later the figures rocketed to 400 billion dm . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.mongabay.com/history/germany/germany-the_environment_climate.html ), 
  printing money just moves money from holders of cash to the state . 
  if the state needs more money , the right and transparent thing to do is to raise taxes . 
  others have already examples for you . 
  i will add a more recent example , [ estonia ] ( http://www2.macleans.ca/2011/11/15/miracle%e2%80%94or-just-smart-management/ )  beginning in 2009 , the estonian government undertook a policy of `` fiscal retrenchment '' -- it tanked its own economy , basically , cutting spending and raising taxes even as the rest of the west indulged in a binge of keynesian excess . 
  between 2000 and 2007 , estonian gdp climbed an average of eight per cent per year . 
  in 2009 , it tumbled 14 per cent . 
  unemployment hit 19 per cent that year , and wages , in the private and public sectors , were slashed , in some cases by as much as 40 per cent . 
  and if we go back to the situation in greece . 
  the thing is that greeks can decide , but their problem is that because of ineffective state bureaucracy , anything else than rudimentary cuts to outgoing money flows ca n't be done in short time span . 
  if the greeks could make other cuts or raise their tax collection reliably then they could do something else , but as they do n't , the only option is to cut money flows . 
  it has worked before , it will work again . 
  in case of people inside greece , the thing is , it is the internal matter of greeks on how will they share burden of austerity . 
  there is nobody saying that the greek state ca n't pay unemployment benefits or pay people to re-educate . 
  however somebody has to pay for that , and the pay for that can only come from people still working . 
  now it is up to greeks themselves to ask themselves do they have solidarity to their other citizens or not , will working people decrease their own consumption to allow others to fare or not . 
  if there is no solidarity between the greeks , and if they do n't take up austerity measures , then the state will go bankrupt . 
  that is the reality . 
  of course , and that is the way it should be . 
  if we want to invest into countries and help them develop , then we give them development aid . 
  the imf is not a charitable organization , it is allowed to take risks that no other private investor would take , because countries investing to it think that for the sake and stability of the world economy , it is much better to some times take a risk for a lost cause than not to . 
  so you are saying that the imf should just throw its money to failed economies and never expect to be paid back ? 
  you do understand that with that kind policy there soon would n't be imf as countries would pull back the moneys that they have invested into it . 
  before the euro , greece virtually lived from its exporting and service industries , either they earn hard currency that enabled them to buy vital imports such as energy , or the country would go bust . 
  the same is actually true with the whole eurozone , either the euro countries export goods and services that enables to buy imports or the whole economy completely shut-downs . 
  i would also like to note that employment of people is not an means to an end . 
  if people are unproductive , if the result of their work does n't contribute to generation of more goods and services , then it is the same as if they were unemployed - they are only consuming , not producing .
