  it was not only the camp where the refugees were shot ; the greatest parts of the dissidents were also killed here , as well as those who had been found to be traitors , and especially the wealthy locals . 
  the shootings only took place in the evening hours . 
  soon the ground around the camp was filled with bodies . 
  from day to day more people were put on the death list . 
  the were transported to different places in the vicinity of cilli , especially to the mine huda jama near lasko/t \u00fcffer , the natural cave near hrastnik , to the kosnica , and probably to some other places too . '' ( report from the extermination camp t\u00fcchern ), 
  the girls had a good song and performance , and they were good looking ... 
  i would have given them a cheer no matter what :d, 
  but what is mother russia ? 
  some would probably say that ... * all slavic world is part of mother russia , poles and czechs just have n't been civilized yet * all parts of the former russian empire are part of mother russia , they have just been temporarily parted ways * all parts of the soviet union are part of mother russia , current state is just a temporary set back what the russians think is irrelevant as long as xenophobia , nationalism and belief on right to expand are at the hurt of the russian political culture . 
  if the people in kremlin would have their way , there would be nato and no nato , there would only russian sphere of influence where neighboring countries would be `` sovereign '' . 
  it is curious to think that russians think that they have the right to subjugate even a larger number of people than they themselves form . 
  there are more than 150 million people in eastern europe , 200 if you count ukraine and baltic states together , but no - these people should n't be free , they should be under the sphere of influence of russia and to server russian interests . 
  thus there is no reason to take russian people and their will in consideration in regards to countries other than russia . 
  it is not the business of russian people to decide what ukraine can or ca n't do , the same goes with belarus , kazakhstan etc. . . and this point must be driven to them . 
   insurrections - in plural , even ? 
  the chechen guerrillas are , for better or worse , a pale shadow of what they once were , barely surviving in the highest of mountains . 
  i ca n't think of any other place in the russian federation where there is anything remotely like an `` armed insurrection '' going on -- certainly not dagestan . 
  what were you thinking of ? 
  yes , especially in dagestan ... * [ dagestan : new epicenter of muslim terrorism in russia ] ( http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4172/dagestan-terrorism-russia ) * [ dagestan and russia 's long war ] ( http://content.time.com/time/photogallery/0,29307,2008561,00.html ) just think about what would the caucasus region look alike if the west started to pour money and resources for every and anyone fighting against russia ? 
    in the last case i would gladly give blessing to fund anyone operating in russia to make the country burn . 
   an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  unstopped russian aggression will lead into even more deaths . 
  it is not acceptable that freedom of 42 million people in ukraine can be sacrificed for an nation that has during its history tried to eradicate ukrainian language and culture . 
  enough is enough . 
  russian fascism needs to die . 
  there are already armed insurrections in russia . 
  the only thing that us and other western countries need to do is to fuel them . 
  for example fund and arm rebels in dagestan or chechnya , not to mention all other possible minority groups in russia which are unsatisfied with russian rule . 
  just think about the russian reaction if chechen rebels would suddenly get their hands on manpads and start to down commercial airliners all around russia . 
  the question is n't could n't the us and the west make russia burn from the inside , the question is , is that really necessary . 
  it might be if russia tries to annex also eastern ukraine or in a worse case scenario , try to annex the whole ukraine . 
  in the last case i would gladly give blessing to fund anyone operating in russia to make the country burn . 
  just imho ... 
  i think that we put too much emphasis on independent , critical and creative thinking . 
  the focus should first be on teaching basic skills and building knowledge , after that has been achieved , the focus can shift to thinking independently , critically or creatively . 
  the reason for why i think this way is that i have seen too much cases of just thinking independently or critically without adequate skill set or knowledge base . 
  some times it is just ridiculous how badly people want to be independent thinkers when they clearly do n't have the capability for it . 
  i blame younger generations on being too soft , both the children and their parents . 
  everybody wants easy life , no one wants to work hard . 
  that is a sad answer , you do n't even bother to write your own text , just spin words . 
  yes , and nazi germany was n't really an nationalist socialist state . 
  if just they could have implemented it as it was designed , then there would be paradise on earth ... yeah , sure . 
   the genocide of the native americans/indians for the sake of land and business , in the name of `` manifest destiny '' ; not due to capitalism , due to nationalism . 
   the enslavement of black africans and their subsequent distribution across the colonial countries around the world to work in horrific conditions , suffering frequent abuse and torture , also often dying at the workplace ; not due to capitalism , due to nationalism , xenophobia and ideas about racial supremacy . 
   the people who , pre-1900 ( roughly ) died due to irresponsibility on behalf of the capitalists during the industrial revolution and their carelessness with workers , many of whom -- men , women and children -- dying due to industrial accidents , living in cramped and horrid conditions ; nobody forced people to move to a city and deciding to work in a factory , people did that freely because while life was poor in newly build cities and work was dangerous in factories , it was better than life in country side being as an agricultural or manual labor . 
   the millions in the third world who go without suitable pay , and thus suitable clothing , food , shelter , water -- all basic necessities of life -- because corporations perpetually exploit the plant genetic resources and abundance of desperate labour available , many of whom die owing to disease/infection , starvation among other things ; problems in the third word are mostly caused by over population , population growth exceeds the economy 's ability to grow , thus leading to decline of living conditions . 
  the answer to fix this is not to import wealth and material resources from other places , but to decrease population growth . 
  that is why china and chinese are doing much better than india and indians . 
   the thousands upon thousands of people who have died across the years in wars in the middle east , many of which began on false bases but ironically ended out with military-protected oil plants , factories , etc. 
  dotted around the countries invaded ; not the cause capitalism , everything to do with nationalism and power plays . 
   the thousands and thousands who , even in the uk , die each winter due to fuel poverty , or the failure to supply decent heat to households . 
  most of the victims are the elderly ; you blame capitalism for the fact that people have either been to cheap or lazy to insulate and fix heating of the buildings where they live at ? 
   some half a million people in the uk who have to resort to food aid -- a pool that 's ever-expanding . 
  thanks to uk being a capitalistic country , uk is able to provide these people food that would otherwise starve . 
   around a million communists were killed in indonesia in the span of about a year . 
  indonesia was the big domino that the us did n't want to fall . 
  it had the third largest communist party in the world at the time . 
  the recent documentary the act of killing is a fascinating peek into the minds of the people who committed these atrocities . 
  south korea had several massacres of communists and communist sympathizers during the korean war . 
  totals are hard to find but the bodo league massacre alone is reported to have resulted in 100,000-200 ,000 deaths . 
  and many more lives were saved by not allowing communists to take over . 
   i 'm sick and tired about hearing about the `` evils of communism '' from people who refuse to look past their own nose . 
  perhaps analyze the system you live in and bear in mind that , just because you may live comfortably , does n't mean everybody does . 
  there is a class struggle going on already , with or without communist theory to describe it . 
  you are no better than an holocaust denier . 
  by actively denying the crimes of communism and the inherit evil of it , you are no better than the mass murderers of history and their cohorts . 
  that is just play with words and does n't convince any one . 
  the communist manifesto itself starts from class struggle , from armed struggle , from the genocide of an social class - everything which has been implemented in practice in real life . 
  now compare that to classic or modern texts concerning capitalism . 
  do you see that they give braise to destruction of human life ? 
  no , you do n't , because they start from totally different mindset , from creating value , not from battling for power . 
  when put in use in real life , capitalism has made all countries which have braised it more wealthier and richer than they ever have been . 
  the best places in earth are capitalistic countries where material wealth and quality of life are top of the line . 
  that is a fact that ca n't be denied . 
  94 million people have been put to death by communism . 
  i think that is enough evidence that communism belongs to the same trash can as national socialism . 
  communism in practice is an ideology of death which praises armed struggle between citizens and embraces genocide of one segment of the society . 
  while banning parties or ideologies does go against democratic values , in practice we have to put a stop sign on somewhere . 
  in the case of communist parties , because of their violent history and despise of human rights , it is more than adequate and necessary for the protection of society and human race to prevent them for ever taking power again . 
  well , national socialist party is banned for example in germany on the basis that it and its ideology is hostile and against democratic state and its values . 
  on that same basis one could also ban communist party , and many countries have just done for example in eastern european countries . 
   i agree that the west should have helped russia and all the other former soviet republics after the fall of the ussr ( the way we helped germany and japan after wwii ) . 
  after the second world war 75 % of the german industrial infrastructure was still intact . 
  it was the civilian city centers that laid in ruins . 
  the recovery of germany after the world had little to do with marshall help and everything to do with allowing german companies again to operate and trade with the rest of the world . 
  the difference between post-war germany and the post-war ex-soviets was that the industrial infrastructure in the east was nearly worthless . 
  even worses thing was that due to communism , monetary economy had almost died and been replaced with command and barter economy - in short , there was no knowledge of prices and pricing . 
  but , the most important thing difference between germany/japan and ex-soviets namely russia was that germany/japan were forced to concentrate on internal growth and internal politics instead of external and expansive policies . 
  while ussr lost the cold war , russia that was formed after it , was n't a defeated nation - there was no external or internal authority to only concentrate on internal growth alone . 
  on these basis i have to say that there was n't really ways the west as political entity could have helped russia and other post-soviet countries . 
  however those countries who allowed the markets to function , quickly got foreign direct investments and that helped them to bounce back quicker and more effectively . 
   personally in the case of ukraine i think the only way we can ever improve is by making a cultural shift . 
  i hope for the best but things wont change until people change . 
  yes . 
  that is mostly true , however there probably was already a culture shift , if there would n't have been , there would n't been the 2004 revolution and not the 2013 revolution . 
  now the only question is if there is enough political infrastructure in the country to continue with reforms and does the new leadership and post-election leadership keep it clear what their vision of new ukraine is . 
   you do n't die if government accountants fuck up your taxes . 
  furthermore , on the note of taxes , everyone already pays for the security the military provides , so it 's not like the general population is not contributing to general security . 
  i pay around 20 to 30k euros in taxes per year . 
  if i include pension contributions then it is approx 30 to 45k .
