  the reason why i want to avoid comparison to nazis is that rhetoric like that does n't solve this issue at all , and more importantly plays to the hands of extremists , by making it acceptable for political speak to move more into the area of agitation and hate speak . 
  the only way to tackle these political parties and their policies is to underline what they are talking about , and what the consequences of those policies would be . 
  and to continue more , i myself was appalled when i read one of the more popular internet forums dedicated to these people . 
  the two most hated political parties were the conservatives and the greens . 
  actually there was more hate against the conservative party and its supporters than against any other . 
  that is frightening . 
  accidenture is n't that bad company if you know with who you are dealing with and what to and what not to order from them . 
  in case of siemens , they have mixed bag of good and bad products , in automation system they are pretty stellar . 
  and in case of bribes , they are the way of the world in most of the world , in many third world countries you do n't only need funds to bribe , but funds to protect your employees from police abuse . 
  right or wrong that is how the world works and to require only western companies to behave makes them only relocate their activities to locales where they are able to compete . 
  how real are these damages ? 
  from what i have heard the thing was that siemens did have best offers , the reason why they bribed was that without bribing they would n't have won . 
  thus damages are only real if there was better provider that was n't selected due to bribes . 
  this is my opinion from my finnish point of view ... 
  these are not right-wing movements , these are essentially nationalist socialist movements , but please do n't mix this up with nazism , at least for the sake of conversation . 
  in my opinion these movements stem out of ignorance or rejection of both globalization and increased complexity of economy . 
  these people are confused and want return to simple times , perhaps to the world of 80s . 
  these movements are catering to this audience with a mixed up bag of policies : more social benefits for the poor ; more work by protecting domestic industries and using government to create work ; less regulations and more freedom to small entrepreneurs ; protecting the way-of-life by closing the country from foreigners ; etc. . . also another reason for these movements stemming is increased meritocracy that has deepened income divisions . 
  in good times deepening of income divisions was tolerated as everybody had hope for the future . 
  since the start of recession , outlook of for future has blackened especially in rural areas and in low-skilled and low-tech industries . 
  in the same time however high-tech and service sectors are still booming , gathering people around the world with pretty decent salaries . 
  it is hard for people to understand that we need more foreign workers especially in it and high-tech industries while many young people are out of work , and even more harder to accept that we need to settle and assimilate these people in order to succeed . 
  like i said before , these are nationalist socialist movements , they are n't right wing , they are mixed bag of old world thinking . 
  i wanted to make this clear as i myself am a conservative , and these people are so out of what is the traditional right that i do n't have right words to tell it . 
  edit : fixed some spelling mistakes . 
  please immediately report to your local health centre for antidepressants . 
  deserves him right !, 
  your friend should have bought a nokia . 
  euro was in works for more than 20 years before it was finally created . 
  and it was finally created by the creation of the single market that needed common currency to stabilize and secure it from currency fluctuations and government interventions to currency markets . 
  without euro there wo n't be no single market , that is something that everybody will start a miss in a while . 
  you do n't brake up what already works , you fix what does n't work . 
  that is why the european project has moved slowly , but surely , there has n't been great miss steps as there have n't been many great steps . 
  in general subsidies are very harmful for the economy , market distortions caused by them not only hurt the local economy , but also economies of other countries . 
  they also largely favour big countries that have the power to back their domestic industries until a point where they win over their competitors in smaller countries . 
  for small trading nations , it is vital that states do n't give subsidies , and its one of the best things that the eu has done in europe , levelled the playing field that businesses can compete in open and fair market . 
  i also reject the usage of the description neoliberal economic policy , it is an empty buzz word . 
  what the eu is doing is advancing pro-market economy policies , making the economic more free . 
  however pro-market economy policies are n't in conflict with for example pro-wellfare state policies . 
  the first is about allowing economic actors freedom of choice and keeping the state out of the market , while the later is largely about redistribution of money between individuals . 
  but if we go back to the shipyard , what you are forgetting from your calculation is there are potential costs on subsidizing the shipyard : capital tied into the business could be used elsewhere ; facilities could be used by someone else ; human resources could be used by other companies ; etc. . . you are also forgetting that by providing subsidies you take the pressure of from the owners and from the employees to perform better - they do n't have to as the state has their back . 
  that is again a potential cost . 
  what the subsidies in real are doing are wasting money and preventing the transformation of the economy that will sooner or later come . 
  i also do n't see that the eu policies are hindering installation of democracy , from my point of view it is the other way . 
  failure to advance pro-market economic policies have hindered growth and formation of the civil society supporting the democratic system . 
  one of the best examples on how pro-market economy policies can transform a country is estonia that has from the start embraced free economic policies . 
  with those policies they have made wonderful progress , their gdp nominal per capita is now 16880 usd , compare this for example to belarus ( 6118 ) or ukraine ( 3575 ) that have failed to embrace free market economy . 
  the fact of the matter is that the only way for countries to grow is by embracing market economy , and that is what the eu is advancing for , and rightly so . 
  idiotic article . 
  for example if shipbuilding in croatia is so successful industry in the country , why does it need subsidies ? 
  the answer is that it is n't successful industry , it is waste of money that the croatian state needs to stop . 
  us constitution of course , but we have to use more precise language thus the document wil itself will take approx . 
  100 to 200 pages and make constant referations to previous treaties , in total when combining all documents it should take only few thousand pages of text . 
  however the forming and translation process will take at least a decade so that the constitution is precisely the same in all eu languages . 
  one solution would be to fire both romania and bulgaria out of the european union . 
  or use the power of brussels to force these countries to deal with the issue and fix it on a threat of freezing or denying subsidies . 
  and again , your problems are causing both germans and us to use money to deal with problems that you have caused . 
  our money . 
  if you ca n't fix the problem you have caused , you could also pay other countries money to deal with the problems , that would be fair . 
  that is a solution too . 
  that is very clever of you , but i have to note that i 'm very disappointed to you and other in this thread . 
  instead of explaining why you think i see things wrong , you just shake your shoulders . 
  what you should really do is offer an explanation for example to the swedish welfare state , why and on basis on what is was conceived and to which reasons the scope and extend of it has been decreased in the last 20 years and not increased . 
  do remember that the swedish social democratic party has been in power for almost all of this period . 
  what is for example your explanation to [ million programme ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/million_programme ) ? 
  or how do you deal with the concept of [ national home/folkhemmet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/folkhemmet ) ? 
  firstly , there is another way presenting the people on streets and that is just calling them people from romania or bulgaria . 
  for some reason many people , especially people coming from those countries do n't like it all . 
  then there is the fact that hiding the problem by not calling on what it is does n't help to solve it . 
  secondly , it costs our money to keep our streets clean from romanian and bulgarian beggars and criminals . 
  and it is n't that easy . 
  what do we do with a romanian/bulgarian caught begging , give a ticket when we know that a ) the person does n't have money to pay it , and b ) there is no way to force the person to pay it in the future , of course we could legislate begging to be worth jail time , but that costs even more money , keeping people in jail is n't free . 
  the same goes with illegal camps , when you tell them to go , they only go to another places , again giving tickets or throwing them into jail does n't help . 
  and you know what , i do n't care how romania and bulgaria solve this issue , their citizens are causing nuisances and crimes everywhere in europe . 
  i think you should pay up your citizens on not leaving the country , it does n't matter that you are poor , some of your citizens are poorer than others , pay them up !, 
  and if you ca n't do that , then you should very well be quit when we describe and deal with problems caused by romanian and bulgarian people wondering in our streets . 
  i describe what i see . 
  traditionally the left has contributed almost all ills of society due to being caused by lack of money and material wealth . 
  in nordic states the welfare state has largely been build up on this idea that by throwing more and more money at problems they will eventually fix . 
  however what time has shown is that people are not that simple and that throwing more money does n't fix things . 
  people do n't eat that anymore . 
  this is the reason why support for left has decreased , they do n't have to offer an solution to a society . 
  incidentally i would contribute the raise of conservative party and the populists basic finns on that they still offer an solution to fix the society , but they are more build on values . 
  the conservative party stresses individuals and individual freedom and responsibility as key on making the society better . 
  the basic finns on the other stress collective values and collective moral on being key drivers of the society . 
  you know what , i think that you are projecting the problems of your society into other societies . 
  let me tell hypothesis to you ... all romanian and bulgarian gipsies that i see in helsinki have a very dark skin complexion , they look more like indians or pakistanis , some look like north-africans . 
  in romania and bulgaria you identify gipsies from their looks , you straight away identify everyone with a darker skin or complexion on being a gipsy . 
  however in finland many roma either have light dark complexion or not at all due to mixed heritage . 
  in addition to that finnish society has become more multiracial and tolerant due to adoption from foreign countries , mixed marriages , refugees and work related immigration . 
  if you have darker skin in here it really does n't tell anything , you can be an average finn or an engineer from india working for the nsn/nokia . 
  the color of skin does n't matter . 
  if you are roma from romania or bulgaria and you dress like everybody else and act like everybody else then you are treated like everybody else as nobody knows your background . 
  and in case you tell somebody of your background , they do n't associate it to gipsies begging in the streets , because you clearly are n't one of them . 
  so what is the problem ? 
  let me tell you what is the problem , the problem is that both romania and bulgaria have caused a gipsy problem on to our streets . 
  we did n't have beggars , we did n't have illegal camps before these countries became eu members and enabled their minority groups to spread all over europe . 
  that is fact . 
  and as the summer comes there will be more beggars and other people causing general nuisance around the streets . 
  there is a real problem of gipsies around here and that is fault of both romania and bulgaria and they have to start doing something to it .
