  nordic countries have always been very individualistic . 
  this can very much be contributed to the fact that nordics have been full of small independent farmers and for every new generation there has been wilderness to take and claim . 
  this individualism was even more amplified by storskiftet that divided village communities all over sweden-finland to small independent farms . 
  not to mention there has been long history of having a independent justice system where even peasants could have appealed to the king if they have felt that they have been wrongly judged . 
  this is very unique in the world . 
  not to mention that western civilization itself emphasises individuals that it inherited both from ancient rome and how christianity was applied into roman context . 
  now if you do n't believe me , please do familiarize yourself with [ hofstede cultural dimensions ] ( http://geert-hofstede.com/countries.html ) . 
  for example lets compare finland and pakistan in hofstede dimensions ... * power distance - finland 33 vs. pakistan 55 - power distance is defined as the extent to which the less powerful members of institutions and organisations within a country expect and accept that power is distributed unequally . 
  * individualism - finland 63 vs. pakistan 14 - the fundamental issue addressed by this dimension is the degree of interdependence a society maintains among its members . 
  it has to do with whether people \u00b4 s self-image is defined in terms of `` i '' or `` we '' . 
  * masculinity / femininity - finland 26 vs. pakistan 50 - the fundamental issue here is what motivates people , wanting to be the best ( masculine ) or liking what you do ( feminine ) . 
  * uncertainty avoidance - finland 59 vs. pakistan 79 - the extent to which the members of a culture feel threatened by ambiguous or unknown situations and have created beliefs and institutions that try to avoid these is reflected in the uai score . 
  so cultures are the same ? 
   or what ? 
  in the situation if i were to move to finland would you kick me out if i reject becoming finnish ? 
  why are you telling me what to do and what to think ? 
  as long as i learn your language and live a normal life you ca n't do anything and you should n't want to do anything if you actually believe in individual freedom . 
  you do n't deserve citizenship with that attitude because you are n't finnish . 
   if there is a sizable minority which requests the building to either be built , converted from any other type of building , or even a permit they should be denied because you want to `` preserve '' your culture ? 
  denying a permit would be against freedom of religion . 
  they are after all paying tax and they are likely to want to as much as possible collaborate . 
  what about finnish jews ? 
  jews have been in europe for a very long time . 
  why ca n't you respect someone else 's culture and heritage ? 
  not everybody is as lucky as you who can practice it without being prosecuted . 
  minorities can do what they want with their money , if they want to build their shrine , then that is their prerogative . 
  however the finnish state will expect that your children learn finnish , they go to school that will instil state sanctioned values and beliefs that will make them able to function in the society and with good luck help them abandon ways that have no place in modern society . 
  and again , you can be jew , muslim or christian , but if you are in finland , then you better be finnish , that is only thing that counts . 
   i do n't want to comment on your remark that you think finnish culture is superior to many other ones . 
  finland has an excellent society but not definitely perfect with your condescending attitude to other cultures . 
  finland is rich , liberal , with good education and good health . 
  those are the reasons many other countries look up to finland , not because of moomin or your traditional foods . 
  no other country is enforcing their way of life onto finland , but with your attitude you are enforcing all non-finns to become finns regardless if they want it or not . 
  was there any infrastructure when finland became independent ? 
  cause if there was then that 's one of the reasons finland is successful . 
  also finland did n't have to struggle with countless dictatorships after independence . 
  which seems to be a common denominator in middle eastern and african countries . 
  finnic people have inhabited finland for thousands of years , ever since the last ice age can finnish track their lineage here . 
  ever since those times the people and their society have been under development . 
  there was finnish people and nation long before the independence . 
  what goes to economic development , when finland became independent , it was one of the poorest nations in europe , in less than 100 years the country has become one of the richest countries in the world . 
  under that time there has been one civil war , wars with ussr and germans , and loose of big areas of country , and resettlement and rebuilding periods . 
  this country is n't rich because it has natural richness , not because of infrastructure , but how its people form society and how they interact with each others . 
  people make country rich . 
  and to remind you , nobody forces people to come finland . 
  this is our country , this is our way of life , if you want to become finnish and work for it , then there are opportunities for that , but you are not welcomed here permanently if you do n't want to become part of us . 
   that should be their choice to assimilate or not . 
  and if were to be grown up here and your parents would actually try then you 'd have two native languages . 
  in sweden we would have supported you to be finnish if that is what you would want by giving you the privilege to study finnish after school . 
  in primary school if you live in an area with high concentration of finnish , you will start your school with finnish , but you will then move to use only swedish in school . 
  in time you will become completely swedish because you are absorbed by swedish culture and the way of life . 
  you may know how to talk your parents native language , but does n't make you finnish , just somebody who knows how to speak finnish . 
   one does n't raise a problem about integration by first citing statistics which are related to immigration . 
  people who raise these statistics care about numbers . 
  they want to halt immigration and deport any immigrant who commit crimes , even if it could result to their death . 
  they do n't want any other solutions . 
  they ignore the problem which leads to crimes . 
  what is being done to prevent crimes committed by poor immigrants ? 
  halting immigration and deporting ones who become criminal ? 
  that does n't seemed to have worked elsewhere . 
  you yourself make the jump to halting immigration completely . 
  what i 'm saying and many others are too that we need to put a limit to immigration , we need to define a count that we can commit to , that we can provide needed language courses , culture courses , vocational or other education , housing , money , etc. . . 
  so that they do n't just end up in one problem housing estate without job , without way to become employed , without being able to assimilate to the local culture . 
  and no , this is n't just about money . 
  this is about culture beliefs . 
  for example for children of immigrants to succeed in finland , they need to be instilled belief that education is important , that getting a occupation or degree is must to get a job . 
  not to mention cultural values , respect for individual freedom and gender equality . 
  for example it is not acceptable for parents to circumcision their girls , it is not acceptable that girls or boys are send back to their home country if they do n't behave as their parents want . 
  those are all against values of the finnish society . 
   one of my best friends is english-born-sudanese and he has spent almost all of his life in sudan , now he is living and studying in the uk . 
  to make a broad generalisation by saying `` they have a different culture '' is incorrect because it includes him and he is not an exception because there are plenty of immigrants who live good and normal lives . 
  the difference between him and refugees are that they come from completely different socioeconomic backgrounds and have completely different opportunities in life . 
  and i have many somali friends who are refugees , who did assimilate to this society so that their children are fully finnish in every sense . 
  however not all somalis are have succeeded in settling here , on becoming finnish . 
  and the only way they can become finnish is to address the group , look on what is happening and figure out what can be done to fix them . 
  if you just deny that for example immigrants make more rapes per capita than native finns , then you are not ever going to find out that yes some cultures do disrespect women and have very misogynists views . 
   i do n't know what mistakes you are talking about but assimilation is wrong . 
  a country should never ask its immigrants and refugees to give up their traditions , religion , customs , and language . 
  especially since many refugees do n't have their own country ( like kurds , roma , and jews before israel ) . 
  however they should function in society as any other civilian like paying taxes and not committing crimes . 
  if the minority is sizable then they should receive their own cultural centers or places of worship because they pay tax . 
  if there many different cultures then maybe a law should change how some certain holidays/religious events function . 
  one gets x amount of `` free days '' which they can only spend on days which has a tradition . 
  this way all people can celebrate their traditional and religious holidays plus it could be more practical as non-christians would work during christmas . 
  there does n't need to be assimilation , people just have to be able to live with each other in peace . 
  this is finland , this is home to the finnish nation , to finnish culture , to finnish way of life . 
  if you come and settle here , you are expected to become finnish , you will abandon your own culture and you will assimilate . 
  that is how it has always been , and that is how it should be in the future . 
  our culture is different and unique from other cultures and we respect our culture and heritage , we keep it so . 
  not to mention that i myself think that current finnish culture and society are superior to many other cultures . 
  we are one of the richest and most developed countries in the world and that is not because we have good soil or lots of natural riches , it is because our culture and society have adopted successful ways to live , function and compete globally . 
  we do n't need to export or enforce our way of life to people in other countries , but people who come here need adopt our way of life , not the other way . 
   if you would ever move to sweden , would you assimilate and give up your finnish culture ? 
  because that 's exactly what you 're saying and i 'm hoping you 've misunderstood what the term assimilation really means . 
  yes and that is exactly how finnish immigrants have done . 
  i was actually born in sweden , my parents however made the decision to come back finland because they wanted their children to become finnish and live in finland . 
  if we would have staid , i would be talking swedish as my native language , and finnish in a very broken away , and that would have been just fine . 
  no problem :-), 
   go on using the term mass immigration without actually knowing what it means . 
  please whine more about the 10,000 somali refugees moving to sweden .
