  there is no real signs that things would have changed , that the culture that allowed public sector to fail , would have changed . 
  until that culture is changed , destroyed , then that long will markets price these countries with higher interest rates . 
  the way out of the crisis is to cut down public sector and allow private sector more freedom to organize itself as it wants . 
  that is how new businesses and innovations are born . 
  the market is the only judge there is , and if a country has high interest rates , then the judgement is that its outlook is not good enough or clear enough , thus requiring higher rates to cover higher risks . 
  just for the curiosity , what do you believe will happen to cyprus in a situation where the bailout is denied / not accepted ? 
  it would be really interesting to know to get some perspective . 
  how would the situation proceed ? 
  i have to say that i 'm astounded on how bloody stupid the writer of the article and the cypriot parliamentarians are ...  for the german delegation , the aim was to put an end to the cyprus economic model . 
  how can somebody even spout garbage like this ? 
  the fucking cypriot banks are finished , bankrupt , caput !, 
  the god damn banks and the cypriot state itself destroyed the cypriot economic model , if you can call harboring criminal activity and proceeds as such . 
  i have to say that i would hope that our politicians would grow some balls and veto the whole bailout plan . 
  no bailout , no problem !, 
  would be fun to see what kind of comments the cyprus mail would produce then . 
  and when is the right time ? 
  if the time was n't right before the economic crisis what makes you think that there will ever be right time ? 
  it is not really giving , they have to dump it somewhere and the spanish are friendly enough to take it without charging them . 
  next time the market situation in spain could be different and instead of portuguese `` giving '' electricity to spain , they could very well end up paying spanish to take it . 
  that was my point . 
  the question you want to ask is portugal in trouble because this down cycle has taken so long , or is there deeper problems with the portuguese economy ? 
  do remember that the world economy has been growing all the time , german economic engine has also been running at increasing speed the whole time . 
  the problem with portugal is that there are deep problems in it and the economy wo n't recover until those problems are solved . 
  throwing money wo n't help , it will just mask those problems and lead to path of slow growth or stagnation . 
  either you were sarcastic or you do n't know what happens in the power network ... 
  essentially the problem with renewable energy is that its output can vary greatly . 
  in some cases the output is too small and other power sources , for example gas powered generators have to kick in . 
  in other cases there is so much excesses amount of energy in the network that driving down other generators does n't help , in these cases that electricity needs to be dumped somewhere , as if it is not , then you will have major problems when the excesses power starts to wreck havoc in your network . 
  this is a major problem with renewable energy sources as usually network operators ca n't charge them for the costs associated on re-enforcing the network to handle much bigger outputs not to mention costs associated with building and operating backup generation capacity . 
  by the way , in finland industry pays 0.75 eur per kwh while in portugal industry needs to pay 0.101 and 0.124 in germany . 
  while germans can get some of their monies back due to many of german companies supplying and developing solar and wind generation equipment , in case of portugal that is not the case . 
  you are essentially in the same time wasting money and making your energy intense industries noncompetitive . 
   the conditions force countries to tackle the problems the hard way . 
  this is much more likely to avoid recurrence than a central government in brussels papering them over with cheap money and transfers . 
  short-term pain , long-term gain . 
  and your reason why this does n't work ? 
  if there would be eurobonds , there would also be eternal austerity . 
  land drones are poor match against a t-90 . 
  uav 's are a poor match against a su-27 . 
  and missile defense system , there is n't enough even now , and the only systems that will work after an initial strike are those that are offline and mobile . 
  in case of the finnish army , its peace time size is approx 15000 from which 8700 are professional soldiers . 
  in war time the army will size up to 350 thousand soldiers , previously it was 750 thousand , but the current doctrine emphases smaller , better equipped and mobile forces . 
  essentially every man is in reserve , after all conscription is mandatory for every male . 
   its not like the finnish people are not heavily armed and essentially all men are in what is basically a militia . 
  in 1939 that was more of the case , many owned riffles and practiced with them . 
  even today finland is ranked 4th on number of guns per capita . 
   did you know that militias regularly train and maintain readiness ? 
  apparently not . 
  and you do n't know what we for example in here would be up against . 
  lets say that in russia an evil putin would get into power and hypnotize all russians to support him to bring the ussr back and get some lands back that belonged to imperial russia . 
  the new soviet invasion would begin suddenly with a massive strategic strike against helsinki , the capital city , followed by mechanized infantry crossing the border at the same time ... * in the first 30 minutes of war , soviet air forces would strike with hundreds of fighters and cruise missiles against critical infrastructure and leadership , in the aim of shutting down supply of electricity , communications and leadership functions . 
  * in the next 120 minutes of war , finnish air forces would mobilize themselves and try to take back the finnish air space in southern finland and over the capital region . 
  in the same soviet amphibious and paratrooper units would have landed to helsinki taking over key locations , ministries and incapacitated/eliminated leadership . 
  * in the next 24 hours finnish standing army with mostly the help of conscripts in training would strike against the enemy in the capital via underground massive tunnel network , trying to take out occupying units and forming the initial ring around helsinki to take back the capital . 
  in the same in eastern border , finnish units would be busy destroying every bridge they can to slow down soviet mechanized infantry . 
  * in the next few days , depending on how bad the situation , the army would start to supply weapons and other supplies to conscripts around the country , either in orderly fashion or in sheer chaos . 
  * during the new two weeks , helsinki would turn into a hell on earth , street battles and air forces would level down most of the city , in the eastern finland there would be big battles against the invading force . 
  the thing with militias is that they are no match against a professional army and they certainly ca n't be mobilized in very short time . 
  like i said , the war would start with a strategic strike against the leadership and it would be the deciding factor on can the finnish forces mount an effective defense . 
   okay , i 'm fairly certain you have never studied military history . 
  i 'm fairly certain that you have never studied finnish history . 
   the cost/benefit analysis of invading a nation with an entire populace that is ready to pick up a gun leans pretty heavy in the cost direction . 
  like the soviet union invading finland in 1939 . 
   the only purpose of a standing army is to invade other nations and project military presence . 
  the purpose of standing army is to be able to react quickly against an sudden or quick enemy threat , being able to take the first strike and allow the rest of armed forces to be mobilized . 
  this is even more important with conscription army that needs even more time to be mobilized into a full readiness . 
  not to mention that some elements of armies need professionals , you have to have a professional air force , you need to have professional leadership and instructors to guide them . 
   edit : also , the other role of the standing army is to oppress the people/defend the ruling class . 
  of course coups can happen and the military itself becomes the ruling class . 
  i 'm not really seeing any oppression around here ... no offence , but that kind of arguments that you put out tells that you are not really into organizing a credible defense , but are more interested about politics . 
  well , gee , does he endorse the us does the same ? 
  that is just stupid , asymmetric warfare is only possible as long as the enemy decides to wage war in a civilized manner , in another words as long as they can afford to wage it so and still win it . 
  the moment the enemy decides to wage total war then everything is lost . 
  for example you ambush enemy using guerrilla tactics , the enemy retaliates by killing hundred civilians per every lost troop , even worse if the enemy would decide to just kill everybody . 
  the reason why we have armies , standing or conscription , is because we make sure that they are between the civilians and the enemy . 
  the only reason why a man decides to defend his country is because he goes to defend his family , wife , children , you name it ... 
  the moment the enemy lays hands on them , then it 's game over . 
  you are essentially right about this . 
  this is how it would work . 
  it would be very interesting to find out what kind of allocation and supervision mechanism different european countries would want to have . 
  i myself believe that having supervision mechanism would n't be alone enough , they would need federal police force , prosecutors and courts to make sure that for example that corruptions does n't turf rules in some regions or member states . 
  agreed , the article is written terribly . 
  and also i do n't understand either why this move was made . 
  i have nothing against depositors getting as much of their monies back as possible , but all depositors should be treated equally , it is very important for the sake of fairness , everything will be lost if it is seen from the point of view of ordinary cypriots that they have n't been treated fairly . 
  this is not about boc uk . 
  this is about branch of laiki in uk whose deposits are transferred to boc uk . 
  the transfer of those deposits is under question . 
  it was in the pot named laiki bank and those deposits belong to the estate of laiki bank which need to return them to depositors based on the bankruptcy legislation . 
  transferring directly them to bank of cyprus in uk puts depositors in the laiki bank in unequal position . 
  if depositors of laiki in uk can be transferred under the boc uk then why not depositors in cyprus and greece ? 
  this is all about laiki , the money that is in laiki . 
   as laiki operates as a `` branch '' in the uk , its depositors were covered by the cyprus government for the $ 100,000 ( # 85,000 ) european-wide guarantee in savings but could have been subject to levies above that level . 
   as laiki operates as a `` branch '' in the uk , its depositors were covered by the cyprus government for the $ 100,000 ( # 85,000 ) european-wide guarantee in savings but could have been subject to levies above that level . 
  this is the issue right here . 
  the money was n't in the uk , laiki was n't operating as a bank in uk , it was operating from cyprus and had just offices in london . 
  edit : the danger is here is that laiki estate will sue uk or cypriot states into court of allowing some depositors to transfer their monies away , thus putting creditors in unequal position , and try to get either uk or cyprus to compensate them the amount of money that would have been taken away from the depositors if they had stayed in laiki . 
  do you really think that it is good idea for uk to start paying good tax payers money in order to save foreign banks and their depositors ? 
  it is a matter of principle . 
  if a bank goes bankrupt then all of its depositors must be handled equally , does n't matter if offices are in london , nicopolis or athena . 
  you might want to give some sources that laiki 's branch in uk was n't regulated and guaranteed by the cypriot state , but uk instead ... for example if you would have looked the article ...  as laiki operates as a `` branch '' in the uk , its depositors were covered by the cyprus government for the $ 100,000 ( # 85,000 ) european-wide guarantee in savings but could have been subject to levies above that level .
