   if you have time , i 'll be thankful for some insights . 
  would you happen to have some sort of `` back to work scheme '' , if so , please share the nature of it . 
  are you outsourcing heavily ? 
  how far are you willing to cut wages to be competitive ? 
  is there deflation in finland ? 
  the problem in finland and also in many other countries is problem of rendezvous . 
  the first problem of rendezvous is location . 
  in finland most of the new jobs and growth industries are located in major cities like helsinki , tampere , turku , oulu , vaasa , etc. . . 
  however many unemployment job seekers live in small town and villages , hundreds of kilometers away from these centers . 
  the second problem of rendezvous is that finnish labor market is becoming highly divided , the only two sectors of employment that are growing are 1 ) those with low skills and low wage ; and 2 ) those with high-skills/knowhow and high wage . 
  medium skills and wage jobs are lost more and more due to automation . 
  this is a general world wide problem in all developed countries . 
  now how can we get people back to work ? 
  that is a good question ... 
  i do n't have a complete answer to it , but let me begin give some ideas via two problems of rendezvous ... 
  problem of rendezvous , as in problem with location ... * the easy answer is government should make it easier to relocate to bigger towns . 
  this can be done both by increasing building of public housing in cities that are suffering from high living costs . 
  for example in 2015 the city of helsinki will create only just over 200 rent-able apartments , this is just ridiculously low number of new public housing . 
  the city has to build more public housing that is affordable and to do it in a manner that does n't create ghettos for poor , but following the finnish model of building both private and public housing into a neighborhood . 
  * another answer is that government should invest into transport infrastructure and public transport so that it is more easier and economical for people to travel even longer distances to work . 
  of course many people do it already . 
  my first girlfriends father worked 250 km from their home during the weeks and returned for the weekends . 
  * the hard answer is that local authorities should identify current industrial clusters and companies involved them , and potential growth areas . 
  with this information they should try to remove obstacles for current companies to expand and new companies to be established . 
  they should also tailor local vocational , collage and university education to support these areas so that they will provide suitable workforce in the future . 
  luckily we have been doing this for the last 15 years , but we need to put more resources to it as results are not delivered quickly enough . 
  problem of rendezvous , as in problem with skills ... * education works already quite well , however what does n't work as well is life long education . 
  we have been preached for the last 20 years that everybody has to be prepared to learn for the whole life time . 
  essentially what this means is that we have to give better economical support for people who go to study to make a career choice , for example if a person has been unemployed certain number of time , a year or two , and after the unemployment official have deemed that person will not get employment with current skills , then he or she should be guided to a new vocational , collage or university training that should enable the person to be employed after getting the degree . 
  this guidance to re-education should be done with sticks and carrots to motivate people to try to make change in their life . 
  * making freelancing and being small time entrepreneur more easier and financially stable . 
  for example currently for an unemployed person to go to a work for a small time is many times not worth it , the problem is not in wages vs. benefits , but dealing with bureaucracy after working : submitting papers about the work , submitting received wages , etc. . . so that unemployment benefits can be paid , usually in delayed fashion . 
  this problem could be tackled by moving into an on-line wage and tax payments where the information about a paid wage would go directly to official dealing with benefits thus benefits would be modified instantly and paid on time . 
  * decreasing the taxation of work . 
  many times even for people with middle to higher middle income people , employing other people is too costly . 
  i for example made last year around 58 thousand euros before taxes , a-okey for a professional/consultant , and still for me it is very expensive to hire somebody to renovate my apartment . 
  the reason why is that i have high taxes , around 30 % to 33 % of my wage goes to taxes , and then i have to pay 24 % vat from consumption . 
  i would have hired somebody do the renovation behalf of myself , i would have spend thousand of euros for simple kitchen renovation/installation and doing few extra walls . 
  instead of writing code or trying to create a new business concept , i spend my time doing the renovation . 
  this clearly is n't optimal situation . 
  essentially all the problems that we in finland have are more or less problems of microeconomics . 
  if we want to grow our economy and have more material good then we need to address on how our society functions . 
  macroeconomic remedies such as interest rates and the rate of inflation are secondary to this and only help mask problems . 
  if people would only have accidents that involve them , then everybody could select the speed that suites them better . 
  unfortunately when there is an accident , there usually are other parties , either other cars or passengers . 
  my personal stand is that there is no such hurry that i should risk my or other people 's lifes . 
  it is better to ran according to the limit than run over a child . 
   so you 'll fix that by adding more people to jobless pool and by making more people dependable ? 
  the short term effect if cuts are done rapidly and not by using natural wastage , then yes , more people will be out of job . 
  however that is a good thing ... what you have to remember is that at the end of the day public sector workers are paid by the work of the private sector . 
  thus when we are in a situation where workforce is decreasing , the priority is to make sure private sector has enough workforce . 
  by cutting down public sector we free workers for the private sector thus ensuring that private sector can expand . 
  the next thing after this is to enable private sector to expand by lowering taxes , cutting down red tape , and all around creating an environment where new companies are generated and old ones expand their activities . 
  the reason why we need to cut is that the number of workers is decreasing while the number of dependable is increasing . 
  essentially meaning that if current level of social welfare is to be kept , workers need to pay even more taxes as they do now . 
  the problem with raising taxes is that they are already very high , especially with middle - and higher middle income workers . 
  any increase of taxation will only lead into negative consequences of people having less motivation to work , private investment going down , moving of most potential workers and companies to other countries . 
  not to mention that cutting does n't always mean cutting down welfare . 
  cutting down can also mean deceasing government bureaucracy and streamlining public organizations so that the same results can be attained from a lesser number of people . 
  and cutting down welfare does n't always mean cutting down essential welfare , for example in finland you can get money from the government to buy furniture when you move to your first apartment . 
  now while this sounds good , the problem is that only some get it that know how to apply and cry about it , while most of the other people just go to a second hand stores to get cheap furnitures . 
  when i moved to study , i got old furniture from my parents and got the rest from places like recycling centers and so on . 
  in what reality could bulgaria ever start car industry ? 
  even bigger countries such as russia have large problems on making domestic producers competitive . 
  the only way you can entry an established industry is with huge amount of government subsidies and even then it will be unsure if success is attained . 
  the better way is to invest into universities and research institutes and enable investor friendly environment where eventually the r&d spending starts to produce home grown startups and growth companies . 
  of course this will take decades after decades to start produce results , but that is the only sure way on raising in ladder of value addition . 
  free trade does n't just mean tariff free trade , free trade means removal other hidden obstacles and treating all companies with same and fair terms . 
  examples of hidden obstacles can be different standards or different requirements that prefer a domestic manufacturer . 
  examples of treating all companies the same can be best seen on how public procurement works , that all public work is open for bidding and there are clear rules on how to select the winning bidder . 
  to get these things working in europe took decades after decades of work . 
  the reason why trade negotiations take so much time is because usually different states and unions have different targets and different priorities . 
  for example us is much stronger with services while europe is stronger in high-spec manufacturing . 
  the task of the negotiators is to find deal that satisfied both parties and that both parties see fair . 
  now the reason why you need a comprehensive agreement is to be exact on what has been concluded and what has not been concluded . 
  it is the same case with the european union treaties and directives . 
  they are long and very comprehensive so that there will as little as possible room to interpret the agreement . 
  if there is too much leeway it will only mean that different authorities and parties have different interpretations thus hindering trade and causing unneeded litigation . 
  this is really important for small and medium sized companies as for them going to court to get justice is usually too costly and complicated . 
  there is variation in kokoomus that is true , there is the more conservative side still there , but in bigger cities and especially in uusimaa and helsinki , the candidates are very liberal . 
  not to mention that the leadership of kokoomus have been dominated heavily by the liberal side of the party . 
  and the youth side of the party is even more liberal or libertarian . 
  if you look at their values , they are a liberal party as they support more freedoms for individuals , that makes them liberal . 
  of course they are more economically conservative , as in demanding fiscal disciple and being more vigilant on usage of money . 
  i do n't see that being in anyway against them being a liberal party . 
  but there is already a liberal party in finland , it is kokoomus , the national coalition party . 
  the national coalition party is the only real choice for a true patriot . 
  what do you want to happen in the next 4 years ? 
  there are some implications for europe too . 
  if the true finns party becomes the second biggest party and will be one of the coalition parties , the finnish position on bailouts and increased aid to troubled countries will become even harder . 
  of the finnish position is n't that friendly even now on just throwing money on problems . 
  i live in an democratic country with a strong rule of law . 
  there is no need and there has never been for special rules regarding universities . 
  university is not an asylum . 
  all citizens are equal and will be treated the same . 
  and yes , i studied in a university and earned my m.sc . 
  in economics and business administration . 
  universities as asylums , what the fuck , if you break the law them there should not be any place for you to go and hide . 
  this is just totally unbelievable . 
   so perhaps we need someone to figure out where the workforce is , what jobs are available , and why these two are n't cancelling each other out .
