  in case of referendums , the reason why there are no referendums in most of the eu countries is simply because they are not part of the local systems and local way of governing . 
  the same is true with the uk , when was the last time you voted in a referendum ? 
   if there was a referendum the pro-eu side would still have to say they were against being part of a federal europe to win . 
  you 're right that there are many large but silent interests that would still want to be in the eu , most business lobbies and the city i would guess , but they also would be very wary of federalisation ( euro and ftt are n't really in their interests ) . 
  like i said earlier , if there would be referendum in uk , it would be in a situation where the eu would be splitting , keeping status quo would n't be an option then , options would either be to go back in integration , or join the core . 
  in that situation , any pro-side would have to be support joining the euro and everything that comes with it . 
   you 're got that totally the wrong way round . 
  there are several examples of countries freely trading with the eu while not being a member . 
  as the euro crisis has shown the federalists do n't really know what they 're doing . 
  i 'm not saying they 're operating in bad faith though , they just rush in to things . 
  norway and iceland are eea members and switzerland has treaty that is eea in all but name . 
  they are part of the single market , but do n't have opportunity to impact single market legislation . 
  i do n't think that uk could go with that . 
  britain is too big country to just settle down on things . 
   if the eurozone continues to try and get the euro-outs to try and sign treaties designed to solve the eurozone 's problems then the sceptics win by default because there will no vision of the eu that can be sold to the uk populace . 
  actually eurozone has had to do this , because eu treaty changes are not possible without unanimity . 
  another thing to note is that all other eu-members than uk and denmark have treaty obligation to join the eurozone and that is the reason why the whole eu has had to step in lock with the eurozone . 
  however as this has been more or less hard to do , i think that many more people are willing to accept that eurozone needs to start following its own independent trajectory . 
  the logical consequence of this is that current eu will cease to exist and it will split into eurozone , countries wanting to join it , and countries secluding from it . 
  this is something that is bubbling under and i believe it will come up when the eu leaders will start the next big treaty negotiations . 
   `` after finland , it 's ( britain ) the country with the worst food , '' he added . 
  this is an outrage !, 
  we have very fine french restaurants in this country !, 
  this insult will not go out without punishment !, 
  maybe . 
  british may truly be more afraid on being in a federal europe than outside it , but again from the point of view of organizing an referendum , being afraid of f.e. 
  is n't enough to guarantee an out vote . 
  you see , while f.e. 
  is an known beast , being outside is n't a known option , it is a jump into unknown . 
  another thing is that i 'm not arguing what britain should do , i 'm just putting out reasons on why there has n't been a referendum and why there wo n't be referendum in any time short . 
  the only way britexit will be realistically made possible is that eurozone development needs to have so fundamental treaty changes that eu will split into two entities . 
  at that time it is possible that britain would elect to go back into simple form of economic co-operation in europe , but again , british leaders may not want to drive things into a point where eu split will happen , nor are there guarantees that uk would decide leave outside the f.e. 
  another thing that puts me to doubt british willingness to make the exit is that till today british multinationals and the city have been very quit about their preferences . 
  i would bet that if any eu exit or reorganization of eu would threaten their business interests , they would put a major pro eu campaign to make sure that nothing bad happens to their business . 
  i do n't think that there will be any referendum any time soon . 
  the reason for this is that neither labor or conservatives have made the decision to either to leave or to deepen the integration . 
  if they had made that decisions , referendum would be hold to allow politicians to wash their hands from the decision . 
  another reason why there wo n't be referendum is that if the referendum would be simple in or out , there is no guarantee on how the vote would actually go , and that again is a risk that politicians wo n't want to take . 
  in my opinion there wo n't be no real possibility of britexit until the british govermeant will take the time and negotiate with other european countries a new treaty that will establish a new european economic union , either an extension of the eu or an independent entity where the eurozone is a member too , something that is between eea and eu . 
  however the danger with this is that the process to get there will also drive forward brake up of the current eu , which means that there will the eurozone/federal europe and something akin to the eec/eea . 
  in that situation any referendum would cause change to the british european relationship as the options would be to either join the new eec/eea or join the eurozone/federal europe . 
  again , there are no guarantees on how this kind of referendum would go . 
  it could very well be that your average johnny english would be more afraid of being outside the federal entity than being outside of it . 
   those working undocumented , seeking to avoid paying social security contributions and/or the extra fee ( s ) for medicines . 
  okey , but then your real problem are people working undocumented . 
  more efficient way would be to put more resources on catching them and making sure they pay their share from the beginning . 
  that is a real problem . 
  having an unnecessary administrative process on admitting to healthcare is just a patch that wastes resources . 
   under the regular scheme , you have free basic healthcare and pay an extra fee for medicines ( usually very small ) . 
  this is the same system as with the nhs in the uk . 
  under the welfare scheme , you pay nothing at all . 
  some people might try to take advantage of it . 
  really expensive medicines like cancer medications are ones that doctors do n't prescribe if you do n't really have a cancer . 
  if somebody gets prescription for some ordinary medicine that he/she really do n't need , that really wo n't cost the state a lot . 
  administration probably costs way more than any losses from those medicines . 
   that procedure is needed in order to curb fraudulent claims , especially for the most expensive treatments and medicines , costing thousands of euros . 
  open this one up . 
  why would there be fraudulent claims ? 
  who is committing the fraud ? 
  yes , but my identity has nothing to do with money . 
  there is no check if i 'm employed or unemployed , if i own state money or not , that is irrelevant . 
  as a citizen i have right to healthcare , that is it . 
  why do you need to two have different schemes ? 
  why not have one ? 
  why not just put all the money in the same bin , and then take money out of it . 
  much simpler , no need for bureaucracy . 
  in finland you do n't have to prove anything , you only need to show your social security card along your social identification number that everybody receives when they are born . 
  no applications , no nothing . 
  you go to a health institution and tell what you want and then they will start your treatment if you need it . 
  that is it . 
  budgets are allocated based on budgets made in advance . 
  if health institutions need more money , then the state or municipal authorities will hand over more money . 
  if social security contributions this year were too big or small , then they will adjust them in the next year . 
  and i again ask why do you need to have administrative procedures ? 
  if all employers and employees have already paid their share of social security , why would you need to check anybody ? 
  i 'm sorry , but there is no point in these administrative procedures . 
  in here the system works that the insurance companies and the state collect funds , and these are then contributed to health institutions based on their budgets . 
  that is why we do n't need to have any administrative procedures . 
  it is all paid for already . 
  yes , but why do you need this administrative procedure at all ? 
  not just this , but procedures concerning other people too . 
  why do you need to have administrative procedures ? 
  you know ... * the health institutions can easily in advance make budget for the next year * the state after accepting budgets can allocate the money , and pay it in series to institutions * the state collect social security contribution and puts it into a money bin that pays to institutions . 
  if there is n't money enough this year , then social security payments will be bigger next year . 
  so again why do you need to have administrate procedures ? 
  what is the point of them ? 
  that sounds too bureaucratic . 
  let me ask you a question ... * are n't all health care centers and hospitals public that provide basic healthcare ? 
  if yes , then would n't it be a better idea to just collect money into a one big fund where it is then budgeted into different providers ? 
  yes , but if all companies and employes have already paid and we are sure that they have , then what is the need to check if somebody is eligible or not ? 
  the money has already been contributed into the fund . 
  would n't it be simpler just make sure that companies pay their social security contributions ? 
  like for example in here ... * company sends every month a simple report on how much money it has paid as compensation , how much it has withhold from that as taxes , social security payments , etc. . . and then pays the money into personal tax account . 
  * company notifies every year insurance company , both pension and social security , on how many employees it has and what are their average salaries . 
  insurance company then sends bills for every month for the company to pay . 
  if pays go up or down , or personnel increase or decrease , it notifies the insurance company . 
  * at the end of the year , company notifies state and insurance company on how much it has actually paid money to each of the staff members . 
  the state and insurance company then calculate do you have to pay more or will you get money back . 
  the way tax officials make sure that the company does n't cheat in its taxes is it that collects all financial information from all bank accounts of all citizens and then makes sure that there are no unexplainable wide gaps on notified and actual income . 
  if there are doubts then the company will be investigated and its books opened .
