  maybe developing countries should invest more money to imfs shares so they can get more votes ... 
  otherwise they should just shut the fuck up . 
   not really , they 're mainly having negative export balances , they live as i said before in the first place from tourism , which with a strong currency is damaging . 
  they had those negative export balances before . 
   that would be true in a real free-market economy , or a state controlled economy , not in the actual system . 
  look up energy-prices across the eu and you 'll see the south pays the most for their energy . 
  you did n't read my comment . 
  relative . 
  relative . 
  how many nuclear power plants are there in italy , greece and portugal ? 
  zero . 
  the main mode of energy production is based on fossil fuels that are imported to these countries , and that makes energy prices high . 
  not to mention that for example portugal has invested lots of money to renewable energy which has been a big waste of money , making energy prices even higher . 
  like i said before , strong euro makes oil and gas cheaper to import , and as southern countries are more dependent on them , they benefit more from it . 
   they stopped doing so , because laying on a beach somewhere in turkey is way cheaper , than doing so on a spanish one . 
  are you going to settle to turkish standards of living ? 
  if yes then internal devaluation is enough . 
  if not , then you would n't have been satisfied on having an external devaluation . 
  the only way you keep the current standards of living is competing with quality , with added value , not with price . 
   for everyone inside the country . 
  a devaluation of 10 percent would mean everything imported for everyone is 10 % more expensive , basic goods as bread and milk would go almost unaffected . 
  the situation now , is that wages drop , while companies make more money . 
  it means that for the rich there has been virtually no change , for the poor and the middle-class everything ( not only import ) is more expensive . 
  wheat and milk are commodities , they can easily be exported if producers get better price from other countries . 
  not to mention again , * agriculture needs oil , machines need oil , fertilizers need oil * . 
   they 're false democracies . 
  everything is put in place so that new and small parties do n't make a chance . 
  in case of greece , the biggest party gets 50 seats for free ( out of 300 ) , in spain you have a law that 's called d'hondt . 
  i repeat : people in egypt also went voting , mubarak was elected every time . 
  it 's rigged . 
  d'hondt method is also used in finland and it works here very well . 
  i think that a better question for you to ask is why are southern societies so divided that for example special arrangements are needed to enable governing the country ? 
  in here we have currently a cabinet that consists from liberal conservatives ( leading ) , social democrats ( center-left ) , greens , leftist union ( left ) , christian democrats and swedish folk party . 
  if these all parties can sit down and form a cabinet together , under an agreement that everybody get something , that there is a general compromise , then why is n't that same possible in south ? 
  you blame the system and laws , but you do n't ask what kind of society has needed them to function . 
   because there 's no alternative . 
  why keep americans voting for democrats and republicans , while both damage the country ? 
  because the lack of a credible alternative . 
  there is no alternative as long as people do n't start to build one . 
   are you kidding ? 
  1 euro = 1.3019 usd , as i write . 
  it 's launched with the idea that it would be 1.18 usd . 
  it means that everything imported from outside the eu is cheap ( which is good for germany ) , tourism expensive ( bad for the southern countries , it 's their main income ) . 
  in 2002/2003 finnish export companies screamed bloody murder when the euro first achieved this valuation against dollar . 
  after that the exchange rate went even higher , remember when it was over 1.5 ? 
  however finnish industries and companies did structural and organizational adjustments and the exchange rate has been a non issue after that . 
  not to mention that countries who actually benefit from strong euro are actually southern countries . 
  for example from finnish exports , approx 50 % goes outside the eu , 20 % to non-eurozone countries and the rest to the eurozone . 
  compare this to southern countries who export more in relative terms to other eurozone countries . 
  their exports are less dependent on external value of euro , but from internal demand of eurozone . 
  now do also take into notice that southern countries are more dependent on fossil fuels than northern countries : only country from southern group that has nuclear power is spain . 
  that means that when euro gains value , they will spend less money to it . 
  of course northern countries also enjoy this , but as southern countries are more dependent on them , they also gain more from strengthening euro . 
  lastly , but not least , yes , southern countries have big tourist industries , but have taken note on where does the bulk of the tourist come from ? 
  could it be the other eurozone countries ? 
   that is a half-truth . 
  technically , yes . 
  in the practice it means dropping wages , while prices stay the same ( which is actually the same as what happens with an inflation ) , it means a huge loss of jobs , which leads to less consumption etc. 
  you do understand that external devaluation will lead to increase of all prices ? 
  there is huge amount of inter-linkage , for example think about agriculture , fertilizers need oil , manufacture of farming machines need steel , oil , precision machinery , etc. . all imported . 
  what external devaluation in reality does is to move money from depositors and wage earners to export companies , their owners and workers . 
  but like i said before , export industries in several southern countries are already moving full stream ahead . 
   this is true , but the people are not really at fault . 
  the voting-system is rigged in a way that you have corrupt party and corrupt party light alternate governments . 
  it would be the same as blaming the egyptians for voting mubarak . 
  of course people are at fault . 
  southern countries are democracies , if people fail to conduct proper due diligence on electing people to represent them and their interest , it is their fault . 
  like for example berlusconi , how on earth people can elect him again and again ? 
  if somebody offers you a deal that is too good to be true , and you accept it , you are at fault when you loose your monies . 
  what is this strong euro anyway ? 
  is it euphemism for something else ? 
  for example loose fiscal and monetary where ever continuing state deficits are financed directly by the central bank leading to 7-15 % yearly inflation and ever falling external value of the currency ? 
  because if that is the case , then problem really is n't actually euro , it is that there is n't enough political will in southern societies to actually sort things out , but rather engage on a ever continuing political game on who gets what . 
  now if rejection of strong euro is due to need to boost exports , to make them more competitive , then i have to ask is there really need for that ? 
  for example in spain and portugal export sectors are already growing fast , they ca n't grow any faster . 
  not to mention that anything that can be done with external devaluation can also be achieved via internal devaluation . 
  * in the local news today , acme inc published that they are moving the company headquarters to switzerland ... *, 
  in / r/europe it is sometimes very hard to note when people are all serious and when they are sarcastic , even harder when people are in between :-d but yes , i concur with you that compensations in some times and cases are ridiculous . 
  i myself work for a company that is fighting against time on will it go bankrupt or be split or will we get it turned around and renewed . 
  our previous ceo royally screwed the company under his tenure . 
  when he finally got fired he took his compensation package without thinking what that would mean for the company : not enough money to pay wages next month . 
  luckily our major shareholders decided to put more money on the company , but we need to be profitable in q3/q4 or it is game over . 
  mind you , we are a publicly listed company , and not that small either . 
  then again , if one wants to see something positive in all this is that our major shareholder , which is bunch of old money , have burned huge sums of money to us , and some young very talented guys walked out with huge sums of money after they sold us their overvalued companies . 
  so at least the market evolution is marching on , rewarding smart people and punishing stupid people with too much money . 
  the only reason why companies exist is to produce profit for their owners . 
  if top executive wages would be lower , then that would n't mean that the company would hire more workers , it would mean that shareholder profits , dividends , would be higher . 
  not to mention that companies will always hire more workers if and only it is profitable for them . 
  and if something is profitable for the company , there is always money for that . 
  another thing to note is that if top executive wages would n't be as high as they are , many talented potential executives would elect not to become one . 
  what do i mean ? 
  simple , one can earn 50000 to 75000 euro easily as an professional working in a corporation , if one starts his/her own company and sells those professional services via it , one can easily earn 100 to 200 thousand euro in year ... 
  so that is the ball park on what one can make without becoming an executive ... now , if one becomes executive , there are associated risks with it . 
  the biggest thing is that if you fail as an executive , or get fired , or decide to quit , it is very rocky road to get another executive position , or make a comeback as an highly regarded professional . 
  thus any executive wage needs to match what professionals can earn , and add an bonus for the increased risks associated on working as an executive . 
  now this might sound very complicated , but it is a thing that the market decides and balances out everyday . 
  those companies that have too high executive pays compared to results , will see their shareholders loose value compared to shareholders whose companies have better pay to results structure . 
  before the financial crisis , were the industries and companies who employed these same kind of people who had these advanced degrees ? 
  glad to help . 
  another thing that i noted was that you asked political leaning , which itself did n't have nothing wrong itself ...
