   finally , i ca n't help but note that you never provided any evidence to support your claim that `` it was not a situation where for example greek or spanish producers were replaced by germans . 
  nope . [ ... ], 
  they bought some from germany but also massive amounts from china . '', 
  it 's double standards really : you allow yourself to make any claim you want without a shred of evidence but i have to justify every little point i make . 
  greece import approx 8 % of imports from china and approx 6 % from saudi-arabia , imports from germany account approx 15 % of total imports . 
  however from greece exports , 10 % goes to germany , but china and saudi-arabia are not anywhere at the map on greek exports . 
  this is very serious thing . 
  exports to non-eurozone countries are lacking . 
   because maybe germany is a bigger country and has access to more advanced technology so the companies starting there had a huge head start ? 
  obviously these greek companies could n't compete with the german ones . 
  but they were doing well enough to provide greeks with what they needed . 
  so they fulfilled their function . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  in the international markets anything is for sale , if you need technology , you buy it . 
  for crying out loud nokia for example did n't start by doing everything themselves , they build their first digital phone networks by buying electronics and components from us and japan . 
  it is a free world after all . 
  and in case of competitiveness , no it is n't enough that greek companies can function in their home markets because they will be out competed by international companies , the only way you can have companies that function sub par the market is by closing your economy , but that carries a very heavy price . 
   but that 's the gist of the problem : a country compressing its wages and doing everything in its power to maximise its trading surplus is tough to compete against . 
  that 's the problem with mercantilism . 
  playing that game will only lead to a worse outcome for everyone : a race to the bottom for worker rights and wages and a decrease in aggregate demand worldwide . 
  you do understand that corporate profits go somewhere ? 
  maybe if you offer something that people want to buy for then you move that money back . 
   a race to the bottom for worker rights and wages and a decrease in aggregate demand worldwide . 
  it is all about adding value , if people do n't move on then they will either be replaced by outsourced production or automation . 
  you have to continuously advance and become better , that is how the market works . 
  that is why you can have a nice living standards and do n't have to settle for subsidence farming . 
  oh for heavens sake , you call changing the stability pact changing of rules in their favor ? 
  stability pact was and is just an bureaucratic exercise , it does n't make any damn impact on markets and how they function . 
  could you remind me on how that has worked with the us ? 
  ... yeah ... 
  it has n't really worked . 
  jobs have been moved out of the us and are keep being moved out . 
  the only reason why us economy has n't collapsed is their ability generate new industries and new world class companies , not to of course forget their immense energy resources . 
  and germany required the other eurozone states to bail it out ... oh ... 
  but that did n't happen , they ran their ship all right without needing intervention from the ecb or other eurozone states . 
   but this is the mercantilist mindset all over again . 
  and how is this mercantilist mindset all over again ? 
  you do understand that eurozone at whole needs to export goods and services in order to import from the rest of the world ? 
  if you hinder functioning of german companies what you actually get is worsening trade balance with the rest of the world ? 
  in short eurozone bleeds out money leading eventually to lower standards of living . 
  the problem again in here is n't for example germany has balanced trade with china , but that troubled economies are lacking in their attempts to export to china and to other non-eurozone economies . 
   actually , it happened . 
  a lot of greek brand products disappeared from greece . 
  companies were bought by german ones . 
  you can check the data for yourself : greece 's production base shrunk after adopting the euro . 
  how about this , if you claim something , then you inform about it . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time trying to prove or disprove what you said . 
  do your own homework , if you want to discuss , then provide something to talk about . 
  but hey , regardless of that , have you ever thought why did n't these greek companies grow up to multinational corporations trading all around the world in their own niche ? 
  why did n't they enlist to nyse , nasdaq or lse get fresh capital and expand ? 
  because if they truly were competitive , then they would n't certainly had any trouble on getting financing for expansion and new growth ... 
  so if that did n't happen , maybe they were n't competitive at all ? 
  and if german wages would have stayed where they are , or they would have risen , german companies would have moved production from germany to developing countries . 
  then instead of troubled economies having a trade deficit with germany , they would have even more massive trade deficit with china . 
  do n't you people realize that there is world outside europe ? 
  there are currently only two countries in the eurozone who have balanced trade with china and they are germany and finland . 
  would it be really more beneficial if eurozone would be hammering even more money out ? 
  not to mention that troubled economies do n't even really compete with german industries . 
  it was not a situation where for example greek or spanish producers were replaced by germans . 
  nope . 
  greek and spanish consumers had for a short while more money and they could by more items , they bought some from germany but also massive amounts from china . 
  and speaking of china , do you know what country actually largely competes with traditional producers of troubled countries ? 
  for example in textile and clothing manufacturing ? 
  yeah , you guessed it right , it is china and they have taken over european markets , rolling over traditional european companies who have been too slow and rigid to change with the market . 
   why this intermediary language you ask ? 
  i dream that if a german , a frenchwoman and a norwegian life in berlin all three should be able to walk into the necessary agencies and communicate with some subset of the staff . 
  the german in german and the other two in this intermediary language . 
  as is , there is a huge language barrier though this forum gives you the illusion that everyone speaks english fluently . 
  you do know that french , german and norwegian are all indo-european languages ? 
  they resemble each others quite much compared to for example finno-ugric languages ( finnish and eesti ) or to basque , another indo-european language . 
  from my point of view , there really is n't much value on creating yet another indo-european language and trying to use it . 
  the fact of the matter is that english is lingua franca of today 's world and we need to use it no matter what because rest of the world uses it , so why not use it in internal communications too . 
  another thing is that people can learn languages if they need and want to . 
  i speak fluent english , can speak with swedish and german , and will next start to learn russian . 
  and no , this is n't even a matter of iq or education , i know plenty of how to say , common people , who can speak basic english and even basic swedish if they really need to use it . 
   i see . 
  the reference to inflation rates was due to having a common currency masking competative divergence ( as mentioned in that youtube video ) . 
  however , do you think these problems could have been identified earlier with propper auditing and transparency in government ? 
  if wage inflation in germany would have been higher then that would have meant that german exports to us and china would have decreased , leading to lower employment in germany and increasing the rate of outsourcing of work from the country , largely to developing world . 
  what people who bring up the inflation differentiations keep always forgetting is that we live in a global world . 
  for example my wage increases have largely went to buy more from us , china and japan , only a small part of my increased money has went to consuming products from southern europe . 
  when we talk about competition , it is not southern countries vs. germany , but southern countries vs. china . 
  we live in a global economy and have to compete globally . 
   as for ` injections into their economies ' , private investors do not tell greeks to sell government bonds , that is up to their government to issue them . 
  this comes back to propper transparency and auditing to align risk correctly rather than ` forcing countries to issue bonds ' , which is what an ` injection of capital ' seems to imply . 
  the financial catastrophe that both greek and cypriot states caused could have been largely prevented with proper transparency and auditing , but even that may not be enough . 
  you may still have electorate that refuses to acknowledge reality , for example italians have time after time again continued to elect politicians that promise them everything and join them on refusing to deal with deteriorating situation . 
  in case of spain and portugal , this is also true , even thought their economies are hurting more due to increased competition from developing countries . 
  the state has very well known how bad the situation , but politicians have n't engaged to fix problems . 
  i for example remember a lecture from a senior official from finnish bank , he told that they had foreseen the current troubles that our forest industries have already in the 70s , and it was just luck that those developments did n't start then when they made their estimations . 
  the problem is n't that there would n't be knowledge on how things are and where they are going , the problem is acknowledging that and starting to act based on that assessment . 
  first of all , these are guidelines on what things the eu commission should look and take into account when making decisions ... secondly eu member states do n't have individual inflation targets , the ecb has an inflation target for the whole euroarea . 
  if for example in germany the annual inflation is lower than in spain , what that means is that in germany prices have n't risen up as much in spain in relative terms . 
  that is it , nothing more , nothing less . 
  now in case of troubled countries , the reason why they are in trouble is not because different rates of inflation , but because of how their economies functioned in the last decade ... * in greece the state committed a fraud to mislead investors by hiding and forging their state debt and deficits , leading the market to think that there was much less risk to loan money to greece than there actually was . 
  all this excess money that the greek state loaned lead to corruption of the whole economy making it rely on too much on the public sector . 
  the party ended when they got caught . 
  if a private company had done what greek politicians had done , they would be in prison serving time from 10 to 20 years . 
  * in spain the state decided to mask and hide economic transformation that was happening in the country due to increased global competition and eroding tariffs by enabling and fueling construction and property bubbles . 
  * in portugal the problem again was that they had their own construction and property bubble that had imploded much before the financial crisis .
