  but ... 
  it would have given you more data if you instead would have asked two questions ... * economic dimension : who is responsible for ones welfare : individual vs. society * personal dimension : social liberalism vs. social conservatism but of course this could have gone over your scope . 
  anyways in future you should think about this . 
  your survey fails you ... you have question `` who do you think should take more steps towards improving social justice ? '' ... 
  the problem is that you give three choices , but i do n't want to select none of them . 
  i do n't think there needs to be more steps taken to towards improving social justice . 
  states can always redirect money . 
  for example they can fire more public employees and use those monies instead to create better environment for entrepreneurship and high-growth start-ups . 
  why not just [ copy ] ( http://www.whitehouse.gov/startup-america-fact-sheet ) what obama is doing in states ? 
   `` startup america '' is a white house initiative to celebrate , inspire , and accelerate high-growth entrepreneurship throughout the nation . 
  this coordinated public/private effort brings together an alliance of the country 's most innovative entrepreneurs , corporations , universities , foundations , and other leaders , working in concert with a wide range of federal agencies to dramatically increase the prevalence and success of america 's entrepreneurs . 
  which translates to ...  * expand access to capital for high-growth startups throughout the country ; * expand entrepreneurship education and mentorship programs that empower more americans not just to get a job , but to create jobs ; * strengthen commercialization of the about $ 148 billion in annual federally-funded research and development , which can generate innovative startups and entirely new industries ; * identify and remove unnecessary barriers to high-growth startups ; and * expand collaborations between large companies and startups . 
   the eu could easily afford this welfare , which would at least , even without sovereignty allow the society not to collapse , and people not to , you know , starve to death , which seems inevitable if this keeps up . 
  you are again building a special case , but a system ca n't work on basis of that . 
  yes , eu could afford to pay welfare for greece , but it ca n't afford to do that for spain or italy , not to mention if there would be multiple major countries needing assistance . 
  any system put in place must be workable under a situation where a major or multiple major countries drift to a position where greece is now . 
   is this supposed to be united europe ? 
  on one side of the continent 40-year olds deal with their mid-life crisis by buying expensive cars , and in the other , there are parents who ca n't feed their children properly . 
  you are essentially demanding solidarity , but solidarity is earned . 
  you have to contribute to earn solidarity . 
  other eu countries have been contributing wast sums of money in forms structural and development funds to greece . 
  how much more needs to be contributed before the money flow turns back and greece starts to contribute ? 
  another thing is that how people buying sports cars is connected to anybody ? 
  bloody hell i 'm in my early thirties and i could easily afford buying a sports car , but you know what , i also earn that money . 
  in the case of corporation where i work , we are selling software and consultancy services to customers all over the world , for example selling software to indians . 
  the problem in europe is that there are too much people who complain and concentrate on envy success of others when they should be thinking on how can they themselves do things betters and work more . 
   for crying out loud , we have already established that the greek state has absolutely no actual power over its budget . 
  stop blaming the sheer incompetence of the troika on some domestic politicians who are easy targets . 
  what the greek state failed to do in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 was to start rapid transformation of the state . 
  greece would n't be in this situation if they would have fire that 120 thousand public employees in 2009 . 
  not to mention liberalization legislation and privatization of loss making state monopolies and companies . 
  that was where greece dropped the ball . 
   who is this everybody ? 
  last i heard , the money tax evaders owed to the state was no more than 5 or 6 billion euros . 
  as for corruption , there was simply not enough transparency from either of the two major ruling parties for the citizens to know that the debt existed to this scale . 
  fakelaki ... * transparency international , an independent corruption monitoring ngo , found that 13 % of greeks paid fakelaki ( bribery in the form of envelopes with cash donations ) in 2009 , which was estimated to account for $ 787 million in yearly corruption payments . 
  [ 7 ] at the same time it was estimated that roughly $ 1 billion was paid by companies in bribes to public institutions for avoiding bureaucratic rules or to get other benefits . 
  [ 8 ] when calculating all sorts of corruption in greece , the total amount is estimated to be roughly $ 3.5 billion per year ( equal to 1.75 % of the greek gdp ) . 
  compared with corruption levels measured by transparency international for 160 other countries , greece ranked at 49th in 2004 , was down at 57th in 2008 , and slumped to 71st in 2009 . 
  [ 9 ] the government elected in october 2009 had on its agenda to increase the fight against fakelaki and other forms of corruption . 
  [ 7 ] * the thing is that there is culture of bribing and that hurts the economy badly . 
   with what money ? 
  how can the state pay for substantial stimulus when quite simply , it can not manage eu 's money ? 
  this article shows by itself how they clearly have no control over their own budget . 
  stimulus is out of question in greece . 
  the thing is that the state and society have failed themselves and the only way out of the crisis is to dismantle state and reorganize society until it starts to work again . 
  this is what the greek state very well can do , they can dismantle state services and reach , and they can re-target their budget funds . 
  what they ca n't do is to increase spending , because frankly their system is unable to spend responsibly . 
   it is more than clear how much eu values domestic sovereignty , it 's up to voters of idividual countries to support for an exit from the eu . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  the issue is that , while the troica has complete control over the greek budget , this is the plan thus far : you do understand that the money in question has to come from somewhere . 
  in the same time when you are stressing greek sovereignty should n't you ably the same to countries who need to contribute money to bail-out funds ? 
  you do understand that the money that other countries contribute is away from them , meaning less services and less infrastructure spending in here !, 
   it does n't take a genius to deduce that when the consumers have no money to buy food , they ca n't spend money into buying stuff . 
  additionally , businesses ca n't grow overnight without stimulus . 
  the way out of recession/depression in greece is not done with increasing domestic consumption , it is done by exporting more and achieving trade balance . 
  how about exporting that olive oil to china ? 
  there are hundreds of millions of consumers who can afford it . 
   i myself have never heard of children going hungry in the east , or them having unemployment numbers that threaten to reach 30 % . 
  that is the problem of greeks . 
  greece is rich country compared to developing countries in eastern europe . 
  it is up to greeks to organize their society so , if they want , that it takes care of everybody . 
  however in real life there does n't seem to be will do so , and again , that is internal matter of greeks . 
   what ? 
  compare the cost of life in greece and slovakia . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  food , oil and gas cost the same everywhere , that is because they follow global prices . 
  oil is n't cheaper in for example romania because work there is cheaper . 
  global market prices and global market prices . 
   yeah , let 's all pretend together that crisis-stricken countries have any actual sovereignty or `` competency '' over their financial budget . 
  the reality is the limiting factor always . 
  even if greece did n't use euro , they would be in the same situation because they ca n't print us dollars , they have to earn them by trading with the rest of the world . 
  what the eu has given greece is emergency funding that has bought some time , that unfortunately the greek state has n't used so well . 
   one moment you are blaming the greek gov for their inability to set up nation-wide foodbanks and provide underage students with daily meals , and the other you are protecting for the eu 's right to call the shots on where their support packages ' money go to . 
  since the greeks are pretty much penniless , that can only mean that it 's the eu 's choice to have no welfare . 
  i have always pinpointed inefficiencies . 
  many times money and resources can be saved by organizing things differently , for example leveraging scale of economies . 
  in a situation where greece is , creating new born efficiency is vital to stabilize the situation and create in time new growth . 
  in case of eu money , what you do n't seem to understand is that greece in the situation that is it , because everybody broke and bend the rules until corruption and inefficiencies made the greek state unmanageable and choked the greek economy . 
  while bending and breaking rules may create some piece of mind to somebody somewhere for a short while , it will create in long term lots of headaches and jeopardize the functioning of the system itself . 
   sure . 
  so this is the plan ; raise taxes , offer no substantial subsidies or stimulus , kick employees from the public sector , deny welfare to almost 3 million people with absolutely no source of income to buy food . 
  the global economy is growing all the time . 
  it is up to greek state and the greeks to reorganize their society to tap into that growth . 
  now if the greeks and other eu countries find themselves unable to do so and need continuous assistance , then it could and should put under negotiations on could the eu extend its competencies , but that would essentially mean that sovereignty of member states would largely come to and end : under unified system for example greek styled and scaled corruption would be unacceptable and severely punished and rooted out of the system . 
   i myself have never heard of children going hungry in the east , or them having unemployment numbers that threaten to reach 30 % . 
  that is again bias . 
  poor countries are poor and they have things poorly . 
  they do n't complain because things were even worse during communism and after the collapse in 90s . 
  for example net average salary in romania was 340e , just think about what it is like if you are pensioner or unemployed . 
  do note that commodities and fungitables such as food , oil and gas have the same price everywhere . 
   not withholding any form of welfare from 400,000 families with no source of income to buy basic supplies . 
  social security is competency of member states and it is up to them to decide on will they provide it , on what level and how . 
  not to mention that a huge number of member state have non-existential social security coverage . 
  no offence , but it is also fucked up that many people cry out aloud when it is about greece , but are these same people crying foul for people living in ex-communist countries ? 
  i myself have n't seen or heard anyone making same statements about them . 
  where were these peoples when for example baltic countries had a crash landing ? 
  or why are n't they crying out about people in bulgaria and romania , two of the poorest eu countries . 
  what is up with that ? 
  greece is comparatively rich country compared to eastern european countries and their citizens .
