  fucking \u00c5m\u00e5l was soo good movie !, 
  love it !, 
  things that made my high-school experience seem like an american movie in the end of the 90s ... * we had piled three big sofas in front of coca-cola vending machine . 
  everybody hanged there during recesses and skip hours . 
  * in the beginning of hs we had an initiation rite and then an after party - some people kissed some other people , and many were drunk . 
  * when we got our drivers licenses , it was party every weekend , before that it was just hanging around and home parties . 
  * in the second class we had the [ ball of the new seniors ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vanhojen_tanssit ) , nothing like the prom , but it was a bit nerve wrecking , because we had to ask for a dance partner , luckily for me , i was being asked by a nice girl . 
  so that was that . 
  * in the second class we had some after hours party in school were i and my friends made an eurodance song , i was the male rapper - play back of course , but people were enthusiastic about it . 
  * when i was in the first grade , our drama class produced the sound of music to be presented for other students and parents , next year when i applied too , we produced the j\u00e4\u00e4k\u00e4rin morsian , i got the part to play leading evil role , this however we did n't just play it for the school and parents , but had seats build up for 300 persons and made played it approx . 
  10 times . 
  the next and final year for me , we did the west side story , i got to play the part of detective schrank . 
  * and of course because everybody watched mtv , 90210 , friends , x-files , etc. . we also dressed like american kids , more or less . 
  the reason why i think my high school experience was something like from an american movie is because even thought our school was your typical rural high school full of country pumpkins , we had many things that we did together and many things were we participated . 
  i 'm for it ... because ... * most europeans are eu citizens ( 500 million out of 750 ) * most non-eu citizens are connected to it by being eea or european association treaty or have a special relationship with it . 
  * most non-eu citizens would want to be eu citizens sometime in the future . 
  * european union is the culmination of dreams of countless generations of borderless , free and prosperous europe . 
  not to mention that the flag is also ... ** the motha fucking [ flag of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) !, 
   in the united states , the most recent data from 2003 [ 2 ] suggest that about 94 billion dollars were provided for biomedical research in the united states . 
  the national institutes of health and pharmaceutical companies collectively contribute 26.4 billion dollars and 27.0 billion dollars , respectively , which constitute 28 % and 29 % of the total , respectively . 
  other significant contributors include biotechnology companies ( 17.9 billion dollars , 19 % of total ) , medical device companies ( 9.2 billion dollars , 10 % of total ) , other federal sources , and state and local governments . 
  foundations and charities , led by the bill and melinda gates foundation , contributed about 3 % of the funding . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medical_research ) the money that the us government spend went mainly to basic research , that only produces interesting results , to create actual functioning medical products out of those , you need lots of funding and research that is done by pharmaceutical companies . 
  not to mention that in the case of for example usa and uk , both of these countries have quite a good concentration of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that gives the state incentive to fund basic research . 
  if there would n't be these companies to begin with , both governments would probably fund other venues more that have more benefits to add for the local economy and state coffers . 
  again , if you remove patent protection , you will remove quite good portion of motivation for private and public organizations to fund new research . 
  well , somebody needs to pay for research of new medicine . 
  if we start to generally brake patent protection then we will soon be in a situation where development of new drugs will start to decline , and that will cost even more human lives . 
  with the current system , there is active new research going on , but also people and countries who ca n't afford new medicine will always get something better after patents have expired . 
  the money that goes into advertising is n't away from research , it actually brings more money in , and some of that can be spend on research . 
  if pharmaceutical companies would n't advertise , they would have less demand for branded medicine such as asperin and burana whose patent protection have already become old , and thus would have lower profit margins . 
   we can all have a satisfactory level of medical care without compromising anything . 
  instead of cutting deals on a national level , we can negotiate with pharmaceutical and medical supplies companies on a european level . 
  the savings could be used to fund programs in less fortunate countries . 
  pharmaceutical companies set the price of their drugs how they want it . 
  if you want the latest and greatest drug for cancer therapy , then you need to pay the price the company wants . 
  in case of generic medicine and medical technology , you could achieve some savings , but those savings and more can easily be eaten by added european bureaucracy purchase organization . 
  at the end of the day , the more you have money , the more you buy those latest and greatest drugs and medical technology . 
  not to mention , what is adequate level of medical care ? 
  who defines it ? 
   regarding my initial remark , the states that received loans in exchange for austerity programs found themselves in a worse position . 
  should their creditors demand more cuts that affect the most vulnerable , although these tactics are worthless -- just see the recession figures -- and have a cost in human lives ? 
  my answer is no . 
  the other option that these countries had was to default and not get funding from the market . 
  actually that is still an option . 
  the only thing that has changed is that instead of market actors being main creditors , other eu countries and the ecb have largely replaced them . 
  there is no alternative option where there would be loads of free money flowing into these countries . 
  the reality is that there is less money and the only question is how the burden of cuts is going to be divided . 
  things such as healthcare , education , etc. . . are things that do n't belong to european level , but are things that belong and need to belong to member states . 
  it is also up to member states on how they use * their money * . 
  i would also like to point out that when we speak about the union and healthcare , the thing is that there is n't so much divide between for example north and south , but between rich and poor countries . 
  let me make an example ... all cancers mortality rates , 2009 * finland ... 165 per 100000 population * spain ... 211 per 100000 population * estonia ... 275 per 10000 population now mortality rates more or less correlate with gdp per capita , the higher it is , the lower the mortality rate is , now of course there are exceptions to this . 
  but this is the reality , and this has been reality for a long time , before the financial crisis hit the world . 
  if nobody bothered about these things before , then why are we suddenly worrying about them when it involves the southern states ? 
  not making accusation , just wondering . 
  actually from here we can jump into a more interesting question , and that is ... would you accept to have lesser amount of medical care in-exchange for other people in other countries to have more of it ? 
  or ... euro was based on the idea that both member states and markets would be rational actors . 
  if member states would practise fiscal policies that would be unsustainable , markets would raise interest rates that would in time force the state in question to fix its fiscal policies to be again sustainable . 
  however ... * practise has showed that it was wrong to think that state bureaucracies would be self-protecting and prevent actions that would compromise their own existence , examples of this include the greek state committing frauds to hide their debt , and spanish municipalities and regions engaging into investment programs that were too big and risky to be handled by them . 
  * `` the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent '' i would say that the reason why we are in this situation is because we trusted both member states and markets too much . 
  very unfortunate situation i have to say . 
  however another unfortunate fact is that there is finite amount of money to use , so it all comes to prioritizing . 
  for example in california the constitution dictates that payments are made first to education and then to debt service . 
  maybe what valencia needs to do is to prioritize payments , maybe in order of healthcare , education , debt service and everything else comes then . 
  the problem is n't in or out , the problem is that if britain does n't participate on further integration then the divide between it and the integrated core-europe will only deepen , and make it harder for future british governments to catch up even if they would want to . 
  the thing is that eurozone/core-europe would really need british influence , especially to advance economic liberalism , free trade , cutting of unnecessary red tape , etc. . . to act as a counter balance to france and few other countries that advance anything else than these values . 
  however british do n't seem to be interested on being in eurozone/core-europe and influencing it inside because it is mostly a french/german project , which has mainly been caused by britain not taking initiative , but only responding to french/german initiatives . 
  is the problem really that there is `` one family '' that owns the country , or is the problem that there is n't enough new wealth creation in the country ? 
  for example in us and other countries with functioning market economy there are loads of people with newly earned money , people like bill gates , warren buffet and larry ellison all earned their money by creating and investing . 
  so maybe instead of concentrating on people who are rich , people should concentrate on how to enable the market function so that more people are able to become rich ? 
  i and many of my friends have used the [ europass ] ( http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu/en/documents/curriculum-vitae ) for the last 4 years . 
  it has a nice web service where you can both build and update your cv . 
  all in all general rules for cvs have been ... * 2 pages , first page has personal details and work history , second page has education and everything else . 
  * when describing work experience , i have preferred to concentrate on results and roles . 
  * no photo ever . 
  people will try to guess your personality out of it and can jump into wrong conclusions . 
  we probably have to just agree that we disagree on our interpretations on what being neutral means . 
  however another thing to note is that many times it does n't matter what you think you are , it matters more what others think you are . 
  in this note it matters more what other eu members think your position is , and in a moment of truth it matters more what a potential aggressors think you are . 
  in my opinion the solidarity and mutual defence clauses have already made the deal . 
  an article about swedish views , also notes about finnish views ... [ views from the capitals - stockholm : the lisbon treaty 's solidarity clause ] ( http://www.europesworld.org/newenglish/home_old/partnerposts/tabid/671/postid/2242/language/en-us/default.aspx ) but in short , there are two articles , solidarity clause 222 and mutual defence clause 42.7 . 
  with these two clauses in effect , finland , austria , ireland and sweden are n't effectively neutral any more . 
  and the finnish parliament has n't made any declaration because they ratified the lisbon treaty . 
  why make fuss about something that is already a reality ? 
  finland has signed the lisbon treaty . 
  that is the key here . 
  signing it had consequences and one of those consequences was that finland was n't any more a neutral country , as made clear by the statement made by sauli niinist\u00f6 . 
  if you for example mean the position statement by sauli niinist\u00f6 , that was made during presidential elections . 
  usually these kind of position statements are being made as individuals , not voted in the parliament or made as formal decisions . 
  they are statements about the reality , on what commitments the state has done , and what that has come to mean . 
  of course during the time when european constitutions was drafted , that was later renamed to lisbon treaty , there was lot talk about a common security clause that obligates all member countries to act if any member state is being militarily attacked . 
  now there are written exceptions to this , but the current view is that the principle of common security overlaps those exceptions . 
  now that might sound strange that it is not the parliament that makes formal declarations , but this is how things are this country . 
  do things first and then make position statement on where the things have come to . 
  being allied with somebody can be more than having a military alliance . 
  in case of finland we are politically and economically deeply linked and allied with the european union - our fortunes go together . 
  while we are n't formally militarily allied with the union , in practise finnish interests would be to defend and help out other union countries in need . 
  now the reason why finland is n't in the nato is not because russia does n't want it , but because nato is largely us lead organization that is currently searching for a new task . 
  if we would join the nato , then we would more or less be obliged to join up us lead projects like the iraq war , and as we are rich and prosperous country with russia as our neighbour , i do n't think that we could just send a token of a force , but would really need to contribute . 
  another reason why finland has n't joined nato is because common european defence arrangement is around the corner , maybe a decade or two away , maybe less .
