  the state had dictated rents so low that building owners had no initiative to fix their buildings , not to mention that they could n't just fire of renters due to strong legislation protecting people who rent . 
  this has caused decay of buildings , has caused ineffective allocation of resources : buildings that should be in other use , or be rented with high rents , were not !, 
  no amount of fiscal transfers will fix productivity issues that stem from the state limiting the functioning of the market . 
  portugal , spain , italy and greece are in trouble because for too long their states have hundred the functioning of the market economy and thus their productivity growth has stagnated while in rest of the europe and world it has grown . 
   and , you also forget , the bonds cements that the eurozone do not care one bit about treaties and the law . 
  one is not supposed to put in conditions like that , nor take over anyones debt or bail anyone out according to the current treaties . 
  and , the ez countries are not even attempting to change the law , they just ignore it , like they have thousand times before . 
  i do not understand how one can be a part of , or want to build a currency union without even attempting to respect the law . 
  why would anyone follow this one , if you have n't followed any other law or treaty?why do n't the eurozone countries care about that ? 
  it seems that you did n't understand the note about bonds . 
  we are not talking about eurozone bonds , we are talking about bonds issued by individual member states . 
  they now have clauses that allow easy restructuring of them , thus removing a legal obstacle from member states in trouble to do what is necessary to keep things going on . 
   the report i linked to mentions that federal spending of at least 10 % gnp is required for the system to work . 
  but i guess your superior intellect can make it work with the current 1 % . 
  the report was written in 1977 . 
  the world and european economy has changed a lot from that . 
  not to mention that the article addressed largely asymmetric demand shocks , but eurozone countries actually really have n't suffered from those . 
  what eurozone has suffered has been bad public management that has included not only corruption but also major fraud committed by highest state officials in multiple eurozone countries . 
  you do n't really solve corruption and fraud with fiscal transfers , you solve that by either purging corrupt officials and throwing them into a jail with 99 year sentence , or you dismantle the state and all most of the public services . 
   we would end up with bankruptcies every few years then ... 
  in some time , that would teach citizens a valuable lesson on how to select politicians to run their countries . 
  the european union itself has fiscal transfers , without those transfers there would n't be any motorways in greece . 
  not to mention that if there would be american style fiscal transfers , they would be from north and south to eastern europe . 
  i do n't really see any need to for further fiscal transfers . 
  what we need are good mechanism to be able to handle collapse of banking and financial institutions and an orderly process to handle bankruptcy of a member state . 
  the answer is yes , more or less . 
  there are two big reasons why the situation in the eurozone will be different in the future . 
  * banking union , eurozone already has a common banking regulator and in a decades time it will have banking union that can take care of the financial sector and sort out any bank collapses . 
  of course there is lots of work to be done , but it is already on its way . 
  not to mention that banking union will start to really take speed when eurozone banks starts to merge into pan-european banks : this is largely made possible by the introduction of sepa system and currently the only reason why banks are holding back mergers and acquisitions is because they do n't know the future enough well . 
  * all new bonds issued by eurozone member states have clauses that allow restructuring of them , thus the next time a member state is in a verge of bankruptcy , the first thing that will be done is restructure and cut down debt in an orderly manner . 
  i know you are sarcastic , but ... euro actually works perfectly , it is a stable and trusted currency , like it should be . 
  the problems that the eurozone is suffering has much more to do with failed member states that do n't seem to get their act together . 
  european union is in a transformation phase were member states one by one are joining the eurozone . 
  the only countries that have legal agreement on not joining the eurozone are uk and denmark . 
  from those two denmark has already begged its currency to euro and it is only a matter of time before it joins the currency union . 
  so in this no it would n't be a better idea to shrunk the union to just eurozone members . 
  another thing to note is that the problem that the european union and the eurozone now is going throe , has less to do with decision making mechanism and more to do with money and power . 
  those holding money do n't want part from it without getting adequate power to make sure that the money is used correctly while those without money do n't want to give up their power to use money as they see fit . 
  why ? 
  i know more or less what i want and thus it is better to express it so that i 'm not wasting my or somebody else 's time . 
  i have to say that i do n't know what the usual situation is . 
  i myself have a policy that i always ask `` may i offer you '' which the girls usually reply either by `` you do n't need to thank you very much '' or `` yes , but i can also buy it '' . 
  the best kind of girls are those who can accept an offer , but then insist to offer me the next one . 
  then again many of the girls that i have dated have either earned more or less the same , or more than i do ... and my female friend who more or less concentrated dating successful guys was usually always offered everything ... then again my other female friend who usually hits so called bad boys from bars , when she goes out to dates , she usually has to pay for herself . 
  in case of conversations . 
  that is good question and again i have to say i do n't know . 
  i kinda think that it is a generational thing , younger generations are more open and more talkative . 
  then again , i and my friends mostly are other business people and it-consultants who do n't have any trouble expressing themselves , quite the contrary . 
  overall i would say that things have changed much from the past , but of course the culture really is different than for example in south or in east . 
  i 'm 33/m , got single a year and half ago after 4 year relationship . 
  dating in finland from my experience is based on ... * meeting people in bars . 
  when i was younger , 20 something , i solely found relationships from bars , usually things started from a one night stand and grew from that . 
  nowadays i do n't bother anymore hitting random good-looking/good-looking-when - you-are-drunk girls because there is just too much hassle and o-for-fuck-sakes moments . 
  however many of my friends , both male and female , still do it . 
  * meeting people via on-line dating . 
  this is my preferred way to date . 
  i have my profile in two different services . 
  the good thing about using on-line dating services that i can filter out both too young and too old , not to mention can make sure that the girl has finished her university studies and looks pretty enough . 
  its has been a good way to meet random people that i would have otherwise met : manager/director , consultants , doctor , teacher , journalist , opera singer , etc. . . 
  it has been fun and it is relaxed way to get to know people . 
  i usually am in contact and date multiple people in the same time , and the girls do it too . 
  if with somebody things move to more serious , then we agree to start seeing each other solely . 
  by the way few notices ... * the person with whom things have moved into more serious level has actually been a girl that studied in the same university , in the same time , for the same degree ... and we never met there , it felt very bizarre and interesting when we found out that we had so much in common . 
  * if you happen to be a female , between ages of 26-34 , over 170cm , slim , with a masters degree or doctoral , with no children but you want to have children and you live in helsinki ... contact me in private lets go for a date :d, 
  different places in europe are different . 
  north europe is different from south , so are west , central and eastern europe different from each other . 
  if some people have problem describing eastern eu member states as east european then rather complaining and bitching about it due to negative connotations associated with it , they should start to attach positive connotations to it . 
  if eastern european countries want to be associated to something else than being poor , undeveloped , uncivilized and uneducated , then they should do something to fix it . 
  they should copy from the best and transform their societies until they reach their goal . 
  and is there a reason why this needs to be implemented in the european level and not by member states themselves ? 
  the only reason i can think of is that people dreaming of a welfare state acknowledge that the people in their own home state do n't want to pay for it , and thus want to shift the whole issue to european level and making other people pay for it . 
  that is not going to work . 
  if people want to implement things such as unconditional basic income , then they need to implement it locally , like for example nordic countries have done : they have found the balance where all citizens get basic income that lets them live , but have also made sure that citizens are willing to pay for it ... 
  has deutsche bank gone bust ? 
  no it has n't . 
  have the italian and french state required bailouts ? 
  no they have n't . 
  they do n't need the help of european tax payers thus these are internal matters of member states . 
  however cyprus has required a bailout , thus its matter have come matters of the european tax payer , and when the european tax payer has to shelf out money then there needs to proper corrective measures to make sure these things do n't happen again . 
  but hey , why are you avoiding taking stand with cyprus ? 
  do you really think that the state did n't collude with banks to hide their bankcrupt state ? 
  are you really saying that the state did n't commit fraud ? 
  because to me you are totally avoiding taking stand on where you stand . 
  sounds like a working federal state ... or you do prefer that serios crimes and fraud committed by leading politicians go unpunished ? 
  did germany ask bailout from other eurozone states ? 
  no it did n't . 
  did the german state commit a fraud to try to solve its problems ? 
  no it did n't . 
  for example cyprus , the state committed a fraud together with cypriot banks . 
  the cypriot banks were toasted the moment the greek state made a hair cut to their bonds , they should have gone bankcrupt the minute the news hit the wire . 
  but did they go bust ? 
  no they did n't , because they tried to cover everything with the help of the cypriot state until even the state could n't handle it anymore . 
  and now they are bankcrupt . 
  now let me ask you a question , should these kind of actions go unpunished ? 
  should the european tax payers just bend over and hand blank cheque and ask kindly that the cypriot state acts like a state and not group of bandits ? 
  i say throw everybody into jail , including politicians , bankers , burecracts , etc. . . until the society has been clensed from corrupt elements . 
  after this has been done , a proper reconstruction can be done , but not any sooner . 
  we can do this when we have federal prosecutor and federal troops that can go to a member state , for example cyprus , arrest the whole political leadership , put the county under marshall law and under receivership where federal authorities will restructure the country and society until it can be admitted back to community of law abiding member states . 
  do you actually know what electricity prices are in other countries ?
