  for example in finland after the collapse of the soviet union , there was big push to appreciate veterans and the defensive victory they achieved . 
  however only in the last 10-15 years it has come to public talk that the finnish state did actually take part in operation barbarossa , that the continuation war was n't just some mishap of history . 
  also it has taken time to accept into public image that finnish had concentration camps in occupied territories and their management was mismanaged - something that definitely constituted a war crime . 
  this all was more or less buried under the victimization , under the soviet/russian aggression against finland . 
  in my opinion when we look at history , especially recent history , we have to judge things as they are - a war crime is a war crime - a crime against humanity is a crime against humanity . 
  accepting history as it is , does n't diminish for example heroic deeds . 
  i for example had a long net conversation with russian lady , she told that her buildings housekeeper had been a concentration camp inmate when he was child , and had been traumatized by it . 
  to her surprise i told that it was known in finland that there were concentration camps , that it was judged being wrong , i was and am sorry for her housekeeper to have had to suffer like that . 
  however in the same time i 'm not sorry that my forefathers did fight for this country , they did big sacrifices for the future generations . 
  lastly , while europe needs to discuss more , and actively acknowledge more , i feel that the biggest white elephant in the european room is russia . 
  while ussr in its last year did start the process of discussing about sore subjects in its late history , the whole talk about it has died in the putins russia and been replaced by patriotic , nationalistic and imperialist view to history . 
  that is very unfortunate as when european and russian perspectives to war diverge even more , it can and it has created animosity between the two . 
  [ digitally imported - classic eurodance ] ( http://listen.di.fm/public3/classiceurodance.pls ), 
  from finnish point of view the problem is that our educational system from collages to universities are tightly linked with industrial development programs and programs to enhance competitiveness of our economy . 
  moving funding of universities to eu-level would disrupt this , it would also make our university system less flexible to changes . 
  actually , in case of austria and belgium , a solution for your problems is simple : do n't take everybody in who applies . 
  in finland universities negotiate with the state how many persons are taken into to study per year - this number is based on forecast industry needs - and entrance examination then will decide on who will get in and who wo n't . 
  the thing is that all european countries by themselves are too small to deal with global and risings powers such as usa , china and india . 
  actually even big european countries have trouble dealing with major regional powers such as russia or iran . 
  the only way forward is to combine power . 
  in case of defence most european countries have already allied their forces together under nato . 
  however some countries like sweden and finland have n't as nato is seen perhaps too much us orientated and serving too much us interests . 
  this propably is the feeling too in france and germany who for long have have wanted to fulfill their weu originated plans . 
  all in all , i think that eu member states are quite ready for common euroarmy , it is just a question of how and when . 
  in case of foreign policy , the thing is that in practise the eu already deals with the most important matter of foreign policy : trade . 
  of course big powers such as us , china and russia use foreign policy as a tool for their imperial and power games , but as the eu is a largely post-imperial project , contained and being content on concentrating to internal european matters , foreign policy is n't that important thing . 
  i think that has been the target all along . 
  the only question has more or less been how to archieve it . 
  i will try to get you helsinki from senate square next monday or tuesday ... 
  following things should removed from national governments to the eu ... * foreign policy including services and embassies * defence , creation of euroarmy and reorganization of current armed forces into national guards * banking and financial regulator : european fdic and sec with ecb backing other matters like social , education and culture policies should be firmly left to national governments . 
  nordic council is largely a historic rudiment , something that really does n't interest anybody ... at least our foreign minister [ thought so ] ( http://www.hs.fi/english/article/stubb+apologises+for+heated+remarks+at+nordic+council+meeting/1135269802116 ) when he muttered after a meeting of the council that it was shit . 
  i think that the whole eurocrisis discussion is too german centric . 
  instead of asking how to move germans to support bailouts , what we should be asking is how much power and authority can member states give to the union ... for example people are now discussing about having a banking union , but people demanding it have failed to say what are they going to give to the union in return . 
  in short , in good times spanish and irish banks pay big amounts of money in taxes to their respective states , in bad times when they go bust , it is the european tax payer that has to rescue them , but has the european tax payer gotten any of those taxes the banks paid in good times ? 
  the answer is no and as long as that is the case so long the european taxpayer money ca n't be used to bail them out . 
  if we are going to have deeper integration , member states not only have to give up things that burden them , but also things that benefit them in good times . 
  yes of course , why are you asking ? 
   no , it 's corruption . 
  all countries are equal , but some are more equal than others , to paraphrase orwell . 
  if the ez had followed their own rules ( debt 60 % of gdp etc ) they would not be in this mess . 
  second , they have billions of euros to pay in fines for not following them . 
  third - if you say one can just change the rules , does that apply to all the countries and all the rules or is it something the ez can decide . 
  it 's nothing but hypocracy , double standard and corruption . 
  otherwise , sweden/denmark/uk can decide not to follow the rules too - why should we ? 
  why do n't we abstain for paying for a few years , it seems like all the rules are for bending , which you have pointed out . 
  call it politics then , if it suits you . 
  you ca n't claim that just the ez countries rules are for bending , or do you honestly have that much double standard . 
  all countries are equal in principle , but in reality due to some countries being bigger or having more money than others , they in practice have much more power than others . 
  this is just how things are , not only inside in the european union , but also in the bigger world . 
  with the eu at least there are common procedures and an independent body guiding the organization and decision making . 
  sweden/denmark/uk could very well try to not obey the rules and for example not pay their membership fees , but that would be very unwise as they would be in minority and could n't get the other states to accept their stance . 
  do remember that even when france and germany force their way so to say it , they do it via negotiations where some sort of consensus or acceptance from all countries is gotten . 
   says who ? 
  a lot of economist/banks/other countries says the euro is stupid from the start , and i hardly have to mentioning everything that is wrong with it . 
  that some people in the ez countries do n't want to admit failure does n't give them right to stamp on other countries , take money from them and ignore rules and laws . 
  the point of euro is closer integration of the european union by fusing different economies together into a single entity . 
  the end result of this process will be an european superstate , a new super power in the world stage that can protect and advance european interests in the wider world . 
  this is the end result and this is for the benefit of all europeans . 
   exactly . 
  all those tools and money goes to something the ez messed up , something we said no to . 
  then the ez should write their own treaties , get their own institutions . 
  barroso does n't act like a eu president ( of the comission , i know ) , he acts like ez president . 
  there are countries , like bulgaria , who are way poorer than greece , put some time and effort into them . 
  eurozone is the european union , it is the heart of the union , it contains most of the population , most of the industry , most of the trade and most of the political power . 
  if you remove the eurozone from the european union you wo n't have union at all . 
  this is a fact . 
  this is the reason why barroso acts like the president of the eurozone and why the union concentrates on the eurozone . 
   yes , but there is no date on that , so technically it can be in 100 years . 
  second , then they should ask us what they do with the ez money , but they do n't , they just want us to pay more . 
  third , we have a de facto opt out link . 
  i 'd personally rather that sweden opt out , than join . 
  there is no date , but the european commission has the ability to start proceeding against a country they deem not to be following their treaty obligation . 
  in essence this is a political question and when the time and situation is right , the commission will start the procedure , it may take a decade or two , but sooner or later countries have to decide are they on the eurozone and thus in the union , or are they out . 
   nothing you have said explains why countries that does n't follow rules does n't get punished ( they are supposed to if they do n't follow the rules ) . 
  when did we vote about that ? 
  when was that pact re-written . 
  it never was , ez just plainly ignored the rules . 
  how on earth is that not undemocratic and corrupt ? 
  can sweden ignore rules too ? 
  can we ignore paying for example ? 
  other countries do n't care , why should we ? 
  or , you play by the rules and start punishing countries that disobey . 
  rules change based on how things go on . 
  the maastrict treaty and the eurozone were established on assumptions that have now been shown to been not adequate and now there is push to change the rules . 
  that is how things are and will be . 
  it is politics . 
   also , how can funds just be directed towards the ez when it 's demanded by big countries . 
  do n't we have a budget ? 
  why not ? 
  it is for the good of the union that the eurozone will get things right and countries in trouble can be sorted out right . 
  all of the union will benefit from that as they one day can enter a better eurozone . 
  how the eurozone functions is dictated by european union treaties , current institutions like the ecb ca n't assume new responsibilities or new ways of doing things without treaty changes , new institutions also ca n't be established without treaty changes . 
  that is why the european union needs to put time and effort to negotiate a new solution that establishes a new european union treaty . 
  it should also be noted that this is n't really about money as almost all eu net contributes are part of the eurozone , only uk , sweden and denmark from net payers are out of it . 
  this is about how the eurozone organizes itself and how it uses its own tools to work and function . 
  you should also remember that all eu countries excluding uk and denmark have an treaty obligation to join the eurozone . 
  while swedish did vote against joining the eurozone , this is n't a permanent state of affairs as the treaty obligation that sweden accepted when joining the eu still stands . 
  and in case of the financial crisis in sweden and finland in the beginning of 90s , that crisis was long over when both countries joined the union , 1993 was the last crisis year , 1994 and 1995 were already growth years with stabilization of the economic situation . 
  i know few somali women and one of them told that ... women from south like men from north and northern men like women from east ... she defended her stance that it was genetics driving people to do so ... do n't know about that , but as they all already had finnish citizenship , they propably were just following their instances and did n't have any other motivations for it . 
   if true finns continue to increase their influence , in case of a true federal jump , finland might decide to keep its aaa for itself and simply leave .
