  however besides austerity there should be an european investment program mainly targeted to private sector to jump start investment in it , this should help the whole continent . 
  another thing to do is to remove banking authority from member states to ecb backed institution , this again should help member states especially spain , ireland and greece . 
  you do understand that the money the eu is lending to greece comes from other member states . 
  should other member states be punished by requiring loaning endless amounts of money to greece ? 
  besides is it really punishment to open up the labour market , cut down government bureaucracy , privatize or end loss making state companies , etc. . 
  these are all remedies to the current situation . 
  also is cutting down services , benefits and pensions really punishment . 
  if so then is n't the whole eastern europe being punished now ? 
  should the richer eu countries pay money to them so that they could raise them up ? 
  i 'm sorry , but sometimes drastic measures have to be made . 
  [ gdp per capita argentina ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=gdp+per+capita+argentina+1980+2010 ) and like i said before , argentina did n't ever rebound to their pre-crisis gdp/per capita even as the whole world was having a boom of a generation and commodity prices were shooting sky high . 
  iceland did n't discriminate based on nationality , what they did was to only cover savers who were customers in the icelandic branches of the collapsed banks . 
  now was this discrimination based on nationality or not will be decided by the efta court , if their judgement is that iceland did discriminate based on nationality , then iceland has to obey the decision or secede from efta and eea . 
  in my opinion uk and netherlands should have straight away referred this case to a court . 
  however they did n't do that because it is n't clear that they would receive a favourable judgement . 
  actually in my honest opinion icelandic government did n't discriminate based on nationality as they covered everybody in the icelandic brances regardless of their nationality . 
  iceland has n't defaulted their foreign debt and they have n't told the imf to ram it . 
  what iceland did was to not recognize that it was responsible for the debts that its banks had in the uk and netherlands into to a full amount . 
  right now the matter is in the handling of the efta surveillance authority which will make a decision over it in time . 
  so the ecb has to write a blank cheque ? 
  and everything will be a-okey if/when greece moves to use drachma ? 
  i 'm sorry , but this opinion piece is worthless as it does n't even try to account the complex situation and what every option hides , nor is it even intellectually honest : argentina did n't ever rebound to their pre-crisis gdp/per capita figures and now they are again on verge of another economic collapse . 
  well what is going to work ? 
  the fact of the matter is that greece is n't productive enough to sustain their current standard of living . 
  largely this is because the public sector that is too large and inefficient , and which prevents the private sector to work at full speed . 
  this is the crux of the problem in greece . 
  the only way to tackle this is austerity that cuts down public sector , preferably by cutting down number of persons working for the state and not by simply cutting down their salaries . 
  of course shredding public sector jobs will increase unemployment . 
  this should be countered by injection of money into the economy in form of investments , however in both greece and spain states are incompetent to do that , thus money would need to be injected into the private sector . 
  however doing this in form of setting up european institutions and policies to do that are hard and can fail . 
  and still , there would be large scale long term unemployment in all troubled states as it is hard for people transform from doing something to doing something else . 
  i would also like to add that ... * increasing wages of german workers does n't necessarily work . 
  in highly developed economies where wages are already quite high , increase of wages will lead to increase of automation and decrease of manufacturing workforce . 
  for example in japan there are 295 robots per 10000 worker while in germany 163 and in spain 84 , while the european average is 50 . 
  * money does n't just disappear . 
  while wages of german workers have n't grew , profits of german companies have went up and so has dividends that they have paid to their stockholders . 
  holders of capital of course like to invest that it and not to consume it , but that is just another opportunity . 
  maybe if southern european states had more capitalistic economies with more market friendly policies there would be more private investment to them . 
  lastly , i think that blaming germany is little bit short-sighted . 
  while germany is a major actor in the eu , they are not alone . 
  i would blame more on other member states on not going public with alternative plans . 
  for example no member state has suggested that banking and finance should be made a european competence , that member states should surrender their authority over banking sector the eu in exchange for the european institutions taking care and dealing with banking crises . 
  this would straight away save both ireland and spain , it would also make possible for the greek economy to recover if the state would go bankrupt : european authorities would save the banks and the private sector . 
  yes , but how much olive oil one can buy ? 
  and why should i specifically buy greek olive oil if there are better and cheaper substitutes ? 
  in my opinion , the problem is n't the ability of the german consumers to buy olive oil , but greece relying on exporting commodities which price is only going to fall . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i think that he is right , but he fails to tell that the greek exit and the ensuing panic that would follow it would lead the eu/eurozone for a route of very fast reforms in order to survive . 
  i myself think that what the eu needs is separation of crisis policies and institutions dealing with them . 
  * banking crises should be handled by european fdic and sec with backing of the ecb , this of course requires common banking regulations and a common regulator . 
  * structural crises would need a european imf backed again with ecb , this would need even bigger reforms , like the ability of the eimf set up punishments for member states failing to back emergency loans back to them , for example freezing their eu voting rights for a fixed time . 
  not to mention that if greece would leave the euro and the worst would happen in a form of a greek civil war , the rest of the europe would need to quickly formulate policies and institutions to answer what needs to be done if a eu member state collapses or goes into a state of anarchy . 
  hopefully the situation does n't come to this and the eu and greece can fix problems with out a serious escalation of the current crisis . 
  it is not in the interest of anybody to fix issues after the damage has been done when they could have been fixed before . 
  edit : fixed some spelling . 
  this bank was formed in 2010 out of regional savings banks that were in terrible condition . 
  in 2011 the bank was listed into madrid stock exchange to raise capital . 
  the previous president , rodrigo rato , assumed his position in caja madrid in 2010 , he can be hardly blamed for the current crisis . 
  in my opinion it is wrong in this case to say that benefits were privatized while losses were socialized as these were savings banks . 
  furthermore savings banks , regional cajas , were almost completely unregulated by the spanish state leading them to have deep political connections to all parties from left and right . 
  when cajas jumped to the property markets in force , they were n't just serving the interests of property developer , they were also serving the interests of unions and workers , providing funding to provide ever more work and opportunities for the people . 
  the spanish banking crisis is n't simple one , you ca n't just blame one side of it the banks , but completely forget how the rest of the society where with them too . 
  the responsibility of the failures of cajas falls to the whole society . 
  would they really be more in tune with the newly elected french government ? 
  from my point of view sdp and cdu do n't have that much differing views on the eurocrisis and how to solve it . 
  it would also probably be a political suicide for any german party to forgive debts to troubled countries or monetize their debt . 
  there is actually a third option ... what you have to know is that greece has three types of creditors : private creditors who already made debt swap/restructuring deal ; public creditors who are the other eu states who have loaned money via imf and eu institutions ; and the ecb that has been buying greek debt from the markets since the start of the crisis . 
  negotiating a debt deal with private and public creditors is more or less impossible . 
  with private creditors it will cause collateral damage around the world and will make sure that greece wo n't be getting any new loans from the markets in the next several decades . 
  with public creditors the situation is even harder as other member states have loaned money from the markets to loan it to greece , if greece would renege from this debt , there would be unprecedented anti-greece sentiment in europe . 
  the only creditor that can negotiate with the greeks is the ecb . 
  ecb has bought greek bonds in discount from the markets , some estimates put this to around 30 % discount . 
  what the ecb could do is to transfer this discount to greeks via new debt swap deal . 
  however the problem with this is that it is more or less the last leniency that the eu can afford to give , after that the greek state has to be able to take care of the debt that is has accumulated , and that means continuation of austerity measures and restructuring of the state expenditures . 
  i myself strongly believe that in the coming months we will see a deal with the new greek government and the ecb on transferring the discount of the greek state . 
  that is the only way on how newly elected parties can save their face and markets and member states wo n't incur losses . 
  i did n't say that it is only hard work , it is hard work combined with efficient usage of resources and ability to change throe time . 
  for example during the 60s and 70s in both finland and sweden ship building was a major industry , however in the 80s south korean builders started to flood the global market with cheaper freight ships . 
  the swedish shipyards did n't admit that they were unable to compete with price , and invested heavily to automatize their product , and thus keep in the mass market . 
  the finnish shipyards admitted straight away that they had snowballs change in hell to compete with koreans . 
  thus they made the decision to concentrate into passenger and cruise ships , a much smaller market , but a market that needed much more know-how than building ships in bulk . 
  both the finnish and swedish had the know-how , but only finnish shipyards admitted it and changed with time . 
  today there are no swedish shipyards , but finland there is still shipbuilding industry , of course the industry does n't have the same scale that it used to have , but it is better to change with times than to fight out and die . 
  another example from the national level is the transformation of the finnish economy to a knowledge based economy that largely happened in the 90s . 
  in the beginning of 90s finland had major depression which was a combination of collapse of exports to ussr , decline of exports to western markets due to high labour costs , collapse of the local housing bubble , etc. . . during the depression official unemployment grew to nearly 20 % and many traditional industries and companies went bust . 
  in that situation the state saw that we could n't compete with low cost countries , the only option to maintain the standard of living would be build competitiveness on know-how . 
  this lead to doubling of intake of collages and universities , funnelling money not only to public research programs , but also investing into research partnerships with private industries and companies . 
  of course there were few mistakes like investing lots of money into biotech , and currently there is discussion of is investing into startups and venture capital firms bringing enough results . 
  then again thanks to these programs there are many domestic and foreign high tech companies here , and many traditional industrial sectors have added high tech elements to their products and services . 
  i also must point out that flexibility in our society has increased dramatically in the last 20 years . 
  in the 70s and 80s it was very hard and costly for firms to restructure and axe jobs . 
  today there are still rules that companies must follow , but it is much easier to fire people . 
  and this is good , this is very good . 
  firms can change when they need , and people keep themselves more competitive as they know that there are no jobs for life . 
  i for example in the last 3 years , in two different companies have been in 4 to 5 co-operative negotiations , in my current firm they just shredded 20 % of the workforce in finland . 
  but it is all good , we have to concentrate on things that make money , and when the good times come again there will be a hiring boom , and the people will find new jobs as many foreign companies have just lately landed here to take advance of the available workforce . 
  now to your question about other reason . 
  in case of historic circumstances , industrialization started later in finland than in other parts of europe . 
  the first industrial firms were mainly started up by foreign investors that manufactured simple things here benefiting from low cost labour . 
  actually finland was still after the second world war mainly an agrarian society , the country came an industrial society in the 50s and 60s .
