  now , past is past , but the future mechanism that we create should be one that are fair to all . 
  in case of financial markets , in the eurozone the only fair way to deal with it in the future is to transfer both rewards and risks to the eu . 
   note that it is expected from a country to pay for its banking depts , possibly borrowing money from the esm if necessary , if at all able . 
  i think we have not yet seen this done for spain , since it borrowed as a country from the esm . 
  which is n't that risky anyhow , provided the country is sufficiently tightly assessed and controlled until the danger has passed . 
  well , except one can apparently not necessarily trust expert economic opinion and analysis if one is to judge by the effects such a policy has in greece . 
  it is under great question on can the southern states at all reinvent their economies to create new growth . 
  it is just not the banking crisis . 
  southern states have n't worked enough in order to fair in global competition , and as competition will increase , their ability to compete will decrease even further if drastic measures are n't taken . 
  not to mention the pension time bombs , there are n't enough money in pension funds to fund future pensions and future generations are smaller than ones retiring . 
  the markets have already given their judgement - things are unsustainable . 
   one could change the priorities of what the central bank should be doing , yes , by changing the treaties , and i agree it would be a positive step . 
  but still , as long as the banking is truly independent , the states just can not count on it behaving the way the government ( s ) want , and hence the need for an extra fiscal instrument for a financial crisis situation . 
  one needs to change priorities of the ecb as all extra fiscal instruments are insufficient when they have finite amount of money to use . 
  what i will think that is going to happen is that there will be more and more places where the esm needs to put money , and as more and more money is used , the less there is in the instrument , and the more nervous the markets will be leading to ever increasing circle of death . 
  for example in case of greece , most of their debt is already to other member states , and they will need bailout after bailout to make sure that they do n't default their debts to other eu member states . 
  that is just crazy . 
  it will only lead to markets starting to speculate on ability of better rated countries to continue with current course . 
  poland is culturally very near germans and other central europeans . 
   hm , how is eu suddenly supposed to get those powers ? 
  status of an european company is volutary , and there 's nothing eu taxes for now except nation states and customs . 
  and there 's a fierce battle about taxation powers . .   but in any case , i do n't see how the ownership of the banks matters when dealing w systemic crises of financial system . . 
  in good times when banks and financial firms make big profits , they pay big dividends and big bonuses to employees that the state then taxes these - this is their profit . 
  however in bad times when banks and financial institutions start to go bust , it is suddenly a systemic crisis and everybody needs to chip on . 
  essentially some member states get benefits , while others only share the cost . 
  that ca n't be right . 
  what needs to be done is that the eu , not the member states , taxes banks and financial firms , thus removing financial motivation from member states to give a blind eye to their banks in hope of short term gains for the economy . 
  as to how can this be achieved , easily , just change the treaties . 
   it has been agreed that the common funds can be used to directly bailout banks , and not just to give them to the states etc. 
  also , the suggestions are that the bank 's will participate in a common deposit insurance schemes , and have a central regulatory body etc etc. 
  that is taxpayer money that is put under risk . 
  why the hell as an finnish taxpayer should i risk my money to save an spanish bank ? 
  what is it in for me ? 
  there is big possibility , a risk , that the money wo n't never be paid back , not to mention that a bigger risk that the money wo n't ever come back with an interest that would have gained investing the same money in open markets . 
   and what is supposed to force the ecb to do anything ? 
  why would they take the risks ? 
  they 're independent , like any proper central bank , there is no power on this planet that can make the ecb bailout anyone they do n't want to ( and they 're explicitly forbidden from certain forms of helping countries with their balance sheets ) . 
  the thing is that if the ecb does n't open up its coffers , then there is only finite amount of money to for example bailout banks and financial institutions , and that means there is a risk of system crash - possibility that there wo n't be enough money . 
  just look at the us , fdic has long ago depleted its own reserves and if it would n't be for the fed pumping money , they would have had a system crash . 
  again what needs to be done is to change the treaties . 
  it is in the interest of the ecb that the eurozone banking systems works , if banks and financial firms start go bust in domino effect , something needs to be done and the only one that can do something is the ecb . 
   ... and print inflation , which they 're tasked to defend against as their primary mission ... pls , this is just nonsense . . and there is huge hyperinflation in the us , people are desperate to find strong leader that will sort things out ... not so . 
  printing money in this situation is the only thing that will keep deflation out , and currently there is huge risk of euroarea going into deflationary mode . 
   experience with lehman brothers , systemic effects on the financial markets , as closely knit as on this continent , etc ? 
  in any case , they are able to go bankrupt - its entirely their business whether they 'll go bust , or be restructured with imf conditionality ... 
  in reality they are n't able to go bankrupt , for example greece should have defaulted in 2008 , however their banks , pension funds and many other banks in the eu area would have gone bust . 
  political pressure from germany and france forced the greeks on not declaring bankruptcy , and then forced the other eurozone states to bailout greece , which essentially was a one big bailout of german and french banks . 
  like i said before , it ca n't be right , that some get benefits while others get the bill . 
  i think there is more need for people that are able to do mechatronics . 
  automation and it engineers are also in big need , and these are probably areas that will grow . 
  my co-worker for example just joined a startup that specializes on building fully automated garbage assortment lines . 
  the startup is the first to come out of an fund that specialize on using artificial intelligence to automate industrial work . 
  federal europe is good , but the problem is that all the plans until today have been stupid . 
  lets take for example ... * the banking union ... 
  instead of making all banks europe companies and letting only the eu tax them , and bailout them by using unlimited coffers of the ecb , we are just going to use the eu to transfer money via esm/whatever from a member state to a member state . 
  oh , and we also let member states to tax them , so ensure we will have another banking crisis another day . 
  * the ecb and the balance sheet ... why does the ecb has to worry about balance sheets ? 
  it is a god damn central bank with fiat money , if they need more money , they snap their fingers , there is no real need to worry about accumulating capital from member states , etc. . . 
  it is a god damn central bank , it should have rules that would enable it act fully as one . 
  * the single market only works if you keep states out of it . 
  for example how hard it is for the french politicians to understand that it is unacceptable for them is to prevent psa from shutting down a factory ? 
  if psa wants to shutdown factory , they do it . 
  they do n't need some outsider to help them with that decision . 
  if they want to move their whole god damn company out of france to for example romania , that is their god damn decision and the politicians need to keep their noses out of it . 
  * member states and finances ... why is it so hard to accept that member states need to be able to go bankrupt ? 
  going bankrupt is good , it is much better than to stay in uncertainty . 
  yes , it might mean that pensioners loose their pensions , bureaucrats their jobs , etc. . but there is nothing else that teaches hard economic reality better than a bankruptcy . 
  and another thing , federal europe should be federation of member states , it should n't act or emulate a nation state . 
  for example people in here many times just copy the model the us had and totally forgetting that us is a nation state . 
  in europe we have strong states that work , we should leverage that to our advantage . 
  you might want to check the [ eu blue card ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/internal_market/living_and_working_in_the_internal_market/l14573_en.htm ) ... 
  at first i thought you had these two as electives in high school , but after i used google , i learned that what you were talking about was british undergraduate degree classifications . 
  my first tip is , when somebody ask what degree you have , first specify do you have bachelor or master degree , then mention that you have first class honors . 
  that said , depending on your work experience , you might want to start browsing web pages of big consulting firms and then if not lucky look up small to medium sized consulting firms . 
  besides you having a degree , your biggest asset is that you are american and you know american culture , and you can be helpful asset when dealing or exporting to us . 
  especially if you have sales/marketing friendly personality then this could be your angel of attack to get that job from a european company . 
  of course if you have another personality , you need to think again on what value you could provide for a european firm . 
  another tip that comes to my mind is that you should create a cv in a standard format , for example use [ europass ] ( http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu/en/home ) to generate and automatically format it . 
  because it europass , you will be probably forgiven that your cv in another format than what is locally expected . 
  another tip is that you need to have a linkedin profile , so that you have an online presence . 
  that said , i think you have real possibility to get a job from europe . 
  just remember that getting a job is a mix of right kind of marketing , and repetition , you might to have apply for hundreds of firms online to get few emails back , or make endless amounts of calls to hr departments on are they interested on your kind of guys ... of course i do n't know you , you might get that job with a one phone call . 
  simple , investors do n't see that the spanish , greek and italian economies would fare well in the future , thus they do n't see that these states would have the ability to continue as things are . 
  however things can change . 
  if spain and italy concentrate to liberate their economies , making them better places to do business , in a way that will make investors to trust their economic future , then they will loan them money with lower interest rates . 
  the same is true with greece , however the amount of reforms is much bigger and goes much more into the heart of the greek culture . 
  do you have a degree ? 
  what are your skills ? 
  do n't know a web site that would tell much , but here are few things out my memory ... 
  when tvo held tender for building up a new nuclear reactor to olkiluoto , areva won the deal by having a very low bid . 
  even in then it was thought that areva would n't be making any profit out of the deal , they wanted the deal to have real demonstration project of the epr to have a reference to enable them to sell more reactors to other buyers . 
  problems with the project started almost right away . 
  one of the main reasons for this was that areva had actually never ever build a reactor by themselves . 
  in france the edf , \u00c9lectricit\u00e9 de france , had been in charge on actual building projects , companies that formed the edf had just been suppliers . 
  so from the beginning there were deficiencies in project management , however this was n't the biggest problem that areva had , it was their attitude ... my friend works for tvo and he is designated to be one of the people actually running and taking care of the plant . 
  to be able to operate the reactor they need to understand all the little details . 
  when they started to get instructors and specialists from areva , they instantly noted that people sent here were not at all prepared to actually answer any serious let alone complex questions regarding the reactor . 
  to them it seemed that the people of areva thought that they were just simple country folk that would be satisfied to be teach just simple things with a slideshow . 
  the same continued with regards of the finnish nuclear regulator . 
  they did n't have complete plants , and they were n't expecting that the nuclear regulator would actually go throe the plans and actually make them do further clearing of things or changes to their plans .
