  for example in greece large amounts of people have scammed the state for decades , not to mention that many of those 27 % of unemployed in spain are actually working . 
  if there is going to be common unemployment fund , then there needs to be common social and unemployment services ; common social and labor legislation ; common federal investigation to crack down on corruption . 
  i 'm afraid that the only way to tackle for example corruption is to throw any public employe caught from corruption to mandatory jail time . 
  not to mention that people and employers caught scamming the state also need to put into prison too . 
  the problem doing anything that starts with the word common is that there is very little truest , do i truest italian authorities ? 
  or the spanish ones ... hell no . 
  and the only way to increase my truest to the system is that the system starts to harshly punish any one that crosses is over . 
  rich have invested their money real estate and stocks , they do n't actually hold large amounts of money . 
  if you are a rich person , mild or semi-high inflation is just a-okey as it will dump down wages . 
   however , there are other ways to bring about change than to force countries that have dangerously high unemployment to render their workforces more flexible . 
  actually what is wrong on workforce being flexible ? 
  what is the big problem on letting companies do what they do best ? 
   my suggestion would be a common unemployment fund , that would step in to provide support provided governments implemented structural reform programs . 
  and who exactly would pay for this ? 
  i 'm sorry , but this sounds just another way to conduct wealth transfers from well doing countries to troubled ones . 
  not to mention that when someone else is paying unemployment benefits , then countries with high unemployment have zero initiative to actually deal with the problem . 
   more aggregate demand in the system would help the peripheral countries restore their public finances . 
  this is more or less false . 
  for this to work increased demand in core countries would need to generate more demand for products and services coming from troubled countries . 
  however the problem is that people really do n't need more holiday apartments in spain not to mention there is only so much that a person can consume olive oil . 
   for example , at the moment german three year bonds have an interest rate close to zero and a ten-year rate of 1.5 % , so it gets money almost for free . 
  if these countries became more expansionary it would have a relatively fast effect . 
  and what exactly they would need to do so that the increased demand in core would trickle down to troubled countries ? 
  lately the increased demand that i have generated has largely gone to asia , buying new nikon camera and ordering a new nokia lumia ( most components come from asia and assembly is also done there ) . 
  the only thing that i have been considering is changing my toyota to alfa-romeo , but the problem with alfas are that they have n't been designed and manufactured for northern climate . 
  no amount of increase of money in my hands would put me to swap my toyota to a alfa , if the quality/endurance is n't there . 
  please , could you actually describe in practice how increase in demand in core countries would trickle down to troubled countries ? 
  i do n't remember the name of the tv-series that has been running in one of the finnish tv-channels , it was british , and it dealt with holiday apartment nightmares . 
  there was one case where the foundation was so badly did that the house was teared into two parts , making it unlivable and dangerous , not to mention worthless . 
  build by a big spanish construction firm . 
  another case where a couple who had build a house in spain , they thought that everything was a-okey , they had building permits , zoning rights etc. . . done ... 
  but then the local government decided that they actually did n't have right to build that house there , and decided to demolish that . 
  the couple complained to a court , but local authorities still decided to demolish the house . 
  the funny thing was that they did n't demolish car garage , because according to them it was n't breaking any zoning restrictions ... yeah ... that is 200k euro damages done . 
    is the property really mine if i buy it ? 
   what do you mean ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/property/expatproperty/8822179/criticism-for-property-service-run-by-spanish-government.html )   adding this new decree will only make thing worse . 
   why would this affect you ? 
  too many homeless will affect you . 
  yes it does . 
  people who inhabit neighborhood impact the valuation of that said neighborhood . 
  in helsinki i live in middle to upper middle class neighborhood , people who live in here are apple to live in here because they have means to earn enough money to live in here . 
  if i buy holiday property , i expect that people living in the neighborhood satisfy certain standard . 
  it is a nice holiday destination , not to mention that a holiday apartment could easily be used as an retreat destination during the winter , or nice setting to conduct brain storming exercises or doing group work . 
  italy has n't enjoyed economic growth in the last decade . 
  they have had high debt to gdp rate for a very long time . 
  not to mention that their political system is dysfunctional and key national indicators such as child per women are very depressing concerning the future ... you always have to take into consideration the context , what is happening and where . 
  spain bought lots of concrete , lots of lots of concrete . 
  and that was the problem , building too much too fast . 
  yes , many people made money with it and bought german luxury cars , but that was just the tip of the iceberg . 
  greece on the other hand , the greek state committed a fraud . 
  actually there was influx of capital that came in with finnish companies that had record high profits and record high dividends that were all taxable . 
  if the finnish state had mismanaged that , then they would have spend it for example increasing construction and thus increasing the construction and property bubble , but instead they elected to decrease debt . 
  i would like to say that finland has managed recession of 2008 in a satisfactory manner , or lets say better that finland managed the growth better . 
  check out [ gdp growth rate history ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=greek%2c+spanish%2c+portuguese%2c+finland+gdp+growth+rate ) . 
  the growth in finland in 00s has been as fast than in for example spain , the difference in here was that the state started actively to cool down economic activity by for example decreasing public construction projects . 
  yes , but if the economy is well managed it can take easily generate 30 or 50 years of continuous growth that will transform a third world country into a first world country . 
  and yes of course there will be a transformation period , but even so the people are much better off than with having high gdp than having nothing ... not to mention that to transform the whole world look like europe , us or japan can easily take 100 to 200 years . 
  edit : just take a look of [ gdp per capita history ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=greek%2c+spanish%2c+portuguese%2c+cyprus+gdp+per+capita ) in currently troubled countries , remember to use liner scale . 
  when you look at it , you can note that even after crisis , people in general are still better of than they were before the fast growth pulse of 00s . 
  not really , and not by germans . 
  the greek economic bubble was formed by the state committing fraud of investors by falsifying state finances , making size of debt to size of deficits a lot smaller than they were , allowing more money to be loaned . 
  the spanish construction and property bubbles were largely formed by fed issued cheap money flooding the markets after 9/11 , not to mention that british too invested lots of money to spain . 
  in the case of spain , the thing were things went horrible false was public sector engaging to building and infrastructure projects that were doomed to be financial failures from the get-go . 
  without public sector mistakes there would only be a melted property market , not a collapsed property market . 
  one reason more why buying property from spain is n't in my list of priorities . 
  i could very easily buy a holiday property for example with few friends , co-ownership , for 75k to 100k property , but ... 
  already it is risky to buy property from spain . 
  questions in my mind are ... * has the building been actually solidly build ? 
  * has constructor really done everything legitimately ? 
  * is the property really mine if i buy it ? 
  adding this new decree will only make thing worse . 
  well ... 
  the economies of darker skinned people are growing fast and those economies can be borrowed money in exchange of future produce . 
  as long as there economies keep growing faster than their debt relative to gross production , then there wo n't be any problems . 
  it is a win-win situation . 
   the crisis-stricken countries may soon have enough votes to block things that require a double majority . 
  that means there wo n't be no new legislation . 
  that is not a big deal . 
   as for unilateral action , withdrawing from the eurozone or some other treaties is a potential option . 
  leaving the eurozone would mean that the country in question is breaking its treaty obligations and thus its eu membership and participation would be frozen . 
   come on , the premise of your claim is ridiculous . 
  are you seriously going to argue that just because some country has a deficit they become completely powerless ? 
  lets take for example greece , the thing is that if other eu countries would be loaning money to it , they would n't have any money . 
  that would mean that the greek state would need to balance their budget right away , meaning more or less shutdown of the state . 
  that is the reality for greece , they ca n't change it , nor can pressure other eu countries to just hand them money with no string attached , as they themselves are only in the cutter , not the other eu countries . 
  troubled countries could n't shutdown functioning of the eu , not even decision making process of the eu as most votes and new legislation are voted with qualified double majority vote . 
  in case of unilateral action , name what that could be . 
  what you fail to do is to show in practice what troubled countries could do . 
  the thing is that they do n't have money and they certainly wo n't have it if they would be outside the eurozone or the eu . 
  so what , what in practice ? 
  and deficits regions do what exactly ? 
  no money , no power . 
  debt is a form of private property , one party has loaned money to a second party , that money that the first party loaned to the second party was very real . 
  and like i said before , if you do n't pay your debts , you will pay even more in the long run . 
  a country that defaults will be closed out of the global money markets , just look at argentina they still have n't been able to return to them and wo n't in the foreseeable future . 
  the question is , are the current generation in troubled countries so lazy and greedy that they are not willing to make sacrifices so that future generations have better possibilities and do n't have to pay mistakes of their elders . 
  protection of private property and ownership are key things for any successful economy . 
  any debt repudiation will make sure that there wo n't be truest for the economy in question that did it , and thus much less investments not only from foreign but also from domestic sources . 
  it is useless to talk with you .
