  the good news is that portugal , spain and greece are much more developed and have at least some kind of free markets and currency based economy , thus the rebound should be quicker , if markets are allowed to do their deed . 
   and the markets by themselves are n't free . 
  they tend to be dominated by cartels if there is n't state intervention to prevent abuses of dominant position and making easy creating companies . 
  you need legislation , and enforce that legislation for getting free markets . 
  well , look where state intervention got these countries , clearly that does n't work . 
  the only way to fix this situation and quick is to just cut and liberalize legislation and fast . 
  what these countries need is a thatcher . 
   yes one could go that way . 
  you are being negligent , of course , when you do not take into consideration the contagion effects , much like cyprus was affected by greek restructuring . 
  there would be effects in other european economies and banks . 
  cyprus was an accident to happen , you ca n't base your economy to single sector , to a few companies whose only reason to exist is to enable tax evasion and money laundering . 
  it was n't contagion that killed cypriot banks , it was the mere illusion that the cypriot thought that they had anything real additive value to offer to the world of global banking . 
   of course , that if you do want the european great depression to continue , that is exactly what will end up happening . 
  and what is the alternative ? 
  how many new metro lines does lisbon really need ? 
  or how much more can wind energy producers be subsidized ? 
  creative destruction . 
  as the state withdraws its presence from the economy and frees resources previously taken by it , the economy will rearrange itself to take utilize these resources , however for that to happen together with state withdrawing its presence , it will also need to withdraw its legislative arm , essentially it has to let the market function freely . 
   the economy , with our level of public and private debt , will never start growing again via austerity , maintaining this idea is simply ludicrous and borderline fundamentalist by now . 
  then there needs to be cut in public debt , debt restructuring , but that again has its own problems , namely it is more or less impossible for the country to return to money markets in the next few decades . 
  thus portuguese state needs to run balanced budgets if it plans to do that . 
  with private debt , there would need to be new legislation that would allow personal bankruptcies , thus allowing entrepreneurs and risk takers to start again . 
  the only problem with this is that more or less most of the portuguese banks would go bankrupt and their estates would go into foreign ownership . 
  these are the only other steps that can be taken , but even these steps require more austerity measures , without more austerity measures , the state will go bankrupt completely . 
  the loss of competitiveness was largely thanks to china entering key markets that were previously held by portuguese manufacturers . 
  this was largely thanks to opening up of the trade with completion of [ multi fibre arrangement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi_fibre_arrangement ) . 
  let me quote some key points ...  during early 2005 , textile and clothing exports from china to the west grew by 100 % or more in many items , leading the us and eu to cite china 's wto accession agreement allowing them to restrict the rate of growth to 7.5 % per year until 2008 . 
  in june , china agreed with the eu to limit the rate to 10 % for 3 years . 
  no such agreement was reached with the us , which imposed its own import growth quotas of 7.5 % instead . 
  not to mention that as price of oil and gas have went continuously up , it has weakened competitiveness of those countries that rely to them . 
  do remember that portugal for example does n't have any nuclear power . 
  the situation was made even worse by portuguese state giving subsidies to alternative energy producers which have made the energy situation in portugal even worse . 
  let me put some figures in here ... electricity prices per kwh for industrial users * 0.130 - germany * 0.115 - portugal * 0.079 - france * 0.078 - sweden * 0.074 - finland while germany as a rich and developed country still has money to pay for sky high electricity prices , still developing economy like portugal does n't have that same luxury . 
  they have too high energy prices and there is no devaluation that can turn it around , the only way out of it is to have more sensible energy policies and more competitive energy market . 
  portugal , spain and greece could very well leave the euro , but it would n't help at all because they still would face increased competition from world markets and suffer from high energy prices . 
  and while you may say that devaluation would help to compete with chinese , what you have to take into account that chinese are clear cost leaders , if they need to go even lower , they can do so , if their industries really ca n't go any lower , the chinese state can prop them up so long as producers in other countries will go belly-up . 
  devaluation will not solve anything , it is as good as pissing in your pants in winter , gives you a warm feeling for a few good seconds until you freeze to death . 
   portugal has made all the structural reforms that has been requested . 
  troika said and portugal did . 
  actually not and even that what was requested was the bare minimum . 
  for example portugal has n't renegotiated public-private partnerships that were products of largely corruption and are very costly to the state . 
  not to mention that portugal has n't reformed their labor markets , the same is true with spain . 
   the salaries are 20 % lower and the taxes are 20 % higher . 
  and a lot of public services have lost employees . 
  the population is fleeding , the poverty rate is growing and the government is not doing anything for the people living in poverty . 
  how much extra austerity they need ? 
  extra austerity is needed until the economy starts to grow again and increased productivity together with increase of tax revenue starts to ease up the situation . 
  until that has been achieved , more cuts and more reforms are needed . 
  and so should be structural reforms done in good or at least moderate times , before the whole place is burning down . 
  unfortunately that is rarely the case . 
  i think the overall problem in here , and why austerity is the only option at the moment , is how can you make a country which has n't made painful structural reforms in better times do them in bad times if there is no impetus to do so ? 
  for example lets say that the eu/ecb would come out and say , ` we have endless amount of money and we will help you , just remember to do those structural reforms ' ... never going to happen ... then again , structural reforms have n't really progressed in spain/portugal/greece even with usage of carrot and a stick !!, 
   the sanguine a highly positive scenario , with huge reforms by the russian government equivalent to the early 2000s as well as high prices for oil . 
  reforms of the early 2000s were not positive for russia , they were positive for the russian state and the elite that was leading it , but for the country it was a step back . 
  the reason i say this is because putins reforms destroyed what little market capitalism had developed there , replaced by statism . 
  yes , oligarchs could hardly be called businessman , but some of them like khodorkovsky started to develop real business talent and their companies were actually starting to become developed , like jukos . 
  unfortunately this positive development was stopped and replaced with statism by putin . 
  thanks to putin what has happened is that instead of letting the market act freely , the russian state has diverted huge amounts of money to putins friends and associated , they like to say that they are real `` businessman '' but that remains to be seen what happens to them when there is no putin anymore to help them . 
  in these cases they should just throw the book at both of them . 
  life in prison due to crimes against nation . 
   but please , my dear euro-skeptic friends ( i 'm looking at you netherlands and finland ) , the money has been mostly put to very good use , the country progresses and we will keep buying your nokias and drinking your heineken . 
  :p i must protest !, 
  finland is not an euro-sceptic country , we are just skeptic of europe that is not germanized . 
  so please , as you have now adopted german autobahn way of life , could you also adopt being precise and punctual german way of living your life ? 
  love sincerely , your northern neighbor . 
   the wind energy is cheaper than that price , but the industry needs to pay for some of the capacity cost the the government ca n't afford anymore . 
  it does n't matter if the govermeant or industry pays for the capacity cost , because at the end of the day , power generated from wind power together with associated capacity costs is much greater than electricity generated from coal and nuclear because of that capacity cost , and that puts spanish industries and economy at disposition compared to economies and countries that do n't have to suffer from this cost . 
  in places where subsidies have been much lower , like finland , there is n't much wind or solar power exactly because it is not cost effective , investing to it is the same as throwing your money into garbage . 
  what ? 
  economic fundamentals are going back to better thanks to austerity measures like these . 
  look , while wind energy is green and hip and so worth , it is also terrible waste of money . 
  first of all you have tax payers subsidizing either building or running of these wind parks , secondly you will have higher consumer and industrial prices than you would have , if you have instead let the market functions normally . 
  for example spanish industries pay 1.2 per kwh while finnish industries pay 0.074 per kwh , and that is largely thanks because spain is using more alternative energy sources and less nuclear than finland . 
  cutting subsidies that cause economic waste is making fundamentals better , not worse . 
  not to mention that thanks to cutting those subsidies , spanish companies that relied on them have had to either go bust , freeing capacity , or changing to where they are selling . 
  in this case they are exporting more than ever , thus decreasing spanish trade deficit , which again is definitely a good thing . 
  markets believe that with current trajectory portugal will be close to the brink and may even fall if nothing is done . 
  and whether markets are wrong or right about this issue does n't matter , what matters is what markets believe because that belied will be self-fueling . 
  finland can hardly be called a self-sustaining country , actually the country is very dependent on global trade and on exports , has been for centuries , more and more as the time has went by . 
  the thing is that this is so small country , that if you anything more complex , you have to think about exports , otherwise it will be prohibitively expensive to do . 
  and yes , vaasa is not a city-state , but it is a small town in the middle of nowhere . 
  the point that i wanted to underline is that even if you have a small town , that does n't mean that it could offer or lure enough intellectual capacity to do something big , and that even if you are in the middle of nowhere , you still can link yourself to global trade . 
  hyou do understand that size is not an obstacle on creating relatively huge industrial centers that can compete globally ? 
  for example the city of vaasa , place where i studied , a town with 50 000 people , is home for a thriving electricity and energy cluster ... abb ( electric drives ) , w\u00e4rtsil\u00e4 ( diesel motors ) , vacon ( ac drives ) ... just to mention few leading companies . 
  [ energy vaasa - the nordic leader in energy technology ] ( http://energyvaasa.fi/en/home_en ) of course building an industrial/service cluster takes time , but then again all places have natural and homegrown industries , it is just a question of nurturing them and making the place overall a good place to do business and grow . 
  i would be interested to hear why you are against ukrainian membership in the eu ? 
  in finland many see that eu membership is the best option to increase security , for example euro membership , while not angering or making russia feel threatened . 
  and in time as eu consolidates foreign and security policies , things like common defense can be build without making russians feel not too threatened . 
  the idea in here is that russia sees us and us based organizations as more potential threats to it as us is capable to intervene or threaten russia at its borders , but russia is not capable on doing the same with the us . 
  europeans even if they would be in full federation would be less riskier as russian shares a long border with europe and is is capable on reaching europe if it wants to . 
  they do have control of their budget , what they do n't have control is the upper limit of it . 
  that is set . 
  inside that scope they can use the money as they see best . 
   like many european countries , greek citizens pay for their healthcare by a system of insurance , with contributions from employers , the state and the beneficiaries themselves . 
  when someone loses their job , they lose their healthcare plan too . 
  this here is a major problem . 
  if greece would have a general all population covering public health care system , when there would be cuts , health care professionals could make prioritization on who is dealt first and what treatments are given . 
  with current system , people are n't prioritized based on medical need , but just based on where they lucky to keep their jobs or not . 
  another issue in here is that while it is admirable that volunteers have stepped in , it is a solution that on a system level leads to wasting of resources . 
  again , if greece would have , would decide to have , a health care system covering everybody , then they could leverage economies of scale and concentrate all resources to central locations .
