   to qualify for permanent residence permit , the persons in this group must have a basic knowledge of spoken and written finnish or swedish . 
  the knowledge is tested in pre-immigration training and in a subsequent language test . 
  in addition , they must have a pre-arranged permanent residence in finland , but the labour authorities assist in finding an apartment . 
  50 thousand ingrians , that is finnish , had to be returned to soviet union after the second world war . 
  when the legislation came into effect , many of the people who had been returned back to ussr were still alive . 
  not to mention that they only get residence permit . 
  citizenship needs to be earned the same way as anybody else . 
  sorry my mistake !, 
  banana kingdom !, 
  but ... 
  it does n't have that same ring to it . 
  could n't you guys make some austerity measures and become a republic ? 
  would make these conversations much more easier . 
  not really . 
  point being that you are giving citizenships based on blood relation from 500 years ago . 
  so what that you have to either know few lines of spanish , or change your surname , or get you dna certificate , you are essentially opening up spanish citizenship for tens of millions of people . 
  not only that , but have even relinquished the power to decide who can be given citizenship to non-govermeantal organization . 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  maybe i should also try to get spanish citizenship via this way . 
  i would wage that my dna ancestry would at least give some connection to spain , and heck , i can also learn spanish and change my surname ... hopefully it does n't matter that i 'm christian , actually it should n't because this is all about making amends to a thing that happened 500 years ago . 
  i deserve my spanish citizenship , if not for anything else but to be able to vote some sane people to your parliament . 
  * surname ... can be changed . 
  ... enough spanish . 
  * ancestry ... my blood , my precious blood !, 
  here are my euros , where is my citizenship ? 
  that is even more fucked up ... oh well , we just have to wait for either an terrorist attack , major crime or spy case to happen before the eu and major member states get enough the situation and shutdown this activity for once and for all . 
   fair enough , but it remains to be seen whether any sense of european ` community ' survives a decade of grinding internal devaluation with ~ 50 % youth unemployment ... 
  the idea of europe , european culture , european identity , those are things that do n't simply vanish due to minor economic difficulties . 
  there is no question about survival of the european community , however what will happen is transformation of the community including working ways and hows of individual and shared responsibilities . 
  for example currently we have a kind of a conflict between sourthern european idea of societal solidarity vs. northen european system based collective responsibility . 
  my wording may not be exact , but you get the idea . 
  it is interesting to see what kind of system the eu will have when we have these two different takes on how to deal with problems . 
  and again in case of internal devaluation with circa 50 % youth employment , the thing is that even without euro , sourthern european countries would face lowering of standards of living in their socities if they do n't make huge societal reforms . 
   as a brit ( of a euroskeptic bent ) , this is not my problem , but if you are a eurzone member then it is indeed yours !, 
  so why are you making suggestions ? 
  and to me , it is really not a problem , some member states have fucked up their affairs and they get enough help to stay aflout and restructure their societies . 
  so what is the problem ? 
  no single eu state is in the same position than for example argentina . 
  the legislation does n't say that you need to know how to speak spanish dialect , it does n't say that you need to have a spanish name , it does n't say that you need to share spanish culture to get citizenship . 
  no , it only says that if you are a descendant of the sephardic jews , you get citizenship . 
  essentially they are giving citizenship based on over 500 years blood relation . 
  so again , why not give that too to expelled muslims ? 
  after all genetic studies have showed they were as spanish as were the people who expelled them . 
  maybe because europe has n't experiences an energy revolution like the us has ? 
  [ new ihs study provides details on the significant economic impacts of america 's amazing shale revolution . 
  ] ( http://www.aei-ideas.org/2013/09/new-ihs-study-provides-details-on-the-significant-economic-impacts-of-americas-amazing-shale-revolution/ ), 
  you do understand that southern europe is rich and developed compared to eastern europe ? 
  you do understand that if eu had american style fiscal transfers it would be eastern member states that would get fiscal transfer while northern , central and in lesser part southern european countries would be paying for it . 
  another thing to think about is that fiscal transfer may not be the best way to encourage development . 
  for example alabama is still part of the third world even thougt federal fiscal transfers . 
  i would say that fiscal transfer cause more harm than benefit because they slow down regions and countries facing the real situation that they in . 
  if you have market hostile legislation , if you have corrupt or dysfunctional public sector , the best thing to happen is creative destruction where legislation is pulled down and public sector dismantled to a core . 
  the reason why spain , portugal , italy and greece are in trouble because they have for too long been business hostile enviroments with the freedom of the market severely restricted . 
  no amount of subsidies will not change this situation . 
  this is stupid . 
  will the spanish next issue citizenship for all muslims expulsed from spain ? 
  we really need to have common rules for admission of citizenship in the eu level because to me it seems that all these banana republics are giving citizenships to anyone with any excuse . 
  the people who have money and motive to buy maltese citizenship include organized criminals , corrupt officials and terrorists . 
  people who have legitimate business to conduct in europe can do so without buying citizenship . 
  i have to say that these kinds of stunts by rogue states will lead into a terrible accident in europe . 
  if in any case a team of terrorist would attack european soil via usage of maltese citizenship program , i would gladly welcome european invasion into malta and joining it to be part of responsible state , maybe french could civilize them . 
  essentially what will happen is that malta will get the money while immigrants themselves transfer to other eu countries , thus malta reaps all benefits while other eu countries need to cover costs , for example receiving undesirable or hostile individuals to their countries . 
  not to mention that this creates a dangerous example , what if next time some banana republic decides to hand out citizenships with much lower fee ? 
  the problem is n't malta giving maltease citizenships , it is that they are also handing out european citizenships !, 
  if we assume that euro britain would have maintained all the same policies that it did before the financial crisis , then both britain and the eurozone would have fared lot worse . 
  this is largely because uk engaged into massive ... * quontative easing * bank rescues including rbs , lloyds , hbos and northern rock while i would very much hope that uk would join the euro , it was much better than uk was out of the eurozone before and during the financial crisis because the structure , frameworks and institutions of the eurozone were unready for massive failure of member state economies . 
  it is all economics . 
  currently two of the biggest power blocks , which incidentally are allied together , us and eu both run economies of over 16 trillion us dollars . 
  china is growing fast and is running economy of over 8 trillion us dollars . 
  compare this to russia which has an economy that runs around 2 trillion us dollars . 
  now take into account that russia is a country with just 150 million inhabitants , eu runs over 500 million , us will grow to 350 million before 2050 , and china hover over 1 billion . 
  what does this mean ? 
  it means simply that russia does n't have big enough resource base to compete with the other powers . 
  in time this will lead to a situation where us , china and eu will eclipse russia so much that they are n't in real terms sovereign , they will be dictated terms and they will follow . 
  already russia has dropped from real power play into a second rate power that is trying to pose as one of the power centers , but is actually just playing eu/usa and china against others . 
  however this strategy will stop to work sooner or later , in a decade of two . 
  just think about how much world politics would change if us , eu and china would have working missile shields ? 
  i would actually straight out ask do you think that russia has any future as an sovereign nation outside the eu ? 
  you lost the cold war to usa and now china is eclipsing you not only on world stage , but being a real threat on existence of russian far-east asia . 
  what is your problem on joining the eu and becoming another member state ? 
  * first world war : how some countries across europe will mark centenary * would have been a better title . 
  well my message to you all other europeans , get back to work !, 
  we are n't remembering the thirty years ' war , so why should we remember first world war ? 
  like do n't you people have something better to do than remember old times ? 
  to me these photos always remind how poor life was in the eastern block . 
  for example while all my baby photos are color photos , all photos of my polish friend who is only few years younger than me are all black and white from her childhood . 
  actually what i have looked , most of the family photos from 60s and 70s are color photos . 
   i definitely agree that all european countries need to be modernized and standardized in our military compositions , but we do n't need a single unified european military in order to do that , we just need regulations and subsidies for countries that do n't have the economy to support that kind of modernization . 
  that would mean that rich and developed countries like ireland would need to pay for poor and less developed countries without getting tangible and direct results from it . 
  the thing is that we all need to contribute for the common defense , every single country needs to pay their share , few percentage points of their gdp . 
   it 's entirely possible for military forces to maintain autonomy outside of wartime and then be brought together as a singular force when needed . 
  nuclear forces are part of the common defense , so would be common missile defense system , and large scale naval deployments like carrier groups and submarine forces . 
  we could of course leave land forces and air forces namely outside the army , but in reality due to need for common stocks and logistics , they in reality would be autonomous only in name . 
  if we want to have an effective fighting force , it needs to work as a single unit . 
  of course an half way solution is that there is the european army that takes care main part of common defense and operations around the globe , and then there are national guards that consists from reservist and their equipment that are mainly intended to be used at their native locale . 
  responsible governments plan for the doomsday because the most precious thing and reason for their existence is to protect their citizens . 
  finnish government for example has enough food to keep the whole population alive from one harvest to another and enough seeds for one full harvest . 
  this is preparation for a doomsday , but this is exactly why we have a state . 
  we also have evacuation plans to move all population from urban centers and locate them around the country . 
  not to mention we have army of over 340 thousand reservists with weapons and ammunition 's for god knows how many people .
