  one could speculate that allowing property bubble to build up in spain and states to expand in greece , portugal and italy were failed tries to save the economy . 
   second , how are they different ? 
  many ways , different countries have different problems , but the source of all these problems is inability of the political system to acknowledge the truth , and act on upon it . 
   and finally what do you think the crisis says about the current state of the eu ? 
  we are too self centred . 
  we should be asking what the rest of the world is doing , and where are they going . 
  for example germany ca n't grow for ever by exporting machines and other investment goods into developing markets , someday the chinese manufacturers will move to compete with them . 
  what we should be concentrating is on reinventing ourself and what we doing . 
  i believe that what the eurosceptic brits should do is to imagine what kind of union would there need to be for the single market to function , and in the same time be acceptable for the british public . 
  i think that the aim should be to have something between eea and eu/eurozone that implements the core of the single market . 
  in my honest opinion it would be healthy for further european integration to have another option for countries that do n't want to follow tighter integration . 
  of course even in the european single market union , eurozone countries would have majority , but that again can be addressed by having fair and balanced voting rules . 
  actually this is the case in nordics . 
  for example the finnish state has enough grain to feed the whole population for a one year and seeds to plant a new crop . 
  cap is needed to make sure that in case of emergency , there are still farms and farmers to actually grow the crops that are needed . 
  the reason why the finnish state has prepared itself so is because survival of the nation , its people and culture are the highest priorities of the state . 
  three accounts ... one shared account where both individuals contribute for calculated shared expenses . 
  expenses are split 50 % between the man and the woman . 
  two personal accounts where both individuals receive their pay checks and from contributions are made to the shared account . 
  in the future if the couple needs to start saving for a joint investment , both either save first for their personal accounts and at the time of investment pay it equally , or the couple will open up fourth investment orientated account with limited joint withdrawal only . 
  yes , but ... * the ecb should initiate a stealth bond buying program and buy all greek bonds it can from the market at discount price . 
  * ecb should then make debt reorganization with the greek state with all the greek bonds it has . 
  after this has been done then we should revaluate the situation again . 
  another thing that the ecb could do is to first buy the bonds and promise to make cut backs when for example greek state achieves that 4.5 % primary budget surplus . 
  there are still barbarian regions in europe who have n't embraced the way of civilization . 
   it does matter . 
  countries can help each other . 
  agreements can be made , political constructs can be invented . 
  do n't talk as if the markets are what dictates all the terms and that there is nothing beyond that . 
  what happened in 1953 was that ** the german federal government acknowledged debts incurred before and during the war ** , this occurred after negotiations with germany and creditors . 
  the reason why creditors accepted this settlement because germany did n't have much to loose , and not much to gain from it . 
  the reason why germany has aaa-credit rating is because everything what happened after the second war , 60 years of steady building and development of the economy , that always has been one of the power houses of europe . 
   you are misinformed . 
  the greek state has zero structural deficit right now . 
  no further measures would be necessary in the event of a default . 
  the only reason we do n't do it is fear of repercussions on the part of the official sector creditors . 
  actually greek state has n't achieved primary surplus , and even if it had , what you are n't accounting are effects of default . 
  what do think will happen when there are no greek banks any more ? 
  there will be nobody to give credit to individuals and companies . 
  not to mention lot of people and companies have lost their monies and are now insolvent . 
  this all will cause the greek economy to crash even more and as the economy goes down , so will go down tax revenue , and that has repercussions . 
   as an example , the americans of today more or less solved their problems by the ( morally questionable ) method of printing more money . 
  that was what they did in the 30s too . 
  your argument that people should forget about history and find `` the way to economic recovery '' is self-contradictory because we need to look at the past in order to understand what worked , what did n't work and what are the underlying causes of the crisis . 
  americans have n't solved their problems , they are still running big deficits , and the private sector is n't growing . 
  what the americans have done is to eat their credibility as a reserve currency , luckily for them they have lots of credibility . 
  what americans as do greeks need to do is to find new efficiencies , in us the way to make economy more efficient is to increase government spending for example in health care , while in greece the correct recipe is to cut state expenditure and part taking to economy . 
   a genuine solution to the tragedy of debt and austerity will require massive social mobilizations in greece and in other eu countries as well as the accession to power of a people 's government in athens . 
  the new government ( backed by popular support ) will have to decide on a unilateral act of disobedience , such as suspending repayment and cancelling antisocial measures , to force creditors to major concessions and finally impose the cancellation of illegitimate debts . 
  a citizens ' audit of the greek debt must prepare the ground on which such decisions will be made . 
  the thing is that it does n't matter what happened in 1953 with germany . 
  the thing is that any non-payment of debts what so ever will be considered by the market as a default and that will make sure that in the next few decades markets wo n't loan any money to greek state without extraordinary high interest rates . 
  it does n't matter if the greek state proclaims that debt is illegitimate , markets do n't care , what they see is a default . 
  that is that - default . 
  the next thing to understand is how to live after default . 
  after default there wo n't be any banks standing in greece , banks going down will also take down big amount of companies . 
  not to mention that state only has the money that it collects , which currently means that public sector workers will either get fired or will see their pay drastically cut . 
  the same goes to pension systems , after a default there wo n't be too much money left . 
  any talk about moral justification to not pay , misses the main thing , to default or not . 
  and what ever the choice is , there will be even more austerity . 
  what people should concentrate on what is the best way to have an economic recovery so that it starts to grow on healthy basis . 
  that is what people should be concentrating , not on what happened ages ago . 
  ca n't really understand why you have been down voted . 
  this is the truth . 
  while the negotiation results gives an option to use , it does n't mean that option will be used . 
  in my opinion merger of eads and bae would have been a bad move for current and future european defense market . 
  for example when one day the eu , or some subset of it , is going to order design and production of a new fighter jet , if we would only have one vendor to turn to , then taxpayers will pay dearly for that . 
  it is better idea to have multiple vendors competing with each others than have one endless money pit . 
  and this kids is what happens when you become communist . 
  that is business as usual , there is no state intervention going on in here . 
  german , france , uk and us govermeants are n't telling banks in their countries ... * `` you need to loan to ireland and spain , or else ! '' * . 
  the situation was that in ireland and spain there was huge property bubbles which turned into a financial crisis . 
  now both the spanish and irish states could have let banks go under , they do n't have any obligation to bail them out , but they did . 
  both irish and spanish states intervened the market , and now need to be bailed out by the european taxpayer . 
  if southern countries would default , it would n't be so much germany that would be suffering , it would be the ecb and more than any the southern countries . 
  defaults in south would make sure that all banks and pension funds would go under and international money would n't loan any money without very high interest rates to them for at least few decades . 
  but ireland did want to save its banks and it did decide to cover 100 % of deposits . 
  while i agree that banks should be taken care by the ecb , the current arrangement is n't satisfactory , in short member states get to keep tax windfall from banks in good times while the european taxpayer will cover them in bad times . 
  that is a moral hazard written all over it . 
  but what is xenophobia and what is not . 
  the thing is that we europeans have highly developed , prosperous and successful societies . 
  i myself think that we in finland have developed very advanced ways on how people and the society work , what rules and values we have , i think that our way is superior compared to most other cultures . 
  is that really xenophobia ? 
  amen . 
  but it is not their fault , we must forgive them and give them another chance . 
  i propose that we send all the intolerant people to re-education camps so that they will learn to tolerate different people . 
  this is the only civilized solution to the intolerance problem . 
  so , in short ... * ukraine can no [ will & grace ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8ohwlqirjk ) ... * ukraine can no [ village people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs9oo0s5w2k ) ... that is just cruel . 
  or , do n't loan any money at all . 
  cyprus is so small country that markets would n't even notice if it and its banks would go bankrupt . 
  mobile phone . 
  with 100 $ the best phone you can get is the [ nokia asha 306 ] ( http://www.nokia.com/global/products/phone/asha306/ ) . 
  eating meet is actually cheaper than going all vegan . 
  not to mention that food is something that people can waste terribly much money if they are not very careful about it . 
  i myself eat out everyday , lunch buffets in helsinki are very diverse and healthy , cost approx 8.8 e. 
  in the morning and evening i eat rye bread with virgin olive oil , few days a week with an egg . 
  total cost food for me is about 300e per month . 
  yes , i do know that most western social democratic parties have abandoned march towards socialism , but that really does n't change the definition for social democracy . 
  if it would then we very well could say that nordic model is just new-capitalism , because conservative parties support free education , health care and social transfers . 
  so why not call nordic models new-capitalism as that is what it is .
