  currently approx 50 % of finnish exports go outside the eu , 30 % to eurozone , and 20 % to other eu countries . 
  like said before in this thread , the only countries with balance of trade with china are finland and germany . 
  the reason why southern countries have had balance of payments and trade deficits is because they do n't export enough . 
  and that is n't fixed by increasing wages in the north to able to buy more olive oil or luxury leather hand bags , it is fixed by creating new exports to new destinations such as china , east-asia , middle-east , india , latin america , etc. . .  juncker is right , many people are so ignorant and selfish that they wo n't admit the obvious . 
  let takes another view . 
  in finland thanks to our choice to have a competitive economy and due to unfavourable natural environment , we have a suicide rate of 17.3 per 100000 inhabitants . 
  in greece the same rate is 2.8 , can we get a rebate from the eu or funds to repair this ? 
  actually not . 
  the metro lines stays in athens . 
  we can also think this other way . 
  the finnish state gives 600 million more to the eu than it receives from it . 
  this 600 million is real money , the state could have build a new metro line with it to helsinki , or actually funded other infrastructure projects with it that are badly needed . 
  or the state could have given the money back to taxpayers . 
  in anyway that 600 million and things that with it can be bought are missing now from here . 
   the language you 're using sounds a lot like the old socialist/communist language - it 's not the people who are against you , it 's the aristocracy/leadership . 
  there 's a hell of a lot of resistance to further integration at all levels of society - most pronounced in the uk but prevalent in every country in varying amounts . 
  that is the case . 
  for example let me take finland as an example , russia is our neighbour that has history of intervening at will , us also has bad habit of doing blackmail and threatening when it suites it , especially in economic matter , big european powers such as france , germany and uk too promote their interests . 
  now if finland would have won seat in the un security council , the seat would have been useless , the country would have voted or abstained based on not making any power angry . 
  so how much real sovereignty there is ? 
  zero . 
  that is what everybody understand , and everybody also understand that spending finite money on something that does n't bring any benefits is n't beneficial to do . 
  maybe with bigger countries such as germany , uk and france there is still a dream that their are influential , maybe , but in the 21th-century international politics will be dominated by super entities like the us and china . 
  nobody else comes close to their power . 
   even the economic factors you mentioned are not certain - time and again centralisation has been heralded as a fantastic cost-cutting measure but has actually lead to inefficiency . 
  something are better done locally , but somethings are best centralized . 
  it is eternal balance between the two . 
   germany spoke out against the iraq war , the uk was all for it ( let 's pretend that country = citizens for simplicity 's sake ) . 
  if there was only the eu representing both then one nation is being massively short-changed . 
  britain would consider the commonwealth to be favourable trading partners , as would the french with the francosphere . 
  if the eu was one massive bloc then this would not be represented ( or , if it was , we would simply be saying `` every nation is a preferred trading partner '' which makes little sense ) . 
  if the whole eu would have been using the euro , there would have been single opinion that is do n't invade iraq . 
  why ? 
  because saddam started to trade oil with euro , which was important economic milestone for the eurozone . 
  unfortunately after the us invaded and occupied iraq , oil is once again only traded with us dollars . 
  in case of commonwealth and francosphere , they are meaningless . 
  china and the us are most important partners in all areas of life to the eu , all other countries and regions are dependent on relations on these two powers . 
  they should pool up their resources . 
  the eu has already done good job in regards of trade relations . 
  the next thing to do should be to pool resources in foreign policy , defence , internal and external security , intelligence , etc. . . those are all things that member states do n't have any real ability to do by themselves . 
  germany is n't going to get a seat anyway . 
  another issue is that does n't have the power at hand that counts . 
  for example if the us decides to invade country x , then it just does it , does n't matter what the un says , in the future the same goes with china . 
  the only thing that the un does is to offer meaningless entities of the international politics to say that they are equals with other powers , when in reality they are meaningless and will stay so . 
  sovereignty is n't an absolute value . 
  the point of a nation state is to serve its citizens , not to aggrandize or promote its bureaucrats or leaders . 
  for small nation states , most traditional state functions are just waste of money , they do n't produce or serve citizens , they just waste money that could be used better , either by returning it to taxpayer or offering more and better services . 
  what nation states need to do is to return to serve core functions of the state , to concentrate on its citizens , to promote the language , to promote the culture , to promote the way of life . 
  these are important things that citizens actually care . 
  and believe or not , most common people actually share the idea , the people who are against it are state bureaucrats and politicians who fear to loose their soap box and tool that they have used to work with . 
  yes please . 
  foreign policy is totally useless for small countries , read countries that do n't have ability to invade other countries at free . 
  it would be better to centralize all foreign policy decisions to the eu and then shut-down or downsize national foreign ministries to bare minimum , not to mention shut-down national embassies and consulates . 
  would save lots of money to do so . 
  unfortunately i think he is right . 
  the problem of banking union is how to pay for it . 
  actually that is two problems because we have to acknowledge that there is two different times , the current crisis time and the post-crisis time and the next crisis time , and all need to be addressed . 
  * in the post-crisis time funds for european deposit insurance fund should come from the banks . 
  however banks are n't equal , they have different legislation and different operating environments that predispose them to different risk levels that should be taken into account when defining what should be the bank/country based insurance payment . 
  * during the crisis time we can safely conclude that troubled banks do n't have the money to pay up any payments anywhere . 
  we can also conclude that troubled countries do n't have the money to pay up for the troubled banks . 
  we should also note that not all countries even have deposit insurance funds , and from those who have , not all funds are equally capitalized . 
  so who is going to pay for it ? 
  if non-troubled countries need to pay it , then they are punished for adopting good policies . 
  * in the next crisis , crisis is an systematic failure of the financial system , the fact is that european deposit insurance fund wo n't be able to cover it , nor is the esm large enough to do it . 
  what to do for example if france and germany would find them in financial crisis ? 
  the current mechanisms would be unable to scope with a crisis that wide . 
  what then ? 
  to go ahead in settling this crisis , we need to address all of these things . 
  i would have rejected also his nomination . 
  where does these kinds of conservatives come from ? 
  if you hold ancient values you ca n't succeed in the 21th-century , actually you could n't succeed in the 20th-century without adopting scientific world view . 
   in germany pensions are ( still ) paid directly ( via tax ) and do n't go the useless detour through financial market speculation which only makes the whole pension system unstable anyway . 
  the problem with that is that the ability of the society to afford pay pensions is directly connected on its ability to collect taxes . 
  with pension funds , part of my pay goes to the fund that then invests it to different investments instruments and markets . 
  it enables companies and countries to access capital that allows them to grow faster , and earning comfortable interest to the fund , allowing savers to invest less to the fund . 
  it should also be noted that thanks to diversification of funds , funds ability to pay pensions would n't be shaken if the finnish state would drift to economic trouble . 
   no if wages would go up the money would stay in europe and would eventually reach spain through higher demand . 
  right now the excess profit money is flowing out of europe ( or into switzerland ) . 
  higher wages would prevent that . 
  most highly developed economies keep around 80 % of the gdp that they produce . 
  less developed and less wealthy economies keep much less . 
  the money already stays here , but again , there is no coercive reason why they would go to spain . 
  money goes to spain if spain produces something that the markets want . 
   like finland has more to offer than nokia phones , spain has certainly much more to offer than apples and tomatoes . 
  also : you could just buy higher quality apples from spain instead of importing low quality from kasachtan . 
  spanish apples are the low quality option , enlightened customers buy finnish apples that have lower amounts of pesticides than ones produces in central , south or east europe . 
  another thing is that one can only buy so much better commodities , somewhere along the line you ca n't any more taste the difference . 
  the thing is that consumers put most of their money to high value items or to services . 
  you need to sell lots of apples to cover one lenovo thinkpad carbon x1 with i7 , or not to mention cars . 
   no we would have to compete directly with american workers on wages . 
  right now for example car companies like ford and gm have factories in europe and in america . 
  without any trade barriers they could instead produce everything in america where wages are lower . 
  and as long as wages in europe do n't fall to the same level they have no reason to come back . 
  most factory work is robotized and in coming decades automation will only increase . 
  already toyota has a new highly robotized plant in japan that can compete in production costs with plants in china . 
  competent engineers , designers and business people on the other hand cost the same in us if not actually even more than in europe . 
  so i do n't really see that us could out compete european manufacturers . 
  not to mention that european manufacturers should increasingly specialize and concentrate on producing high value products and service . 
  in bulk and low value products and services the chinese will beat european manufacturers sooner or later .
