  i think the real danger is n't finland leaving the eurozone , but deciding to just say no , to use veto powers , to all current and future half-baked solutions to solve the crisis . 
  people and politicians are more or less frustrated on european inability to solve the crisis by denying doing the obvious : let states go bankrupt and let the ecb print money to save banks and the private sector . 
  another point of frustration of course is that too many people and politicians especially in southern countries deny the fact that we are living in global economy and for us to prosper we need to be competitive globally . 
  another frustrating thing is that people do n't get that communism and socialism are dead , the only way to have prosperity and well running societies is to have free market economies , not state paralysed command economies . 
  you do understand that there are people in europe who do not speak indo-european languages . 
  another thing is that english is global language , you need to learn it to be able to do business all over the world , and that is exactly what europe needs to do , to trade with the whole wide world . 
   the plan includes targeted and temporary measures amounting to 200 billion euros , or 1.5 % of eu gdp , [ 2 ] using both the national budgets of the national governments , the budget of the eu and that of the european investment bank . 
  [ 1 ] the plan is scheduled on a period of two years . 
  now as both the eu and eib get their monies from the member states , it was the member states who funded this whole program , not the eu , eu does n't have some magic box of money stashed away , it always comes from the member states . 
  another thing about the eu stimulus plan is that it was a plan , it was an attempt from the side of the eu to coordinate member states in their own stimulus plans so that there would be continent wide plan to do something . 
  thus it would be more honest to say that * `` eu gave the uk coordination help with 30 billion euro stimulus package '' * . 
  i was thinking the same because uk is major net contributor . 
  if the uk really did in 2008/2009 get stimulus money from the eu then it probably also paid more to the eu than got back from it . 
  ha ha !, 
  ca ` moon guys , this joke needs to be stopped , seriously . 
  neither does brussels . 
  then people get fired and either replaced by industrial robots or production is simply moved into countries with lower wages . 
  if smes ca n't do either of these , then they will loose market share to american , japanese and chinese firms . 
  the problem is n't that german firms are competitive globally , the problem is that many southern european companies are n't competitive globally , thus lowering competitiveness of german firms wo n't fix the situation , it will only make it worse by decreasing the current account balance of the whole eurozone . 
  not to mention that people do n't buy tickets , they buy monthly cards that are lot cheaper than buying individual tickets . 
  ah , now i understand . 
  in here the stories tell that in the 70s and 80s german tourists were notorious on that they would put food on their hand packs in buffet tables - this is the exact same generation we are talking about . 
   i do n't know if it 's because the current 18-34 generation genuinely are assholes does not compute ? 
  in greece politicians did n't put rich bankers first , they put first their own benefit and benefits of their supporters , from decade to decade , that is why greece is so indebted . 
  now there are several ways how greece could deal with the debt , one is just defaulting everything , but the problem with that is that it will take all greek banks down and thus halting the whole greece economy when individuals and companies do n't have no financing available . 
  not to mention that along banks also pension funds would go bust in greece , that means no more pensions for people if the state does n't magically find money from somewhere . 
  another solution is of course move money in one form or another from more well to do countries , but the problem with that essentially is that greece is wrong recipient for those funds - ex-communist countries are much more poorer than greece . 
  not to mention that money really is n't the actual problem , it is manifestation of deeper problems in the greek economy , namely deeply rooted corruption , inefficient and business hostile bureaucracy , lack of competitive advantages in global trade , etc. . 
  in short , if well to do countries are going to start pour money to greece , then when is that going to end and greece gets to fix its problems , not to mention on is there any motivation left in greece to fix the economy for real . 
  it is easy to blame germany and other well to do countries , but it is much harder to come up with solutions that really fix things , not just transfer the problem from one place into another . 
  in case of transfer union that means that problems of for example spain , greece , portugal and ireland are exported into germany , finland , holland , etc. . . countries were the state has to instantiate savings programs to make sure public finances do n't become bad eventually . 
  for example how many years these transfers need to be in place ? 
  5 , 10 , 15 , 20 years ? 
  when is enough enough . 
   in my experience , older employees are more obeying , never contradict to a boss , work more , and have more experience in managing people . 
  organizations where i have worked are more or less self-guiding , you do n't have clear bosses who dictate what to do , but they are more or less guides and controllers who give a vision or target where the organization should go or achieve , then people self organize and start working to fulfil the goal . 
  actually in many jobs it is very important that people are pro-active and start work by themselves or actively search and suggest new things to work on . 
  oh , and by the way , working more usually does n't produce more . 
  again all organizations where i have worked have insisted that people only work 8 hour days because that way their output remains the same in the long term . 
  usually people who constantly work longer than 8 hour days produce actually less than people who do normal work days . 
   most of the jobs are repetitive process which can be learned in a month , not much of a productivity raise there . 
  those jobs are perfect match for increased automation be it done with industrial robots or more intelligent it-systems . 
  again , by allowing companies to fire people easily , you remove obstacles from them to increase their productivity by moving into automated systems . 
   truth is that there simply are n't enough jobs for everyone . 
  that simply is n't true . 
  there is so much work in the world that needs to be done . 
  the problem is that we do n't have right kind of people meeting right kind of firms in right kind of place . 
   how many foreign languages do you learn during 12 years of school ( plus college ) ? 
  * in basic school you have to select one foreign language to study . 
  also in basic school you have to start study of second native language . 
  * in all high schools , vocational school and most collages the requirements stay the same . 
  in some university degree programs you have to study for second foreign language . 
   when do you start the first language ? 
  what about the second one ( if it 's the case ) * when i was in school i started learning english when i was 9 . 
  nowadays i have heard that they start even younger . 
  * i started to study swedish at the age of 13 . 
  * i voluntary started to study german at the age of 14 . 
   which are the preferred languages ? 
  english , finnish , swedish , german . 
   any other info regarding this subject you might find relevant ( like facilities for minorities to learn their respective languages and so on ) ? 
  minorities if big enough start their school with their own language , but then are fast transferred to study only with either one of the two official state languages . 
  by layingoff unproductive and unwanted employees and replacing them with more productive and efficient employees , you will make companies and institutions more effective and enable them to produce more , or produce the same with smaller amount of human resources . 
  not to mention that old employees have more motivation to learn new skills and way to do their work as they are in competition with younger generations , again boosting overall efficiency . 
  states should n't care so much on how companies produce their results , but be more concerned on how those results are shared . 
  in this case while unemployment would rise , so would taxes too as companies and organizations would be more efficient and thus able to produce more . 
  none of the ways which you mentioned does n't actually solve the real underlying problem : how to make member states be responsible for their budgets and economy . 
  like for example even if you have a common office for budgets , what is there to stop member states to exceed them still ? 
  if you say let them go bankcrupt then what was the point with having common office for budgets ? 
  if you say that you will fix overdrafts in the next budget , how are you going to enforce that if you could n't enforce it before . 
  the same goes with printing money . 
  the only way member states will be in their limits if you let them fail . 
  that means letting states go bankcrupt . 
  yes . 
  you all start speaking finnish right now !, 
  right so . 
  and another thing to remember is that for us , the developed world , to help people in underdeveloped countries , we need to ensure that our societies work and remain stable . 
  if we would let anybody into our societies then we soon would n't have our well working societies that develop technology and science that helps everybody in this planet . 
  it would be stupid for greece to leave now after all the money that has been used by eurozone member states and the ecb to save german and french banks . 
  on the contrary , greece should stay in the eurozone no matter what . 
  let the member states and the ecb tackle on what do when a state goes bankrupt and how to move on from there . 
  ecb has all the euros in the world , it is just a question of will to use them . 
  that does n't mean that it would n't be a good idea to have european rating agencies . 
  the reason for this is that rating agencies are formed by people , and people have natural biases that are formed by their surrounding culture , people that they interact with , upbringing , education , etc. . . 
  the problem with non-european rating agencies is that they do n't understand europe and how it works , from the functioning of the single market to european politics , and thus are unable to do rating correctly . 
  the inability of non-european rating agencies to understand what is going on is of course natural as the eu has made a great transforming leap in the past 20 years that has fundamentally changed the way how the whole continent lives and acts . 
  for many europeans too it is hard to conceptualize on how networked and interconnected europe has come . 
  luckily enough people from roland & berger have started a [ project ] ( http://www.rolandberger.com/media/press/releases/realizing_global_rating_agency_of_european_origin.html ) to build a new european rating agency . 
  when the rating agency is ready to start working , the only thing that the eurozone/ecb need to do is to legislate that all euro countries , banks and other financial institutions must use rating agency whose headquarter is in the eu . 
  i already do so in the [ ryder cup ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ryder_cup ) . 
  however why should the eu have own team ? 
  england , wales and scotland have their own football teams , and they seem to have a jolly good union , so why could n't we do the same inside the eu ? 
  what my female friends have teach me is that men and women are just the same . 
  the collapse of exports to soviet union definitely was one of the things that caused the depression , but without internal reasons it would have merely been a recession , not depression . 
  compare this for example with the 2008 financial crisis that cut finnish exports severely , and caused in 2009 gdp drop of 8.2 % , still everything here went as usual , no depression , only small recession . 
  the internal things inside finland that contributed to the crisis were ... * opening up of the banking sector during 80s . 
  banks could loan more freely and could draw foreign capital to loan to customers . 
  * easier access to loans caused property market to boom and new developments were being build fast ranging from high market condos to holiday resorts in lapland and other parts of finland ranging from 18th hole golf curses to ski resorts . 
  * finnish banks and corporations soon became over leveraged and over extended . 
  nokia for example became european electronics giant buying factories from here and there . 
  the same too with finnish investors , even insurance companies fell for the easy money .
