  european banks were not bailed out in 2008 by european states or the ecb . 
  in 2008 and 2009 it was the fed that bailed out big us banks and most importantly aig whose bailout also saved european banks . 
  if in 2010 greece would have defaulted , some banks would have been in trouble , the amounts were so small that european states would have easily bailed them out . 
  again , there was easily money to bailout the greek state with 110 billion euro , and that was just the first bailout program for greece . 
  there is n't anymore lots of greek debt hold by private investors , most of it is hold by other eurozone states , ecb and the imf . 
  again , even the first greek bailout package at 110 billion euro was much larger than debts held then by european banks . 
  it would have been much more safer for other europeans to just cover bank losses ... for greeks that option would have meant a total collapse . 
  do remember that the budget deficit in 2010 was over 15 % of gdp . 
  if that deficit would have been cut by down in a day , it would more or less put the whole existence of the greek state under big question mark . 
  do remember that it would have been cheaper for the eu and other eurozone countries if greece had defaulted in 2010 . 
  the amount of money that has been pumped to greece is much more than the amount the greek state owned . 
  even if in 2010 greece would have defaulted or conducted restructuring of debt , the only option to take even then would have been severe austerity as there is no option called lets just give greece money and hopefully troubles will go away . 
  fiscal union is not a problem , the problem is fiscal union with what rules exactly . 
  fiscal union with no rules and with the only aim of making wealth transfers is a no-go . 
  it is a perfect place to put pressure on brussels . 
  brussels ca n't afford to get any more bad publicity in regards of southern countries . 
  this is especially a perfect way to do it as more or less northern companies would benefit from the eu probe while chinese counter probe will hurt southern wine producers . 
  of course it should be noted that ... * the german state is against the probe ... * the chinese are actually giving illegal state aid to both telecommunication and solar industries . 
  i have to say that this is a case where i would hope that we in the union would have a common fund from where we could pay compensation for our producers who are caught in this kind of cross fire . 
  of course how these kind of mechanism should work , that is big headache , but all in all , this kind of thing is needed . 
   is that a veiled threat ? 
  see , this is why people are lining up to exit the eurozone . 
  it 's all built on mutual distrust and national self-interest . 
  i understand that they would n't like it but would they resort to breaking up the eu ? 
  it is not a veiled threat , it is a fact of life . 
  and what goes to distrust , the distrust was largely created by troubled countries themselves . 
  for example multiple greek governments had committed fraud , falsifying state finances . 
  not to mention cyprus which ran a huge money laundering business ; portugal that did n't make any structural changes when its economy was stagnating even before the financial crisis ; spain where corruption and fraud created a huge property and construction bubble , nobody did nothing to prevent it ; ireland the same ... 
  excuse me , but the markets loss confidence to these countries long since . 
  other eurozone countries had to run to help them , but help has its limits too . 
  how can you really justify that finnish tax euros should go to these troubled countries instead being used in finland to help finnish citizens in need or to be used to build up this country ? 
  already finnish taxpayers are net contributors in the eu , how much more should they contribute ? 
   you know full well that these treaties can be overlooked when it is deemed impractical to follow them to the letter . 
  it has happened before . 
  single currency is an essential component of the single market , the single market ca n't work without the single currency . 
  this is a place were so much money and interests are vested that there is hardly any possibility to overlook it . 
   another straw-man . 
  did i say we should not talk about what happens to the debt ? 
  did the author of that book say that ? 
  you 're just assuming that it 's important and you 're assuming all your `` opponents '' overlook it so that you can make an easy argument . 
  nobody has mentioned what happens to the debt . 
  in the contrary it is easy to propose solutions like lets get out of the eurozone when not addressing debt and its political linkage and risks that this linkage brings . 
   merkel , who faces an election on sept. 22 , and hollande said last week that even if the `` main features for the operational criteria '' for direct aid should be decided this month , the deliberations need to take place `` in parallel with negotiations '' on bank resolution and deposit guarantee schemes . 
  the euro area should n't sign off until the legislation is finished , according to the joint german-french statement . 
  it would also be retarded if we did n't have complete set of legislation on how everything will work out . 
  if these things are set up , there is huge danger that esm bank aid will used in ways that will cause credit losses , for example if the banks in question go under or they loose so much value that getting the aid back is impossible . 
  esm is n't and should n't a mechanism to make wealth transfer , in other words transfer losses in some countries to be paid by other countries , it should be a mechanism that gives credit under strict terms that guarantee that the monies that have been loaned can be retrieved back . 
   remind me , but has n't greece defaulted on some of its external debt ... and it remains within the eu common market ? 
  has n't cyprus imposed limits on withdrawls from banks to effectively stop money fleeing the country ? 
  and they are still within the eu common market . 
  greece did a so called `` structural default '' where it pressured creditors to accept `` free willingly '' restructuring of loans or risk an actual default . 
  do note that some investors actually did n't accept it and enjoyed huge profits on not doing so . 
  however what greece has n't done is to default its european loans . 
  these are loans from other eu countries arranged via eu , the so called bail-out loans . 
  now if greece would default these or there would be attempt to restructure these loans , there would be a major backlash in eu countries that have given these loans . 
   so defaulting on some of your external debt is certainly possible inside the common market , it 's already been done by greece . 
  the question is , is leaving the euro ? 
  leaving the euro would be a treaty violation , all eu countries except uk and denmark are required to be or to part take into single currency . 
  leaving the single currency would be a major treaty violation . 
  quite frankly i have to say that i do n't see that it is possible in the same time leave the euro and still not to default loans from other eurozone members . 
  in case like that you have the treaty violation and a popular backlash going on at the time ... 
   after that you make another claim , that if a country defaults then it will be thrown out of the eu and the common market ( and you also imply that this is more catastrophic than following the current course of action ) . 
  in normal circumstances , if an eu country would default on its debts , it would be private investors taking the hit , this would n't be a problem . 
  however tax payers of other eu countries have given huge loans to greece , portugal , spain and ireland via different eu programs . 
  if any of these countries would make a default that included defaulting these european loans , it would cause an uproar in countries that had loaned these monies at the first place . 
  you do understand that the citizens for example in here have n't had any slightest delight on loaning money to greece ? 
  another note is that membership in the eurozone is treaty obligation that eu countries need to satisfy . 
  if an eu country is deemed on not working to enter the eurozone , that it is braking of a treaty obligation , so is leaving the eurozone . 
  it is intellectual dishonesty to not talk about what happens to debt . 
  the debt is so important part of the whole equation that any book that suggest leaving the eurozone has to answer a question on how debt will be handled . 
  without reading the book , it would be interesting to hear how it deals with external debt ? 
  in short , is this book a veiled proposal to default or does it actually contain a suggestion on how to pay all external debt ? 
  if the book does n't contain advice on this , then it really does n't offer anything . 
  if it suggests to default then i would like to see on how will it handle portugal being out of the eu common market ... 
   and the ability to decide over their own currency . 
  they had the ability to set interest rates , anything else was up to the market . 
   it are companies that sell oil and gas , do you really think it 's three times cheaper in the us to extract petrol , or can you agree that companies set prices as they see fit ? 
  us has lower taxes on petrol , that is why their consumer prices are lower than in europe . 
  and again , everybody buys oil from the world markets , oil is fungitable , its price is the same everywhere . 
  when ones currency increases its value , it becomes cheaper to buy oil - the cost of oil in relative to other costs that you have goes down . 
   wages in turkey have reached the same level as those in iberia , but with everything cheaper , i 'd say yes , i 'd settle . 
  the gdp per capita nominal ( hard currency ) of spain was 29,289 usd in 2012 , in turkey it was 10,609 usd . 
  what you are witnessing is highly uneven wage distribution , or you do n't know just how low wages in turkey are . 
   and cows need oil . 
  actually up here in the north they do as they feed in the winter to survive . 
  if cows down there need anything else to survive than to just gaze pasture , then they are linked with oil . 
  and even if they gaze pasture , if that pasture needs artificial watering then there is again linkage to oil . 
   those parties here also can reach agreements , just as in finland . 
  that 's why there 's no alternative , because they all have a different shade of grey , but no colours . 
  democracy is supposed to work so . 
  you have broad array of different groups with different interests , between those interest a compromise is reached under restriction created by the reality . 
   you tell me . 
  what 's different between the fins and the spanish , for example ? 
  you still have communists and anarchists in significant quantities . 
  so much so that the society has been unable to agree that classless liberal market economy driven democracy is the only way to create a workable society . 
  developing countries complain that the imf is too western and that they deserve more power in it . 
  well there is one simple way on how they can get more power - buy more shares . 
  however they are n't doing that . 
  either you put up , or you shut up . 
  as they are not putting up , they should shut up .
