  in the european union , all state languages are official and the organization works just fine . 
  no , the reason why russian language was above all , because of russian xenophobia . 
   ungrateful for what ? 
  why should anyone give a rats ass about being a citizen of a state that pisses on its minorities . 
  ungrateful that they have been let to stay in baltic countries , that they have freedoms that your average russians can only dream about , that they have more wealth and are more prosperous than their comrades in russia . 
   as if the russians give a damn about what a country does with a population the size of small city . 
  and no , europe wont have their back . 
  european union with its 500 million inhabitants is the biggest economic power in the world , usa is the leading super power in the world . 
  if the west wants to make sure russia falls , it will fall . 
  i have to wonder why you were down voted . 
  finland did n't receive any marshall aid , had to pay big war reparations to soviet union and lost a big chunk of most prosperous and developed part to the ussr and still could easily become rich developed country . 
  and why do n't you provide an example of what you were proud about soviet union so i can then make an example on how it was inferior compared to west . 
  third world is synonym for undeveloped , uncivilized and poor . 
   if nothing of value was produced they would all be dead by now . 
  stop acting like you are an economist . 
  m.sc . 
  in economics and business administration , how about you ? 
   if nothing of value was produced they would all be dead by now . 
  stop acting like you are an economist . 
  nothing of value is produced in many african countries , and they are still alive , but they ca n't afford good nutritious food let alone new housing , new cars , or basic consumer products such as smart phones . 
   you fail to realise that most of the eastern european countries were absolutely backwards economically and politically before they joined , willingly or not , the socialist bloc . 
  the idea that they would have ended up the same as western europe is based in fantasy not fact . 
  the baltics were somewhat properous countries that were probably better off without the soviet union . 
  if those countries would have been free from communism , they would have gotten foreign direct investments much sooner and they would have grown much faster . 
  and again , the gdp per capita of czechoslovakia in 1937 was 2882 usd while finnish gdp per capita at the same time was 3441 usd . 
  now finnish gdp per capita is 47,129 usd while czech republic 's gdp is 18,857 usd . 
   in any case eastern europe enjoyed capitalism for 20 years now and most of these countries have barely been able to reattain a level of growth they already knew during socialism in the 50s and 60s . 
  there were never fresh fruits all year around during the days of socialism . 
  now fresh fruits can be bought at any time at any time of the year . 
   russia 's do n't like paying for a supranational system in which they suffered as well . 
  but some token efforts like the baltics gave the jews should n't be to hard . 
  ussr was n't supranational , soviet republics did n't have any powers to decide about their destiny , ussr was russian empire with another name . 
  it was russians , russian language and russian culture that was spread everywhere . 
  just look on how languages worked , if an estonian moved to russia , he had to learn russia , but if russian moved to estonia he did n't have to learn estonian , nor did his children need to learn estonia . 
   maybe the baltics should deport them . 
  they already discriminate against them , it 's just one little step . 
  maybe they should have , so ungrateful they have been . 
  and discrimination ? 
  get real , if you want to be a citizen of state , you should know how to speak that language . 
   the soviet union did . 
  russia is less willing though . 
  maybe russians would be more willing to talk about their past if we would blockade them . 
  no trade , no people , no nothing . 
  shut down the borders and start actively funding any organization fighting against the russian government . 
  let russia burn and rot until they are ready to accept their responsibility of the crimes the soviet union committed . 
   smearing the history of the ussr current western trend ?!, 
  it is n't a trend , soviet union has always been a third world state , an enemy of the free and civilized world . 
  if ussr would have won the cold war , you would not be discussing with other people in the internet , because there would be no freedom of speech , no computers , no networks , and definitely no internet . 
   for lithuania for instance the soviet period was actually the most defining era that shaped modern lithuania . 
  urbanisation during this period was immense and completely transformed a largely agricultural nation . 
  the rise of the current capital vilnius as well happened in this era . 
  urbanization happened in finland and sweden too during the 50s and 60s . 
  industrialization also progressed very fast in this time . 
  the big difference between nordic countries and the soviet union was that because soviets had cut down all ties of baltic countries to the outside world and committed intellectual capitation of the population , and set up an inefficient economic system , nothing of value was produced . 
  the soviet housing was horrible and low quality compared what was produced in nordics and other western countries . 
   what you are saying is little more than a comforting nationalist narrative . 
  the period of soviet occupation is presented as a useless , alien time where nothing of value happened untill today when the light has been finally reached . 
  the reality is that it 's a load of bollocks . 
  the reality is that baltic countries are still developing countries , not developed countries . 
  they could be as rich and developed as other nordic countries if they had been speared from soviet annexation , but they were n't . 
  finnish gdp per capita ( nominal ) is 47,129 usd while for example lithuanian gdp per capita ( nominal ) is 16,003 usd . 
   of course i 'm not saying lithuanians or estonians have no reasons to rightfully oppose this occupation , but the historical bullshit accompanying it has little value . 
  having your national sovereignity taken away for 40 years and being the victim of mass deportations seems enough reason to be upset . 
  reparations for all the crimes committed , taking back all the colonists ... or at least apologizing and saying `` sorry , this will never ever happen again '' would be enough . 
   have you actually visited africa ? 
  i doubt russia is anything like a third world african nation . 
  you ca n't drink tap water , roads have n't been repaired in the last 50 or 60 years , houses are crumbling down , no industry , no nothing , there is nothing . 
  how about the west start arming chechen rebels and dagestani freedom fighters . 
  would you think that would be a-okey ? 
  would you think it was a-okey for those rebels then start downing russian jets with state of the art western weaponry ? 
   people say money does n't buy happiness . 
  except , according to a new study from princeton university 's woodrow wilson school , it sort of does -- up to about $ 75,000 a year . 
  the lower a person 's annual income falls below that benchmark , the unhappier he or she feels . 
  but no matter how much more than $ 75,000 people make , they do n't report any greater degree of happiness . 
  [ source ] ( http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2019628,00.html ) and this completely true . 
  i made 32k euros per year approx 4 years ago , now i make approx 60k euros per year and i 'm much happier now than then . 
  and i will be much more happier when i can earn even more money and afford buying a brand new porsche 911 , just the basic model , i 'm humble . 
  what infrastructure ? 
  there was no usable infrastructure left any more after the fall of communism anywhere in the ex-communist countries . 
  everything had to be build again . 
  thanks for nothing soviet union !, 
  it was sad that after the fall , the communist criminals were not punished to the last man and woman . 
  more tanks for the happy soviet workers . 
  happy soviet workers do n't like to have consumer products , they like more tanks , more planes , more nuclear weapons ... 
  the lazy american capitalist bigs just matched what soviet union had to throw against them , and offer endless amounts of consumer products to the workers . 
  calculating gdp , gross domestic production , for socialist countries works as much as it works for capitalist countries . 
  what gdp does n't tell is how is how that production was used . 
  in soviet union much of the gdp was used for military production : in the last decades it was more than 50 % . 
  compare that to us that could match and outrank ussr with only spending approx 8 % of its gdp to military in the 80s . 
  in case of estonian economy , it was competitive and among the top 20 economies in the world the moment soviet union occupied it . 
  when the occupation ended , the country was more backward than before the soviet occupation . 
  the only reason why estonia is nice country and becoming a developed economy is because of huge amounts of foreign direct investment made by mainly nordic and european investors , and of course to estonian efforts to jump start their economy . 
  have you actually ever visited ussr ? 
  horrible place , it was like going to africa , now it is better but outside big metropolis , russia is still a third world country . 
  good !, 
  this should be great opportunity to test western technology against eastern !, 
  lets see which fighters get most kills . 
  i would put my money on eurofighter , but maybe rafale and f-16 and f-18 should work as fine . 
   but that is n't the same as saying the eu has had zero impact on the situation in greece now . 
  what else could have the eu done to help the greek ?
