  we already know , but as a nation we do n't like the answer . 
  companies and new jobs are concentrating to helsinki and other major cities , because they have the needed environment for growth and opportunities . 
  this is n't unexpected because many studies have noted that economic growth is highest in metropolises . 
  in finland the state has tried to challenge this natural trend with regional policy that at its peak started factories and gave subsidies to open units to parts of the country that private money would never had invested . 
  in short we offer too high benefits for people not to be motivated to seek work from other parts of the country , and we do n't build enough in helsinki region to take in everybody who would like to move here . 
   is this about us needing more software designers ? 
  not really . 
  not everybody can become a software designer , not to mention that we all ready have high number of engineers and software developers . 
  this is about the fact that in helsinki when you go to a construction yard you hear estonian and russian more than finnish , or that when you go to a restaurant in helsinki they have number of foreign workers , or many times cleaners are not native finns . 
   but , we also have rising unemployment !, 
  we have rising unemployment , but in the same we have highest number open position in uusimaa than there were in a record year of 2007 . 
  what that tells me is that we may have problem on ... a ) work being in other place than available workforce ; and b ) workforce not matching what is looked after ...  if we are to increase immigration , we really need to make an effort to improve integration . 
  we should probably also make an effort to help highly educated immigrants get jobs within their field . 
  our doctors , engineers and lawyers are now driving buses and cleaning . 
  that is true also , but i would start to increase immigration by making it more easier for people studying in finnish collages and universities to get temporary residence and work permits more easier . 
  then to make it easier for companies import people with degrees . 
  in the case of integration , more language classes are needed ... 
  however refugees usually do n't make up good workforce as they usually come from underdeveloped countries and are n't competitive in a developed economy . 
  the reason why we are stalling is easy to tell ... we have declining workforce while in the same time having an increase of social spending due to larger number of people not being part of the workforce . 
  this is the direct reason why we are stalling . 
  the indirect effects are increase of taxation and decrease of available funds to invest into the country . 
  to fix the situation in finland , either we have to increase workforce or decrease social spending . 
  we can increase workforce either by increasing immigration or by increasing the rate of employment and increasing the work age . 
  or we can decrease social spending , preferably by not cutting from children and young families to support them having more children . 
  i myself would increase work based immigration , if you have university degree in a wanted field and you know an employer willing to hire you then you get work permit easy , however i would in the same time make it harder for non-skilled immigrants to stay in this country and restrict family unions . 
  of course pensions and social benefits for working would need to cut . 
  poland does n't need a reason . 
  they can just add them to sis list of not wanted people and after that those persons are n't allowed inside the schengen zone . 
  yes . 
  polish officials can for any reason add people to the list of persona non grata in the schengen information system . 
  after the addition they ca n't enter the schengen area no matter what . 
  i would just make a web spider add everybody connected to duma to the list automatically . 
  bro , economics is for stupid people who let the man brainwash them !, 
  people who go to uni think that they are like really smart but they are actually the dumbest cause they let the gov to brainwash them . 
  like money and stuff , man , you got ta live to understand , life teaches . 
  hey dude !, 
  there would be no crisis like if the bank would just give money to governments . 
  then govermeants could like hire more teachers and stuff and give increase pay of every govermeant employee like with 10 % . 
  and everybody could have bigger benefits . 
  like 100 % pay until you find a job ... like the bank has to just give money and they can just like do more of it like printing more ... you know there is zero negative thing on doing that . 
  the bankers just like to enslave people cause they like only to be rich , but like that is not fair . 
  everybody should have money , and like you just give it to everybody . 
  no crisis at all !!, 
  and what does a family do with a junkie ? 
  give more dope ? 
  yeah ... until putin & co. are gone , the only way i will cross the russian border is with a rifle with me . 
  just add everyone of them to the schengen information system as persona non-grata till the year 2099 and they will never again set a foot into europe . 
   it seems zero hours contracts is unfortunately the route the route the govnerment wants to take on this problem which to me solves nothing . 
  your value in society is still going to be based on how much you work and earn ... we have a small homologous population which makes the country a perfect candidate to trial a basic income model . 
  zero hours contracts are a big headache , however they combined with social benefits consist on what basic income scheme would be minus bureaucracy and paper handling . 
  with basic income the situation would n't actually change a lot . 
  actually it would create another set of headaches , not to mention basic income creates an illusion that an individual has earned the money , he and she has n't , it was earned and then paid by others , so i will call it as automatic social benefit ... 
  if everybody would be paid the 750e per month , then the state would need to tax even more and adjustment mechanism inside the taxation ... now if basic income would be paid only to those in need , then we would still need a mechanism to balance benefits and income from wages . 
  i would say that the problem currently is that going to work creates too much bureaucracy . 
  this is actually largely an it-problem and reporting problem . 
  companies do report every month on how much wages they paid in total , but they only report at the end of the year per individual on how much different individuals were paid . 
  if however companies would report every month per individual on how much they paid , then that information could be used to pay out automatically social benefits instead of need for individuals to offer a paper trail on what they did and how much should be paid to them . 
  another thing that what has n't been touched is that even with automatic social benefits there still would be bureaucracy to handle people who miss manage their benefits . 
  essentially the classic cases of `` i do n't have any money now , i need money for the next two weeks food '' . 
   i have a feeling once you detach peoples self worth from their job and earnings suddenly you will have a lot more people involved in community activity 's and voluntary work , caring for the elderly and disabled and so on and suddenly this need to import people to do those sorts of jobs wont be a big issue anymore either and mental illness wont be such a problem either . 
  the question is it efficient . 
  the thing is that we already have an decreasing workforce while at the same time the rate of dependableness are increasing . 
  if we in the future want to maintain current lifestyle and quality of services then what we need is people going to work . 
  and it is not like there is n't work . 
  there is work . 
  currently there are more open positions in uusimaa than there was in the record high year of 2007 . 
  the problem is matching workforce with available work . 
  in some cases it needs relocation , in some cases it needs re-education , and in too many cases it is the case of apply more . 
   i 've gone off on an incredible tangent here but in short i think there is a fundamental reason rates of depression and metal illness are ten times what they were in the 1940 's , it 's only going to get worse so i see no reason not to be that innovate country once again and try something new . 
  unfortunately fear is the main driver for everyone in society right now from the leaders to the unemployed and it 's not getting anyone anywhere . 
  people see unemployment and know there will be less jobs in the future but then are told we need to import more workers , people see that we are getting poorer but yet the rich are getting richer . 
  the world is so paradoxical i 'm not surprised so many people give up and languish at the bottom of society . 
  in 1940s if you had mental problems , you were out there alone with them . 
  first of all there was much less possibility to diagnose on what you had , and secondly there were much less on what was described as mental illness . 
  the reason why we have `` more '' `` mental illness '' is actually a first world problem , an illusion . 
  instead of a person trying to cope with his or her problems , it is much easier to just outsource problems and blame them on adhd or as bipolar-disorder . 
  both by the way are over hyped and over diagnosed , because they are not real diseases . 
  bipolar-disorder is just a collection of different kind problematic behavior which allows doctors to describe them mental medication . 
  and adhd , in usa they made a study and discovered that adhd diagnoses increase from january until to the cut off time on being transferred on next years class , and after that cut off adhd magically almost disappears . 
   just like iceland took a different route as opposed to bailing out banks and it seems to be paying off i think finland should take a different path as regards future proofing our population and society . 
  iceland actually bailed out their banks . 
  what they did was to create new icelandic banks where they transferred customers and assets from the branches of failed icelandic banks . 
  what they did n't do is to cover customers of their foreign branches . 
  these savers and customers were saved by uk and netherlands governments which covered their deposits . 
  the big fight between iceland and uk & netherlands was should iceland directly cover the bailout done by these governments or would they need to try to get their money back from the liquidation of these banks . 
  anyways what happened in iceland is that the icelandic currency became worthless in a matter days and iceland set up a currency board thus individuals and companies could n't and still ca n't freely exchange isk to foreign currency . 
  the even worser thing is that people who caused the collapse of isk and ran the country on brink of bankruptcy went scot free . 
  iceland is really corrupt and cronyist in this case . 
   thing is at least when you had control over your currency and devalued it to keep export industry competitive or any other reason most the pain is felt by those with most cash and the `` cost '' is proportionally born from the wealthiest to the poorest ( unless of course assets are kept out of the country by the same wealthy ) . 
  name a rich person who has cash  rich and wealthy people seldom have cash around as usually all the wealth is tied into assets like stocks , bonds and real estate . 
  in any devaluation these assets will keep their value unless there is large scale de-leveraging going on . 
  not to mention that after devaluation , individuals with highly needed skills or knowhow will usually negotiate bigger pays from their employers to compensate the decrease of their purchasing power . 
  thus at the end of the day , effects of devaluation remain in industries that are most distant from exporting and in the public sector . 
   but when you are given a choice to raise taxes or cut public expenditure it 's usually the working class , those less likely to complain or change their vote who pay the price and a new thing in modern politics those who contribute to your election campaign also get off easier . 
  most income of the income taxes are paid by [ middle and upper middle classes ] ( http://www.akava.fi/uutishuone/ajankohtaiset/akava_verotuksen_kiristaminen_tappaisi_kasvunakymat.13291.news ) . 
  poor or working classes do n't really pay much taxes in finland , and the few rich people by income are taxed to death but as there are n't that many of them , they do n't contribute much . 
  the reason why we have n't cut spending nor raised taxes to a level where we can cover our costs is that middle and upper middle classes would raise an hell on paying even more taxes , while any cutting of government spending is displayed in media and political as taking from the poor . 
  the political dialog is dead . 
  i think one of the reasons is that politicians and the media do n't want to admit the situation : finland is not divided anymore between workers and capital , but between low productive and highly productive workers . 
  this is poison especially to left-leaning media and welfare state politicians as it removes the mantra of think of the poor and tax the rich .
