  saying that it is racial stereotyping to identify people begging and causing nuisances on our cities to be hurtful is only going to cause anger . 
  it is a fact , you ca n't deny it . 
  it is a fact that both romania and bulgaria have problems on their societies that is showing in the streets of our society . 
  i suggest that you do something to it , something real that cleans up our streets , and fast . 
  it is the russian mafia that handles cocaine traffic , italians have nothing that compares to them . 
  money falsification is also pretty low compared for example on falsification of us dollars . 
  and in case of money laundering talk about the swiss first . 
  all in all i see no problem . 
  explain to me how it is hurting all others ? 
  if you are a roma , but you have assimilated into society and look and act like everybody else then how does it affect you ? 
  you do n't see italians flogging to helsinki to beg . 
  neither do you see italians making illegal camps , nor do you see headlines about crimes committed by italian travelers . 
  but you do see romanian and bulgarian gipsies involved in the mentioned issues . 
  now what do you suppose we ought to do ? 
  say that it is just a-okey , it is not their fault , it is just their poor environment in their home countries and their culture , and close our eyes ? 
  or should we say that we do n't allow that on our country , that we do n't tolerate begging , stealing , camps and nomadic lifestyle ... 
  there is no hate against gipsies , but other immigrant groups have assimilated to their host societies ages ago . 
  tatars and jews from russia that moved here 100-150 years ago have assimilated so deeply that you do n't know or recognize their existence from the street view . 
  actually more and more finnish roma have adopted and assimilated into the society , they either appear modernized or you do n't recognize them at all from other finns . 
   on november 27th 2011 , a referendum was held to decide whether the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg should cease funding for the project . 
  58.8 percent of the votes cast were against such a withdrawal ( and thus in favor of the project ) . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuttgart_21 ), 
  everything from land to workforce cost less in developing countries than in rich developed countries . 
  actually land costs can be pretty massive when building a rail or motorway , even if the state would use eminent domain to purchase the land . 
  i myself hope that rail baltica would be build , it would allow rail tunnel to be build under the finnish gulf connecting helsinki and tallinn into functional twin-cities . 
  that would be a good for both cities . 
  is this question really worth to ask ? 
  while the rough definition of left and right stays the same from country to country , there is much variation on between countries on what is regarded on being on the right or left . 
  is it really ? 
  usually family background has quite much impact , i would say younger people are more inclined to green/left than their older peers , but that changes with age . 
  actually have n't the basic finns been very popular with the youth ? 
  finnish , european , fan of america ... 
  bachelor/master of engineering in computer science/information technology with a few years of experience on being a junior developer/developer working with java enterprise / . net/c/c + + / sap/oracle should land you in a decent paying job . 
  visa wo n't be problem after you have found a job and they have decided to hire you . 
  not knowing the language also wo n't be a problem , english is used extensively in many companies . 
  but when you are looking for a job , do remember that in europe salaries in most fields are less than in the us , mostly due to high progressive taxes and due to society taking care of things like healthcare and social benefits . 
  depending on your level of expertise , in nordics at least you should aim at yearly salary of 33000 to 45000 euro before taxes . 
  do you really think uk would be in the list of top ten most important matters for an european superstate ? 
  my prediction is that an european superstate would be extremely concentrated to domestic issues ranging from member states squabbling with each other to citizens and industries squabbling over policies of the union . 
  only when other superstates such as us , china or india or neighbors such as russia or north-african states do something will the union concentrate few seconds to the outside world then falling back to internal matters . 
  i would say that all talk and care about isolation comes from britain , not from europe . 
  it is in the minds of the brits on how to relate to the europe , are they part part of the union/superstate , do they have a special relationship , are they allies , are they neutral partners etc. . . 
  it really is n't an interesting union issue , squabbling over gap and trade policies are much more important . 
  i do n't know about netherlands , but in sweden you can search degree programs in english from [ study in sweden ] ( http://www.studyinsweden.se/course-search/ ) . 
  i 'm not expert on swedish universities , but at least [ university of gothenburg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_gothenburg ) is a very good school and they have a degree program of software engineering and management in english . 
  of course before you apply it is pretty advisable to ask some native working in the field of study you would like to enter on the reputation of said school . 
  of course it should be noted that in sweden and in many other european countries there are only public universities and they all have to confine to some standards on their quality of teaching . 
  but then again , it is always better to get an estimate from a local . 
  another things is that what do you define as being a good school . 
  edit . 
  just checked the program in uog and unfortunately noted that it has a tuition fee for non eu/eea citizens . 
  however do n't give up , there are many places that do n't have tuition fees for non eu/eea citizens . 
  also here is a site to find [ degree programs in english in finland ] ( http://www.studyinfinland.fi/study_options/study_programmes_database ) . 
  in that case immigration to either sweden or netherlands would be a viable . 
  probably the easiest way to do it would be by either applying for a job in a company in europe , or by applying into company in us that has either daughter or parent company in europe , and apply internally . 
  both sweden and netherlands have high number of international companies and in many of them working language is english . 
  additionally another option to immigrate is by applying into a collage/university in your country of choice . 
  in sweden all collages/universities are free and most have english degree programmes . 
  while studying you can learn the language , work , and get a permanent residency . 
  this is more of a general hint for everybody , if you are planning to immigrate into europe and ask for help in it , then could you please post also some information about you , like for example ... * what degree do you have and from what school * what work experience you have and from where * what is your financial situation * what do you plan to do in the country this information helps to make a estimate on is immigration a realistic option , and what kind of ways to immigrate one has . 
  in one thousand years , it is probable that no one of these companies will be operating any more , it is also probable that there is n't any more finnish state , it can be also possible that there are n't any more finnish people , it is remote possibility that there are no humans any more . 
  thus it is obvious that the future ca n't be controlled . 
  the only thing that can be done today , by the companies and the state watching them , is to make the best out of it . 
  the nuclear companies paid money into a fund that has collected money to take care of the nuclear waste . 
  this money has been used to build [ a repository ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/onkalo#onkalo_waste_repository ) 420 meters under the bedrock , used to study and use best materials and practises to dispose the nuclear waste so that it wo n't leak into the environment not now and not in the future . 
  this is the best solution available . 
  but lets address this again . 
  the waste is 420 meters down below , in a hard scandinavian bedrock , even if the waste would leak , the leakage would be local . 
  the damaged area would be in kilometres . 
  now as horrible as that sounds , that is n't very terrible when you take note that the finnish soil radiates by nature . 
  after 1000 years the waste radiates as much as the rock where it has been buried . 
  now of course this is not a perfect solution , but there is n't any . 
  people who rave about green energy forget co2 emissions have to be combated today , not tomorrow because there may very well not be tomorrow for the human race due to climate change . 
  and relying on just burning fossil fuels while developing wind and solar is risky business as they may never come to point where they can replace fossil fuels . 
  at least not until it is too late ... that is why it is absolutely necessary to have nuclear power , even if it does n't offer perfect solutions as it works and buys time to work out the problems in the future . 
  in finland we have only private companies building and operating nuclear plants ... * fortum which is publicly traded company with two reactors * tvo which is owned by a collection of industrial companies operating two reactors , building one epr , and being in process of selecting another reactor for their fourth one * fennovoima which is owned by e.on and industrial companies , being in process of selecting type of their first reactor, 
  you do know that areva is n't being subsidized by the french state as the eu regulations do n't allow it . 
  i do n't know how things are with toshiba , mitsubishi or ge , but from the point of view of energy producers and countries buying their technology , the question of subsidies is irrelevant as it only lowers their own costs . 
  in many countries governments do n't subsidise nuclear at all , for example in the nordics countries . 
  here the energy companies are largely investing into nuclear and studying having gas as an option , coal and oil are more or less out for new power generation and old plants will be shutdown in the coming decade . 
  in here the power companies do n't have any will to build wind energy as it just is n't economical in any sense , even when it gets government subsidies . 
  in unsubsidised market the so called green energy , wind and solar , do n't have any ability to compete with neither fossil fuels or nuclear based energy production . 
  if germany does n't stop subsidising green energy and let the market decide freely on production of energy , it will either go bankrupt or industries will leave the country due to high energy prices . 
  devaluation of the would be beneficial to eurozone as the economy in overall is n't as dependant from oil and gas as the us and china are , thus being able to tolerate higher prices of fossil fuels in exchange for increasing price competitiveness in world markets . 
  but again , devaluation of euro would be more beneficial for northern states as they are mainly exporters of industrial good and services . 
  actually i have to confess that i do n't no any country that has run necessary budget surpluses intentionally . 
  for example here in finland we have had budget in surplus for the best part of the 00 's , however it has been only enough because we have been lucky that our industries have been supported by the growth of the developing world , same too with germany . 
  in case of bubbles , i think that it would have been more beneficial if liquidity would have spread over a larger portion of economy , from housing to businesses to start-ups , this is because it would have been much easier task for the economy to reallocate percentages from here and there to other tasks than tens of percentages of workforce from construction to other fields like is the case in spain . 
  more balanced allocation of over liquidity could have also balanced out the downturn as it did in germany with the help of the government . 
  but yes , downturns and upturns are always problematic , at least with the fiscal compact you can remove morality from the play and just say that these peoples had bad luck , thus we must help them so that they will help us when we will have back luck . 
  i for one have n't heard much of any bad words about helping ireland , but have heard too much fuming over about helping greece , maybe it is a cultural issue , maybe it is a moral issue . 
  who knows . 
  in spain at the height of the property bubble , they used more concrete in a year than in the rest of the europe , that should have been a good wake up call for the government to slash down all public building and/or tax the hell out of building new property . 
  the same applies to ireland , the government could and should have slashed even more public spending during the boom years to cool down the economy . 
  of course that is politically not a popular decision to make . 
  but yes , you are right , fiscal compact would not have prevented fiscal and economic crisis in spain and ireland . 
  what we would have needed would have been an agency to supervise structural imbalances in the economy , however forming that and rules to guide it are seriously difficult thing to archive . 
  this is only about if ireland joins the eu fiscal treaty or not . 
  if ireland does n't join it , it wo n't prevent the treaty to come in effect . 
  however there is q major negative consequence if ireland does n't join the treaty , that is that it is n't any more qualified to emergency loans from the permanent european stability mechanism .
