  and it does n't give the money to cyprus . 
  it invests it into cyprus ' debt . 
  and as a side benefit it also protects it 's previous investments in cyprus . 
  could they find better investment opportunity ? 
  perhaps they could . 
  but this one is not that bad , plus it gives support to their closest ally in eu it is not investment if you get less return for it than from the markets . 
  i would also like to say that any talk of being an ally of russia inside the eu sounds to me like a treasonous talk . 
   they might not be eager but they would have to . 
  there is no way around it . 
  and in case they wo n't , russia will loose much less then eu countries . 
  why would they have to ? 
  what is there for the european tax payer ? 
  already the rest of the eurozone is more or less shielded from the greek exit and as cyprus is even smaller economy , i do n't see any reason why european tax payers would have to give money . 
   austerity measures is not a one pill fits all kind of thing . 
  you have to look in the root of the problem of each individual country . 
  cyprus is in troubles not because it has a massive dept or unsustainable budget . 
  cyprus ' banking sector is in troubles because it was tightly integrated with greece 's banks . 
  there is absolutely no reason to implement any austerity measures . 
  there is no requirement for the cypriot state to save its banks . 
  if the banks are in trouble , let them go bankrupt - problem solved . 
  however if the cypriot state decides to try to save the banks , then it is up to it implement it . 
  if the state has n't saved money on a rainy day fund and has to loan from the markets , then it needs to cut spending as deficit is deficit how ever you look at it . 
  they do n't have another choice . 
  to change how the currency union works , eurozone countries need to change eu treaties that form them , and to do that they need the approval of all union members . 
  now could the new treaty changes only apply to eurozone members ? 
  ... yes , they could , but the problem is that all eu countries except uk and denmark have an obligation to join the currency union in the future , thus letting other countries to opt-out would form another obstacle for them to become euro members in the future . 
  i would also like to once again remind you and everybody else that calls for the eurozone to form their own banking union is essentially a call for them to break out of the european union and form their own union to replace the functions that the eu has offered . 
  the bad thing about this is that it will eventually lead into a situation where the ez acts as a one block , and you will be demanded to either be with them or deemed to be against them . 
  already inside the eu , there is more and more pressure for the ez to act in this manner to enable it to achieve its economic interests . 
  if you need a bailout then you already have fucked up things badly . 
  and i 'm afraid that loaning money from russian state directly or via organizations close to it will just continue this , not fix real issues . 
  i do hope that some russian official would get some sense into things and would just point out that their own country and citizens need the money more than cyprus . 
  i also hope that russians consider that in the future ecb and european tax payers are n't necessarily eager to save bond holders from a default or debt restructuring that may become eventuality in case of cyprus if they do n't start austerity measures now . 
  spacepoles !!, 
  there are always external factors playing , that is a fact of life , but how people and states react to external and internal factors define how things will turn out . 
  for example a big reason why many african states failed after their independence was following socialism based economic development programs and not western endorsed free market capitalism . 
  a major reason why even stable african states such as tanzania and kenya have stagnated is because their governments have intervened to operation of market and have thus corrupted their production infrastructure . 
  this interference include things like forcing farmers to sell their crops to state agency below market price that is then compensated to farmers by subsidized fertilizers , however fertilizers are distributed back to farmers more on based political loyalty than production efficiency . 
  i would also like to point out that by lifting the blame from people and states , it only drives a point of victimization : that some countries and people are victims , that they do n't have capability to change things . 
  and this in my opinion is very harmful as it passives whole countries from actively engaging and trying out their best . 
  is bicycling possibility - too dangerous ? 
  how about relocation - costs too much ? 
  i 'm asking because during an economic downturn people reorganize their activities to cut costs and concentrate on core necessities needed to carry on into another day . 
  when the down turn started i had to relocate to helsinki due to work and spend the first three months sharing my friends single room apartment . 
  of course that was an easy ordeal as the new job paid good money . 
  you are forgetting few things about the situation ... greece has n't just had budget deficit , it has had primary budget deficit . 
  meaning that even if the greek state would have defaulted in the 2008/2009 , it still would n't have had money to pay all government expenses . 
  there still would have had to be austerity , it would have just happened in one big crash . 
  defaulting debt would itself have caused serious consequences in greece itself too . 
  all greek pension funds would have seen a massive amount of their capital being swiped away , leading them to become in capacitive to pay pensions to pensioners . 
  greek banks would also had made enormous losses leading at least some of them become insolvent , and if there would have been a panic reaction in the market , all banks would have gone bust due to bank runs . 
  after banks would have gone bust , the whole economy would have become into a halt due to both loss of finance to individuals and companies . 
  do remember that in this situation the greek state could n't have helped neither pensions funds or banks as they would n't have been able raise any money from the markets due to their default . 
  what the bailouts have succeeded to done is to enable the greek state to achieve primary budget surplus in 2012/2012 . 
  the greek state is now more prepared to live without external finance if things would come into a that point . 
  and again bailout have succeeded in preventing total collapse of the greek private sector via floating banks and financial institutions . 
  do you really need a car ? 
  enacting capital controls would go against one of the basic freedoms of the single market : freedom of movement of capital . 
  a bit under 10 % unemployment is n't normal for all european countries . 
  for example in the 80s both finland and sweden had lower unemployment than us , changed a bit due to industrial change in the 90s , and now again unemployment in both countries are lower than in the us . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=unemployment+rate+in+united+states%2c+finland%2c+sweden ), 
  should there be restrictions too for laying off engineers ? 
  because if you are going to shield one set of workers then you should be shielding all sets of workers . 
  however the problem then is that you have a collection of loss making industries and companies instead of having a small crunch time after which people locate and create new work for themselves . 
  like i have said before we need european fdic and sec backed up the ecb . 
  essentially this means that banks would be bailed out by having the ecb printout the money , like the fed has done in states . 
  the difference to states would be that money should only be used in return for equity . 
  in return for this , all eurozone banks should be europeanized , meaning that they would be taxed by the eu and not by the member states . 
  regulatory authority would also rely with the european institutions . 
  he is right . 
  nobody except loonies think that the eurozone will break up . 
  there is just so much political capital invested into the european union that there is only one way to go . 
  however nobody really knows what will happen and how things will really be solved . 
  i for example have been very disappointed that we are just now starting to talk about banking union , but even now politicians are n't suggesting using ecb as the lender of last resort to fdic/sec like institutions . 
  excellent :-), 
  you might be right about that . 
  i also think that it might be partly because the finnish position due to the war was less black and white : in the other hand it was an ally of nazi germany , on the other hand it was a western democracy fighting for freedom and human rights against communist dictatorship . 
  it is a little bit schizophrenic background . 
  [ the finnish concentration camps ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps ) were set up in the russian karelia , to hold up the russian population that had remained there . 
  it was bloody stupid and in my opinion the decision and functioning of the camps was much fuelled by anti-russian hatred . 
  however even more criminal was that the state allowed functioning of the [ einsatzkommando finnland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/einsatzkommando_finnland ) full well knowing that handing over pows would lead to their deaths . 
  i do hope that schools now teach these things , and they probably do , because dissertations have been made about both subjects . 
  people really should learn and make sure these thing wo n't happen never again . 
  i should note that the existence of concentration camps for russians in east karelia is again schizophrenic , because in the same time finnish russians fought in the finnish army against the soviets . 
  actually my grand father met my grand mother , a russian from finnish karelia , while being deployed there . 
  of course it is more schizophrenic that finnish jews fought side by side with germans during the war . 
  actually i have . 
  it was mentioned in my primary or high school history book . 
  i think there was one page dedicated to expulsion of germans after the second world war . 
  the page had a black and white image of a long column of expelled germans . 
  the text told that 12 to 14 million people were expelled , from which 2-3 million people died . 
  while the text was as unemotional as possible , i did sense that something went horribly wrong . 
  later on i have read much more about it and things did went terribly badly after the war . 
  on that note i would like to say that the biggest problem is n't that people do n't know about it . 
  people do know about , they do n't necessarily have the detailed image that would make them emotional about it , but they do know . 
  the problem is that there is active denial in ex-communist countries about their past . 
  their history is history of victimization , of being victims of both german and russian aggression and crimes . 
  they deny involvement in aggression and crimes against humanity fuelled by ethnic hatred . 
  even worse is belittling of this that is too practised . 
  of course even in the western countries there has been denial of many things and it has taken quite some time to accept a new image of history .
