  lets compare , eur per kwh , finland vs. italy * households ... 0.137 ( f ) vs. 0.207 ( i ) * industrial users ... 0.075 ( f ) vs. 0.167 ( i ) are you really saying that in italy energy does n't cost too much ? 
  have you wondered are the bills actually high because energy costs so much or because energy efficiency is so low ? 
  for example using the figures of [ vaasa emg ] ( http://www.vaasaemg.com/suomi../pricewatch/pw146-18000k.htm ) , electricity costs for a small house in finland with electric heating costs approx 1000e with yearly electricity consumption of 18 000 kwh . 
  not to mention that many houses in finland are heated with district heating were over heat from power plant is used to heat whole cities . 
  and how would those refugees exactly help economies of europe grow ? 
  people who come from outside the developed world do n't generally have anything to contribute in highly developed economies - they simply do n't have knowhow or knowledge to become productive members . 
  and no , we do n't need more people to do simple jobs , we have enough people already for those jobs , not to mention increasing automation and outsourcing continuously decreases need for non skilled labor . 
  oil and other natural resources are all traded in global markets and they have the same price for everybody . 
  economies that have deep purses can buy the resources they want and need while economies with less hard currency at hand ca n't , this is clear case of economic power . 
  another point to add is that besides natural resources , corporations also have the same price for everybody . 
  again , a country with huge loads of hard currency will buy out companies from countries with less hard currency . 
  this has direct linkage to money flows , were dividends of work will go , not to mention what is done and where : headquarters vs. daughter companies . 
  if you want to measure economic power then you use nominal figures , as in figures in hard cash because that hard cash is convertable to any kind of action money can buy . 
  cutting down elderly care can actually be a good thing by sending people back to home instead of institutionalizing them . 
  i do n't know if this is debated so much , but i would say that this is the biggest news right now , thought not so hot ... [ structural reforms announced : aged care slashed by 300 million euros ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/structural_reforms_announced_aged_care_slashed_by_300_million_euros/6961979 ) in overall , this has n't really gathered much debate , because ... well the consensus more or less is that the state wastes too much and thus should cut and use money more efficiently . 
  luksenka can live because russia still has some capacity to support the regime , but someday the day will come when kremlin has corrupted the russian economy so much that they do n't have any more resources to prop their vassals , and that day is closer than we think . 
  the new russian power under putin was supposed to become the energy power , based on leveraging huge russian oil and gas resources , however markets have outmaneuvered putin , with every new fracking , lgn-terminal , etc. . . his days are coming to an end . 
  sooner or later luka\u0161enka regime will collapse , it might collapse next year or ten years from now , however it will collapse sooner or later , and that is the time when integration process will really start with them . 
   i am suspicious of russia and have a knee-jerk tendency to be against them , but i have to wonder : other than anti-russian jingoism , why is europe so eager to get ukraine ? 
  you do understand that eu is not a monolithic block , it has many power centers and actors . 
  in case of eastward expansion , i would say the push for extending reach of eu to ukraine comes from eastern member states and especially poland who want to secure their neighborhood and borders ; uk is on board this too both from geopolitical reasons and due to political namely making sure eu has something other to do than deepen the integration ; and of course brussels is on board of this because the more member states they can collect under their umbrella , the more powerful center it will become . 
  in my opinion the eu should try to get ukraine , moldova and belarus under eus influence so that these countries can start to develop and become prosperous in the future thus also generating economic growth and increased security also in the old member states . 
  sometimes it is very odd to read comments in these forums . 
  restaurant workers that i know from cooks to servers are usually happy about their jobs , feel proud of their work and live normal lives . 
  and sometimes i get the feeling that before people in other countries ask for handouts from example from finnish taxpayers , they should themselves work their own systems better . 
   is a program like this truly sustainable ? 
  i mean , look at the debt crisis europe is in right now , is there anything to say this type of program wo n't lead to a disaster ten or twenty years down the road ? 
  in short , is it affordable ? 
  it is not and the issue is not money , money could be saved depending on how much state bureaucracy would be dismantled and to what level basic income would be set . 
  the thing that makes basic income unattainable is its destructive power on working moral and on participating on keeping the society functioning . 
  a real danger is that if you enable basic income , what you will get is big amount of people who will settle their life on coping with the basic income and will not anymore work ... 
  i have few friends ... * one has been unemployed for 3 years , has n't applied into any job , has n't applied into any re-education . 
  it is not because he could n't get a job , he is very good with operating machines , and would become a good truck driver , the state employment agency even would pay his truck driving licence . 
  unfortunately he lacks initiative to do anything , and as more time has passed , he has just become more passive . 
  * one has graduated to a m.sc.econ from marketing , has been unemployed for 2 years and has concentrated on complaining about all things . 
  does n't want to work in office or in a corporation , wants to save world . 
  when i helped her to make job applications , from 10 applications that i made in two weeks , she got interviews from 3 places , and one place almost took her . 
  unfortunately she said that she did n't need any help , and thus did n't make any application for a year . 
  now she was finally employed by city who showed her a place to go , after which she discovered that she really would like to work in a office , doing very creative things of course . 
  * one has studied for 10 years in three different universities without graduating from any of them . 
  the last i heard about him , he was unemployed , doing basically nothing with his life . 
  * one , who is not in my direct friend list , has n't worked ever in his adult life , been 15 years unemployed , has n't studied , etc. . . actually is proud that he can manage without doing work and leading a good life . 
  the worst thing is that all these are people in early 30s !!!, 
  they are in the best age to work and contribute back to society , but no ... 
  they either ca n't get themselves up or just do n't want to do anything . 
  it is crazy !, 
  it is crazy because there are jobs , there are jobs that pay well and would offer all of them better living standards , but no ... 
  they have settled for less ... 
  i myself do n't have problem paying taxes , which are high and as high income earner they are very high for me . 
  taxes are needed to keep the society working and enabling us to have all nice things from free education to healthcare and welfare , but i do n't like the idea that i have to work and give my time away so that others do n't have to work and can have all the time in the world . 
   the motion will stipulate that any profit from the provision of gas , electricity and other utility services will have to be reinvested in the services . 
  that is pure madness . 
  you can say goodbye to foreign investments , no sane investors will invest into a volatile country where operating environment can dramatically change . 
  you can also welcome inefficiency as normal market pressure that keeps prices in check is removed the market . 
  thank you !, 
  i was about to comment on this very issue , but you kindly provided a good article about it !, 
  debt levels in both ireland and spain went down because of the construction and property bubbles that hid them out of sight . 
  if governments in both of these countries would have acknowledged possibility of bubble , they could have taken adequate measures to keep public spending in check , but they did n't and that is why bursting of the bubble hurt so much both of them . 
  that is were the negative connotation comes from , that however does n't mean that it would be right or correct . 
  neoliberalistic thinking is basis under all developed western economies , the amount of market freedom and state guidance and rules vary between states . 
  i really ca n't understand why people use neoliberalism as swearword , would they rather be in a nazi concentration camp or in soviet gulag than doing work and enjoying life somewhere in the western world ? 
  it is sad that neoliberalism is usually used as a swearword . 
   neoliberalism is an economic philosophy that emerged among european liberal scholars in the 1930s attempting to trace a so-called ` third ' or ` middle way ' between the conflicting philosophies of classical liberalism and collectivist central planning . 
  [ 1 ] the impetus for this development arose from a desire to avoid repeating the economic failures of the early 1930s which conventional wisdom of the time tended to blame on unfettered capitalism , and a simultaneous concern with avoiding the inhumanity of national socialism . 
  in the decades that followed , neoliberal theory tended to be at variance with the more laissez-faire doctrine of classical liberalism and promoted instead a market economy under the guidance and rules of a strong state , a model which came to be known as the social market economy . 
  the unease that germany feels towards ecb is n't just because of last weeks rate cut , actually last weeks rate cut is a non-issue , the real issue is that ecb has lowered their collateral requirements that their balance sheet has become full of garbage assets . 
  this is unattainable in the long term , the job of ecb is not to full fill holes made by politicians unwilling to enact structural reforms and cut down unattainable public spending . 
  i myself have enjoyed from the last weeks rates cut , it will essentially mean that my loans that are priced with 12 month euribor will come even cheaper in the next summer when it is next time to update my interest rate . 
  actually not . 
  quickly skimmed the net and found [ this ] ( http://www.vm.fi/vm/en/04_publications_and_documents/01_publications/06_state_employers_office/ho_eupj_enkku_netti.pdf ) . 
  * 62.7 % work in the private sector * 18.0 % work for the local government * 12.8 % work as entrepreneurs * 5.6 % work for the central government * 0.9 % work for the church, 
  finnish state cutting down funding of municipalities for 1 billion eur is a push to get the long waited structural reform of municipal sector done . 
  even if the times were good it still would have to be implemented because it is bloody stupid to waste good money on inefficient organization , by cutting down number of municipalities from 300 to 100 money can be saved and public organizations stream lined to produce the same results they deliver now but with less money . 
  the excess money then can be returned to tax payers who can then invest it and produce economic growth . 
  essentially what you quoted was `` please think of the people , give money '' with emotional tone attached to it . 
  and the plea for ecb to use unconventional policies is more or less asking ecb to print money . 
  so lets start from why ecb printing money and why it is problematic and actually the totally wrong , and unfair way to deal with the crisis . 
  all troubled eurozone states are more or less medium to high wealth societies . 
  italy is very wealthy , and so is ireland , spain is not far away . 
  portugal , greece and cyprus are all medium wealth economies . 
  why is this important ? 
  it is important because they have capability to actually take care of the welfare of their citizens via means of income transfer between their citizens and thus taking care of the social aspect of the crisis by themselves . 
  the problem of course in here is that southern troubled economies there is no common will for solidarity : grey economy is big part of the total economy ; corruption is rampant in some countries ; paying taxes are dodged everywhere and by everybody ; etc. . . greece for example would n't be in this whole mess if everybody had paid their share of taxes . 
  same too with italy , italy could have lowered their total debt burden in the last 10 years when the time was good , but they did n't !, 
  the real problem in here are the leading classes of the troubled societies . 
  they have n't had any interest to fix major problems that they have known that exists for decades , and they still do n't have any interest to actually make very hard reforms to combat this problems . 
  and this is both left and right problem !, 
  so what the deal with the eu/ecb/germany / etc. . . well to put it straightforwardly that is simply outsourcing the responsibility away . 
  instead of dealing with problems , leadership in troubled economies is screaming to get others people money to fix the mess that they caused and the mess they are not willing to fix , they just want money to remedy their situation . 
  now let me ask you a question . 
  i work hard and i pay my taxes to the finnish state , so does the company where i work for pay taxes they own , so do all shops and business where i visit pay their taxes . 
  why should i then be required to also pay for the spanish-me , for the italian-me , for the greek-me , etc. . . like i said before , troubled economies are not poor , they have money , what they do n't have is people willing to contribute to society . 
  so why exactly should my money flow to those places even if people who are part of those societies do n't want to contribute their share ? 
  and yes , unconventional policies by the ecb , essentially printing money is just that , it is moving purchasing power from one place to another . 
  from my point of view as being a person whose money , either in increased taxes or via increased inflation would be transferred from here to there , i just want to ask is that really right ? 
  why should i contribute when others are n't who in the first place should be the ones doing it ? 
   there , you could have had read that for yourself , but you 're a lazy bum that 's quick to throw judgments about subject while displaying complete lack of interest in it . 
  ; ) m.sc.econ and the last 10 years in business life , i know what talking and what the subject is , and it is interesting , but the general problem with people in reddit and in general is that they do n't know , and they do n't want to know better . 
  you are making a problem out of something that is n't a problem . 
  gdp growth not benefiting everybody is not a problem when a society has democratically decided to not balance things out , thus the problem of living conditions not becoming better with everybody is n't a growth problem , but a societal problem .
