  if you do n't want to engage into a discussion and back up and rationalize what you say , then your opinions do n't matter . 
  throwing magic words around that you have learned from media and discussions do n't make an opinion , they just form a waste of time . 
  excuse me , but it is mercantilism that thanks to free trade people all over the world can afford more ? 
  farmers in india can afford nokia phones ? 
  more and more people in china can afford volkswagens ? 
  how is it that when everybody has more , you call it mercantilism , you need to start backing up your words . 
  the global economy has been growing all the time . 
  billions of people have been lifted from absolute poverty thanks to ever increasing economic growth . 
  if you do n't want to go to india or china to see this , you might want to compare photos of what eastern europe looked alike before the collapse of the iron curtain and how it looks now . 
  well , actually developing countries should be and some are net importers . 
  the idea simply to say is that investments and consumption of today are paid by future growth . 
  the eu commission would take sweden to the eu court due to breach of accession treaty , and the eu court would then decide if sweden has breached its accession treaty , and if so what penalties it would get . 
   that would be a dumb move to force certain countries to join the eurozone . 
  all eu member states , excluding uk and denmark , have an treaty obligation to join the eurozone . 
  the thing in here is that countries are willfully breaking their treaty obligation and not working actively to join the eurozone . 
  that has got to stop . 
  either non-eurozone countries get their act together and fulfill their treaty obligations or the eu commission starts process to freeze their membership . 
  well , if we define that anti austerity is not cutting state budgets , but either maintaining them as they are or expanding them then deficits will stay high , and that will worsen dept to gdp ration until it is unattainable . 
  thus the only way anti austerity will work if it concentrates on increasing economic growth that will keep the debt to gdp ratio tolerable . 
  this means that ... * troubled economies need to make deep structural changes that they actually have n't done to this day . 
  * states have to seek ways to produce more from what they got , i.e. 
  make services more efficient , increase quality of services , etc. . . 
  i 'm very doubtful on do the troubled states have political will to actually implement structural reforms and do they have enough organizational knowhow to increase efficiency of the state . 
  not every technique works the same in every company , however the main thing is that companies need to have the freedom to manage themselves as they want . 
  that is the main thing . 
  in europe what has happened is that states have dictated strict policies that have hampered the ability of european companies to organize themselves as efficiently as possible , thus hampering growth and creating inefficiencies and in general decreasing risk taking . 
   but that is all dependent on what the time parameters are for each country , and how each country is doing with regards to that . 
  these powers surely do n't apply to the uk and denmark , but only those that joined after the $ was introduced . 
  finland joined the eu in 1995 , and joined the eurozone in 1999 , the maastricht treaty obligations were known in 1992 when ec membership negotiations were started . 
  that is 7 years , or 4 years , depending on from where you count . 
  that should be enough for most countries . 
  lets not forget that many countries have fulfilled their treaty obligations , and fast : slovenia ( 3 years ) , malta ( 4 years ) , cyprus ( 4 years ) , slovakia ( 5 years ) and estonia ( 7 years ) . 
  what goes to uk and denmark , while the eu does n't have power in this case to throw them out , adequate power should and could be used to make a case of either leave the union or adopt the euro . 
  like i said before , a single market without single currency makes the market untenable in long run . 
   the sort of process you outline would take several years at the minimum , probably well over a decade ( considering some states that joined in 2004 still have n't adopted the $ , and that 's 9 years ago ) . 
  if over 10 years after the eurocrisis ( and with the $ performing strongly ) these nations still do n't want $ membership then there is something fundamentally wrong with the currency . 
  it does n't matter do these countries want to join the euro or not , they have treaty obligation to do so . 
  if they do n't do so , then they are breaking their treaty obligations not only towards the eu but towards all other member states . 
  usually if one participant of treaty decides to break it , then that treaty it is void . 
  so should the member ship of those countries that broken their obligations . 
  oh yes they do . 
  eu commission has the obligation to monitor that member states fulfill their accession treaty obligations , and if and when they see that a member state willfully breaks its treaty obligations , they can take it to a eu court . 
  penalties on breaking treaty obligations can range from fines to ultimately freezing membership of the treaty breaking member state . 
  in my honest opinion , as soon as this crisis is over , eurozone should use its financial and political power to either make the rest of the eu countries to either join the eurozone or leave the union . 
  they can , but that may not be so wise . 
  many believe that there will be a day of reckoning as soon as crisis in the eurozone calm down , meaning that in some point of time eu commission with the backing up of leading eurozone states will push things to point where either non-eurozone states join it or leave the eu and possible the single market . 
  the single market was created to function with single currency , the current state of things , were some are n't in the eurozone and thus can assist their industries with devaluations/deprecation of their currencies is untenable . 
  actually your currency would be euro or you would be kicked out of the european union . 
  you have obligation to join the euro due to your accession treaty into the eu . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm enjoying some red wine and bread thank you very much ... what you should ask , why are you expecting that somebody else is responsible on setting up your life ? 
  why is employer responsible for your life more than you ? 
  slaves ? 
  you as an employee make everyday a decision to go to work , it is your decision . 
  anytime you do n't want it , you can quit . 
  you have that freedom . 
  you are in charge , but also have the responsibility that comes with your decisions . 
   the way the eu is structured , the labour market ca n't work the way it works in the us . 
  each country is on its own , they 're trying to force the large corporations to stay in their country ; they lose too much if the companies leave . 
  the government will have to pick up the tab and pay unemployment benefits , etc for those people laid off . 
  most eu countries are bigger than us states and have much more diverse industry and company structure than us states . 
  even if you would have large company relocating , or going bankrupt , it really would n't be felt in the national level . 
   in the us , this is not an issue : if a company leaves california for nevada , it does n't affect that much the state of california because the unemployment benefits , social security , food stamps , etc. 
  are paid from the federal budget to which the company and the new employees will contribute in the new state . 
  if you have a very dynamic economy , even if one company or industry sector is feeling down , the rest of the economy will pick up the slack . 
  for example in the same time as nokia has downsized , the same time other companies in other industry sectors have recruited ex-nokia employees not to mention all the startups . 
   as long as the eu is not going to be a true federation , we ca n't have a flexible job market . 
  we can and should have flexible job market because that is the only way to create new enterprises and new industries . 
  clearly having rigid labor market does n't work for spain , maybe instead of trying to protect few jobs they should concentrate on fueling the economy with freedom - you know , capitalism , it works . 
  in finland we have concept of term of notice during , this is the time employ have to pay wages to the employ , but employ also have to work for it ... * if employment has continued at max 1 year = 14 days * over 1 year , but not more than 4 years = 1 month * over 4 years , but less than 8 years = 2 months * over 8 years , but less than 12 years = 4 months * over 12 years = 6 months and yes , this is too much , there should be no term of notice , no severance pay . 
  we have unemployment funds and social security to cover people , there is really no reason to have term of notice . 
  ... read more about spain  prior to the spanish labor reforms , the labor act required , under certain circumstances such as unjustified dismissals , that employers make severance payments to the terminated employee computed on the basis of 45 days ' gross salary per year of employment with a maximum of 42 months ' salary . 
  the reform law reduces the required severance payments to 33 days per year of employment and caps payments at a maximum of 24 months . 
  additionally , if an employer can demonstrate three consecutive quarters of losses , the employer will now only be required to pay 20 days of severance per year of employment . 
  24 months is absolutely a killer !, 
  edit : sorry , you said the same , unfortunately i 'm running in week batteries . 
   i do n't think this is an issue . 
  i know that the entrepreneurs complain about this , but i do n't see countries with weaker protection for employees being more entrepreneurial . 
  well , there is the us of america . 
  and you know this is not only about entrepreneurs , this also about big corporations , because successful start-up become fast growing companies and fast growing companies become fast growing corporations . 
  if you want to have the next oracle to be born in europe , you need to give ability not only entrepreneurs but also to companies and corporations do what they need to do to be as successful , as profitable and as fast growing as they can be . 
  that is capitalism . 
   you can fire employees with temporary contracts for free the first three years ( two years before ) . 
  new : you can fire for free permanent employees under 30 years the first year . 
  if your company is losing money or revenue ( even having a net profit ) the government the firing costs will be 20 days per year and the government will pay 8 days per year . 
  and the government allows you to use interns as employees and you can fire them for free and you can pay them under minimum wage . 
  you need to have the ability to fire anybody at any time . 
  european companies need to have the ability to for example imitate what jack welsch did in ge ...  former general electric co. . ceo jack welch is the most passionate advocate . 
  he believes that managers should assess their employees every year , and divide them into three categories : the top 20 percent , the middle 70 percent , and the bottom 10 percent . 
    the top 20 should be showered with praise , affection and various and generous financial rewards . 
  `` sprinkling '' financial rewards over a much larger group is a mistake , mr. welch argues . 
    the middle 70 should be given coaching , training , and thoughtful goal-setting , with an eye toward giving them an opportunity to move into the top . 
  keeping them motivated is the most difficult part of the manager 's task , he says . 
  `` you do not want to lose the vast majority of your middle 70 -- you want to improve them , '' mr. welch says in his 2005 book , '' winning . ''   as for the bottom 10 percent , `` there is no sugarcoating this , '' mr. welch says . 
  `` they have to go . '' this is the ability that european companies are missing . 
  just think about how fundamentally different companies would act if they could just from time to time fire their weakest links , from young to senior , everybody under radar . 
  two of the biggest reasons ... * firing employes is either expensive or down right impossible . 
  companies need to be able fire employes when ever they need to and without costs.this means companies ca n't build hyper competitive culture and expansion and growth are much more riskier . 
  * declaring personal bankruptcy is impossible in most european countries . 
  this means that risk associated to failure of new enterprise or startup can easily be prohibitive .
