  in the end , it had reached a scale so massive that some investments are bound to fail and to create a catastrophic domino of indebtedness . 
  no , no and no . 
  you are not really paying attention . 
  lets make an example of both spain and cyprus . 
  in both of these countries , local politicians were very closely in bed with the banks and because of this , both of these countries are toast . 
  what happened in these countries is that people in power positions took advantage for their own benefits and corrupted the whole local financial system to benefit their own short term goals . 
   now , to see why this is unavoidable , imagine the following scenario . 
  let 's assume that the united states and the united kingdom do not allow their crazy financial sectors to invent crazy financing instruments . 
  imagine that greece placed strict limits on its borrowing . 
  imagine spain and ireland prevented their own banks from investing so heavily in real estate . 
  imagine that every economic actor that needed money decided not to borrow unless they were extremely sure they were able to service those loans . 
  then what ? 
  the profits would stop getting recycled and the whole system would grind to a halt , leading to deflation , which is the exact situation we have now : everyone is super careful not to take any loans they are not absolutely sure they ca n't repay and no one is making any investments they are not absolutely sure will pay off . 
  and thus , all our economies are experiencing a slow death whereby all economic activity ceases and we feel that by doing nothing we purify ourselves . 
  countries such as finland and sweden for example have smoothly sailed out of this crisis because banks in here have been well regulated and they have n't engaged to financial gambling . 
  you do understand that there is this middle ground called doing normal business . 
  tennessee is still part of of the third world . 
  how many hundred of years there needs to be wealth transfer before tennessee is able to become a net contributor to us federal budget and not net recipient ? 
  the same is true with north italy vs. south italy , south is still part of africa even after huge amounts of money has been transferred there . 
  you know , you are going to doom southern europe to economic abyss if you are just going to do wealth transfers to `` smoothen '' out economic disturbances for the sake of it . 
  you have to have a plan that will make sure that money is actually used wisely so that it will eventually raise countries receiving it . 
  at that time point the damage has already been done . 
  it is seldom that banks that need re-capitalization are able to pay back their bailout monies fully with interests , and even in cases where that has happened , it has easily taken decades . 
  this is n't a solution that prevents banking crisis , this a solution that puts the european tax payer to pay for the mistakes of some . 
  another issue in here is that esm is funded/guaranteed by european governments , essentially european tax payers . 
  the money that goes to rescue these banks is very real and comes from ordinary people , from people like me and you . 
  lets say that banks in france and germany would go crazy , fuel the biggest investment bubble in the history of europe , as both france and germany would be too broke to rescue them , where would the money come ? 
  the thing in here is that what we need to do is to have a mechanisms that will prevent the next crisis . 
  when you put those mechanism in place , then it is more or less trivial to just close this crisis , make debt restructuring , re-capitalize banks , etc. . . 
  but unless there is a mechanism that prevents mistakes done in the last 10 years , then there is no way money can just be thrown at to solve this crisis because the crisis will come back again and again . 
  the only solution to solve the problem of member states and banks is that they are all europeanised from the get go . 
  all banks will operate as europe companies , they will pay all their taxes to the eu , they will be legislated and regulated by the eu , and if something goes wrong , then tax money collected from them will be used to make bailouts if and when needed . 
  wealth transfer at what level , and what will be the outcome of these transfers ? 
  eu has already invested huge amounts of money to build up infrastructure in less developed countries and to invest on building up of the civil society . 
  so where is the additional money going ? 
  do remember that there are limits on how much money you can draw from productive places to less productive before productive places start to degrade due to not having enough money to invest . 
  if global competitiveness of such countries as germany and finland starts to degrade then it will be for the loss of whole eurozone . 
  these problems can happen everywhere if the system allows it to happen . 
  for example germany has big problems with their landesbank , they are more or less toast , and they are more or less toast because local politicians have been too interlinked with them . 
  the thing is that spain , greece , cyprus , ireland , etc. . . went bust because their systems allowed politicians and banks to operate in a ways that endangered the whole system . 
  and this is not a cultural thing , this happened now in mainly south , but it could happen next in germany ? 
  who is going bailout germany , who has money for that ? 
  what needs to happen is changes to the whole system , you have to make system wide changes to prevent these same kind of things happening in the future . 
  do you know what sepa is ? 
  sepa is single euro payments area , a system that has made all banks and banking inside the euro area domestic : functionally the only difference between a greek and a finnish bank is that they are incorporated in different legislation , otherwise it is the same , transferring money takes the same time , credit and debit cards work where ever inside the euroarea . 
  what this means , and what has n't happened yet , but will happen , is that for example a latvian bank could expand and open up branches all around europe , take new customers , make new loans , etc. . and it still would be latvian bank with latvian bank authorities and regulators taking care of it , paying its money to latvian state . 
  during expansion , during good times , this bank could easily become one of the biggest banks in europe having trillions after trillions of assets . 
  there is nothing currently that could stop this , nothing ... well , you of course would say that local regulators would n't allow this , but ... * have you asked where were the cypriot regulators when greek state made their debt restructuring ? 
  because the cypriot banks went bust , because they had invested into greek bonds , but it took a whole year , before they went bust . 
  essentially meaning that the cypriot regulators and politicians closed their eyes , and pretended that their banks were n't bankrupt even when they were . 
  so essentially this means that whole states and collide to commit a fraud to benefit their own interests , because they are all in bed with one and another . 
  * another thing to note is that when a bank is a smaller than the country it operates , the country can handle its risks . 
  but when a bank is larger than its home country , when for example its europe wide , then the risks that it creates are systematic : if european tax payers wo n't bailout the bank , then it will crash the whole european economy , thus the whole crisis created by one member states is not anymore its responsibility . 
  the only way you can circumnavigate all these problems that arise from local politicians and local banks being in bed with another , is to lift up financial benefits from member states . 
  if member states do n't anymore benefit from windfall tax revenue caused by their banks , then they do n't any impetus to close their eyes or allow riskier operation procedures . 
  allowing eu tax banks may sound like a talk of a mission creep , but you have to understand we already have euroarea wide banking market , and if we want to keep it and the euro , then the only way out is to make drastic decisions . 
  unfortunately the solution that i proposed is basic solution that is barely good enough . 
  you have to understand that these questions are very hard , these problem , these systematic problems are very very hard , and to even reach a good solution , you have to make lot of work ... for example one of the reasons why we in the euroarea do n't have our own fdic ( federal deposit insurance corporation ) is because different economies in the euroarea have so wast differences between legislation and operation environment that their associated risk are so different that if you would put up a same fee for all euroarea banks , you would essentially create a wealth transfer mechanism from less riskier to riskier countries , essentially creating an impetus for governments in less riskier environments to allow their banks to take more risks . 
  now is this the kind of thing that you want to allow ? 
  yes i did read and the problem with this approach is that how the hell can you guarantee that after the current crisis is solved member states that caused all this trouble wo n't go back to their old ways ? 
  for example the reason why spanish caja 's are in trouble is because local politicians were very closely linked to management of these banks . 
  by allowing/making these banks to loan money for endless real estate and infrastructure projects , politicians created work for their voters which the unions liked , they also put money in the hand of owners of construction firms , real estate brokers , etc. . . 
  so you had this unhealthy cycle that in the end spun out of hand . 
  so what has changed with this ? 
  because lets face it , the reason why we do n't have fiscal or banking union is because politicians want to have freedom to do what ever they want , taking this freedom out of there hands is very hard , and if we now set up a system that lifts responsibility but not freedom to act from politicians , they wo n't give this up until they have created a systematic crisis than can break up the whole european/global economy . 
  just think if the spanish crisis would have been german one ? 
  who the hell could afford to bailout germany if they had done the same things that spanish and the greeks did ? 
  again complete rubbish starting from the first proposal . 
  if esm would directly recapitalize banks then there would n't be any interest from the part of member states to create real banking . 
  no , what would happen is that some member states would take advantage of the situation and allow their banks to take huge risks very well knowing that they would be rescued with other peoples money . 
  this is not acceptable !, 
  the only workable solution that banks are required to become europe companies whose tax revenues go directly to the eu and all matters concerning then are sole competency of eu . 
  if member states do n't accept this , they deserve to go bankcrupt . 
  before the financial crisis it seemed that both spain and ireland would become net contributors in the next 5 year period , but unfortunately both suffered an economic melt down . 
  however when these countries recover , they will probably sooner or later become net contributors . 
  i have to say that i do n't have a problem that a small part of my tax money goes to eu and part of that goes to building infrastructure and helping less developed and wealthy member states to develop . 
  for your information from the tax money i pay to the state , approx 3.8 % goes to the eu , which in my case in real money is approx . 
  so the sums are not that big and they usually go to good cause , for example building infrastructure that will also help finnish economy : motorway from berlin to tallinn also speeds up transports to and from finland , making our economy more competitive . 
  what i do have big problems is bailout programs for eu members , not that there should n't be some kind of mechanism to allow reorganization of troubled countries with external help , but the way things have been done to this day have more or less been ridiculous and ineffective . 
  another big no-no are wealth transfers . 
  for example the reason why greek school children do n't have hot meals provided by the society is not because greece as country could n't easily afford it , it is because tax payers in greece have n't been willing to pay for it , and if they are not willing to , why should i be willing to pay for them ? 
  people who want wealth transfers should first concentrate on making solidarity work inside their own countries before demanding solidarity in european level . 
  that is why you continuously invest into research and development so when your competitors catch you , you have already moved ahead of them . 
  of course someday chinese will of course catch german companies , but with good luck they have already in that time become a developed country and lost their cost advantage . 
  however even then it would n't be loss for germany as rise of china also facilitates global growth of the market , thus there will be more market for the germans to export to . 
  you do know that germany is one of the two countries that has a balanced trade balance with china ? 
  maybe instead of just looking at europe you should look on the world beyond europe . 
  the problem really is n't germany exporting to other eu countries , it is the other eu countries not exporting enough to the rest of the world . 
  people still have the freedom to choose what they do , what they ca n't do is to make other people pay for it . 
   portugal is going to have a demographic crisis that is going to be even worse than this . 
  a fertility rate of 1.32 and decreasing . 
  and less and less people will have children if the austerity continues . 
  almost nobody can afford private childcare and the public childcare is almost not existent . 
  i very well know that and that actually is also one of the reasons why state needs to employ less people to allow private sector have more people producing goods and services to trade with the world . 
  you can only invest into welfare when you are able to pay it . 
   and you are n't saying when the economy will rearrange itself or in what point of the development scale . 
  i have the feeling that the demographics problems , increasing poverty , unemployment , increasingly unskilled labour will make impossible avoid the bankruptcy unless the austerity is applied to levels to are hard to believe even now . 
  and if that 's done portugal will be in the same situation as romania in 10 years . 
  you can compare the situation with the collapse of the soviet union and its former soviet republics . 
  for example estonias gdp per capita was 10820 in 1990 , it dropped its lowest in 1994 to 8 054 , and then started to steadily increase , achieving its soviet levels in 1997 and in 2008 doubling the gdp compared to 1997/1990 .
