  why am i the one to characterize as a fanatic cultist nutcase , when i did my homework ? 
  you have n't done your homework . 
  you do n't know or understand the value generation of a market driven capitalistic system . 
  you just take granted that someone innovates and produces the daily things that you use . 
  are you working in a corporation ? 
  have you worked ever in a factory ? 
  have you ever started a company ? 
  have you ever made an innovation ? 
  done a new product or service ? 
  what is the background that enables you to say `` you all people are wrong , you are all doing it wrong '' . 
   and second , your comment shows that you have n't got the first clue about what the communist theories are and what 's its history as a prominent discipline of the humanities . 
  prominent discipline of the humanities ... that is bullshit . 
  communism is a political theory at utmost , a failed theory that is . 
  few good examples ... * public tenders : all government contracts are put on public tender and out on the open for anybody to bid . 
  * subsidies : all in all european states and regional authorities give lot less subsidies than their us counterparts , and in cases very subsidies are given , they are tightly regulated . 
  * opening up of natural monopolies : telecommunications , electricity generation and distribution are opened . 
  * common rules : regions and national authorities ca n't create hidden barriers of entry for foreign competitors . 
  while european governments and politicians in many cases use big words , they rarely can match what their american cousins can put out . 
  for example bailout of general motors , could n't have happened in europe , the company would have gone bust . 
  define post-capitalist society and how and with what model that can exceed the standards set by current liberal democracies and economies ? 
  because if you do n't define this , then communism belong is n't just an failed ideology , it is science-fiction . 
  canada would n't want to join because they could n't and would n't want to handle bulk of the european directives and obligations that come from joining the union . 
  what most people do n't realize is that the european union is on the fore front of market liberalization and opening of markets , much ahead of countries such as canada or the usa . 
  another issue is that a structure like the eu only works with people who share a common culture and level of development . 
  in case of the eu , there area already big difficulties with some member states , both old and new , that just are n't up to the same level as the rest . 
  we can handle this because in time these members states in question will catch up , but there would snow balls chance at hell for the eu to be able to assimilate and shift up for example north african societies and cultures up to common european standards . 
  edit : i would like to bring up what huntington said ... * `` a torn country must meet three requirements to redefine its civilizational identity . 
  its political and economic elite must support the move . 
  second , the public must be willing to accept the redefinition . 
  third , the elites of the civilization that the torn country is trying to join must accept the country . 
  no , it was n't a fantastic article , it was horrible article that used art of words to deliver a message without actually proving any content . 
  good propaganda for the true believers to keep their faith up , but nothing that actually makes any impact . 
  the problem i have with alain badiou and the likes of him is that they are philosophers and thinkers far away and disconnected from real life and incapable of actually understanding how it works . 
  for crying out loud , alan badiou has n't worked in a modern corporation , does n't understand how it works , how it produces values or how new enterprises are born , how innovation and inventions work . 
  no , he does n't have this knowledge , because it is not his domain . 
  but it should be his domain if he is to preach the joys of communism , because at the end of the day , when all the words have been said , there is work to be done and work to be organized , and he does n't have answers to these . 
  of course , these are hard questions , but then again , he is untruthful about many things that have been outlined before , just for the sake of providing better sounding rhetoric . 
  for example ...  `` someone who has lost any possibility of acquiring something does not , as a matter of fact , have any kind of freedom '' well who could this somebody be , maybe somebody with a severe disability , health or mental health problems , because any one else has the ability to acquire more just by using their intellectual capabilities . 
  again knowhow , knowledge and intellectual property are totally forgotten while they are at the heart of enterprising , at the heart of being able to produce , at the heart of our modern economies . 
  it is the knowledge that drives the world , not capital , not labor , not resources . 
  not to mention that he also totally forgets that there are already better models for functioning societies than communism . 
  for example western european and nordic liberal democracies balance very successfully capitalism and welfare in order to create working and prosperous societies . 
  so why even preach for communism ? 
  it does n't work , it never has n't and never will , because it is a inadequate ideology . 
  but then again , i have always had the notation that the reason why especially philosophers , thinkers and artists are big supporters of communism is that they want to be in the drivers seat on deciding how the society works . 
  but they are n't , and they should n't be on drivers seat , because they do n't have the knowhow and knowledge that professional career brings out . 
  conserving the environment starts by being a conservative . 
  this article and chart are rubbish . 
  the title talks about bank bailouts , but the chart talks about aid to financial institutions . 
  for example the charts shows that finland has approved 54 billion euros of aid to financial institutions , that would to efsm and esm . 
  fuck this article . 
  i would blacklist thomson reuters immediately for poor journalism if it was in my power to do so . 
  they have n't been stalled , they have themselves stalled new reforms to make them more compatible with the eu legislation and thus enable opening and closing of new chapters in accession negotiations . 
  the company had already tanked before elop came . 
  everybody knew it who were even remotely connected to the software development in the whole nokia ecosystem . 
  if you mean that two countries negotiate a treaty where make an exchange , then yes it is possible to buy 5 % of another country . 
  however no sovereign country would do that . 
  however what can happen is that another country buys/rents land from another country , but the big problem in here is that the host country still have sovereignty and full control of it , they could of course nationalize it or force nationalization by increasing land taxes to roof . 
  well for example cultural exchange has increased , we have more visiting art exhibitions from russia ranging between display of historic art to modern contemporary artists . 
  there are also lots of russian people who have moved to finland , especially helsinki area , and they have created lots of new interesting things again ranging from tea houses to interesting business propositions . 
  maybe the difference between finland and latvia is that latvia has a so called native russian speaking population from the days of ussr that has a different relationship with the country than for example recent russian immigrants to finland . 
  russians who visit or immigrate to finland do so because finland is finland , not russia and they want things continue to be as they are . 
  russia being a neighbor can be both a blessing and a curse . 
  in finland i think that russia has transformed in the peoples minds from a curse to a blessing in the last 10 to 5 years - a return to pre-indepence state of affairs . 
  russia and russians are everywhere here and they are definitely making a positive contribution to the country , be it economic or cultural influence . 
  of course the russian state and its pr machine still go from time to time to bonkers , but still , it is not troublesome or scary , more of an annoyance . 
  however i think that the reason for why the state of affairs is in order and beneficial to both parties in here is because finland has learned to walk a tightrope with russia , for example finland is n't a nato member and wo n't come one , however the country is n't a total pushover as it leans to backing of the eu in any troublesome case . 
  i think that this is the route on how to stabilize russian relations and turn them to positive : countries need to use eu as a backup while in the same time europe needs to decrease american influence . 
  while of course kremlin does n't like that a huge federal state that dwarfs it has become its neighbor , it is still slightly better than europe being in splinters and under the influence of the us . 
  not to mention that a european federation that incorporates historically russian friendly and culturally close countries such as bulgaria and ukraine would n't / could n't be really hostile towards russia . 
  eeeh ... [monster.com ] ( http://www.monster.com/geo/siteselection ) has already been invented . 
  you are essentially saying that all violence is a-okey as long as you do n't get caught and as long as it does n't discriminate a certain political group directly , such as perpetrator being a member of a political organization . 
  but it is a-okey to commit political terrorism and violence as long as you do n't belong into any organization directly , as long as there is no paper trail . 
  that is what you are essentially saying . 
  do you support killing people ? 
  because that is what you do if do n't acknowledge that there is a serious issue of also left-wing political terrorism in greece that has continued for decades . 
  i 'm not muddling waters . 
  what i 'm pointing out is hypocrisy associated with the whole case of trying to ban golden dawn as political party . 
  greece has suffered for decades from violence committed by leftist terrorist organizations and anarchists . 
  for example revolutionary organization 17 november has committed 17 murders and kidnappings , latest in 2000 . 
  but have people suggested to shutdown extreme leftist parties because of that ? 
  are they as guilty as golden dawn , more or less - the difference between golden dawn and extreme leftists groups is that leftist groups have had better chinese fire walls between terrorist cells and political parties . 
  the big thing in here is to recognize is that greece suffers from culture of political violence . 
  be it coming from anarchists , marxists , neo-nazies , etc. . . 
  the preferred way to solve this is via usage of violence , not via negotiations or trying to form a common ground for a compromise . 
  no , its the culture of violence that is in control . 
  and the sad thing is that people do n't even recognize it . 
  for example when/if you go into demonstration and take some firebombs , self made weapons or rocks with you , the thing is that you are guilty if and when something violent happens , you were prepared to be violent . 
  the same too with people who take part to demonstration , but do nothing to prevent violence . 
  for example the firebombing of the bank , there were plenty of people out there , did they do anything , did they apprehend the rioters ? 
  they just sat there and did nothing . 
  they are as guilty as the actual terrorists . 
  so how about it , are you willing to judge everybody with the same bar , or are you just advocating because it is your side that will be winning over the other side ? 
   no , i do n't think the firebombers should get away scot-free . 
  if found they should be arrested , and if the same evidence is found on them and they confess to have analogous connections to any political party , i will hold that political party equally responsible . 
  and how about when a member of political party identifies as supporter of criminal group ? 
  such as syriza mp openly [ admitting ] ( http://hellasfrappe.blogspot.fi/2013/01/shocking-syriza-mp-openly-admits.html#.ujrqzd9mnug ) identifying with anarchists . 
  or will you be saying that is n't the same . 
  okey then , now if member of syriza or other party is caught firebombing or caught making some other terrorist activity , should syriza then be also outlawed and its members thrown away ? 
  how about communists ?
