  lately in finland a huge number of symbian developers have been let go by nokia its partners , also many paper and pulp mills have been shut-down . 
  most people let go need to re-educate themselves and some have to relocate . 
  this in mind , why it is a-okay to let business people , engineers and workers to live and die by the market , but not expect the same from farmers ? 
  ending cap would n't mean return to national subsidies , it would mean that agriculture would be treated the same as other industries - no subsidies , if you ca n't make it in the market you die . 
  this would end wasting of sizeable amount of money and make agriculture as an industry more cost efficient . 
  of course the down side with total ending of cap would be endangering of food security in a crisis situation . 
  to deal with this we should establish a common framework to calculate how much money is needed and where it should be used to ensure food security individually in all member states and what europe wide backup mechanism there would be . 
  we should also remember that agriculture forms only minuscule amount of gdp in highly industrialized and developed economies , the agricultural sector does n't have any more the clout that it used to have . 
  i 'm not sure are you being sarcastic or not ... consumers of information want it to be free , but producers usually want to be compensated for it . 
  if there would be no ipr-rights , then some producers would withdraw from business while others would put more draconian measures to protect their property . 
  then again , if ipr-rights are too restrictive and measures too draconian , there should wo n't be any more consumers . 
  a good set of ipr-rights are ones that promote producing of new information while making consuming of it easy and affordable . 
  why is protection of intellectual property rights bad ? 
  i can understand that for example acta was badly negotiated and done in wrong way , but that does n't mean that we should n't protect ipr rights . 
  actually in my honest opinion protecting ipr rights is crucial for developed economies and thus should be advanced . 
  true , but then we should n't call it cap , but for example common food security , and we should also fit the amount of money based on securing food production in case of emergency . 
  not to mention that the money should really be used to secure food production in emergency , and not just subsidize inefficient farms from going bust . 
  for example right now the only country to my knowledge in europe that has enough crops in stock for the whole population to survive one year and seeds to plant a new harvest is finland . 
  i did n't add energy to the mix because common energy policy could be too restrictive . 
  for example states like finland and france are committed to build more nuclear power while states likes germany are committed on abandoning it . 
  not to mention that a common energy policy can easily become an way to milk subsidies if it for example dictates that whole europe should use solar energy with guaranteed prices , this would be major transfer of funds from north to south . 
  energy can be a common policy if , but if only it revolves around making sure that energy market is free, 
  defence ; external intelligence ; interstate security ; foreign relations ; single market ; and single currency . 
   so germany wo n't be pushing for budget reform in the upwards direction then ? 
  that that does n't concern uk , that the uk has n't said it would veto it , so they 'd have to go for a power grab if britain uses veto , then the eu budget will still go up automatically , but it is based on the last budget period plus inflation . 
  that is actually something that the uk does n't want either , because it will mean that there is no change on where the eu spends its money . 
   that 's another reason why eu scepticism has become so rife . 
  you 've just said you do n't care about a country 's democratic choice as long as the power grab that you want goes through , even if its against their will . 
  why should i ? 
  the irish or any other country can always exit the union if they do n't want to be in it any more , but it seems that people do n't have problem on being in the union , because no country has n't made an exit . 
   your tangents just get stranger . 
  as a reminder you 're saying this in reference to the uk referendum vote and how you argue the uk ca n't make the right decisions for the uk , but you over in finland can identify what is right for the uk . 
  essentially yes . 
  if you are smart and educated and have the brain capacity , then you will much better informed and can make a better judgement . 
  the fact is that 98 % of people have an iq of less than 130 . 
  again a fact . 
  most people ca n't handle lots of information and certainly not on how complex systems work . 
   i do n't know if you 've noticed but germany is pretty much all tapped out thanks to greece and spain . 
  forget about italy , and they so very , very much need massive reform ... and britain has the veto . 
  shit eating grin time again because we know the cards that are in our hand . 
  germany has n't been tapped out , what they have understood is that what is needed in the euzone is active monetary policy lead by the ecb that can use all the tools it needs to do the job . 
  in the next years , probably after crisis has gone , people will go into the drawing board and make a new eu treaty that will gather all lessons learned into a new design . 
  now britain does have power to veto , but that does n't necessarily work . 
  already with the european fiscal compact what the eurozone and other countries was to negotiated intergovernmental treaty that side stepped eu mechanisms and thus the british veto . 
  if there would be any serious issue with the british veto concerning a crucial eurozone reform , there is real possibility of zone just sidestepping the whole eu , organizing their own union and moving into it . 
   the recent eurozone developments has been a change for the better ? 
  yes . 
  there is now the esm together with new banking regulator . 
  together they allow the eurozone to better handle local or regional fiscal crisis and keep the banking sector stable . 
  those are all steps that will enable creation of single banking market that is now forming thanks to introduction of sepa system . 
   so europe 's not going to try and claim an extra powers to sort the crisis before 2015 then . 
  that 's what your argument is now ? 
  does n't concern britain as it will get opt-out , thus cast-iron guarantee cameron can say that there is no need for referendum . 
  and if you would have read more carefully , you would have noted that i talked about future governments , not this cabinet . 
   to find one sane british person that thinks what you just said is remotely true and to clone them 20 million times by the 2014 european election because that 's what you 'll need for any pretense of a mandate to change the constitution . 
  there 's also the very real chance that ukip will be competing with the conservatives for the number one spot . 
  european elections do n't mean anything for the uk european politics . 
  what only counts are the parliamentary elections . 
   hear that , ireland ? 
  you did not have two referendums because that would be subversive . 
  denmark , you can shut up too . 
  ze europeans have spoken . 
  nobody mention maastricht . 
  nobody mention nice . 
  ireland that treaty you signed after the second referendum was n't exactly the same as the one you rejected in the first referendum . 
  do n't care , i 'm not irish , nor citizen of ireland . 
   i got the result i wanted actually . 
  on reflection i was right . 
  bringing republics into it does n't make any sense . 
  it was a referendum on voting . 
  you have republics and you have democracies . 
  two different things . 
   keep talking because it 's people like you that fuel uk scepticism of eu intentions and you 're clearly not interested in addressing uk public opinion but how best to circumvent it . 
  scepticism is healthy , it 's why the uk is now the one in the best position for negotiation . 
  i do n't care what britain or british do , do n't care if they are in or out . 
  the whole conversation started from me noting that uk referendum on exiting the eu is not very likely and that the referendum wo n't be simply a choice between keeping status quo or exiting , if and when the choices arises , it will either going back in integration or going forward with it . 
  and in case of negotiations , the fact of the matter is that eurozone is a behemoth of over 300 million inhabitants with the second largest economy in the world , while britain is n't a small country , size does matter when it is negotiation time . 
   to their credit the uk did try to warn the rest of europe . 
  with every project you will eventually run into difficulties . 
  that is always given . 
  but crisis will make things stronger , the eurozone is already a different place than it was when it was created and before the crisis started , and the change has been for the better . 
    and again people failed to do the right thing . 
   that attitude is the reason people are so eurosceptic . 
  we have parliamentary republics because people know that they ca n't make right decisions , so they have relegated this power to the parliament , and parliaments have relegated much of their work to state bureaucracies that examine , research and prepare decisions for them . 
  if people do n't think that this is true , then they need something else than a parliamentary democracy . 
   oh really . 
  that 's all . 
  they 'd just have to walk into the house of commons on national telly and change the constitution , which they 've only just introduced so there is absolutely no intention , and legislate against future referendums . 
  that is what any future leading coalition would essentially do , and they would get away from it just simply noting that people have elected them , they have the majority and they are going to do it for the best of the british people . 
   that and when they do they end up bullying people to have a do-over until they get the result they want , only the uk is far too big to bully . 
  actually no . 
  in the case of european constitution , it was re-factored into lisbon treaty that is almost the same as the constitution , but does n't have the same symbolic value . 
  in the case of ireland , after a no-vote , they got re-clarifications that they wanted and that was that . 
    the same is true with the uk , when was the last time you voted in a referendum ? 
   last year and again people failed to do the right thing . 
  that is why most european countries are republics . 
  in the uk , parliament is the sovereign . 
  if in the future any uk government would want to accept a new eu treaty that it has negotiated , the only thing that the parliament has to do before accepting the new treaty is to repeal the european union bill . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  while eurosceptic press would scream and shout , at the end of the day it would have no impact , as governments usually move into directions that they already tested to be safe .
