  instead of paying that money in taxes , i could take one years vacation , do nothing . 
  so who does that differ from conscription , government takes one year worth of my time every year ... from my point of the only difference is that instead of being called private , i 'm called mr. senior consultant . 
   furthermore , on the note of taxes , everyone already pays for the security the military provides , so it 's not like the general population is not contributing to general security . 
  equipment is only a small part of the overall expenses . 
  in case of country like finland either we are going to pay for a standing army of somewhere around 50k to 100k to be ready to fight against an possible invasion or we are going to have an conscription based army that can be assembled and put to fight quickly if needed . 
  and before you start with , `` see you can just pay for the defense , everything can be voluntary '' , then i have to make note that armies that are professional armies like the us army , the people who fight the wars come mostly from lower income segments of the society . 
  joining the army for many of them is `` voluntary '' . 
  a conscription based army is much more equal , everybody needs to contribute and anyone can be on harms way . 
  not to mention that machiavelli had many excellent points about professional armies that are still true even today . 
  a conscription based army is more loyal to the country and nation that it serves than a professional standing army . 
   conscripts are nothing other than fodder in a real war . 
  if you want your country defended you 'll raise taxes and buy proper equipment , not inject more bodies into the meat grinder . 
  you ca n't never ever replace foots in the ground with equipment . 
  not to mention that to make that equipment to become a credible fighting force you need people in the ground , and a lot of them if in case one is to mount credible defense against a country such as russia . 
  you do know that one could also make the same case about taxes . 
  why do n't we make taxes voluntary ? 
  do you see any problem with that ? 
  the thing with taxes is that they provide common services for everybody . 
  if paying taxes would be voluntary then there would be people who would get all the gains of having an organized tax paid society around them without paying for it . 
  conscription based army is the same as taxes . 
  everybody enjoys from the security that the army provides . 
  if conscription would n't be mandatory , then some people would be providing the security and others would enjoy of it without contributing for it . 
  a good healthy society ca n't function for long if its members are n't contributing to its up keep equally . 
  in case of security , conscription is one of the most equal ways to provide . 
  in case of other things modern societies need , taxes are the way for everybody equally to contribute . 
  as a citizen you both have rights but also obligations . 
  in many countries who take their ability to defend their country seriously there is conscription . 
  i went to finnish army for 9 months , some went for 6 months and some for 12 months . 
  while i would have preferred not to go to the army , it is a cheap price to pay for our continued freedom and security . 
  in finland we have saying , country either has its own army or the army of its enemy . 
  i prefer having our own army in our own country . 
  hmmm ... 
  but are eastern european societies really egalitarian ? 
  because when one looks with them for example throe [ hofstede dimensions ] ( http://geert-hofstede.com/countries.html ) they all seem to have very high power distances , and high power distances are n't good sign when looking for equality in society . 
  for example denmark has one of the lowest power distances 18 , when romania has one of the highest 90 , and czech republic 57 . 
  actually when i compare top 10 happiest countries , what they all share are low power distances and high individualism . 
  is that so ? 
  [ world happiness report 2013 ] ( http://unsdsn.org/resources/publications/world-happiness-report-2013/ ) ... [ and with pretty pictures ... ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2013/09/09/business/earth-institute-world-happiness-rankings/ ) rankings ... * denmark * norway * switzerland * netherlands * sweden * canada * finland * austria * iceland * australia, 
  there is an report for that ... [ global gender gap report ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_gender_gap_report )  the report examines four critical areas of inequality between men and women in 130 economies around the globe , over 93 % of the world 's population :  * economic participation and opportunity -- outcomes on salaries , participation levels and access to high-skilled employment * educational attainment -- outcomes on access to basic and higher level education * political empowerment -- outcomes on representation in decision-making structures * health and survival -- outcomes on life expectancy and sex ratio and as one could guess , the nordic countries are at top !, 
  who could have guessed !? 
   in case west vs. east , you ca n't really make that comparison , but it seems that nordics , central european countries , and anglo-saxon countries are leading . 
   here 's the thing : populism is ugly , but it works . 
  populism does n't work , at least when it is put in action . 
  just look at latin america , rampant populism has lead many of its state come failed states from venezuela to argentina . 
  populism can make you win elections , but it is not good for the people when put into action . 
  fuck gazprom and fuck kremlin . 
  we should declare total economic war against russia . 
  we should blockade the whole country , no imports , no exports , no money transfers , no nothing . 
  when the people hang putin and his cronies and torch the gazprom headquarters we can return to normality . 
  otherwise we should treat them as an hostile power and wests global power to sanction any third party that does business with them . 
  lets drive them into bankruptcy and keep them there until change comes . 
  edit : not to mention we should ban entry of any gazprom employee or their family members to us and eu and confiscate all their property . 
  [ borat - throw the jew down the well !!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb3imtjjzfo ), 
  one thing to factor if you would like to study in finland is that you need to have enough money to live a year in here in order to get a student visa . 
  currently the finnish state has defined that amount to be 6720e per year or 560e per month . 
  all other eu countries all so probably has this same legislation , but of course the amount of money needed varies . 
  another thing that i would ask you to consider is what is your plan when you finally start to study and what after studies ? 
  if you study for example in finland or sweden , it is absolutely necessary that you become fluent with the native language during studies , i mean almost like an native speaker , if you do n't then you will have hard time finding work that matches your education and potential from the country you studied . 
  that is unfortunate truth . 
  hope so . 
  i really ca n't understand why these tanks could n't be sold to saudi arabia , they are going to get them anyway from either us or from the americans so it would be better if it would be from us . 
  even better if they are going to be manufactured in spain , less need for bailouts , 
  from the polish border there is only 590km to kiev , and 700km to tallinn . 
  are you really claiming that the german air force could n't effectively operate from polish bases ? 
  both eurofighter and tornady have flight distance of 1390km . 
  yes the sorties would be limited like you said , but they still would be effective . 
   the example of ukraine , which has massively underperformed even belarus , shows that worshipping western ways and plaintatively clutching at their lapels is no panacea . 
  i 'm only commenting this because this underlines the biggest fault of the current russian political leadership ... approx 75 % to 80 % of the russian federal budget comes from oil and gas revenue when counting the service sector to the figure as it is also largely funded by it alone , gas and oil directly contribute 50 % to 60 % of the federal budget . 
  the reason why russia has been able to become more developed is because of oil and gas revenue , but this is n't real development . 
  what is there left is you take all the oil and gas revenue away ? 
  not much . 
  another thing to note is that the only reason belarus has n't collapsed and sinked even lower than ukraine is because russia supports the regime with both funding it directly and giving it discounts in oil and gas prices . 
  there is no development at all in belarus , with out russian support it would be more poorer than the worst parts of ukraine . 
  from this point and this point alone i usually ca n't understand any support for putin and other people in kremlin . 
  they are wasting russia 's resources and opportunities for real growth and real development . 
  germany and other european states do n't need aircraft carriers , air fueling , cruise missiles or accuracy ammunition to protect ukraine and baltic states . 
  what they need is friendly bases and to move their military assets to the designated targets . 
  any air war that is conducted in ukraine , belarus or baltic 's can be handled from german and polish air bases . 
  not to mention armored brigades can easily conduct operations in baltic countries and ukraine , the supply lines are not long . 
  the red army was on the brink of their abilities to continue on . 
  if the us would have dropped two atom bombs to moscow and leningrad , it would have destroyed the whole communist leadership opening the door for the collapse of what was left of the regime . 
  not to mention that the us had material advantage and well rested troops , if they had rearmed what was left from the wehrmacht they could have easily drove the red army from central europe . 
  why did you make a point about libya when the whole operation was about force projection and not about conventional war ? 
  germany has n't ever had force projection abilities and uk and the french have made some investments , but not substantial . 
  in case of operation in ukraine it would n't be a force projection , but more akin to conventional war using friendly bases near the target . 
  seriously , do you vote for putin because he truly represents your world and political views , or is it because there are no better alternatives ? 
  world would have been a much better place if instead of hiroshima , usa would have dropped atomic bomb instead of hiroshima and nagasaki to moscow . 
  it would have been better for everybody , even for russians themselves as all the communists and their offspring would have been wiped away from the face of the earth . 
   90 % of the assets used would have to be american where does this claim come from ? 
  during the cold war the main fighting force of nato in europe would have been the bundeswehr , not the us army . 
  this still holds true , germany is still geared towards traditional land war in europe . 
   opposed the banks which were squeezing those in debt ( moratorium on taking away the house if you ca n't pay , converting swiss frank loans to forint at an unfavorable rate ( should be 1 chf = 240 huf , but they introduced a law saying the bank has to exchange it at 1 chf = 180 huf ) , special tax on the banks is that even legal ? 
  what is wrong with the equipment of the finnish army ? 
  air force and armored units are if not good then at least adequate . 
  we are talking about confidence in here . 
  if any eu/eurozone state can be invaded and occupied without eu/eurozone states together acting against the invader and liberating occupied territories and punishing the invader , then there is no confidence that it could n't and would n't happen again and again and again until there is no eu/eurozone . 
  that would mean that international markets could n't truest that euro has any value . 
  if euro does n't have any value then eurozone members ca n't buy gas , oil , commodities from global markets , it would be the end of the european economy . 
  this is not comparable at all .
