  we have to be really careful on ensuring that our countries can stay as stable and developed as they have been , that we do n't go back . 
   and you make it sound like all the refugees from syria are uneducated . 
  that is not the case at all . 
  most people from syria have an education . 
  you did n't say what education . 
  the fact of the matter is that all around developed countries new employment is generated to either very low-knowhow or very high-knowhow segments of industries . 
  if that syrian refugee does n't have a university degree with high knowhow working from leading global firms , his education is more or less useless as there are already enough low skilled labor in the work market . 
  i 'm not against immigration , but any immigration must be done in managed way . 
  we can only take so much immigrants that our education , health care and social systems can take of , not to mention that we have to make sure that we have growing industries that can employee these people . 
  if we do n't do this then the real danger is that we will be bringing people here and dooming them to be the permanent underclass of the society . 
  another note to remember is that it is always more efficient to use money to support people in struggling countries than support them when they arrive here . 
  however unfortunately our development aid to this day has been inefficient and wrongly done , instead of encouraging for example africa to industrialize by giving them trade benefits , we usually just prop local corrupt governments that just waste the money without it ever benefiting the common people . 
  and then what ? 
  immigrants and refugees hardly have anything to offer for first world high-tech and high knowhow economies . 
  they would just become a burden to our welfare systems . 
  we have to first get our defense spending to 2 % of gdp . 
  nato really does n't need another country that is n't willing to spend what has been commonly agreed in nato . 
  another thing is of course , finnish do n't threaten , they just do , 
  in europe we have the freedom of speech and freedom to peacefully demonstrate . 
  any usage of violence instead of usage of these rights is an attack against the free society . 
  personally i will say that one should consider on leaving europe if one does n't want to be an european , secondly i will vote on parties that want to assimilate non-european residents or give them opportunity to leave . 
  in more broader spectrum , multiculturalism is dead in europe , even merkel said it . 
  what this will mean that european countries will more and more drive to assimilate minority groups into their respective cultures and societies so that they are seamless parts of them , not separate parts . 
  let me introduce you to thing called the west ... * [ history of western civilization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_western_civilization ) * [ western culture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_culture ) when you are an european , you are expected to carry the values that europe holds dear , that are part of its culture and behave accordinly . 
   from less than 50 percent in the mid-1990s , [ 14 ] ** the share of commodities in russian exports has grown to 70 percent today ** , with oil accounting for more than half of the export income . 
  [ 15 ] ** representing up to 30 percent of the country 's gdp and half of its gdp growth since 2000 , [ 16 ] hydrocarbons provided at least half of the state 's budget revenues last year . 
  ** [ 17 ] five years ago , russia needed oil prices of $ 50 to $ 55 a barrel to balance its budget , but alexei kudrin , former first deputy prime minister and finance minister , estimated the breakeven price at $ 117 per barrel last year . 
  [ 18 ] when the author says that 1 million people are employed by commodities industries and 149 million are living from that , it means that oil and gas industries are fuelling the rest of the country . 
  if you remove oil and gas revenues then suddenly the whole economy will collapse because there is n't almost anything else . 
  because there is almost nothing else happening in the russian economy than oil and gas , russia has n't really grown and become more developed . 
  compare the situation for example between russia and estonia : russian gdp per capita ( nominal ) is just 14,818 usd while for example estonia 's is 19,031 usd . 
  actually if you want to really see the difference between a mafia state and real functioning economy you only need to compare estonia ( 19,031 usd ) to ukraine ( 3,919 usd ) . 
  this is the real price that both russians and ukrainians are paying for their non-functioning states , the difference between russians and ukrainians is that ukrainians know that they ca n't afford on having a mafia-state . 
  muslim , jew , christian or atheist ... 
  does n't matter . 
  if you live in europe , are a citizen of a european country , you are european first then whatever else . 
  what that means is that you do n't go and attack other europeans , it also means that you do n't wave the flag of some other state in order for you to identify yourself . 
  you are a european , if you do n't like that , then all i can say is that maybe you should n't live in europe . 
  other option is to paint hammer and sickle to the street . 
  unfortunately too many russian officials would take that as an compliment and not as an serious accusation of them belonging to a murderous group . 
  in case of shield and slogan , the message is not clear enough for them . 
  all the embassy personnel should know that they are collaborating with an evil regime that is no better than nazi or soviet regimes . 
   that was a different situation , everyone knew those were part of the armed forces of russia . 
  the rebels have the ability to shoot down planes , so they are the most likely responsible . 
  russia shooting down a civilian plane is just so stupid and unlikely . 
  the rebels probably did it , they have been shooting down planes for the past days . 
  if it was the rebels , where the hell did they get them ? 
  from your local junkyard ?!, 
  hardly !, 
  the russians are arming and training them , not to mention all the russian officers directing the fights out there . 
   you 're very russophobic ... 
  i wonder if you 'd say the same about the us or nato ... okey , let me say it clearly . 
  fuck you buddy !, 
  my other grand mother was finnish russian , she lost her home and village thanks to soviets , not to mention many of her relatives that were fighting against the soviets in both winter and continuation war . 
  i have soft spot for russian language and culture , that said , the current russian state and its leader are horrible abominations from times that i thought would never come back . 
  it is as much of russophobic to be against russian state and its leaders than it was germanophobic to be against nazi state and its leader !, 
  the message is very clear . 
  nazis painted star of david to jewish shops and homes to mark who they were . 
  by painting a swastika to the street in front of russian embassy the message is clear : this is nazi embassy . 
  * venezuela . 
  was n't taken over by communists , more like national socialists getting into power . 
  instead of mass murder , people have simply left . 
  around 85k dead . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cubaverdad.net/genocide.htm#other%20sources ) * catalonia ... why not just spain , much easier to find executions and murders committed by the red terror * paris commune failed , they did n't have time for mass executions , however they executed what ever prisoners they had when the end was near . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_commune#24_may_-_the_burning_of_the_hotel_de_ville.2c_and_the_execution_of_prisoners_and_hostages ), 
   i understand you 're very enraged by the situation , but i 'd wait for proof to come out that the armed forces of russia did this before making such allegations last time we waited for the proof was in crimea of the identity of little green men . 
  now after it is too late we know that they are russian army . 
   also , this is a pretty bad situation , but to say that is `` an attack against the whole global society '' is quite an overstatement . 
  calm down . 
  this is all part of the bigger picture . 
  russia is waging war in ukraine , there is no question , and they are waging it with blatant disregard on human life . 
  that is unforgivable . 
  either the world punishes them so badly that they will get rid of the regime or we might face in decade or two a new fascist threat appearing against whole world . 
   and by the way , not all left-wing revolutions in the past have led to mass executions anyway . 
  name one where the revolution was successful and did n't cause mass executions in the aftermath . 
  certainly , now our politicians ca n't just tip toe around this . 
  people will demand action - this is totally unforgivable . 
  how many planes have ukrainians shot ? 
  none . 
  practice has shown that where ever there is an communist takeover , huge amounts of people are executed right after that as class enemies . 
  i do n't think that there is any relevance on what the nationalities of the passengers where - there will be repercussions . 
  what this really shows is how deeply the russian state is waging war in ukraine . 
  after this there is no denying of the fact . 
  not to mention they have blatant disregard of human life !!!, 
  this is an attack against the whole global society !!!, 
  before this i was already thinking that we should end banking and transactions with them . 
  i say we just close all the borders , nothing comes in , nothing goes there . 
  i am speechless !, 
  this is just horrible !, 
  i feel like i should go to the russian embassy and show them what i feel about them . 
  maybe draw a big nazi cross symbol to the street to show what they are , what current day russian state is !!, 
   this is the same type of argument the soviets used against the united states . 
  `` and you are lynching negroes '' . 
  would you think it would be fair for someone in the 70s to say that democracies are inherently racist because they are `` lynching negroes '' ? 
  would you accuse them of a `` no true scotsman '' fallacy if they told you that racism is not an inherent feature of democracy ? 
  anti-semitism or lets say suppression of other ethnic and religious groups is a feature of an tribal/feudal society which demands that everybody is the same - a feature of an pre-modern society . 
  however the west has transformed itself in the last 250 years into post-ethnic and post-religious culture and society with a huge value transformation , going from religious based values to values based on ideas gained from humanities and science . 
  the difference here is that a culture and society are collection of multiple ideas and practices put together . 
  that is why a society can reform and renew by forsaking some ideas and replacing them with new ones . 
  however what you ca n't change is ideas and what are their roots .
