  none of them . 
  us is one of the richest countries in world , only 6 countries in the eu have higher gdp nominal per capita than they have . 
  us is also very diverse country with highly different regions . 
  for example the southern states have been historically more agriculture orientated and much more poor than their northern cousins , however that has changed and the sun belt has experiences manufacturing boom . 
  now as southern european countries are experiencing a crisis , one way out of it is to study what other countries and regions have done that has allowed them to become more successful and copy those things that worked back here . 
  would those bloated public sector have ever been dismantled in good times if it is this hard to dismantle them in bad times where there is real need to cut costs and excesses ? 
   prodi said that european nations could only compete with the `` asia cluster '' if they work together , and added that this applied to germany too , despite the strength of her industries . 
  the only way to create new work and new industries is to make market more free , rigid corporate and labour market legislation need to be removed . 
  what europe should study is how companies and labour markets operate in us , how southern states in the us have succeeded on creating new jobs and copy their practises back here . 
  she has n't done anything wrong , she should n't need to resign . 
  another thing is that there is nothing to be shamed on , she is woman , and woman like men have natural desires , video taken just depicts that . 
  actually i would say that those who use this video to hit her should be criticized heavily . 
  if somebody thinks there is something unnatural about naked women and sex then they should get their head checked . 
   so , non - democratic decisions , permanent limitless transfers , not following a single rule - the is way to go , according to you ? 
  if that is wisdom , i do not want to be wise ... . at least for now . 
  sometimes you have to break rules in order to preserve something , and if that something is very valuable to you , then you can afford to break rules quite much . 
   greece would n't take the banking sector with them , not any more , just their own . 
  we do n't want to do that , because it would take their private sector too . 
  what we want to do is to shield both the banking sector and the private sector so after the state has made a default , new growth can be based on them . 
  not to mention that it is n't right to punish private individuals and companies from the mistakes of the state . 
   payin the taxes to the eu ? 
  do n't you mean the ecb ? 
  the eu do not have the euro , and i will fight to the last of my dying breath not to get any swedish anything ( including banks ) to get more caught up in this slowly unfolding , non democratic tragic crash . 
  and - i mean , you do not pay taxes to institutions , you pay them to states . 
  in addition , ecb who is making deals with the banks can not collect their taxes . 
  also , taxes are set by democratic elected bodies , parlaments , and the ecb is the opposite of that . 
  all of a sudden draghi insists that finnish banks have had it to easy , so they need an extra tax . 
  do you think that is above him , or whomever who is next ? 
  eu or euroarea , does n't matter that much . 
  just replace eu with euroarea in your mind if i happen to mention eu . 
  the reason why banks need to pay their taxes to the euroarea/ecb is that if the ecb/banking agency is going to cover bank failures , then also benefits of banking must go to the one who is carrying the risks - no risks , no benefits . 
  another reason for this is because the euroarea has moved into sepa system where the whole area has become one domestic banking area for all eurozone banks , for consumers it does n't matter if your banks is finnish , spanish or german , it is the same . 
  in essence what has happened is that we have common european banking market , and in time , probably after the current crisis has been solved , there will be a huge merging of european banks into huge europe wide banks . 
  in this future market risks and tasks are so huge that no member state can answer for them . 
   it is not just competition , it is - everything basically to corruption , to rigid labour laws , to to high wages to - well , all of it . 
  debt is a part of it , but you do not clean up debt by banks going bust . 
  if you look at sweden or finland , who has both lowered their national debt , it has happened by growth , paying it off , sensible state finances , building up competitivness on the world market , trust in the system etc. ... non of that is happening , at all at the moment in the affected countries , . 
  yes , but it is better to do something , even if that something only has barely satisfiable results , than to do nothing . 
   actually , no . 
  the ecb 's main obligation is price stability . 
  read the statues . 
  their main purpose is not to save individual states , keep them in the euro , or whatever . 
  the reasons for this is as you know several , but the fact that a non democratically elected body goes in and make permanent decisions that effects everybody , is , at least in my eyes enormously scary and really show the democratic deficit in the eurozone ( i am just so happy we are not in , seriously ) . 
  this is also course , a precedent - now the ecb can walk around those tedious parlaments who demands this and that . 
  in the long run that is , at least to me , madness , since they can decide things , and it 's just for finland , or any other country to pay up , you have no say any more ( remember - limitless support , might just turn out to be that ) . 
  i will loan some wisdom from the other side of the atlantic and note that `` the constitution is not a suicide pact '' . 
   as for your suggestions , i agree with number one , although ecb actions speaks directly against it , if they believed that , greece should have defaulted years ago . 
  greece and other troubled countries ca n't default , because if they did it , they would take their banking sector with it , and that would take down their private sector as well . 
  this is the problem . 
  we need to enable states going bankrupt without it taking down also banks and the private sector . 
   second , are you talking about giving up banks ? 
  no more individual banks if all the revenues would go to the ecb ? 
  that is the end of the free market and the effects of that would be ... ... . . well , that is a whole other story . 
  what i 'm talking about is making banks europe companies , in short they would be detached from member states : paying their taxes to the eu , not to member states . 
  you see one of the things that got europe in this mess was that it was beneficial for member states to give a blind eye to banks as that would mean not only increased economic activity due to increased lending , but also increased tax revenue from the heightened profits of banks . 
  now by removing tax revenue coming out of banks would make it less beneficial for member states to act in short manner . 
   no , i am sorry , unfortunately i do n't believe your suggestions do not solve any of the underlying problems which is the root of this , like for example competitivness . 
  that is partly due , but to fix this you really need to clean up debt away anyway . 
  this can be done either by banks going bust , which is not a good thing if the whole sector dies in a member state , or there is a european bad bank where bad loans can be brought . 
  true enough , permanent transfers are bad and to be rejected , however at this point of time something needs to be done , and as politicians are unable to do what is needed , then the ecb has obligation to step in and make sure that the eurozone does n't burn down . 
  now in my opinion what is needed from politicians is to ... * accept that member states can and in some situation should make defaults * connection between public sector and banks needs to be cut . 
  all banks should moved under the watchful eye and limitless coffers of the ecb . 
  this would also mean that tax and capital revenues generated from banks would need to be directed to the ecb , not to the member states . 
  these would be very clear and simple changes to the european banking sector that would immediately solve the crisis . 
  however for reasons unknown to me , this is something that the member states have n't been eager to embrace . 
  not really . 
  what you have to understand is that the finnish state is wary of taking direct obligations under its name . 
  for example the finnish state has to loan money from the markets to pay its part of the bailout packages , now if one or some of the countries that received the bailout would default their bailout debts , it would n't remove the obligation from the finnish state to pay up loans that it took to fund these bailouts . 
  however the attitude completely changes when there are no direct obligations , or obligations are at least shared via common framework , like the esm . 
  in this case as the situation is dire and the measure taken , printing money , does n't need to be underwritten by the finnish state , then the question is all about does it make the situation better or not . 
  why do you underline ** white ** nationalism ? 
  or do you mean extreme nationalism , because if you do , then you should use that term , if you do n't , then what is wrong on being white and nationalist , and why would be it less wrong to be black and nationalist ? 
  or is white nationalism another code word for racism ? 
  again , if so , why do n't you use that word to describe the phenomenon ? 
  sorry , but you have to be clear on these things . 
  agreed . 
  for real ? 
  what is the point of this ? 
  is the point to have an excuse to default loans given by other eu member states ... '' * yes , we own you this much , but you own us this much , we call it even '' ... 
  unfortunately markets wo n't care about that , what they will see is country defaulting on their loans , and will judge accordingly . 
  actually why is ww2 cared so much ? 
  for crying out loud i as finn could cry that russians stole our ancient lands , drove my grandparents into internal refugees , and blaah blaah blaah ... 
  however that was then this is now , time has passed , things have moved . 
  russia is not soviet union , and current generation of russians are n't responsible for the sins of the ussr , and i as current generation finn are n't owned anything from the past or are n't a victim of the past . 
  reminding about the past on this point will only reflect badly on the reminder , not to the reminded . 
  skoda was bankrupt when communism ended . 
  the reason why skoda become success was because volkswagen bought them and transferred not only their technology , but also their organization and organizational practices that were developed in the past 50 years in the west . 
  that would essentially mean that social security would need to make deep cuts to benefits given per person , so in richer countries benefits would n't any be enough to support living , and in poor countries it would passivise people as it would be so high compared to local income levels . 
  not to mention that for eu wide system to work , it would necessitate either all local state bureaucracies to be as efficient and uncorrupted as the ones in north , or they would need to be shutdown and completely rebuild by bringing state officials from out side the country . 
  it would unforgivable if there would be the same amounts of corruption and black economy in poor and troubled countries as there is now because it would be robbing the rich countries by denying contributions from the poor ones . 
  then there also would need to be complete overhaul of labor market and corporate legislation , in short lots of red tape and costs would need to be cut . 
  for example the reason why spain , portugal and italy have high unemployment is because they have rigid labor markets , people ca n't be fired when needed . 
  would people really be willing to change their systems to be copies of northern countries , or lets say nordic countries ? 
  i do n't think that people in other countries really understand how much competition and flexibility in there is to allow our economies to work . 
  and it is only moving into having more competition , more flexibility , etc. . . 
  actually it is not . 
  us federal government transfers money much more from richer to poorer states than the european union . 
  not to mention that in europe we have similar kind of experiences , for example portugal and czech republic now have almost the same gdp per capita , even thought czech republic only became free of communism in the 90s and in all essence had to start industrialization almost from the beginning . 
  that again shows that internal policies have much more to do with prosperity of a country than any external help . 
  if you do n't stand or want to read something , then do n't .
