  lets compare ...  similarly , christians initiated a ton of violent acts , the crusades , the inquisition and so on , all in the name of their religion . 
  would you say that the ideas of christianity are inherently violent and oppressive ? 
  at the heart of the christian faith is salvation , eternal afterlife , by believing on jesus , turning the other cheek , not to mention for example things such as 10 commandments : thou shall not kill ... 
  the basic here is that while christians have initiated lots of violence , that violence has been against the core beliefs and ideas of the religion , thus in time the religion and its practitioners have rooted out things that are against those core beliefs ...  is it so difficult to accept that there are ideas and there are people who do things in the name of these ideas ? 
  and sometimes the things they do , do not necessarily reflect the inherent qualities of these ideas ? 
  some things can reform , but when you build your whole ideology on class warfare where one group of people commit a genocide of another other group of people , you ca n't really reform that . 
  that would be akin on saying that national socialism is actually a very good idea , it was just poorly executed and corrupted by people ... 
  let me quote what the khmer rouge did ...  forced marriage was a unique type of sexual and gender-based violence practiced during the khmer rouge rule . 
  to ensure the emergence of the next generation of workers in a union that would naturally provide less family loyalty , and as a corollary decreased opposition to state practices which could be considered a threat to family members , couples were arbitrarily married without choice or consent and pressured to consummate their marriage . 
   statements of survivors collected in civil party applications showed that such marriages were organized and held in a systematic manner throughout the country . 
  they took place in impersonal mass ceremonies organized by khmer rouge cadres that would involve anywhere from 3 -- 160 couples . 
  shortly before the ceremony couples would be approached and informed that they were to be married . 
  with the exception of rare instances , usually involving khmer rouge cadre , in which men were allowed to select who their wife would be , most couples had no choice in who their partner was , and many had never met their future spouses before . 
  refusal often resulted in imprisonment , torture or death . 
  although the details of the ceremonies varied according to location and time , these main features of the mass weddings remained unchanged . 
  [ source ] ( http://gbvkr.org/gender-based-violence-under-khmer-rouge/facts-and-figures/forced-marriage/ ) but of course , khmer rouge was n't true communists ? 
  as were not soviets , chinese , vietnamese , etc. . . 
   i have federalist leanings myself , but i can not possibly see why this should be decided at the european level . 
  leave it up to the member states . 
  agree compleatly . 
   that would be european civilization which influenced it 's colonies in america . 
  but you forget that there is also australia , new zealand , many small south-asian countries and south-africa . 
  western civilization would be the correct term to use . 
  it was the western part of europe , the catholic and later catholic & protestant europe that explored and colonized the world . 
  and yes , australia and new zealand do belong to the western civilization , but they are not its core parts . 
  in case of south-east asian countries and south-africa , they are definitely not part of the western civilization . 
  their cultures have been influenced , but no more than the chinese have influenced them . 
   you forget , communism is also a product of european civilization . 
  and those so called `` western values '' was a culture reactionist product which appeared only 3-4 decades ago , a new more realist utopia instead of marxist one . 
  washing machines are a western invention , but using washing machines does n't make you westerner . 
  in case of values , the values that western countries share and which are at their heart were born during renaissance and enlightenment . 
  incidentally russia missed the influence of renaissance altogether and enlightenment only touched the very few of the elites , not the common people working in the fields . 
   one thing is a civilization , culture ... another thing is economy and sphere of influence . 
  take for example usa - are n't eu and us competing economically and politically ? 
  are n't there many mutual critics on both sides ? 
  eu and the usa do compete with each others , but it is not competition to death or competition to suppress the another , it is competition to become better and it has certain rules that both parties agree to share because they benefit the both on doing so . 
  and yes there are critics on both sides , but also there are people on both sides that want to imitate the other . 
  that is called a healthy dialog where both parties impact each others . 
   in the 90 's russian government did all it was in it 's hand to become part of european union - all steps and advises were taken , ministry of economy was ruled by foreign advisers . 
  this crippled economy more and more which culminated with 98 economical crisis . 
  no i have to disagree with you completely in here . 
  first of all the crisis of 1998 was continuation of the 1997 asian financial crisis which caused investors to pull their monies out of the developing countries . 
  secondly another factor that contributed to the crisis was decline in demand for crude oil and nonferrous metals which impacted the russian foreign exchange reserves . 
  the crisis was n't because the economy had been mismanaged in the 90s . 
  the russian economy was continually becoming better , it was healing itself from the 70 years of communism had destroyed completely for example the knowledge of prices : there was no pricing information after the collapse of communism , nobody knew the real value of anything , thus the fire sale of state assets . 
  i would also add to here that the reason russian economy was growing in the 00s was largely because of reforms of the 90s , not because of putin and the state interfering more and more with the economy . 
  the reason why growth of the russian economy starting to decline or even halt is because the counter-reforms made by putin & co. that have turned the clock back in russia . 
  the only reason that his policies did n't start to fail before was the continuous increase of oil prices during the 00s . 
   such thing as west only exists in us media and those who take information from it . 
  moreover it 's useless after the cold war ended . 
  west is not something that was created during the cold war , it is n't an artificial invention . 
  for example lets make an example out of us finnish , we are an old part of the western civilization . 
  we were joined to the western civilization by swedes who conquered finland and brought catholicism and roman alphabets to here . 
  our gifted young people started to go study in sorbonne and serve in rome , via them we were connected to renaissance getting influenced by it . 
  later during the reformation we became protestant and our ties to northern germany grew much bigger , and we got the famous [ protestant work ethic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestant_work_ethic ) thanks to it . 
  later in 1700s we were heavily influenced by the enlightenment and its ideas that really took of during the 19th-century under russian empire that gave large freedoms of finland to just be as it wanted . 
  during the last century we heavily influenced of course by central europe , but more so of usa were many finnish as other europeans left as immigrants . 
  all in all the point that i am making that the difference between russia and for example finland is that while russians were in few points of their history influenced by europe , largely due to their own initiative , russia was n't as connected to it as much as finland was . 
  it was the people , were they traveled and what ideas they brought back and overall what culture was created based on those ideas . 
  western cultures resemble each others because they were impacted and influenced continuously by themselves . 
  that is why for example i personally can easily recognize so much that we finnish share with other europeans and with americans , i also can recognize some things that we share with russian culture , but much less so than what we share with other europeans . 
  there definitely is western civilization , actually i would rather call it atlantic civilization due to its core parts laying on its side : europe , north america and latin america . 
  now you might ask is n't russia part of the western/atlantic civilization and the answer is , it does n't want to be part of it . 
  yes , peter the great did transform country and turn it more western , a hybrid between east and west , but during the end of 19th century russia again turned inside , and with the rise of communism it reject west and western values . 
  the thing is that russia does n't see itself as one of the european countries , it sees itself as the other side of europe , either as an alternative or competing side . 
  that is why for example russia could n't just agree to be part of eu 's european neighborhood policy but insisted that eu and russia as equals should have a treaty of their own : russia-european common spaces framework . 
  of course russia could do make jump from the past and join the west , but i do n't see a snowballs chance in hell that during the next 20 years the political and economical elite would want to do that , not to mention that the public would be willing to go with it . 
  i could just imagine how much public outrage and cry would russia trying to join the eu cause in russia . 
   i also think that the worries about each member state having to give up their culture are overstated . 
  there 's no need for a common language , we can keep our languages on a local level and use english for everything else . 
  i do n't think that anyone actually is afraid of that . 
  what people are afraid are more concrete things , like how the society works : roles of public and private sector ; taxation ; welfare ; etc. . . 
  essentially many people including me am wary against any attempt to try to unify these things as things that work in finland might not at all work in greece and vice versa . 
  not to mention that usually unification of things such as welfare are cover to make others to pay for it . 
  i 'm all for going along with federalization and responsibility on things such as foreign policy , defense , interstate security , energy policy , immigration including refugees , interstate commerce , interstate transportation , etc. . . and i am willing to give the eu limited taxation powers and ability to issue eurobonds to handle these issues , but that is it . 
  issues such as welfare , pensions , healthcare , etc. . should be solely the matter of member states , not a european issue . 
  you know what , i think that putin and his entourage are the worlds biggest trolls ... or they are just stupid . 
  in finland it will be put [ underground ] ( http://www.posiva.fi/en/final_disposal#.u56-9kkjrzm ) , 400 to 450 under bedrock . 
  the cleanest energy is the one produced in massive amounts in your local nuclear plant . 
  i 'm both european and finnish in the same time , the two identities are overlapping , there is no need to put one before the another . 
  the more russians say things like this , the more likely we are going to arm ourself even better than we do . 
  and again west wins again ... and you must be kidding with advanced science and technology ... did you know that it was nokia that build the first digital phone network to ussr ? 
  which by the way had backdoor to allow nsa and cia freely access any phone calls and data that went via network . 
   the crisis of the early nineties dropped the gdp of the soviet states by more than 40 % . 
  you 're an economist , i should n't have to tell you that 's a lot . 
  if the soviet union never fell and the pitiful growth of the crisis of the 80s continued they would have been better off now . 
  in other words , the achievements of capitalism after a run of 20 years is ( barring some exceptions like the baltics and russia itself ) rather unremarkable . 
  but at least growth is steady now in most states so let 's see what happens in the next 10 years . 
  the reason ussr gdp dropped by half in the 80s do to its oil and gas production dropping by half . 
  the reason oil and gas production dropped so suddenly and so fast was the testament of the failure of the soviet command economy to use resources efficiently . 
  even so , if the soviet oil and gas production had n't dropped , the soviet economy would have become even more inefficient and it would have eventually collapsed . 
  one of the biggest reasons for this is the de-monetazation of the soviet economy , money did n't have any real value and thus there were no actual prices on anything . 
  that is why when the ussr collapsed , everything was on sale on ridiculous prices , because people and factories did n't anymore have any idea on what the value of things were . 
   you mean the empty shelves thing ? 
  these distribution problems happened in the eighties afaik . 
  if you wanted to have car , you had to wait years for it . 
  compare this to west where your average workers in europe started to buy cars in large amounts freely in the 50s and 60s . 
   russia was primus inter pares , ussr was n't a russian empire . 
  russia was made national language which is necessary for any big state . 
  after stalin this russification business was largely ended anyhow and schooling was available again in national languages .
