  lots of work has been moved or outsourced to eastern european countries where it has taken the place of old industries that were not and would never have been competitive in global market . 
  in my honest opinion the only way to build competitive economy is to face global markets from the day one without subsidies . 
  domestic companies either handle it or not , if they are replaced by foreign companies that has largely happened in retailing and banking , then that is positive development as those foreign entities have been more competitive and thus been able to offer better services for the rest of the economy . 
   this is not unique problem but a global one and russia has plenty of outright shitty or useless jobs who are not competitive or has any chances on global market ( i 'm looking at you avtovaz ) . 
  there is a lot of incoming unemployment to be experienced with automation of previous workforces alone , ( if you add here competitiveness and possible crisis its even worse ) this people need a job . 
  what kind of job ? 
  how do you teach millions ? 
  what will be needed in several years ? 
  how much do you pay ? 
  who will do all of that ? 
  where do you get money for this ? 
  the answer is again let the market do their job . 
  if people do n't have skills that are in demand or the investment environment friendly enough then their wages have to go down until equilibrium is achieved . 
  in case of russia foreign companies would gladly invest into russia if the business environment and especially the government was more stable and less corrupt . 
  for example many finnish pulp and paper companies have tried to invest to russia , but due to erratic local government officials , they have deemed it too risky thus preferring to invest in southern america . 
  do note that if you are going to build a pulp or paper mill , the company doing the investments needs to be sure on what is going to happen in the next 20-30 years and be sure that nothing jeopardizes their investment . 
   now on to what i consider evil and hostile to russia and russian interests , which is nato , led by united states of democracy . 
  having lived my whole life in russia and russian information field , i saw over and over again how we were tricked , lied to , condemned , ignored or spat on . 
  what you might see as separate events non connected to each other , i see as a continuing efforts to undermine russian interests or concerns . 
  you and i can be as friendly and peace loving to each other , respect each other and wish for us the best , but this means jack shit when it comes to policymakers . 
  i look at western actions and see a continuation of cold war era policies , with an end goal to put a gun next to russia 's head ( maybe there is more , i do n't know ) . 
  open map of europe , look at ukraine and realize that ukraine in nato is a gun next to russia 's head , or since you are finnish , a knife next to throat . 
  now , how do you like to live with such prospects ? 
  have you ever thought that europeans regard russia as a loaded gun against it ? 
  for example when russia and us had dispute about us missile defense system , what happened was that russia located short range nuclear missiles to kaliningrad that are pinpointed towards europe . 
  not to mention that russia has a huge nuclear arsenal multiple times bigger than european states together have . 
  russia is the loaded gun for europeans , that is why eastern european countries joined the nato and eu , and that is why ukraine is also going to join both organizations . 
   there are other issues , but this is my view on what is european union and what awaits us in the future . 
  i would like to add that thanks to russian invasion to crimea regardless do the locals want it or not will make the eu to speed up its efforts to form a unified european army . 
  if russia would invade eastern ukraine , this would even further make this transformation more hasty ... have you ever wondered how would you feel if you would have a neighbor with 500 million inhabitants and who is economically and technologically superior to you and that has armed forces triple the size of yours , and who shares the same border from black sea to barents sea ? 
   this is amazing to watch from russian perspective . 
  and now to last thing which i hate the most about western world - unreal , outstanding , infinite hypocrisy . 
  i fucking `` love '' reading western media outlets or politicians , when they start to talk about corruption , or how russia is bad because : `` insert here '' . 
  the idea to this date has been that by integrating economies and enabling russians to do business in the west , it will in long term liberalize the russian economy and society , thus enabling it to transform to a modern democratic state . 
  unfortunately it seems that this idea has been largely wrong in the case of russian political elite . 
  however the thing is that declaring a cold war against russian political elite would also hurt ordinary russians so that is n't something that should and would lightly chosen as a policy . 
  i work in industry sector that faces global competition . 
  if i and the firm where i work are n't more cost-effective and innovative than outsourcing the work to eastern europe , i would be out of work . 
  so while yes i do earn comfortable amount of money even in finnish standards , i do n't see how i could n't talk about opportunities . 
  there are lots of opportunities in this country and they are open for people from other countries . 
  in the past company where i worked we had lots russians and indians . 
  in many other places and industry segments there are many estonians and other nationalities working here . 
  not to mention that i personally know people who have come here and have been able to take opportunities . 
  one of my close friends is a polish girl who is working for the helsinki university and doing her ph.d , another a russian girl got a scholarship to do her ph.d , and girl from latvia that i met was working working as waitress and starting her art studies . 
  from the experiences that i have had and seen , money is not a factor for success , it is willingness to try and work . 
  for example my polish friend speaks very good finnish and she learned it in under 2 years , which again opens up many doors . 
   from a russian point of view , european union ( and more importantly nato ) has taken away most of eastern europe from the russian sphere of influence . 
  russians ca n't really see them as foreign ( there 's a famous russian proverb `` chicken is not a bird , poland is not abroad '' ) . 
  same goes with ukraine , it even used to be called little russia . 
  dynamo kiev is even considered a russian club . 
  that maybe the point of of view political , military and security elite , but certainly not the point of view of everybody : those russians that i have met who worked in business or in academia certainly had different view - what they cared was their freedom and ability to work and live . 
   as for your eu propaganda , i am a european citizen , and consider the eu a bureaucratic moloch , replacing thousands of years of national identity that often was fought for , with artificial and self contradictory multi-culti message . 
  people have the freedom to decide by themselves in what kind of culture and society they want to live . 
  most people want high protection of individual freedoms , ability to freely work , and most importantly to consume . 
  and you do understand that you have the freedom to live by traditions , but so does your compatriots have the freedom to live their lives other ways . 
   as a european citizen , i ca n't move to finland or get educated in germany - simply because i ca n't afford it and quite likely never will . 
  the union allows for instance a portugese network of supermarkets to take an ever greater hold on poland , replacing small stores with foreign-owned conglomerates . 
  your inability to move to finland or get educated in germany is not dictated by the state , it is not permanent state of matters , if you work hard enough you can do what you want . 
  you have equal opportunities , the rest is up to you . 
  in case of for example portuguese supermarkets in poland , the other side of the coin is that by investing and transferring their know-how of retail to poland , retail sector becomes more efficient thus offering more of what consumers want with lower prices . 
  that is a win-win for everybody . 
  excuse me , but how do you regard european union ? 
  is it some evil western invention to take away russian influence or do you see it as something else ? 
  because of the point of view of european citizens , european union is a wonderful creation that has allowed unparalleled freedom and prosperity to be achieved in the history of europe . 
  just imagine as european citizen i have right to move seamlessly and locate across the union - no borders , open possibilities !, 
  the same is true with businesses - the union have enabled growth , networking and sharing of work that is again unparalleled in the history of europe . 
  you do also know that eu membership is open also to russia ? 
  why fight against something that is so good for citizens and businesses ? 
  why not to just join it ? 
  what i understood was that after two weeks the air force would be out of ammo , but only if it was total all out war with combined arms attack against multiple targets in finland including strategic decapitating attack against helsinki ... not to mention that in an all out war helsinki would mean stalingrad for any attacker , the defense of the city is not bad - or so i have heard , 
   the treaty of lisbon strengthens member states ' and the union 's obligation of solidarity towards other member states by providing :   * a `` common defence clause '' which obliges member states to assist a member state which is the victim of armed aggression on its territory ; and  * a `` solidarity clause '' ( article 222 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union -- tfeu ) which allows all civilian and military means to be mobilised to assist a member state which has been the victim of a terrorist attack or a natural or man-made disaster . 
  i do n't think that at least finland will be joining nato any time soon as the long term goal inside the political class has evolved more around common european defense . 
  this willingness for european solutions stems out from few notes : 1 ) russia sees nato as american lead coalition and thus as a security threat , while a european defense union would not be even if it would be allied with us , thus it is not a good idea to make russians more alert by joining nato ; 2 ) nato is really too american and would lead to pressure on finland committing troops on fighting worlds in some god forsaken places on the other side of the world , like iraq etc. . . , not a good idea !, 
  fun is a relative term  i would say a fun person is something like ... * happy , cheerful and positive about life - this is actually easy part , all my girlfriends have been positive on their outlook on life . 
  * talkative , must love discussions - again , this is easy too as newer generations of finns are very outgoing and extrovert * must like to drink red wine and listen jazz - now this starts to get more tricky * must like contemporary art and visit from time to time newest art shows - little bit tricky , not impossible at all but hey , maybe you are right , i could imagine that it would be more easier to find chic from paris who would n't mind to go to art shows and sip red wine , 
  i do n't have kids because the plan originally was to first study , then get married , then have kids ... 
  the plan failed on getting married part , several years of relationship and one engagement later we found out that we were better as friends . 
  now i 'm over 30 and trying to find the one who is right for me . 
  the good thing is that as i have now a good paying job , i can easily afford raising children . 
  the bad thing is that my requirements have gone up with time : must be academic ; must have a good job/purpose in life ; must be good looking ; must be a fun person ... 
  the problem is n't on finding these kinds of persons , the problem is that both parties have to be 100 % sure that we are suitable should get married and have children . 
  so the answer to your question is more or less at least i 'm not having kids , because i want to make things right : find out the right for me ; find out a relationship that lasts happy our lifetime ; give good life to my children if/when i finally get them . 
  what i have understood that visa restrictions are quite low already , especially with tourist visas . 
  the finnish embassy and consulates stamp out visas pretty automatically and fast . 
  it was a different thing 10 years ago when i myself had to call personally to finnish consulate in st. petersburg to quickly sort out why our quests visa permits had been rejected : of course even then a friendly call helped to sort out things in less than 10 minutes . 
  in case of federalization of ukraine , i think the problem in here is that it would be very deep interference to internal politics of ukraine with far reaching consequences . 
  but then again , as we are already in this mess i guess we should push kiev to come out with some kind of solution . 
  maybe federalization of ukraine could be the answer , even thought it might lead to break up of the country when in the future the country starts its accession negotiations . 
  but what ever the solution is , i thin that we are in a situation where any solution needs to go via referendum and be accepted by all regions . 
  how would the us defense deployments work if it consisted out of 50 independent armies controlled and funded directly by their respective member states ? 
  the reason why european countries need to have a common euroarmy is to streamline organizations and decision making to allow not only faster time to respond , but also reap benefits of scale of economies . 
  eu countries spend huge amounts of money to defense , but we do n't get nearly as much results to our money as the american do with their military . 
  that is major reason why we need to have euroarmy . 
  sanctions are the way to go , but they must be well-targeted and they must not touch ordinary russians , actually i would go even so far to say that sanctions should n't involve suspects wives nor children automatically , only if proven that take active part on some money-laundering scheme or assist otherwise their family member that is under sanctions . 
  all in all i would be very careful with sanctions as the longer this whole crisis goes and escalates , the more there will be anti-russian and anti-european attitudes which would be very unfortunate and negative development . 
  i already think that some damage has happened because i have seen comments in reddit were ordinary russians have been afraid on will visa sanctions involve them . 
  not good . 
  of course kremlin would decide to escalate the conflict to eastern ukraine , then harder sanctions would need to be put in place , but hopefully things wo n't come to it . 
  thanks , i have learned something new today ... [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_chechen_war#internal_conflict_in_chechnya_and_the_grozny-moscow_tensions] ( internal conflict in chechnya and the grozny-moscow tensions ) i can understand little better the situation there then after reading about this . 
  i 'm usually quite well informed , but in this case i did n't know the exact time line .
