  you mean [ solar bankruptcy ] ( http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/rest-in-peace-the-list-of-deceased-solar-companies ) !, 
  well , her sister has found peace ... 
  yeah , fed really is n't a good example of central bank doing its job , they kinda created the whole housing bubble and world wide financial crisis ... yeah ... gee , thanks , but no thanks . 
   germany wants to keep the euro viable than they will have to pay for wealth transfers , there is simply no other way . 
  how the german politicians sell it to their people is n't something i 'm concerned about or interested in . 
  there is another option . 
  wealth transfers for sovereignty . 
  if a country needs wealth transfer or fiscal transfer to float then they will give part of their sovereignty and european administration will replace national politicians and bureaucratic until the country and its economy is fixed . 
   the other option is to terminate the euro and everyone goes back to their own currencies , that works to as far as i 'm concerned . 
  you seem to be under the impression that i care about the euro , i do n't . 
  what i care about is a solution out of this mess , if that means ending the eurozone i 'm absolutely fine with that , but if creditor countries still want to keep the euro than they need to get on with the fucking program and accept the fiscal union already . 
  terminating euro would actually decrease european competitiveness in global markets , because european companies would have to pay more transaction and risk coverage costs . 
  essentially it would wreck havoc in small countries that are very interlinked with big economies such as germany . 
  by the way the real solution to this whole eurozone crisis is good old free market capitalism . 
  the reason why portugal , spain and greece are in trouble because they have strangled their private sectors almost to death . 
  just compare them to for example estonia and other baltic states that have succeeded with much better results due to more entrepreneurial and business friendly politics . 
  that is not true . 
  the investment for supercell came from us and uk based investors and they have the same criteria for everybody . 
   menlo park , ca - april 17 , 2013 -- institutional venture partners ( ivp ) announced today that it has co-led $ 130 million financing in supercell , a leading global mobile games company . 
  ivp and index ventures co-led the round with equal investments and were joined by atomico . 
  the round valued the company at $ 770 million . 
  ivp is the company 's only us investor and sandy miller , general partner at ivp , and eric liaw , principal at ivp , will serve as board observers . 
   the current crisis is one of demand , it started with banks refusing credit and now people have less and less money to spend buying goods . 
  not really . 
  for example in spain the economic growth of the last decade was build on top of ever increasing construction bubble . 
  yes , there was real demand for leisure time housing , but the bubble went all over that , including govermeant spending on infrastructure that was not in demand . 
  that construction bubble fueled the rest of the economy . 
  in greece the demand was fueled by ever increasing public sector and public debt that was masked and hidden from sight . 
  another thing to remember is that increased demand for consumer goods does n't really help troubled countries because usually they are not the ones manufacturing them . 
  at least to my last knowledge bmws or ipads are not manufactured in any of the troubled countries ... no , increased consumer goods demand will only increase eu trade deficit with china and other south-east asian countries . 
   second thing , austerity measures only work by bringing an competitive advantage of one country over the others . 
  if everybody does it , it does not work . 
  so you are saying that if labor prices go down enough in for example greece , then the greeks will start to compete with germans on building fast luxury cars ? 
  not really ...  lastly , most economic exchanges of eu countries are done inside the eu . 
  bringing down the demand of the eu as a whole hurts everyone . 
  50 % of finnish exports go outside the eu , 30 % go to eurozone and the rest to other eu countries . 
  what needs to happen is that other economies start to put more resources and work to increase exports outside the union . 
   public spending can also be financed by growth . 
  debt is always measured as a percentage of gdp , if you get more debt , but this debt allows you to create growth , you 're good . 
  if you get no new debt but this causes negative growth , you 'll still have more debt relatively speaking . 
  it seems pretty clear that the austerity is bringing us down . 
  that 's a 1930 's germany vs. 
  us new deal situation we 're facing there . 
  this really is a no-go , we ca n't fix the situation by making the same initial mistake again , otherwise we end up having motorways and high speed railways to middle of nowhere that nobody uses or most of the population employed by public sector . 
  no that does n't work ... and actually in troubled countries the general problem is that they are troubled largely because they did invest into large public spending projects that failed . 
  lets say we give the spanish govermeant 100 billion eur loans , are we really confident that they have the necessary knowledge to invest them wisely so that they will generate more growth ? 
  because looking at their track records tells that they do n't have that . 
  there is plenty of money in the world . 
  for example finnish mobile gaming startup supercell just gathered 100 million usd in new venture funding . 
  so money is not the issue , the real issue is investment opportunities , and many countries in europe are lacking those because public sector has strangled private sector with inflexible legislation , high tax rates and bureaucracy . 
   since 2002 , feta has been a protected designation of origin product in the european union . 
  according to the relevant eu legislation , only those cheeses produced in a traditional way in some areas of greece ( mainland and the island of lesbos ) , and made from sheep milk , or from a mixture of sheep and goats ' milk ( up to 30 % ) of the same area , may bear the name `` feta '' . 
  [ 1 ] however , similar white brined cheeses ( often called `` white cheese '' in various languages ) are found in the eastern mediterranean and around the black sea . 
  similar brined white cheeses produced outside the eu are often made partly or wholly of cow 's milk , and they are sometimes called `` feta '' . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feta ) if you have bought cheese from swedish mart that was named feta and produced in germany , then you have been cheated and should immediately contact the greek embassy in sweden to make a notification of trademark violation . 
  you also should make a complaint to consumer ombudsman to bring an end to icas lawlessness behavior that hurting both consumers and greek producers of feta . 
  i regularly buy greek made olive oil and olives :-d, 
  growth models ? 
  what are they really ? 
  because to me it seems like an euphemism for increase public spending . 
  however when increase of public spending is financed by new debt or increased inflation , then it really does n't generate growth , but take future resources and use them today . 
  real growth is always build on increased efficiency and increased usage of energy that is largely done by the private sector . 
  if we just pump money for the public sector to grow , it wo n't cause permanent growth of the economy nor permanent increase of production capacity , value of production nor overall wealth . 
  that actually would increase confusion about what that name means than to decrease it because then consumers would think that they are totally the same thing . 
  i would say that the simplest thing is to just rename the croatian wines . 
  just hire saatchi and saatchi , get a good new brand and brand image , trademark it globally and create online presence for it - mission completed . 
  this is only about usage of certain names , not about can croatians produce wines . 
  croatians can still continue producing wines that have been to this day known as prosek and teran , but they ca n't use those names anymore . 
  however that really is n't that big a deal , for example only greek producers can use nowadays the name feta on the cheese they produce , now this has n't shutdown production of feta like cheese in other eu countries , what is has meant that producers in other countries have had to rename and re-brand their products . 
  not a big deal again . 
  oh , and about greece . 
  the problem that greece and other mediterranean countries have had is that they are overproducing and that is largely thanks to eu subsidies that have allowed unprofitable agriculture to continue . 
  what the eu has tried to do , is to cut down production by limiting amount of subsidies paid , and paying subsidies to decrease production . 
  the right thing to do , and a thing that would solve this problem would be to cut down agricultural subsidies . 
  of course that would mean farms and farmers going bust all over europe , which it seems is too high price for politicians to pay . 
  well , to be a pedant , introduction of euro as currency did n't feel in anything as it was introduced in 1999 as accounting currency . 
  however in 2002 it was little bit exiting , i remember that me and my then girlfriend were exited to get them on our hands because it was something new . 
  and after it was introduced it very soon became so daily that i did n't think too about it . 
  does not compute ... 
  eib can do that prioritization , but eib does n't have endless pit of money to use nor can it sustain heavy losses . 
  those projects must be financially solid to justify eib investing in them ... you also have to ask how many motorways , railway connections , harbors , airports does crisis-stricken countries really need more ? 
   sure , there are ways . 
  you can give incentives , you can tax and spend , you can politically coerce banks and other big institutions to do their bit . 
  the usa certainly managed to reinvest its surpluses to europe and japan after ww2 and until the 70s , so the concept is demonstrably sound . 
  those are very big no-nos . 
  inside the single market you ca n't introduce legislation that discriminate between eu citizens and companies . 
  another big no-no is coercing banks and other institutions , that is huge state intervention that goes against principle of free markets , not to mention that you will create even bigger problems with unsound financial investment . 
  if there are lucrative opportunities in greece , then banks and other financial will take them . 
   i 'm pretty sure there are ways around this and this is not true in the general case . 
  in single market you ca n't discriminate between eu citizens and companies . 
  not to mention that one of the problems that greece has had has been inefficient public spending and bidding , if you start manipulating the bidding process , you will just end up loosing money . 
   demand everywhere is falling because of austerity . 
  if greece could n't produce enough things of value before the crisis , what makes you think it 's so much more plausible now that everyone has stopped spending ? 
  global economy is growing constantly and demand is also . 
  what needs to be done is to find that global demand , not create it with loaned money to support consumption . 
  how can you specify that germans need to spend more more in greece or buy more greek products ? 
  you really ca n't , people are free to do what they want with their money , not to mention that there is only so much olive oil one can buy ... and the other thing is funding a huge project in greece does n't necessarily translate to more jobs for greeks , public projects are under open bidding , it could very well be a chinese company building it with chinese labor . 
  the only way there will be more work and jobs in greece is when greece start to produce more what the markets want . 
  you ca n't force demand . 
  dude .
