  my parents were used to finnish and swedish standards of living and to them eastern europe was dirt poor . 
  i myself visited west germany first time around 1988 , and god damn , it was much more richer , prosperous and developed than finland . 
  the first time i myself visited former ddr , from rostock to berlin in around 2001 , they still had n't caught west germany of 1988 , actually rostock still had ruins and abandoned building from the second world . 
  actually one example really testifies who horrendous and poor life in east germany was ...  due to the strong german tradition of drinking coffee , coffee imports were one of the most important for consumers . 
  a massive rise in coffee prices in 1976 -- 77 led to a quadrupling of the annual costs of importing coffee compared to 1972 -- 75 . 
  this caused severe financial problems for the gdr , which perennially lacked hard currency . 
   as a result , in the summer of 1977 the politburo withdrew most cheaper brands of coffee from sale , limited use in restaurants , and effectively withdrew its provision in public offices and state enterprises . 
  in addition , an infamous new type of coffee was introduced , mischkaffee ( mixed coffee ) , which was 51 % coffee and 49 % a range of fillers , including chicory , rye , and sugar beet . 
  that is low . 
  while in east germany you might have gotten an apartment and car , if you can call a trabant a car , they were n't of high quality . 
  compare this to capitalist countries such as west germany , sweden or finland were everybody too had apartments/houses of much better quality , bigger and faster cars , and no need to worry about society declaring coffee an unaffordable luxury . 
  by the way , did i mention that i have visited ussr ? 
  that place was ultra poor , actually ddr would have been in the same level if not the ussr would have subsidized them via selling them oil and gas under market prices and allowing ddr to sell oil to west , make profit out of the trade and get hard currency to subsidize living conditions in the country . 
   first day after they finished college they had already received a 100 % free ( as in ownership - not rent ) apartment from the state , and each got a well paid job in their field - jobs which they loved . 
  everything is relative . 
  if your parents had born for example in the us or in developed western european countries they would have bought their own three bed room house and two cars after graduating and getting jobs . 
   a child 's abilities and talents ought to shape his or her future . 
  instead , the german education system sorts children on the basis of social background . 
  of 100 children from well-educated families , 79 reach the upper level of high school , compared with only 43 from non-educated families . 
  this again . 
  how hard it is for journalists to accept that we all have different genetic backgrounds and those backgrounds also impact us . 
  iq is [ heritable ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq ) trait thus it is n't really abnormal that parents that have higher iq will usually get children that too have higher iq . 
  in my honest opinion people should concentrate less on making everybody the same , this wo n't achieve social justice , it just makes everybody mediocre . 
  instead a better thing to do would be to concentrate on making society and life good for everybody . 
  there should be a law that ... * automatically strips citizenship from people who have taken part on foreign armed conflict as active participant . 
  * automatically puts these people on schengen information system blacklist and their entry will be banned to the union area . 
  * in case they try to get asylum or enter the union area , they should be directly deported , and in cases where it is n't possible , shipped to a concentration camp to a remote non-union location for indefinite time . 
  cumulative balance of payments as a % of gdp vs. private/public debt as a % of gdp . 
  balance of payments is much nicer estimator because it tracks actually money flows . 
   are you that unfamiliar with keynes ? 
  can one possibly be ? 
  i 'm not advocating massive infrastructure spending before a crisis , i 'm advocating infrastructure spending to get out of the fucking crisis . 
  i 'm very familiar with keynes and keynes does n't work when you waste your money into project that do n't produce anything , not to mention that infrastructure spending does n't really distribute money widely , most of it goes to companies that produce materials , not to the few workers that are employed by it . 
  any attempt to build new high speed rail-lines and wind power will cause the same effect that the spanish spending programs did in 2008 and 2009 - make sure total bankruptcy . 
   also , spain had no deficit and little debt before the crisis . 
  yet that 's what we 're made to believe is the panacea . 
  look at how great that worked out !, 
   you know what made the spanish economy tank ? 
  banks that had to then be bailed out . 
  spanish politicians via cajas , local savings banks , pumped billions after billions to short sighted infrastructure projects and local ventures . 
  it has been cajas and spanish regions that have needed bailing out . 
  however look at spanish commercial banks , they have n't needed any bailouts . 
   you know what 's responsible for much of the public debt increase in france in the past few years ? 
  hundreds of billions . 
  and nothing to show for it . 
  debt in france is growing because the french economy does n't generate new growth , because it is strangled by high taxation , rigid labor legislation and entrepreneur hostile bureaucracy . 
   now we 're being told that financing clean energy is not possible by the ecb . 
  really ? 
  first of all wind electricity is not clean , not even nearly . 
  first of all huge amount of steel , concrete and other materials go to building of these plants , secondly due to huge load variations they cause electricity networks have to be hugely expanded and fast back up power build that there are hardly any benefits to the environment . 
  however supporting wind and solar power is actually a good way to hand out industrial subsidies to your ailing machine building and chemical processing industries . 
  * cough * germany * cough ... 
  however if a country does n't have these industries , then it is not just simply wasting good money , but burning good money away . 
  not to mention of course that wind and solar energy are very expensive . 
  for example currently it is approx 20 % cheaper to run new energy intensive plants in us than it is in germany , and that gap is widening every year for the benefit of us . 
  maybe germans can deal with this , but other eu countries are ill suited to face it . 
  please take a look on energy [ price statistics ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/energy_price_statistics ) , currently energy costs for industry are double in those countries that have invested heavily to renewable energy ( spain and germany ) than in countries that have n't ( france , sweden , finland ) . 
  the only rational way produce clean energy is by allowing more nuclear plants to be build up . 
  the good thing about nuclear is that it even does n't need subsidies or financing from governments , it can be financed and build commercially . 
   oh but there is one thing they should do right now . 
  infrastructure projects . 
  building more tgv lines . 
  more lightrails in cities . 
  windfarms . 
  finance ( not give away ) large scale home insulation . 
  problem with infrastructure projects is that they do n't actually create that much jobs and their return of investment in developed countries is quite low . 
  not to mention that when you invest into infrastructure that does n't generate new growth or otherwise return money invested into it , you still face upkeep costs that again eat future resources from actually beneficial projects . 
  in case of projects you mentioned , they all have return of investments , building new high speed rail lines and wind-farms did n't save the spanish economy , they actually made it much worse . 
  better thing to generate new growth is actually make government services more economic , get the same return with less money , and return the surplus money to taxpayers that can then invest it how they see fit , from home insulation to starting up companies . 
  but is n't yanukovych actually trying to play russia and eu against each other thus rip both parties as much as possible ? 
  while yanukovych and his cadre may have sympathy for moscow , are n't they more or less interested about their own interests , thus they do n't have any real interest to join any russian creation as it would take power from them ? 
   the problem is that the eastern part just does n't fit in the eu . 
  i do n't think that really is a problem . 
  the bigger problem would be for russia to fit inside the eu where they would be just another member state , a big member state that is . 
  not to mention that i do n't think that russian elite or russians themselves are ready to accept brussels telling them how to do things or saying they ca n't do somethings . 
  you never know where the terrorists come !, 
  can you really put price on security ? 
  well ... luckily kone has new [ ultrarobe ] ( http://download.kone.com/ultrarope/index.htm ) , carbon fiber , elevator technology that could probably solve this problem easily . 
  there are two national languages in finland , finnish and swedish , and as long as the constitution says so it is , both languages will be obligatory languages for all school children . 
  if someday the finnish parliament decides to make finland officially uni-lingual country , then there is no need to teach swedish as obligatory , but until that day comes , swedish will be taught . 
  another thing is that people can always opt-in to study a third foreign language if they want to , and this can be for example russian if the school offers it in their curriculum . 
  yes , but getting a work visa is n't easy . 
  you should look more information about long stay visas from the [ eu immigration portal ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/immigration/tab2.do?subsec=38&amp;language=7$en ) . 
  that is all good , but ... 
  when you enter the schengen area , your information is recorded to the schengen information system , if you stay over the legal limit , the system will raise a flag about you and the next time some authority asks your identification information and checks it electronically , you will be arrested and deported and you will be given travel ban to whole schengen area for at least few years . 
  you got my upvote !, 
  you are entirely correct about this and this is a big issue . 
  if belarus wants her extradited , then the matter should go via swedish officials who gave her asylum , not via cypriot officials . 
  if the cypriot officials want to wash their hands , then they should send her back to sweden , and ask the swedish government to extradite her to belarus , but it is absolutely not a business of cypriot state to extradite her . 
   the euro certainly has its place , but admission should have been based on a country 's fundamentals as opposed to the desire for a united states of europe . 
  true , but even , eventually we would have had this same crisis , maybe in other countries , but the same crisis again . 
  the thing in here is that when you give enough time , any country will turn into wrong direction and go too far to make it back to a healthy condition . 
  what we in the euroarea are missing is intervention mechanism that contains instruments to both help inject money into troubled country , but also take over the leadership when needed . 
  for example in both greece and cyprus , what would have been needed is take over of both countries for a limited time to allow restructuring , for example over ruling constitutional protections for state workers to allow fast rebuilding of state institutions . 
  the [ new trams , 1998 - 2004 ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/variotram ) were actually designed and manufactured in germany ... 
  finnish railways bought italian [ pendolinos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pendolino ) and they have worked just fine . 
  yes it is . 
  both cities , helsinki and talinn , are very keen on building a tunnel between them , but ... 
  the problem is money . 
  tunnel between the cities would cost 1.3 to 2.1 billion euros .
