  telecom operators are more or less just marketing and asset management companies . 
   what you do n't seem to realize is that i , in germany , would love to buy a phone from fucking sweden , because the contracts there are just so much better . 
  the contracts are better because swedish operators did n't have to pay extraordinary amounts of money to get 3g air wave licenses like they did in germany . 
  in germany and uk the operators at total spend around 90 billion eur to buy air wave licenses for 3g . 
  while this happened in 2000s , the amounts of money they paid was so huge that it will take long time for them to recoup that investment . 
  another thing that i would like to note is that anybody with few millions of eur can start an mvno ( mobile virtual network operator ) . 
  you will buy capacity from the network operators and then resell it to your customers . 
  the network operators have to sell the capacity to their networks under strict rules that do n't allow them to make high profit out of it . 
  unfortunately i think that either the german networks paid so high prices in the 2000s that they simply ca n't sell capacity in any lower price , or your regulator is n't doing its job . 
  killing of animals should be done as humanly as possible , for example with lethal injections . 
  however the fact of the matter is that stray animals are terminated as normal procedure . 
  in finland after 15 days , a stray animal can either be given for adoption , or be terminated . 
  unfortunately most stray animals are terminated because their owners abandoned them purposely . 
  if you do n't want stray animals to be killed , the proper thing to do is to preach on people not to take pets that they do n't want to care for . 
  what is the exact problem on terminating stray dogs ? 
  stray dogs especially in larger packs cause public danger . 
  while at first it might sound cruel to kill stray dogs , the thing is that is exactly what is done in most of the western europe and the usa thus they have a problem with stray dogs . 
  of course this kind of problem is actually caused by humans on taking animals as pets and then abandoning them , that is a shame too . 
   the programme was not successful . 
  even the future projections of the programme fell far off . 
  the projections failed due to ever continuing discovery on how bad the things were in greece . 
  the sad fact of life is that during the crisis the greek state did n't even know how much was it actually spending , and how much was it collecting taxes . 
  not to mention all other problems with statistics that the country had . 
  that was something that other eurozone countries were not expecting , this is greece , not a third world banana state , but the lack of systems and the amount of corruption was just something that they were unprepared and unseen . 
  thus the projections failed when the discovery of the hole greece was in became more clearer . 
   almost every serious economist has said that it 's madness and and this programme economically is destructive . 
  if i do n't convince you , i searched a while ago every nobel awarded economist in the last years that had published something relevant to the greek crisis . 
  noone agreed with the programme . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2wjazp/athens_decision_to_accept_a_eurozone_loan/corfa71 the problem with all these economists is that they are trying to heal a symptom with remedies that are not available . 
  they see that greece has a huge budget deficit , what they suggest is either making the ecb has as lender of last resort , or suggesting financial transfers . 
  the problem with these remedies are that they are not available , and will not be available . 
  to change the ecb to be a lender of last resort , to directly finance states , you need a treaty change , and to do that you need negotiations after negotiations on what would be the rules for the ecb to takes this approach , the same is true with fiscal transfers . 
  the problem is that in 2009/2010 these are not available , and will not become available . 
  they are not available in 2015 because there are huge open questions on are these actually good ideas . 
  not to mention that these economists are treating a symptom , not the cause of it . 
  if you take the hammer and shovel money to greece , yes , the greek crisis stops because the greek state has money . 
  the problem is that greek state is still inefficient , corrupt and the whole economy is hooked on getting foreign capital injections to functions . 
  the true problems of greece are in the microeconomics side that create macroeconomic problems . 
   it might well have happened in greece in 2009 what you described . 
  but it also would mean the collapse of the german and french banks , because in a very large part they were irresponsibly investing in greek bonds . 
  i assume the same applies in the rest of europe periphery ? 
  well , then maybe it is a problem of europe . 
  the article explains very clearly that the problem is the structure of the euro . 
  please read it . 
  you disprove it with your already established opinion . 
  keep your mind open . 
  i have been watching the crisis unwind since its inception in 2008 . 
  i know things much better than some blog writing that ca n't even summarize what it wants to say . 
   also it was not a bailout of greece or portugal or spain . 
  it was a bailout of the banks . 
  please understand that . 
  of course when it 's about banks and their bad loans , the state runs to bail them out . 
  but is n't this a free market ? 
  if they made a bad investment , should n't they lose the money ? 
  some bonus info : 90 % of the bailout loans of greece has gone to those banks . 
  it was not a bailout of banks . 
  if eurozone countries would just given capital injections to troubled banks in 2009 , they would saved a lot of money . 
  however the problem was greece . 
  let me remind you again about the primary budget deficit of 34.1 billion usd in 2009 !, 
  if greece would have defaulted in 2009 , the european banks would have been fine , their host govermeants would have recapitulized them with ease , the problem would have been the total collapse of the greek economy , and i am not talking about public sector . 
  one of the biggest investors of greek bonds were greek banks and pension funds , if greece would have defaulted the banks and pensions funds would have gone bust , in overnight the whole greek private sector would have frozen , people would have been without their pensions , and so on ... no , the bailouts were not because of banks , the bailouts were to keep the greek society from collapsing . 
   also , i might add about half the current debt are interests and greece in the last 20 years has paid about 1 trillion in interests !!!, 
  no you have n't . 
  you might have paid 1 trillion in drachma , but not in eur , think about the scale . 
   by the way , do n't take it that i think that in greece everything was fine . 
  there were a lot of things very bad and the corruption was despicable . 
  i was always very vocal against these practices . 
  but was this the core issue of the crisis ? 
  no it was not the core issue . 
  this is easy to realise when you see the rest of the periphery of europe on fire . 
  * portugal had their own property bubble before the financial crisis , they did n't do any reforms after it , and when the financial crisis came , they did n't have any resources to handle it , because they had wasted huge amount of time and money already on doing nothing !, 
  * spain had one of the biggest property and constructions bubbles in history with a government that fueled it even more !, 
  at the end of it , spain needed a bailout for its banks because it had wasted so much money by having corrupt policies , remember it was the local savings banks ran by politicians that needed capital injections not the big spanish commercial banks like santander * italy had almost a crisis because nothing has happened in the country in the last 10 years !, 
  they have n't enacted any reforms , they have n't done anything to prepare the country for the demographic change , that is why they have not grown for the last decade . 
  it is not because of eu or euro , it is because of policies that take the life out of the private sector that have caused italy to stagnate . 
  * ireland had a huge property bubble , but besides that , their politicians made a blind promise to guarantee bank deposits 100 % . 
  do you remember what was the reaction in the rest of the europe , they were bloody angry about it , because they feared that they also have to make a promise like that . 
  at the end of it , the irish banks were in worser condition that was known for the irish government , and ireland had to be bailout because they were bankrupt due to their own promises . 
  * greece ... 
  huge current account balance deficits !, 
  from 2005 of around -6 / -7 % they grew to 2009 to -15 % !, 
  that is the core problem . 
  greece got foreign capital injections , largely via state that hid and fudged the numbers . 
  that is reality . 
   you insist on being this europe being a democracy . 
  when a country wants to do something else than the neoliberal doctrine imposed by ecb and the rest , they keep using the `` we pull the money out of your banks '' card . 
  by the way , who really checks ecb and their decisions ? 
  practically nobody . 
  democracy does n't make you free from reality . 
  the reality is that greece does n't have money , it needs foreign money to keep things going on . 
  if greece makes decisions that cause the foreign creditors to pull out their money , whose fault is that ? 
  it is not the obligation of creditors of greece to fund it for eternity . 
  not to mention the ecb made an exception in case of greece to continue funding the banks even when it owns rule said that it is not allowed to do this , they made an exception because greece being in an program that would return the country to normality . 
  when greece stopped being in the program , the exception ceased to exist because it was tied to the program !, 
  the ecb and its decisions are bound to the rules that guide the way it acts . 
  those rules are established by treaties that form the central bank !, 
  the reason why greece has gotten so much leeway , so much extraordinary things have been made for it , is because the rest of the eurozone does n't ' want the country to collapse , does n't want to see athens burning or the greek army tanks ruling into streets and shutting down the democracy . 
  however there are limits to this . 
  you ca n't really expect that europe just writes an carte blance for greece . 
  sorry , not going to happen .
