  in case of geographic position , we are more or less in the periphery up her and the weather is seriously bad . 
  of course russia is our next door neighbour and there is some transit business , and helsinki airport is developing to become a hub to fly into asia due to its location . 
  all in all i would say that these things really do n't count in the larger scale . 
  interesting to hear . 
  so if i understood correctly , there is n't much public housing available in iceland ? 
  that definitely makes the situation more troublesome for people who are about to loose their property . 
  in case of getting rid of debt , in normal market situation debt failures are factored into loan margins . 
  in case of a system failure like what happened in iceland , the failure should be paid by investors and savers of banks , and mostly holders of currency via deprecation of the currency and heightened inflation . 
  this of course does save the capital holders who have invested into real estate or property that does n't loose value or who can afford to wait , but then again , that is n't an unfair situation . 
  there should be a clean table , that is the whole point of a personal bankruptcy . 
  some times i ca n't really understand european societies in that they have n't copied the one truly great feature of the american society , ability to clean the table and start again . 
  if people would get rid of the debt , they could easily rent with either social benefits or by work . 
  actually as they would have greater motivation to work , the society would probably need to pay less social benefits than it would if the people would n't be free of debt . 
  in case of the icelandic society a fair solution would be to allow individuals declare personal bankruptcies , they would loose everything , but would be able to start from a clean table . 
  it would n't punish to harshly those who took excessive risks and it also would n't punish those that managed their risks . 
  in case of the eurozone , we also should have procedures for whole countries to declare bankruptcies . 
  if that is too much to handle , at least we should let banks and corporations go bust and take losses , however even that is probably too much to handle for the common man . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  if european union member states want eurobonds they also have to hand over more of their sovereignty to the union and more over to the democratically elected union institutions . 
  as long as member states reject handing over more power to the union , as long the eurobonds are out of the question . 
  you south european scum !, 
  the whole part about the ussr . 
  they do n't understand how value forms and thus are unable to make any intelligent judgement about privatization . 
  they do n't have enough motorways in greece . 
  so you did n't watch it ? 
  not even the first minutes where the subject was privatization in the soviet union ? 
  i think that people have too negative image about banks . 
  banks usually are very co-operative with their customers , of course their reasons are self-serving . 
  for example to a bank and to a loan officer , the worst possible thing to happen to a customer is him becoming insolvent . 
  in that case bank incurs costs from debt collection and both the bank and the customer loose when property go into a mandatory auction . 
  thus if a bank can keep the customer afloat and let him either get a new job , or organize things , for example selling of property , then both parties will win . 
  banks also do understand the general dynamics of the economic situation . 
  if they are too eager to repossess property and organize too many mandatory auctions , then it can further decrease property values thus widening future losses and making it more harder for people and companies to re/finance their activities as the value of their collateral has gone down . 
  now i do n't claim that all banks in all countries function like this . 
  at least here in finland banks still remember the chaos in the beginning of 90s and what can happen when banks do n't co-operate with their customers and take into account the general economy , that is a possible extinction event for them . 
  i would say that it is more hilarious that this same `` documentary '' is re-posted again even thought it is very bad , done by people who either do n't know anything for example from the collapse of the ussr or that who just do n't care to present the reality as it was . 
  this document is bullshit and i ca n't understand why somebody used time to subtitle it , there was no reason to do it as there is simply no audience for it that would find it resonating . 
  what is the problem with this ? 
  i as an employee posses human capital and resource that i can at any time take away with me or use as an leverage to renegotiate my compensation . 
  in a sudden case where due to either disagreement or due to weakened situation of the firm i 'm let go , that is not the end of the world . 
  i will just inform the bank that i will be paying only interests for apartment loan , i can do this without cost as i have annuity loan . 
  i also start to receive for 500 working days heightened unemployment benefits from unemployment fund . 
  while being let go would be sad , it would n't be the end of the world , and it would n't ruin me financially , thus i do n't need to stress about it . 
  of course if a person does n't develop his or her human capital and knowledge constantly then the persons ability and power to navigate in the labour market will diminish , but then again that is a personal choice that people make . 
  and no , people ca n't claim that they did n't know they have to develop constantly themselves , we have been living in the knowledge economy for the last 20 years and in knowledge economy life time learning is mandatory for everybody . 
  true . 
  i would also like to add that it is strange to hear anti-globalization voices coming from central and northern european states as they have been clear winners in the globalization . 
  i myself think that it is easier for people to blame globalization than it is to blame the government for widening of income disparity or reject the faster pace of change in the economy and society that is needed to fare in the global competition . 
  that clearly worked well in all the late communist countries . 
  how hard it is to make map where both finland and sweden are shown completely ? 
  there are alternatives right now , but in the future the only alternative will be the imf . 
  in case of answering these questions , i think that it is unreasonable to leave this issue to referendum commission as the matter is highly political and depends largely on what happens in the eu . 
  i myself think that the esm is not the last tool to appear from the union . 
  if we would have the same kind of situation in here , i would vote for the esm , but i also would put pressure to government to cut down deficit faster and downsize the public sector to make sure that there is no need to tap the esm . 
  true , but then again gradual approach would have needed huge amounts of capital and the soviets had none . 
  the west had , but who in their right mind would have given massive loans the ussr , the country was in such as mess that there was no real hope of getting them back . 
  by the way , do remember that collapse had already started a long time . 
  for example i visited as an child the soviet union , something along maybe 1988 , and everything even then was broken and non functional and it was corrupt as hell . 
  i actually remember that when we were trying to locate old family house with a taxi , the taxi drove straight past a soviet garrison with a military airport , the driver just bribed the solders with few bottles of vodka . 
  all those issues were issues already in the soviet times , the collapse of the ussr only made them more visible . 
  another thing to ask of course , what could have been done different . 
  for me it is hard to thing anything that could have worked as the society was in so bad shape . 
  because they want their money back as fast as possible and as securely as possible . 
  what this means is that they concentrate on short term things such as fixing the trade , balance of payments and state deficits which usually always entail hard austerity measures to be implemented very quickly . 
  now these things do work , but they also cause a very big disruption for the society . 
  in my honest opinion it is always better for a country to do necessary reforms by itself , as there are more time and planning and local know-how to find and fix the real issues that the country is facing . 
  soviet union collapsed so quickly because they were in threat of having a large scale famine . 
  the country for long had imported big amount of their wheat from the west and paid back with oil and gas . 
  in the 80s due to both collapse of oil prices and collapse of the soviet oil and gas production , the country could n't any more pay to import food . 
  the west refused to help unless the country would transform itself , and as the soviet leaders had no other option , the soviet union collapsed . 
  now the problem with soviet economy was that in many parts of it , people and institutions had moved from monetary economy to bartering . 
  for example factories swapped goods with each others and paid salaries with goods that they had produced . 
  hence nobody knew the real value of anything . 
  furthermore organizations themselves were bloated and inefficient , instead of creating value organizations usually wasted it , thus few organizations actually had any value . 
  so , the country went into a desperate situation very quickly , there was n't much time to plan or design , actually it is good question would it have made any difference . 
  my estimate is that it would n't have . 
  i would also like to point out that after the crash , the country normalized very quickly by shedding down uncompetitive industries and largely concentrating to harvesting of raw materials ,, 
  could n't watch any more after the segment about russian privatization . 
  the reason why soviet union collapsed was because not only of their economy , but the whole state was so dysfunctional . 
  the documentarists question why property was sold on such a cheap prices with out taking this context into account . 
  of course property was cheap , because there was nothing else to protect it than you and your ability to shield yourself with adequate power . 
  for example a person that i knew did real estate development in the baltics after they got their independence . 
  did n't work with the mafia , but crossed some lines and got shot , bodyguard/driver lost his life and he ended up into an hospital for few months . 
  that was the reality then . 
  yes , but you usually do n't want to get loans from them . 
  this is quite simple ... countries that take part to the [ european stability mechanism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism ) can get emergency loans from it . 
  countries that are n't part of it wont receive any . 
  in case of ireland , what you have to remember that it has received loans from both the [ efsf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility ) and [ efsm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stabilisation_mechanism ) that are temporary funds to be replaced by the esm . 
  now if ireland feels that it wo n't need any further emergency loans , that it can manage without them , then there is no pressing need for the ireland to join esm , but if there is possibility of it needing new loans , then joining the esm is more or less obligatory . 
  so this is it , nothing more , nothing less . 
  no , stronger pan-european banking regulations are n't inevitable or actually needed . 
  if we regulate banking too tightly we will kill any growth and dynamism from the market , however what we have to do is to take control of the risks involved with banking and finance . 
  to do this we both need a pan-european banking authority and regulator , but more than that we need pan-european deposit insurance institution with authority to tab additional funds from the ecb if needed . 
  there are multitude of reason why we have n't already created this , few of the big ones are ... a ) member states reluctance of submitting authority to european level ; and b ) question about what to do with bank profits , if risks involved with banks are europeanized , then should n't also taxes be paid to the eu and not to members . 
  i myself believe that in this decade we will see these issues solved as we have already seen the creation of eurozone wide banking market with the introduction of sepa system just recently . 
  with sepa system in place all eurozone banks are domestic banks , it costs and takes the same time to transfer money from an account to account even if the banks are located in different countries . 
  actually imf already called for the creation of the pan-european insurance scheme . 
  [ article ] ( http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international-business/imf-calls-for-pan-european-deposit-insurance/articleshow/10370044.cms ), 
  from my experience it is . 
  i know quite many people from older generations who were ruined for ever due to their businesses going bankrupt or buying a house in bad time .
