   this might , maybe , result in slightly cheaper cars . 
  but the big chunk of profits will go , as always , directly to shareholders . 
  which also include pension funds and people who have saved and invested to stocks . 
   even inside europe free trade seems to be a problem . 
  spanish workers can not compete with german wages and as a result we have mass unemployment in spain , whereas export companies in germany make huge profits . 
  if those profits would be used to increase german wages , higher domestic demand in germany would allow more imports from spain and everything would be fine again , however , wages in germany are stagnating . 
  all the profits seem to go somewhere else . 
  if german wages would go up , it would n't lead to spanish industries having more orders and customers from germany , but money flowing to mainly to us and china . 
  this is because most consumers goods are usually manufactured in china and most services and content in the us . 
  if my wage would jump up another 10 % it would n't lead me to buy more apples and tomatoes from spain , but to buy more clothes ( china & india ) , more electronics ( china ) and more services ( us ) . 
  patent law has n't been harmonized in the european union , and this trade agreement would n't lead into harmonization of it . 
  increased competition will provide more value for money . 
  and how come this will only be a win for export companies ? 
  how come export companies are able to compete with american companies , but somehow domestic producers are unable to ? 
  this would be a win-win situation for both economies . 
  the job of the ecb is to keep price stability in the euroarea , that is what it did then and that is what it is doing now . 
  what goes to dotcom bubble burst , that was more or less purely us centric bubble . 
  in europe there was large telecommunication centric bubble that burst in 2001 and 2002 , but in 2002 to 2004 the main hardship for example to german and finnish economies was increasing strength of euro against us dollar ( [ chart ] ( http://goo.gl/sn8xs ) ) that was killing price competitiveness of export firms . 
  like you can see from the chart , the ecb did nothing to lower the exchange rate , the euro just kept gaining strength against us dollar . 
  instead in countries such as germany and finland there was reorganization of industrial activities , and especially in germany labor market reforms that kept wages down . 
  if the ecb needs to have enlarged mission to also support economic growth then there needs to a treaty change for that . 
  and also if the ecb needs to support or bailout countries , that needs to go together with losses of sovereignty for countries in trouble . 
  there is no such thing as free money , the money is always away from somewhere else . 
  your perception is quite wrong ... foreign aid per gni * finland 0,54 % * portugal 0,23 % eu contributions per gdp * finland \u2212 0.36 % * portugal +1.25 % there is solidarity and that solidarity is shown by contributing money , but there is a point where solidarity ends . 
  in some point giving more money will lead into that money being wasted . 
  and quite frankly there is no money that we can afford to waste willfully . 
  money needs to buy results . 
  where is the solidarity for eastern europe ? 
  people in poor and undeveloped eastern european countries encounter more hardships daily than people in richer and more developed european countries . 
  if people making demands for solidarity would really mean it , they would accept transfer of money from relatively rich countries such as portugal and greece to poorer countries such as estonia and slovakia , or to even poorer countries such as romania and bulgaria . 
   and issuing bonds does not ? 
  it depends on where the money comes from . 
  if unused capital is used to by bonds , then it wo n't lead into increased inflation . 
  however if the money comes from central banks in form of quantitative easing , then yes it will create inflation . 
  in short term in time of recession where there is either low inflation or risk of deflation , then the added money in circulation does n't cause show-able inflation . 
  however in long term there will be inflation . 
   of course they will be creating more value . 
  they 'll be expanding the private sector by their demand for goods/services . 
  the unemployed do not/can not grow the private sector , as they have no cash to barter with . 
  give them cash , and they 'll demand real and useful goods/services . 
  but of course you ca n't simply `` give them cash '' as that 'd be a large welfare trap but if you require them to work ( a ` la a job guarantee system ) - there 's no welfare trap created whatsoever . 
  consuming itself does n't create value . 
  we do n't magically have more bread , oil or cars just because we consume more . 
  value creation starts from creating more goods and services that other people value and want to exchange value to it . 
  for people to start create value in the public sector , they need to create something that people want . 
  another issue is that if you put more funds to non-value creators , you will corrupt price-signal systems of the economy that will cause wrong resource allocation that will lead into wasted resources . 
  not to mention that most developed european countries have welfare and unemployment programs that provide basic income to out of work people . 
  people get enough funds that they stay alive , and are able to consume their time the way they see best for themselves , for example by studying or applying for work . 
   why would the private sector not grow to produce more building materials ? 
  it would have had no difficulty if people were taking out housing mortgages as in boom times to meet the demands of that extra money - why now , that the extra money is coming from a deficit spend , is the private sector unable to meet rising demand ? 
  after all there 's widespread unemployment and resources going idle all over the country , businesses that normally produce building materials shutting up shop , etc - supply is hardly fixed . 
  more fundamental question is , is there any demand for additional construction ? 
  there is no use to build something that does n't have any need . 
  what value does it create to have empty building ? 
  what value does it create to have motorways that nobody uses ? 
  japan tried this route to take it out of the 90s recession , but funding of new infrastructure did n't take the country of recession , it only prolonged it . 
  better idea is to stop unneeded construction and allow people to self-adjust . 
  there is no reason why unemployed construction worker could n't with time and education become a caretaker / nurse , shop keeper , assembly worker , truck driver , etc. . . that is the way to create value and new growth . 
   the only way the unemployed can acquire funds is if someone runs a deficit . 
  normally in boom times this is fine , there 's lots of people willing and able to take on housing mortgages etc - they provide the money for the unemployed to come into the loop . 
  but what if householders are n't taking on debt ? 
  what if they 're simply being frugal , unwilling to dissave ? 
  that is not true . 
  taxation can and should be used to transfer incomes from individuals with more disposable income to people with non - or low-levels of income . 
  the motivation for the society to do this is to prevent loosing of value creation potential , in short people . 
   unemployment is as bad as resource wastage goes . 
  the 25 million unemployed across the eurozone equates to a full billion man hours of labor lost every single week that europe will never get back . 
  if you 're chasing small efficiency savings in government bureaucracy whilst a billion man hours of labor are going completely wasted , i fear priorities may be a bit out of order . 
  actually not . 
  what you do n't take into account that when you employ people , you are a ) consuming their time resource that they could have spend otherwise , for example re-educating themselves ; and b ) consuming some finite resource . 
  for example if you would be putting all those unemployed construction workers back to building houses and motorways , you would use a lot more money to building materials than to wages , and those materials would be away from somewhere else . 
  not to mention that the point of employment should be value creation . 
  if you just employ people to public sector just for the sake of it , you wo n't be creating any new value with it . 
  actually in some point by removing resources from the labor pool and by enlarging public sector , you will start to destroy value by making the public sector slow and inefficient and unable to quickly serve changing needs of the society . 
   the whole point that mmt drives is that government spending funds taxes , not the other way around . 
  that when the non-government is desiring to save , that is , withdraw funds from circulation - the government needs to supply those extra funds by running a deficit . 
  crushing savings desires through austerity measures does not encourage people to spend , it just lowers the average level of savings by putting people out of work . 
  government spending only funds taxes if the money that is used creates more new value than is removed from holders of money via increased inflation . 
  printing money always creates inflation , not necessarily high or hyper inflation , but it always dilutes current value . 
  if the spending does n't create more value , then we are just moving resources from one area of the economy into another one . 
   so if an ez-level government is purely concerned with stimulus/restructuring it need n't use european taxpayers ' money - it could just use `` printed money '' . 
  one solution would be have all governments require balanced budgets ( the efc ) , but have an ez-level government employ people at the minimum wage using printed money . 
  such a system does not bid up the price of that labour as it employs people that the private sector does not want at the a price level the private sector can not bid below the aim should be to transform individuals that the private sector does n't need to individuals that the private sector wants . 
  in other words the aim should be to increase value creation potential of individuals . 
  the only thing that you will create by employing people with minimum wage is societal stability for a short while by consuming peoples time , but in long term you will create instability by creating a new underclass that is employed , but unable to save and invest to their own future . 
  the problem with fixing the unemployment is that the lost employment was based on unsustainable bases , to public sector employment and to overheated construction sector . 
  pumping money to these sectors would only postpone transformation of troubled economies and worst of all , it would waste lots of resources that could and should be put in better usage . 
  what should be done , and what is actually the third way to manage eurozone economy is to have eurozone level of authority that can react to abnormal market changes in member countries by giving and guiding restructuring aid for regions and countries under a structural change . 
  that would n't of course cure the unemployment rate quickly , but it would allow the economy to transform under 5-10 years into a different base . 
  of course member states themselves would need to work actively to promote growth in private sector and make necessary changes on enabling private sector to pick up the growth . 
  of course one needs to stress that restructuring aid would be given at a country level , and its aim should be to enable growth at what ever cost . 
  that would necessitate that some regions or industries would need to be abandoned if needed , european taxpayer money ca n't go on to be used to support way of life that is unsustainable . 
  but if the ecb would have assisted then what would have been the impetus for troubled countries to enact real changes in their societies to cut down inefficient govermeant structures and corruption ? 
  lack of these changes would in future hinder the growth of these economies and in worst case scenario lead to eternal loop of feeding troubled states money and not getting out to a stable growth path . 
  if the uk would leave the union , the british government would surely negotiate a new treaty with the eu that would resemble much what switzerland has negotiated . 
  however i do n't think that british government would want to settle to have an bi-lateral relationship with the eu , if the uk would leave the union , it would happen by splitting the eu into multi-tier europe where britain would be in tier dedicated on economic co-operation and free trade . 
  so fucking what ? 
  the market counts what is a default and what is not . 
  the market counts what is the creditworthiness of a country . 
  if you do n't like what the market decides , then immigrate to north korea .
