  i would also like to this whole conversation that if there would be european welfare funded by european taxpayers , both northern and southern states would be funding eastern states . 
  let us not forget that most people in old communist states still live very poor lives : they do n't have enough money for adequate food ; adequate healthcare ; adequate housing ; etc. . . 
  so let me rephrase this question , especially to southerners , would you be willing to fund welfare states of eastern europe with your tax money meaning that you in absolute terms have less money to use to fund the functioning of your own state ? 
  finnish governments , the last and the current , have from the beginning of the financial crisis had much more harder and market orientated view on dealing with the crisis . 
  what usually has happened that finnish have had to bend because germany and france have reached a solution that they determined they want and are able to get . 
  for example the greek bailout packages have been much about saving german and french banks with the money of all eurozone taxpayers . 
  saving banks from the greek bankruptcy was n't in the interest of the finnish state as since the 90s financial crisis 2/3 major banks have scandinavian banks and the last finnish bank group has concentrated to deal with finnish retail customers . 
  how about countries that either do n't have nuclear weapons or have a much more smaller amount of them , would it be aggressive for them to build a missile shield ? 
  i ask this because i find the fact that russia still has large quantities of nuclear weapons from which large number are pointed at europe very aggressive behavior against europe . 
  most european countries do n't have nuclear weapons and those that do , france and britain , have very small nuclear forces . 
  if russians want to protest american plans to build a missile shield , then why not threaten americans directly ? 
  of course all nuclear powers are more or less guilty on aggressive behavior against rest of the human kind . 
  there are really no reason for major powers to have nuclear weapons , they should be getting rid of them . 
  i do hope that one day when the european union gets its act together , that we will have one unified army , and we start projects to build adequate missile shield . 
  first a shield against possible aggressive third world states and the against us , russia and china . 
  in that case finland needs a big bailout as our suicide rates are sky high compared to southern europe . 
  so when we can expect the first load of money to arrive ? 
  thanks , will do so . 
  my ancestors from only 50 to 100 years ago had much terrible lives . 
  they had to work on their farms from early sun rise to almost to sun set to make a living . 
  in the summer their days were full on working in the fields and in the winters they had to do work in the forest . 
  if we go back even more in time the hours go longer and the living goes thinner . 
  its not that long ago when people in bad years had to put sawn bites from wood into flours to enable have enough bread . 
  not to mention that people died often and they died young . 
  when you do n't have quick transportation and ca n't afford medicine and quality diverse food , you are in far bigger risk to die . 
  just last fall i visited a family grave and we looked on the tombstone and noticed my grandfathers brother , brothers wife , three sisters and parents died young and in relatively short time between each other . 
  and this was in the 30s and 40s , and do remember that this was n't because of war , this was how things were then . 
  i 'm glad that i 'm alive today and we have this marvellous global economy that offers opportunities to work and earn so much to provide much easier and comfortable life that anybody 50 or 100 years ago could imagine . 
  and so what if i 'm wage slave ? 
  i have to spend my hours to something , i gladly hit my head with it-systems and all the stupidity in the modern corporations , the same too with my girlfriend , loves to work in a big kitchen for long hours . 
  what else could we do with our time ? 
  ca n't really imagine anything better to do . 
  again waste of good taxpayer money . 
  if you want cheap energy you build nuclear , not solar or wind energy . 
   but they are legal . 
  perfectly legal . 
  you probably have to hire a greek manager to guide you through this , but that 's pretty much it , and you would probably do this anyway . 
   illegal practices i did n't cover ( not paying taxes or benefits ) . 
  not in this post . 
  well , it that is so then you just have to dismantle the public unions and cut down the public sector to lower the tax burden of the private sector . 
  job half done . 
   this is pure speculation . 
  if we insist on consumerist societies , yes . 
  otherwise you just close the borders , abolish capitalism slowly and sit back and enjoy your 80 years of life before becoming food for the worms . 
  if europe would close our borders our economies would come crashing down . 
  we need oil and gas not only for heating and transportation but also for agriculture . 
  not to mention many other commodities . 
  we need to buy those from world markets somehow , and the easiest way to do it is to make world class products and services that people are willing to pay good money for them . 
  and in case of consumerist society , that is one thing for sure that people are not going to give up . 
  people want to consume and people want to live easy and comfortable lives . 
  you ca n't convince people to go back in time to much more harder times . 
  no no no . 
  loans and incentives are subsidies . 
  they are the worst kind of subsidies in the world because too many people do n't recognizance them as such . 
  if you get loans with cheaper interest rates that you would normally get from the market , that is money changing hand , this time it is the government doing it by taking a risk and not getting adequate return for it . 
  the same with tax incentives . 
  these are the worst things that you can do for an economy . 
  actually even more stupid thing to do would let the politicians decide on where to invest , and where not . 
  in finland in the 70s the state via state company invested into multiple paper and pulp mills in hinterlands , during then finnish consultancies said that is direct waste of money , that those investment are profitable enough , and they were right . 
  when the downsizing of the finnish forest industry started in the 00s , those places that where the state had decided to invest , where places that were shut-down . 
  states are bad investors , investing is the job of the private sector , not the public sector . 
  and lets go back to investing . 
  investing into factories in europe is more or less stupid . 
  what european companies are doing are opening new factories in newly developing countries like vietnam . 
  near europe there are lucrative places like ukraine , which would the perfect place for factories if they could get their basic things together . 
  what europe needs is more startups and more fast growing smes . 
  these are companies that build-up on knowledge and they move fast . 
  these are the companies and investments that europe needs , not some buildings that are going to be abandoned few years after their opening . 
  you have to make that practise legal and easy if it is already in place . 
  the reason why ? 
  the reason is to lower uncertainty that businesses and employees have . 
  if you have a practise that is not 100 % legal , what businesses face is a possibility of backlash , and they have to prepare or otherwise handle that risk . 
  in the other spectrum you have employees - if you are n't a steady employee with a contract , banks do n't give you loans you have less ability to invest long term . 
  that is a loose-loose situation . 
  it is better to make hiring and firing more easier and more flexible , allowing people and companies to make legal contracts with each others . 
  and on your last note , this is n't a crisis of capitalism , capitalism is doing fine overall . 
  however regions in the world who have n't kept up with the pace of competition are now feeling the pinch when countries like china and india push into markets . 
  and china is n't just competing with low wages , no , their wages are n't any more as low as they were , for example in few years china will take over bulgaria when measured in gdp per capita ( nominal ) . 
  the coastal regions of china , those which are heavily industrialized and developed , they are quite rich and wealthy already , and quite head of both bulgaria and romania . 
  if we in europe are n't going to work more harder , more quicker , more intelligently , we are not going to afford the lifestyle that we have used to . 
  that is a fact . 
  so in other words ... * european taxpayers are going to pay it * group of bureaucrats and big corporations are going to decide it * in reality it is subsidies hidden under cheap loans and tax cuts i 'm sorry , but this is the totally wrong way to do it . 
  from the point of view of overall economy , if company a is going to build a factory in country 1 , but then decides to build it in country 2 that is less optimal for the factory but thanks to subsidies is more profitable for the firm , what we end up doing is lowering the total efficiency of the overall economy . 
  in other words we are wasting tax payers money for nothing . 
  if we really want to support growth of high tech sectors , what we need to do is to cut taxes and allow larger cumulation of capital to individuals , this will allow successful people to become venture capitalists and angel investors . 
  cut down labour laws and allow greater flexibility for companies to hire and fire , this will allow companies to take bigger risk and grow faster , it will also allow companies and individuals to fail faster . 
  invest into universities and gear them to serve up the interests of local industries so that those industries by educating people with industry skills and conduct research together with industries . 
  that is the way to do it . 
  explain more ... for example where does the money come ? 
  who decides where to use it and who actually uses it ... 
  the problem in investing into greece is that investing and running a business in it is very hard . 
  in the ease of doing business index greece places to 100th while for example denmark is 5th , finland 11th and sweden 14th . 
  the reason why greece fairs so badly while nordics fair so well more or less explain why doing greece is business unfriendly place . 
  to point out one of the biggest reason why running a business in greece is hard , and what also is true with other southern european countries , is that business do n't have flexibility , they are strangled by government and labour regulations . 
  for example i work in a it-consultancy , in the last few years we have had shred almost 30-40 % of our workforce due to big client shutting down projects . 
  if the firm could n't fire people at ease and instead would either had to keep them or pay big penalties to fire them , the whole company would have gone bust . 
  actually the company would n't ever have grown this big if there would be bigger labour risks . 
  now because of having more flexibility , while shredding jobs in one place , the company has tried and succeeded in expanding in other customer segments and been able to hire new people to fulfil those opportunities . 
  that is flexibility that companies need in order to survive , if you do n't give that flexibility you wo n't ever have companies that want to grow and take risks . 
  how can you distribute high tech investments ?
