  yeah , with that speed it would take 40 years for ukraine to have same kind of motorway network as france has , but then again ... that is quite realistic , nobody is expecting that the country could catch the development divide between old eu members in shorter time . 
  i do n't think that integrating ukraine to eu would be that costly adventure when they have made the necessary changes to their state and society . 
  for example if we use bulgaria and romania as benchmarks on how much money per capita would be pumped into ukraine , the sum would somewhere around 3.4 billion eur . 
  then again if sums pumped into ukraine would be comparable to estonia and lithuania , then the sum would be 18.6 billion eur . 
  maybe a more realistic comparable would be poland , then the cost of accession of ukraine would be somewhere around 7.1 billion eur . 
  these figures are not impossible at all as for example the greek bailout has eaten approx 245 billion eur of money . 
  then we have to remember the upsides of accession of ukraine to the union . 
  what is lucrative with ukraine is that their gdp per capital ( nominal ) figures are much lower than those of china , meaning that ukraine could be a future mecca for low cost manufacturing and outsourcing work . 
  of course for this to happen ukraine has to cut down bureaucracy , decrease corruption and increase rule-of-law for the economy to become lucrative for foreign direct investment . 
  the pink elephant in the finnish political landscape that everyone pretends not to exist , but everyone knows is there , is the task to change finnish state from bi-lingual to single language state . 
  the reason nobody is willing to take this task and make it happen is because we are not only talking about changing the constitution , but changing the characteristic of finland as a state and as a nation . 
  it is a big step to take , and it is a messy step that includes how we define protection of minority languages , whether they are historic minorities or new minorities . 
  this is the reason why i object against this latest initiative to make swedish elective in the finnish schools , because it does n't touch the core issue in here , changing the constitution and redefining what finland is . 
  edit : this of course does n't concern \u00c5land at all as it has full autonomy . 
  my work here has been done . 
   terrorism is the systematic use of terror , often violent , especially as a means of coercion . 
   common definitions of terrorism refer only to those violent acts which are intended to create fear ( terror ) ; are perpetrated for a religious , political , or ideological goal ; and deliberately target or disregard the safety of non-combatants ( civilians ) . 
  i would just ship them to guantanamo bay just in case , maybe few years there would teach them a valuable lesson on tolerating other people and not using violence and terror to further their political agenda . 
   a world with no masters and no slaves , a world where everyone gets what he needs and what he deserves . 
  if you really would like to have a society where everybody gets what they need , for basic survival and dignified life and starting over , and what they deserve , get most of the fruits of their labor , then you would better be nowadays social democrat or liberal . 
  for example look at nordic societies , they are highly meritocratic , meanings everybody has an equal opportunity to succeed , but nobody is left alone to survive . 
  and in my honest opinion the nordic model where capitalism is mixed with social welfare is the only working model for an equal society that works . 
  they are actually in the same political side . 
  both communism and national socialism are actually hardcore leftist ideals , they put the importance of proletariat/people before individuals , they do n't have any respect for private ownership , capitalism is despised by both of them , and both of them have rigid set of social rules to guide individuals life . 
  that engine was sick and corrupted and that why it first went bankrupt and then took the cypriot state because the state had allowed all this corruption to live and spread under its own watchful eye . 
  in my honest opinion cypriot banks should have been let to go bankrupt , same too with the cypriot state , no need to save any of them . 
  however as we all know , cypriot leaders wanted to save these banks with what ever costs , and the eurozone countries and the imf wanted to give a second change , and this way they are all saved . 
  yes , the savers will become their owners , so what ? 
  are russians as owners somewhat worse than cypriots or other europeans ? 
  you forgot the best one !, 
  [ dudesons ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf2lnhbyi5c ), 
  finland ... * k-plus , k-market , k-supermarket , k-citymarket ( kesko ) * sale , s-market , prisma ( sok , co-operative ) * siwa , valintatalo , euromarket ( suomen l\u00e4hikaupat ) * lidl basically in finland retail business is owned by two major groups , the k-group and the s-group whose combined market share is somewhere around 90 % . 
    soviet concentration camp which they had all over europe  ? 
  well for example what happened to poles ...  the soviet authorities regarded service to the prewar polish state as `` crime against revolution '' [ 23 ] and `` counter-revolutionary activity '' , [ 24 ] and proceeded to arrest large numbers of polish intelligentsia , former officials , politicians , civil servants and scientists , intellectuals and the clergy , as well as ordinary people thought to pose a threat to soviet rule . 
  in the two years between the invasion of poland and the 1941 attack on ussr by germany , the soviets arrested and imprisoned about 500,000 poles . 
  this was about one in ten of all adult males . 
  initially aimed primarily at possible political opponents , by january 1940 the nkvd 's campaign was also directed against potential allies , including polish communists and socialists . 
  those arrested included w\u0142adys\u0142aw broniewski , aleksander wat , tadeusz peiper , leopold lewin , anatol stern , teodor parnicki , marian czuchnowski and many others . 
  [ 25 ] the soviet nkvd executed about 65,000 imprisoned poles after kangaroo trials . 
  [ 7 ]  the number of poles who died due to soviet repressions in the period 1939-1941 is estimated at at least 150,000 . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] we should n't also forget all those peoples who were shipped to gulags in siberia , they were essentially to die there . 
  in baltics and other occupied countries soviets essentially made intellectual decapitation of these nations by killing all the more prominent members of their societies , thus softening them for colonization or designating them as vassal states . 
  edit : this is even worse ...  in 1940 and the first half of 1941 , the soviets deported a total of more than 1,200,000 poles in four waves of mass deportations from the soviet territories , while in poland the nazis and their collaborators murdered ethnic poles who opposed german rule . 
  the first major operation took place on february 10 , 1940 , with more than 220,000 people sent to northern european russia . 
  the second wave of 13 april 1940 , consisted of 320,000 people sent primarily to kazakhstan . 
  the third wave of june -- july 1940 totaled more than 240,000 . 
  the fourth and final wave occurred in june 1941 , deporting 300,000 . 
  upon resumption of polish-soviet diplomatic relations in 1941 , it was determined ( based on soviet information ) that more than 760,000 deportees had died . 
  i do n't believe that even satchi & satchi could increase olive oil consumption no matter how fine tuned and advantaged media blitz they could create . 
  that is just awful attitude . 
  ukraine belongs to ukrainian people and they should be free to decide what they want to do with their country ... 
  if ukrainians want to co-operate more with the eu and one day join it , that is their prerogative to do so . 
  they are a european country and all full well eligible to start the integration process if they want to . 
  so do are ukrainians free to choose closer co-operation with russia , what ever that would mean . 
  not to mention that they also can choose to not ally themselves with neither eu or russia . 
  that is a-okey too . 
  what matters the most that ukrainian people are free to decide themselves what they want to do , and they do n't want to do . 
  that is how consumers behave and that is what you have to take into account when you are doing policy decisions . 
  i myself bought lumia 720 just few months ago , but now when i noticed that the new 925 is selling around 435e , i would like to swap my handset to it . 
  yes , you can complain that is wasteful and damages the environment and limited earth resources , yada , yada , yada ... 
  but that is how it is , that is how consumers behave and as long as they behave as they do , you have to take that into account in your policy decisions . 
   damn jrohila , you 've got to keep your chill otherwise you 'll just look bad and not get your point across . 
  true , but sometimes you just have to went your anger on sheer stupidity that people keep repeating . 
   us republicans ? 
  so continuing with the massive spending but instead of welfare , spending it on the military ? 
  eww , how absolutely disgusting . 
  what unites republicans is essentially fiscal conservatism and belief on small government . 
  of course as people are just people , they can easily become corrupted , thus massive spending on big government in areas of internal and external security . 
  i do n't know what european version of the republican party would do , maybe instead of defense spending it would try to advance unneeded infrastructure and r&d funding . 
  but what is sure that there is no way that european taxpayers would be willing to create a european welfare state . 
  the reason is simple , taxpayers that fund the welfare need to truest that the money is well spend and the spending is for the betterment of the whole society . 
  the problem is that there is hardly enough truest left in the north to continue with out current framework , in the south there is no truest at all , otherwise greek doctors would be happily paying their taxes . 
  if just move funding and decision making up to brussels , what you will end up is people allying behind the least common denominator , and in this case that is unease and doubt against other people . 
   the economy is n't zero-sum , under free trade everybody would benefit . 
  not that the eu is interested in the well-being of its citizens as much as it is in its lobbies , so we 'll have to fix that first . 
  i 'm not against free trade , and yes , you are right that free trade can benefit everybody , however currently free trade is n't benefiting everybody because many states especially in central and south europe have strangled the functioning and flexibility of the private sector so tight that it ca n't renew and grow itself . 
  the reason why i 'm very afraid of this is because time is of the essence . 
  southern europe has suffered very badly due to opening of tariffs , chinese and indian manufacturers have taken over many markets that were before served by southern european companies . 
  many of these companies are still there , but if they do n't start to succeed and grow again , the know-how and knowledge that were tied down to them and to industrial clusters that they formed will be lost forever . 
  that is why is so crucial that we get rid of south vs. north division because it is not german companies eating italian or spanish companies , it is the competition that is coming outside the union . 
   for me seems like the most important differences are that we care about our families more and they are the center of our lifes , that we do n't take as seriously the laws . 
  the dark side of this are nepotism and corruption , that is why you ca n't have nice things like collage students living by themselves . 
   an indirect temporary workaround would be to encourage slight wage growth in countries like germany . 
  let germans buy more stuff from southern countries , let germans buy more stuff from german companies who buy some of their materials from southern countries , let euro fall slightly against the dollar , let germany move its trade surplus to a balance . 
  it also would be a popular policy in germany after a decade of a trade surplus created with the help of wage restraint . 
  but , as you say , that is not in the interest of northern countries - at least , for the people who is not affected by the wage restraint . 
  there is finite amount of olive oil one can consume , but can easily go from replacing smart phone from every two years to every year or every half a year . 
  actually i would get another raise now i would probably mostly spend it to electronics ( ipad or lumia tablet ) , changing to lexus , or investing to stocks of companies with diversified global reach or orientated to exports to south-east asia ... what is certain is that money would n't go to south as there is nothing that i would buy that i 'm not already consuming . 
   yes , and at-will employment ( an excellently orwellian name there ) is one of the , what i would consider , loopholes . 
  since firing people is so easy , nobody will fight for their rights . 
  what makes this so orwellian is that people are kept under the impression that they and the employer are on equal footing when making an employment contract , when in fact they typically have much more to lose than their employer . 
  do you do know that even in finland employment is more or less at-will-employment ? 
  there is n't nothing preventing your employer to fire you you . 
  however if you have been wrongfully fired , you can claim compensation , but that does n't really keep prevent employers firing people if they absolutely need to do so . 
  buddy , you do n't know what the fuck you are asking for . 
  the final straw that will kill the european welfare state is the mother fucking fiscal union . 
  you know why ? 
  because it is mother fucking hard to even accept happily paying hard taxes already to pay up to keep the welfare state running . 
  i 'm not going to mother fucking pay even more to keep some mother fucking people happy in some mother fucking non-functioning countries to whose running of things i did n't have any saying . 
  well , i have this to say , fuck you .
