  not to mention all lost business and work opportunities that could have been created without them . 
  again the point is that there has to mechanism and criterias on which fiscal transfers are based . 
  if they are just based on politics then it will surely cause a slow decline of everybody in europe . 
  fiscal transfers must be in a form that will encourage states to take good care of their economy and fiscal health . 
  and there must be an max limit for fiscal transfers , if state even with fiscal transfers and sudden adjustment funds ca n't get its fiscal matters sorted out and its economy to grow , then it is bankcruphy time for that said state . 
  fiscal transfers based on what criteria exactly ? 
  are the fiscal transfers going to be based on gni ( gross national income as the current eu funding is based ) or it is based on something else like for example to assist with budget deficits ? 
  and what would these structural reforms at the eurozone level be if i may ask ? 
  how bad do you think the situation in russia will go ? 
  i am genuinly interested as most of my current stock portfolio is -20 % thanks to me investing to russia dependent stocks when the crisis was in its midleway . 
  i never thought the crisis would continue or deepen this far . 
  in case of the finnish economy , the outlook is n't good , but atleast it is n't that bad . 
  the economy is not growing , but atleast it is not shrinking . 
   because building high rise building means starting to force expropriate a lot of people that do n't agree . 
  and you need high rises density for the transport system to make sense on an economic level . 
  you do n't build a high way for 50 houses . 
  you build it for a 100 000 hab neighborhood . 
  why should there be expropriations ? 
  markets should be let to function by their own . 
  if the owner does n't want to sell then that will be so . 
  i myself live in an area of helsinki that was full of old villas that were in the 60s turned into apartment complexes . 
  there are still some old villas left from people who did n't want to sell their home . 
  in case of public transport , yes , the more the merrier , but highways and motorways do n't cost that much . 
  we start to have quite much of them here in helsinki and in other major finnish cities even while population densities are quite low . 
   plus , those high level buildings are never owned by the average joe . 
  it 's rich enterpreneurs who rent it . 
  and sometime due to a law the joe can buy his flat but otherwise , if you want everybody renting everything forever , go that way . 
  that is a legislative problem . 
  here in finland we have a special form of a company called housing cooperative incorporated . 
  the difference to a normal company is that stocks of the company entitle you to live and decorate your flat . 
  another difference is that the housing company is a non-profit , its sole responsibility is to take care of the housing complex . 
  so in here the housing business works like this . 
  a construction company designs and builds a new apartment complex which it then incorporates and starts to sell the the flats/stocks to individuals . 
  it is really rare that investors would just buy a house completely . 
  now you may ask where does the money come for the average joes to buy their flat ? 
  banks in here accept the flat/apartment to form 75 % of the collateral , for the another 15 % you can take an insurance , and the last 10 % you have to pay by yourself . 
   except they do n't give you a few millions . 
  they offer you 100k to `` be out next week and find somewhere we do n't care '' ; and if you refuse there are accidental fires starting over your lawn repeatedly . 
  especially when you are away a few days . 
  then if you are still there , they find some legal loophole to kick you out by bribing the mayor who wants to see that building project go throught for his carreer or something if they can . 
  not the kind of people i think we should invite . 
  again , that is a problem with law and order , the answer to that should be found from fighting against corruption . 
   unless you suggest we expand on sea , no you ca n't . 
  in the continental eu there is a 90 + % occupation rate already . 
  in agglomeration , 100 % of the land is already built . 
  there is litterally nowhere to build more , or if you do you will have to find land and destroy what 's already on top of it . 
  doable if it 's a ruin and you can somehow convince the owner to give it up , but otherwise forget it . 
  i have been in the central europe and while places like netherlands and ruhr area are quite build up , there is no reason why suburbs ca n't be extended with new rail and motorway connections . 
  another option is to just build up , the sky is the limit . 
  if i would own a low rise property and a constructor would want to replace it with a 30 story housing complex , i would just take my few million euros gladly . 
  well , if you look at the usa where real estate taxes are high , what has happened is that whole neighborhoods have become ghettos with barely livable housing because their owners have decided not to invest on their property and the rents are still high just because of the location . 
  in finland actually in some places where in this case museum authorities have protected low rise buildings in high density places , owners have just closed the property and let it rot until the place is in such a disarray that it ca n't be anymore anyway be repaired and then gotten a permit to dismantle it and build new housing on its place . 
  if a person can afford an apartment empty then who are we to judge ? 
  not to mention that if another person has the money to buy an house , then why does n't that other person just invest and build a new house ? 
  the amount of houses is n't finite , it can expand . 
  problem with real estate tax is that it punishes home and property owners who invest to keep their property in good shape . 
  if people do n't anymore want to fix or renovate their apartments due to it increasing their real estate tax , what will happen is that more and more properties will be neglected and that will cost for the whole economy more : fixing a roof is pittance compared to fixing a water damage and removing the mold . 
  i would say that the only real solution to housing is that cities zone more and give permission to build more higher up . 
  we as free and prosperous nations have the obligation to assist our neighbors to achieve what we have achieved . 
  ukrainians want to become europeans , they want to join the european union . 
  they want that their nation to eventually become part of the civilized europe , europe of democracy , human rights , law & order , prosperity and development . 
  not to be forgotten in all this is that ukrainians are also fighting for their culture , for their language . 
  kremlin does n't see ukraine as country or ukrainians as a nation , nor does the russian media or russian fighters see so . 
  they have been oppressed all of their history by russia . 
  now they are fighting for their country , culture and language . 
  if we fail the ukrainians , we let the kremlin know that it is still okey in the 21th-century to blackmail , threaten and use direct violence against another country . 
  if we give up the ukrainians now , then what next ? 
  will there be little green men in belarus ? 
  in baltic states ? 
  in finland ? 
  in poland . 
  the world failed to say no in 1938 , the price of that was paid by tens of millions of people by their lives . 
   i think the best course of action is 1 ) use public spending to boost national production and consumption , like the new deal did . 
  how ? 
  the problem in france and in finland not to mention other central and southern european countries is n't that there is n't money available in the capital markets , there is more than enough , the problem is that there are n't enough lucrative investment targets . 
  in my honest opinion the reason why there are n't enough investment opportunities is that public sectors and regulations make starting and running enterprises too hard and risky . 
  for example here in finland our problem is that many times sme 's do n't want to grow as regulations and taxation make it not beneficial for the owners . 
   2 ) find ways to make sure national production is prioritized to avoid channeling the public spending into imports , as it happened in 1980 's france , because that defeats the point . 
  that is more or less impossible . 
  the only way to do it would be to lower vat of products and services that french companies have an competitive advantage or at least are strong . 
  my guesstimate would that car taxes should be lowered while taxes on consumables such as clothes and electronics would need to heightened . 
   3 ) tighten your budget like fuck once the situation gets better and return to responsible public spending . 
  this never happens . 
  the only way to do is to freeze the employee count of public sector or decrease it every year . 
  another thing to do is to freeze the public sector wages , but again this is very hard to do . 
   on top of that , france has structural problems beyond public spending that nobody wants to touch , and that some thinkers are slowly egding towards maybe suggesting that potentially reforms could be not-horrible ( which is an unbelievable change from 10 years ago ) . 
  i 'm not sure that if we move away from austerity-mandated reforms we 'll ever touch these structural issues . 
  same here . 
  people and politicians do n't want to make hard choices , it is easier to just take more debt or increase taxes for already strangled middle and middle-higher income earners . 
  that is a small price to pay if we can ensure the freedom of the ukrainian people from kremlin . 
  besides those 130 000 jobs are in the agricultural sector , those jobs do n't go anywhere , they are already subsidized by the eu . 
  actually even a full blown trade war with russia would n't cost that much . 
  if we would halt all trade and commercial linkage with russia , the only thing for us to do to insulate from its effects would be to speed up internal integration and add both the ecb and eu tools to assist the economy . 
  the good thing about full trade war with russia would that it would ensure the collapse of kremlin and force the russian elite to accept that their country does n't even have power to fare a trade war . 
  then again who could really fair well against the largest economy in the world . 
  well you at least know ibiza and why it is the greatest place in earth ? 
  nicki minaj was born in caribbean , but moved as a child to usa . 
  her record producers , film directors , music executives and of course advertisers come from the usa . 
  i would say she and her music are 100 % american . 
  anyway , in case of latin america , it is considered to be part of west .
