  you could for example buy a regional paper that had all the names of inhabitants and their official income . 
  i think that would be a yearly hit in greece . 
  in finland our government made an end to these newspapers by putting a too high fee of per person on transfer of records electronically . 
  however , going to tax office and just asking the data from there is still free . 
  in my honest opinion income data should be public , if i make a lot of money and pay my taxes from it , i should have nothing to fear from my fellow citizens . 
   hiring non-professional tax collectors , is `` far '' from complete why the hell do you need non-professional tax collectors ? 
  should n't the aim be at automating tax collection and accounting to a point where most of tax fraud is impossible ? 
  how hard it is to create legislation and system that connects to individuals bank accounts , reads yearly income data and data about owned financial assets , reads data and contributions coming from companies , reads data from property registers and then raises flags suspicious individuals . 
  the same can also be done with companies by using statistical analysis where the aim is to find companies whose area of business , volume of business and revenues do n't match with other companies with same specific qualities , thus leading to an alarm and possible tax audit . 
  edit : down voter/s , can you explain why you down vote ? 
  in finland we have system like this and we make tax records public . 
  if you want to know how much your neighbor makes , you just go to local tax office and ask . 
  it is much easier to blame somebody else than take responsibility . 
  anti-americanism be it in russia , arab-world , european lefts , etc. . . is response to a letdown of ones country 's , cultures and ideas place in the world . 
  in case of contemporary russia , the realization that russia is a just a relatively small and weak regional power with underdeveloped economy and industries that are going nowhere is much more painful thing to admit , thus blaming somebody else or framing them to be weaker than they are is much easier to do : the fault is not on oneself , but on the world , and if one just hangs there , there will be natural correction . 
  for example since the collapse of the soviet union and the raise of usa as hegemonic super power , there has been voices heard from here and there that have constantly predicted the collapse of the usa . 
  one example of this is [ igor panarin , russian professor and political scientist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/igor_panarin ) , who have predicted usa to disintegrate [ into 6 parts by 2010 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/igor_panarin#mediaviewer/file:panarin.svg ) . 
  he currently leads russian foreign ministry 's school for future diplomats . 
  i have to say that something is really wrong with the academic system if somebody as notable like him creates a prediction that is pure fantasy . 
  there is no money because it is all wasted !, 
  how about not giving 10 % raise to workers of an near monopoly energy company who charges one of the highest electricity prices in europe ? 
  and how about downsizing all ineffective workers from those public owned companies or just letting them go bankrupt ? 
   you could pump chlorine gas into the tunnel-network and rat them out . 
  the army is prepared against chemical warfare , and it is part of the training . 
  every fighter has his or her gas mask and other equipment with them . 
  do you really think that the finnish defense forces just destroyed all the rifles and equipment ... 
  the fact that there are adequate equipment and ammunition for 350k troops does n't mean that there is n't equipment for 500k , it just means that the rest of the equipment does n't fulfill anymore the criteria of the finnish army . 
   formerly secret underground tunnel network ... 
  the existence of the underground tunnel network is not a secret , the expansiveness of the tunnel network is a secret . 
  our biggest newspaper , helsingin sanomat , made an article years ago about it . 
  we know that it exists , the russians know that it exists , the nato knows it exists ... 
  the question that people and any potential invader should ask , what kind of things are there that are secret . 
   no you really do have issues , i 'd struggled to think of one strategic benefit to russia of attacking finland and i 've not even got one solid one , care to help if people would be rational , there would be no wars ... let me write an narrative ... * the russian leadership and security apparatus drowned the people of russia with stories of decadency and immorality of the west , of it being weak and indecisive , no match for superior russian power steaming from straight moral character and uncorrupted values . 
  as the perception of russian people about the surrounding world changed , so did the world view of the russian leaders . 
  as much as they thought they were in control , the illusion they created blinded them too . 
  as the crisis in ukraine escalated and the financial pressure from the west was weakening russia , the russian leadership decided that before an orange revolution would wipe them out , they would wipe out the west . 
  the west was decadent , indecisive and weak , if the russians would just deliver a strong enough blow against the axis of eu and nato , the usa is would surely back and europeans give up , thus paying the way for europe lead by kremlin centered euroasian union . 
  the plan was made and the troops were called . 
  russian troops would overwhelm the enemy with strategic attacks against eu and nato capitals , from helsinki to warsaw , and take them over and force surrender . 
  as corrupt and decadent institutions , the eu and nato would collapse , and force the western europe to submit to a new kremlin dictated world order . 
  we have experience from seeing what a threat to a freedom looks like , and what we are seeing now developing in russia is very terrifying . 
  the regime in kremlin has curtailed all essential freedoms of russians , they have transformed russia into sham-democracy , an autocracy that pretends to be democracy , that drowns the truth and brainwashes russians either to hate the outside world or doubt what is the truth . 
  and for what ? 
  for the corrupt leaders who have stolen their fortunates from russian people to stay in power . 
  they do n't have an ideological mission , they are not nationalist , they are not religious , all that they are are being power hungry . 
  they will sacrifice any - and everybody in the altar of their power . 
  russian patriots like to believe that their leaders are n't corrupt , that they are doing a service to the motherland , but they are n't . 
  the russian leaders have already sold much of the far-east to the chinese and they are just going to continue on selling it to anybody that will back their power . 
  they even sell the russian people to muslim terrorists , do you really think kadyrov and his chechen extremist love russia ? 
  hint : they do n't !, 
  their children are above the law in moscow , treating ordinary russian with contempt and doing what they want . 
  when the regime in kremlin will one day collapse , it will be kadyrov and his ilk that will back stab kremlin and cause untold misery to russian people . 
  i would advise anybody who is in russia and assisting the regime to think twice . 
  anybody who assists the regime , has his or her hands in blood of innocents . 
  just think about it . 
  i share the exact same feeling . 
  my grandmother from fathers side was ethnic russian who after the fall of the russian empire found herself and her village living in finland as finnish citizens . 
  as the news from ever continuing soviet atrocities started to reach them in 20s and 30s by people escaping from the soviet union to finland , they had no question on where they loyalties where . 
  when soviet union invaded estonia , another set of news of plunder , rapes and murders reached them . 
  when the soviet union finally attacked finland , all the people of finland went to defend the country ... finns and swedes from nobility to communists , ethnic russians , jews , tatars , etc. . . everybody went to defend the country , because soviet union was only offering death and slavery , extermination of free people . 
  today kremlin is again ruled by an autocratic regime that hates freedom and liberty . 
  the russian silovik leadership does n't care about human life , they do n't care about human dignity , they do n't care if you are russian or not , they only care power , and they are willing to take it with any means possible . 
  russia today is much more dangerous to its neighbors that soviet union was at the end of its days . 
  russia now is nazi germany in the 30s . 
  it is the duty of ordinary russians to make sure that the regime in kremlin is stopped before it is too late . 
  the problem is that if you do this as civilians , the russian soldiers will retaliate this on other civilians , essentially mass executions of totally innocent people . 
  if it happened in chechnya that was part of russia , just think what happens in a country that is defined to be their own country . 
  then again , there is nothing to say that russian soldiers would n't just kill civilians in retaliation even if you would be wearing uniforms ... 
  writing it made me just miserable . 
  the part that i left out was what could happen in an extended conflict ... 
  the reason why i emphasized insulating windows and storing water is that if and when the war would turn against russia , there is a risk of russians using tactical nuclear weapons to destroy enemy formations or use burning ground tactic to slow down the enemy . 
  either downtown helsinki would be hit by tactical nuke or suburbs of helsinki would be hit , or eastern finland would be hit with them . 
  in this case it would be priority to stay inside out of radiation and to have non-radioactive drinking water . 
  if you do n't get food , you still can live a relatively long time , but you die really fast if you do n't get water . 
  that was probably something that nazis were saying in the 30s ... `` hey look you , this anti-german propaganda ! '', 
  ... and then what happened . 
  well ... 
  the basics are essentially ... stay inside , put the television and radio on to wait for instructions . 
  close all windows and use tape if available to insulate them . 
  start to fill out plastic bottles with water . 
  fill with water what ever sink that you have . 
  move to emergency shelter inside the apartment house if there are no instruction or possibility to get out from helsinki . 
  the scary part comes now ... 
  if there would be russian soldiers in helsinki , it would have meant that russians would have done an strategic attack against the capital with special forces , marines and paratroopers in order to force finland to surrender . 
  unfortunately we finns have been practicing against this since the start of cold war . 
  thus the leadership has already moved into safe bunkers , the army is mobilizing around the country and moving troops and assets towards the capital and the eastern border . 
  the finnish troops will encircle the capital , move troops via secret underground tunnel network all around the city and start an attack to the take over the capital . 
  i remember reading an estimation in helsingin sanomat , biggest newspaper in finland , that in the ensuing battle tens of thousands civilians would die in the ensuing artillery bombardments and urban warfare that would turn our capital to grozny . 
  plundering , rapes and murders would also be made by invading troops ... 
  thus the first priority of business is to leave helsinki . 
  after leaving helsinki i would search for the nearest finnish army units and ask further instructions on where to report for the duty . 
  probably if the finnish defense forces were really surprised , the army would have already moved into guerrilla warfare thus i would join what ever unit first comes up with an rifle and ammunitions to give . 
  the only unsure thing is that i am 35 , an old man compared to youngsters that just came out of the training , although i am fit and in better shape now than i was when i was 19 , i would be lower priority to be given a weapon and joined the unit . 
  that said , we have enough weapons for an half a million man army , the problem is that are those weapons available in the first days of the war ... anyways , that said , then it would be going on to fight . 
  i do n't see any point on living in a putinist country , thus it is better to go out and do my duty , and hope for the best . 
  i know that . 
  my point was just to note that creating a european side super operator is possible already . 
  the reason why it has n't been done is because there is no money to be made out of it . 
  mvno, 
  because on real life they have to buy super expensive service fron ericsson , nokia or huawei .
