   you and your descendants will , as soon as you start nuclear . 
  tell me how much the reactor under construction in finland has exceeded its budget already ... before even having produced a single kwh of electricity . 
  nope . 
  tvo ordered epr from areva with fixed-price contact , that means that budget and timetable overruns will be paid by areva . 
  actually areva owns tvo plenty of money in contractual penalties because they have n't been able to construct the nuclear reactor in the time-frame they agreed in contract . 
   because , as i 've already said , the externalities are n't accounted for . 
  even so the idea is rather recent , research investments so far are absolute dwarfed by those in nuclear , and still it 's coming closer and closer to profitability . 
  lets get back to this when it will be profitable . 
    finnish energy producer teollisuuden voima  ... is part of the fennovoima consortium . 
  is not part of the fennovoima consortium . 
  tvo and fennovoima are two different companies . 
  tvo was founded in 1969 and fennovoima in 2007 . 
  tvo operates two reactors , is building one currently more , and has a permit to build forth reactor in eurajoki , western finland . 
  fennovoima won a permit to build a reactor to pyh\u00e4joki , northern finland . 
  two different companies . 
  the one thing that they have common is that they are funded privately . 
   in start e.on k\u00e4rnkraft finland owned 34 % of fennovoima and voimaosakeyhti\u00f6 sf owned 66 % . 
  voimaosakeyhti\u00f6 sf had initially 69 shareholders . 
  [ 8 ] in october 2012 , e.on announced a plan to sell its 34 % stake in the company as a part of the decision to withdraw from finland . 
  [ 10 ] [ 11 ] several finnish shareholders have left the project , currently over 40 % of the shares are for sale . 
  most major municipal energy companies , including helsinki , are shareholders making majority of finnish tax payers in the end financially responsibility of all potential extra costs of the future nuclear power plant . 
  shareholders are not responsible for liabilities of the company they own . 
  and in case of helsingin energia , the thing is that they have put money to this project because it is the cheapest way they can generate energy . 
  and let me remind you that finnish energy prices are one of the lowest in europe , much lower than in germany for example . 
   the consortium pays a flat fee , and the government bears the risk . 
  the government and society are effectively acting as an insurer for the private company . 
  nuclear companies pay what is calculated they need to pay for these two funds that i previously said . 
  and in case of accidents , lets put it like this , there is no insurance against wild running global climate change . 
  either you take that risk or the one with nuclear that actually is n't a risk as it is under control . 
   there is : the market functions better when there is a lower barrier to entry , so more competing offers are on the market and collusion is harder . 
  non-intervention is not always a guarantee for the highest efficiency , much like putting traffic lights on a crossroads can improve traffic flow . 
  nope . 
  increased competition decreases profit margins , but most of the efficiencies are gained from scale of economies . 
  the best situation is that you have three to four major corporations that compete with each others limiting profit margins , but who can also leverage most out of the scale of economies . 
   we ca n't say anything yet . 
  in any case much of the advantages are diffuse benefits to society and do n't show up on the bookkeeping . 
  if that is so then the spanish municipalities and cities will get huge windfalls from increased economic activity that will show up as an increase of paid taxes . 
   if you count neither the unaccounted external costs nor the lavish subsidies received by the nuclear industry . 
  it started during ww2 , and it never ended . 
  and how much i as finnish taxpayer have paid for that ? 
  nothing . 
  and my parents generation ? 
  nothing . 
  and my grand parents generation ? 
  nothing . 
  solar thermal functions similar to small fossil or very small nuclear plants if you use it to generate electricity . 
  which means the distribution has exactly the same problems and benefits . 
  except that solar thermal is smaller , cheaper and requires less safety measures than nuclear or fossil fuels so you can spread them out to better adapt to the spread of demand . 
  and that is why energy companies are investing billions after billions to build solar thermal plants ... oh , but they are n't , and they are n't because it is not profitable . 
   no private company has ever built a nuclear plant without huge subsidies , nor will it ever . 
  even if they would , what do you expect to happen when a nuclear company is confronted with a problem in the future that requires large expenditures ? 
  who 'll get to clean up the mess ? 
  right . 
  they 're better than you at that game . 
  finnish energy producer [ teollisuuden voima ] ( http://www.tvo.fi/home ) would like to have talk with you . 
  the company was founded in 1969 by finnish industrial companies to provide them with cheap nuclear energy . 
  their first nuclear reactor became online in 1978 and the second in 1980 . 
  they are currently finishing the construction of third plant , and are currently designing their fourth . 
  they have been completely funded by finnish companies , and they have always been profitable . 
  so yes , private companies can build and operate easily nuclear plants profitably . 
   even if they would , what do you expect to happen when a nuclear company is confronted with a problem in the future that requires large expenditures ? 
  who 'll get to clean up the mess ? 
  right . 
  they 're better than you at that game . 
  in finland nuclear companies contribute to two funds , to one fund that is to be used to decommission and dismantle the power plants after they have been stopped , and another one to dispose nuclear waste . 
   if you really like private investment , you would favor renewables : those are within reach of small businesses and private investors , and do n't require big capital outlays that can only be funded by big corporations or governments . 
  there is no point on favoring small businesses or small investors . 
  if a big corporation can do somethings more efficiently and cost-effectively then they should be the ones doing it . 
  tampering the functioning of the market by for example favoring small businesses will only distort the market and make it more inefficient . 
   the first line was just opened a few months ago , let 's hold our horses shall we ? 
  now the airports , those will almost certainly be wasted ... and the immense profits of these new lines can be used to build future lines ... yeah ... 
  probably not . 
  nice try , but ... 
  the problem with thermal solar is more or less the same as it is with solar in general , it is not cost competitive against fossil fuels and nuclear energy , much less so when you take into consideration costs associated with strengthening power distribution networks . 
  much better idea would be to issue permits to let private companies build new nuclear plants to spain , portugal , italy , ireland and greece . 
  this way it would be private money both doing the investment and ensuring that it is profitable from the beginning . 
  and high speed rail ... again , spain has already done that and money has largely been wasted ... 
   my response is going to have to be short as i am in work . 
  sorry in advance if i do n't answer all of your questions . 
  no problem , the same with me too . 
   de grauwe 's article in the link describes more aggregate demand as stabilising the system , not just from the core countries but also from investment projects and the european investment bank . 
  my point was that stabilising the system would help these countries oversee their structural reform . 
  what investment projects ? 
  the problem in spain especially has been that the public sector has been unable to actually conduct any infrastructure and investment projects that would have been profitable . 
  how many new motorways and airports do we need to build ? 
  the big problem that i have with this article and the discussion in general is that people hide away behind abstractions . 
  it is easy to say that we need to increase aggregate demand , but it is whole another business to actually come up with examples on what actually will be done because then real critique against the idea is put out . 
   as for your remarks olive oil and apartments , i 'm afraid to say i found them a little patronising . 
  it is important to remember that the export sectors in countries do have industrial bases that would be helped if there was more aggregate demand . 
  have a look at these tables of exports from ireland , spain and italy and you 'll see pharmaceuticals as well as machinery . 
  in my country anyway , italian sports cars are still a luxury item that people are willing to pay a lot of money for . 
  well , where else are you going to get growth ? 
  for example spanish export industries have been in full swing for quite some time . 
  the problem in spain is that you have lots of people and companies that for the last decade committed themselves to build new apartments . 
  you ca n't just take these people and put them to work with exports because a ) industrial production does n't increase just by putting more people to work with them , you actually have to build new production capacity and that takes time ; b ) the skills may not be what is actually needed at all . 
   finally , an unemployment fund would n't necessarily entail transfers of wealth from the core to the periphery . 
  if the unemployment fund kicked in when a country 's unemployment rate reached 10 % for example , then it could potentially assist any eurozone member state . 
  in germany , unemployment has been over 10 % twice in the last twenty years , so conceivably it would be eligible for assistance if such a fund were put in place . 
  that is n't good enough answer . 
  even if we make assumption that real unemployment on all eurozone countries is the same in long term , then we have still problems such as corruption and controlling distribution of unemployment benefits .
