  actually boe and the british cabinet pushed uk out of the erm by themselves . 
  alternative for bundesbank decreasing their rates would have been for the boe to increase their own interest rates even more and even quicker . 
  americans can afford air conditioning and machinery to automate work , because they create more value from it . 
  simple as that . 
  another thing is that this world does n't need jornaleros , what this world needs is engineers , scientist , business people , designers , specialists ... increasing need for high-tech , high-knowhow , high-spec are global trends . 
  those economies that do n't get it and adopt to it will be the losers of the future . 
  us states differ quite much from eu member states , their spending represents a minuscule part of the states gdp . 
  the reason why california is home to chevron , google , intel , oracle , pg&e , visa , cisco , apple , etc. ... is not because the state of california has been running deficits . 
  neither having a hot climate has prevented people working hard . 
  taking a siesta is a cultural thing , if people want to work they figure out ways to do it . 
   i agree but that creates a problem . 
  if it 's true then the only permanent solution to the eurozone crisis is either the southern states become more efficient ( not going to happen , it 's simply impossible to live in places like spain during the summer without a siesta , i 've tried ) , then how do you explain how both california and arizona function ? 
  phoenix , a booming technology hub , has subtropical desert climate , and los angeles has subtropical-mediterranean climate ... maybe the americans have some secret technology that allows them to work even when the sun is shining and temperatures go up . 
   or the northern states agree to give money to the southern states for free forever , similar to how west germany gives money to east germany , but on a bigger scale and permanently . 
  it will probably be based on the american model whereby some states give more into the pot than others , and others take more than they put in , but in the end it 's all for the single american country . 
  it already sort of exists in the form of the cap . 
  the only thing that pouring money into troubled states will achieve is that they will stay as such . 
  the aim should be to make troubled states to aim to become functioning , more prosperous and more developed than they are . 
  you do know that many other countries have been poor in the past , but thanks to multiple decades of development and correct policies they have become more functioning and more prosperous . 
  how ca n't the same be expected from states in trouble ? 
   tripling the number of scholarships for ukrainian students of all levels and increasing the number of possibilities for professional training and exchange beyond government officials coupled with support for grassroots movements will be key . 
  sounds like a smart plan . 
   providing visa-free travel to the eu for ordinary ukrainians can help significantly facilitate the learning process and may contribute to change in ukraine . 
  another good idea , of course if ukraine can satisfy demands for it . 
  the reason why living costs are lower , but hdi and quality of life are higher is because german market and public sector work more efficiently than in southern countries . 
  not surprising when one remembers that germany is the birth place of both aldi and lidl . 
  the exports become more competitive , but you can only increase the amount flowing into the country as much as there is industrial capacity unused . 
  so there are limits on what a devaluation can do , and in today 's networked world where there usually are no domestic substitutes , i have great doubts on what the effects of an devaluation would be ... 
  in case of eurozone , slovakia became member of it in 2009 and estonia in 2011 . 
  in case of currency union , yes , it can be extended to a fiscal union , but if it ever does , you have to understand that it will be build with strict restrictions and strict limitations to sovereignty of member states . 
  you will have federal courts , federal police and federal security forces that can in any moment waltz into a country and take it over , for example in case of cyprus that is exactly what would have happened and the same would have happened in greece . 
  not to mention cracks down on corruption and tax evasion with different means , one example could be moving into a cashless society where all transactions are electronic and saved for years to come ... 
  if you want to have a fiscal union then you need to accept that it will mean loosing some of national sovereignty or even great deal of it . 
  you do n't seem to know how devaluations work ... devaluations do n't increase the amount of real money , of real things money can buy . 
  what devaluation does is to move buying power from workers and depositors to export companies and their owners . 
  yes , a devaluation can make export companies more competitive in world markets for short period of time before either other countries do competitive devaluations or their industries increase their efficiency otherwise . 
  in my honest opinion devaluations create more harm than they provide benefits . 
  for example in finland it was studied that because the finnish state would always rescue forest industries with a devaluation , industries took more risk and thus made investments that ended up being not so profitable , essentially wasting capital . 
  better option than devaluation is to have internal devaluation where salaries are negotiated in industries and firms that need it . 
  of course this can lead to people becoming indebted as they have too much debt relative to their income , but this again can be countered with having personal bankruptcy legislation . 
  and lastly if we speak about development of countries , look what eastern european countries have done , slovenia already has higher gdp per capita than greece , portugal and malta , and the next countries that will overtake these three countries will be czech republic , slovakia and estonia and this will happen with highly likely hood under the time frame of the next 5 years . 
  so why not ask what are these doing right ? 
  663 is the maximum number , maybe more real one would be ... 
  lets see , approx 70 % of that 663 million comes from peoples salaries , i make an educated guess using differences in gdp per capita ( nominal ) , the finnish gdp per capita in 2012 was 46,098 usd and in greece 22,055 usd , lets say that salaries in greece are 47,8 % from the ones in finland ... that would mean that salaries would take approx 221 million and ingredients 199 million , so in total it would probably be nearer 420 million . 
  anyway , money is not the issue in here . 
  the issue in here are values . 
  lets put it this way if you ca n't raise more money , essentially meaning that tax payers think that they are more important than children , then the only way is to cut expenses . 
  that leads to these questions ... * are children more important than state workers ? 
  * are children more important than unemployed ? 
  * are children more important than pensioners ? 
  so how will it be ? 
  what are your values ? 
   such idealism about `` every child deserves a good starting point '' is something that many states can not and will not fund because from their point of view it 's a luxury and not the state 's responsibility to be a nanny for the children . 
  finland made the decision for the state to offer free school lunches when finland still was poor and mainly agrarian state in the middle of the second world war . 
  free school lunches have nothing to do with money , they have everything to do with values that people . 
  if people believe that children are most important thing for the nations future , then they will vote accordingly . 
  and yes it maybe nordic-centric thinking , but it works . 
  if people in other countries do n't believe in having a meritocratic society where everybody gets a fair chance , then that is their choice , but then they do n't have the right to complain when things go wrong , i.e. 
  children going hungry . 
  have you ever wondered that it might not be a good idea for the us to poor money year after year to states that fail year after year ? 
  when states run out of money they need to start answering hard questions , what are we doing wrong , what could we try to do better , where is the money ... etc. . . for example the gdp per capita of mississippi is 32,967 usd while in colorado it is 51,940 usd . 
  both are periphery and both miss out on having national and global industrial centers ... 
  should n't perhaps the good people in mississippi think what for example colorado is doing different than they and maybe import some best practices from them ? 
  the greek state very easily can afford to do it . 
  it just need to cut from somewhere else and sums involved are n't actually that big . 
  in finland it is estimated that free school lunches for one year for one child costs approx 503 euros . 
  if we estimate that in greece every year there is born 120 thousand children , and children go to school from the age of 7 to 18 , then there would be 1,320 million children to feed , that would mean that providing school lunches would cost approx 663 million euros . 
  that is n't that much . 
  the total greek state budget expenditure was approx 60 billion euros , from which approx 48 billion was primary expenditure . 
  are you really saying that there is nothing to cut ? 
  nothing at all ? 
  or is there no taxes that could n't increased to pay for it ? 
  the idea of free school lunches is to guarantee that all children be from what ever social background or what ever family situation have enough healthy nutrition and thus energy to go to school and learn . 
  again it is a choice that society makes , what is considered important and on what lengths does the state and society to make sure well being of citizens . 
  3 month euribor right now is 0.208 % . 
  the ecb is doing the same as the fed does , however what is different between the us and the euroarea is that banks and other financial institutions are not keen to loan money to troubled member states , and there is very good reason for it , troubled states have lost their credibility in the markets , they do n't have a good story to tell about the future . 
  in case you meant why is not the ecb loaning money to member states directly , then let me ask you a question on when is enough enough ? 
  for example lets say the greek state could just loan money from the ecb , what would prevent it from loaning money from it more and more ? 
  where would you draw the line ? 
  except that there where no free school lunches in greece before the crisis . 
  not to mention that the greek state still has money , if it or its citizens would want to provide free school lunches then they could very easily cut some expenses from other state expenses and use those monies to provide free school lunches . 
  you do understand that welfare is an internal matter of member states , not something that is competency of eu . 
  it is up to each member state to define how they make their societies function , what services they will provide and how will they pay for them . 
  in this case you should guide your anger against the greek state and also against the citizens too on not addressing this issue before . 
  well , you want to remove the moral hazard . 
  for crying out loud , huge number of italians just voted berlusconi and another populist , it is no wonder that the market does n't truest them , neither should eu . 
  the only way to make sure countries do n't play their own games and put the bill to to others is to make sure that there is high enough incentives to not ask help . 
   i agree once again , but the transition from an oversized public sector to a more private-driven one can not be made in one year or two years , it takes much longer than that . 
  the reduction of corruption in the crisis countries will also take time . 
  in private sector companies either restructure until they start to grow again or they die . 
  that is the name of the game and there is no reason why public sector workers should be shielded from this . 
  how is it possible that organization and workers in private sector can be flexible and make changes when in the public sector it is more or less impossible ? 
   i also find it funny that you agree with austerity and you talk about exports , since most eurozone economies are doing austerity at the same time , which is somewhat self defeating since eurozone members are major trading partners between themselves , so the option of an export-driven recovery is thrown out the window there is the rest of the world out there . 
  global economy grew in 2010 4.9 % and in 2011 3.7 % . 
  for example from finnish exports approx 50 % goes outside the eu . 
  the only acceptable way on how the ecb and the eu can pick up the tap is to make rules on putting countries on administration . 
  when for example country goes to receivership it will loose eu voting rights , it will loose budgetary control and part of its legislative authority , if it chooses retrieve help from the ecb and the eu . 
  austerity when done right cuts down public sector expenses and private consumption if the aim is rely on export driven economic re-bounce , while in the same time returning capital back to private sector and over all making it more lucrative for private sector to invest . 
  the thing with most crisis stricken countries is that their public sectors have failed them massively . 
  either they have shown to make massive failed investments , have spread corruption everywhere or paralyzed economies with bureaucracy and unneeded regulation .
