  so it is first going for a cup of coffee and some salty , then to art museum which after dinner and later few drinks in a small and moody intimate bar . 
  most european nations in the last century have lost more land and have had to relocate more people than in israel-arab conflict . 
  by the way , south is not the only `` chilled out '' place . 
  finland resembles germany in `` efficient '' culture , but thanks to having more pragmatism orientated culture is much more flexible than many other countries that are in my opinion quite rigid . 
  southern europe fails if it does n't embrace market capitalism . 
  other parts in europe have experienced similar or even worse hardships and they have moved on and become successful again by embracing capitalism . 
  first of all canada is not situated in europe , that is a major hurdle . 
  opening up membership for countries not situated in europe would open up doors for all third world countries to apply membership , and denying them membership negotiation when canada was taken as member would lead to call for racism . 
  not going to happen . 
  secondly canada joining the eu would lead to escalation of relationship with the usa . 
  us has stated publicly that it is and will be unchallenged military power . 
  eu is already seen as potential challenger of us hegemony in washington and canada/quebec joining it would be a slap on the face as the western hemisphere belongs to us area of influence . 
  in case of norway/switzerland option , this could be workable , but canada would need to first get the fta pact done . 
  [ risto ryti ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/risto_ryti ) was the fifth president of finland , from 1940 to 1944 . 
  ryti started his career as a politician in the field of economics and as a political background figure during the interwar period . 
  he made a wide range of international contacts in the world of banking and within the framework of the league of nations . 
  ryti served as prime minister during the winter war and the interim peace . 
  later he served as president during the continuation war . 
  after the war , ryti was the main defendant in the finnish war-responsibility trials . 
  and after greece there are ireland and portugal , and after them there are spain and italy ... are you going to just shrug your shoulders and say that if we ca n't handle them then we should just disband altogether ? 
  how about germany , if germany would be in trouble , who could pay that ? 
  the fact of the matter that throwing money away is a never ending path that leads only to more and more money being burned . 
  in case of agricultural subsidies , yes they are expensive and should be canceled , but guess what , that money belongs to european taxpayers , not to states . 
  as a european taxpayer , i have to say i 'm not ready to see not a single euro going more to states , what european states need to do is to tear down themselves if they do n't have financial base to support them . 
   troika covers all social spending that is crazy expensive . 
   eu can pay off greeces debt easily , just cut agricultural subsidies , especially for sugar and meat again , expensive !, 
  what you are saying is that there should be huge transfer of wealth from well doing eu countries to less well doing states . 
  the problem with this is that there is no logical end to it . 
  there would have been no revolution that riot police could n't have handled . 
  it is better to adjust now than to wait until the situation is so bad that even more drastic measures are need in order to save the economy . 
  they should have cut so much that instead of increasing taxes , they could have lowered them . 
  that would have satisfied markets . 
  if the finances of country are in trouble then what the state needs to do is to cut down bureaucracy and privatize state functions . 
  do remember that taxes do n't generate new value , value is generated by the private sector , not by the state . 
  the eu commission has given blind eye to sweden in regards of joining the eurozone as when sweden joined the eu , eurozone was n't still formed and not all details were solved . 
  however when old eastern block countries joined the eu , eurozone had already been created and was functioning . 
  after the current crisis is over i have no doubt that the commission will take a hard-line against countries not fulfilling their treaty obligations . 
  ukraine and belarus produce both commodities and goods that compete with each others . 
  when eu and ukraine will ratify accession agreement , ukrainian exports to eu will have lower import tariff than belarus , this means that ukrainian products either become cheaper or ukrainian manufacturers get bigger margin . 
  either way exporters in belarus will either loose markets or have to settle for lower margins . 
  the eu accession treaty already obligates poland to join the euro as soon as it full-fills criteria to join . 
  the decision was made long ago , it is now for poland to make good up on the promises made in the accession treaty . 
  signing / ratifying association agreement with ukraine will hurt economy of belarus and moldova as ukrainian exports to the eu become more competitive due to trade agreement , thus aiding regime change in belarus and political reforms in moldova . 
  another thing to note is that by having association agreement with ukraine , russian influence will decrease in ukraine , which is another benefit too . 
  the problem with moldova that many other poor countries also face that they are n't lucrative or even competitive destinations to outsource services or manufacturing . 
  ukraine , belarus and moldova would be excellent places to move manufacturing and assembly , but unfortunately due to mix of corruption , lack of rule of law , inefficient state bureaucracy etc. . . investments are not happening . 
  i 'm going to just say fuck off to you . 
  clearly it is waste of my time to talk to you because you clearly do n't have any intend to discuss nor maybe even intelligence for it . 
  please take your mein kampf to your arse and keep it there . 
  the problem with your reply is that you go out and equate my dislike of multiculturalism and demand of having one culture in a country to opinions expressed by mr. hitler in mein kampf . 
  you do understand that with that kind of hardline opinions you are only going to segregate yourself and your opinion . 
  colour of skin , gender or sexual preferences are things that you ca n't decide by yourself , however culture , values and beliefs are something that you can decide . 
  it is wrong to discriminate based on something that you do n't have any control , but it is not wrong to discriminate based on choices that you have made . 
  i for example would never hire religiously devoted , racist , homophobic or misogynistic , those are all value choices that individual has made . 
  i myself am against multiculturalism , there is one culture in finland and that is finnish . 
  if one wants to be finnish i do n't have nothing to say against that , you i have everything against people who do n't participate to our society and share our culture . 
  if you do n't want to be finnish , then you have the freedom to go back where you came from . 
  simple deal . 
  rebranding racism to involve everything will only water it down until people just shrug it off . 
  this is already starting to show when some people and politicians start their sentence `` if it makes me racists that [ insert something ] then i 'm '' ... 
  more or less the same case as in the 80s in finland . 
  small savings banks gave out huge loans , some due to incompetence , but many more because person a knew person b and they had business partner c. fun times . 
  the exception would be opt-out from common fisheries policy , but i do n't imagine that the eu would allow this . 
  on the other hand i do n't think that icelanders would want to ever join eu as long as we have current fisheries policy which should be drastically changed . 
  i have been offered work from other nordic countries , germany and uk . 
  i have n't bothered to move , things are good in helsinki . 
  the only thing that works is greed . 
  greed , for lack of a better word , is good . 
  greed is right , greed works . 
  greed clarifies , cuts through , and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit . 
  greed , in all of its forms ; greed for life , for money , for love , knowledge has marked the upward surge of mankind . 
  because group of students can make something happen that huge multinational billion dollar corporations such as toyota and volkswagen ca n't ? 
  is that arrogance or is that realism ? 
   this poster is not very old . 
  we do provide language courses and there is something called instegsjobb which is there to make it easier for specifically refugees to get jobs and to function in society . 
  sd were against this because they thought it was discriminating to swedes . 
  we do n't want assimilation , we want them to be a part of our society , whatever their religious beliefs , native language ( as long as they learn our 's ) and customs is none of my business . 
  also we do n't have free immigration , a majority of people who seek asylum are denied . 
  no offence but state provided or subsidized jobs worsen the problem , not fix it . 
  if the economy needs engineers , business majors , doctors , lawyers , researchers , etc. . then you need those people , not people without education . 
  you also has to take into account that for almost any profession , you need a vocational degree which take 2-3 years time to study when you already have basic education . 
  you only set immigrants to fail if you do n't understand this . 
   i think in most of the cultures in the world it is expected to get a job , as higher education is n't available for the majority of the people in some parts of the world . 
  what cultural values are we talking about ? 
  gender equality and individual freedom ? 
  gender equality is still a problem in our current society . 
  men still go around and use sex-related insults . 
  women 's salary are still lower than men 's salary . 
  there has been no pm in sweden who has been a woman ( however i think our current government has more female ministers than male ministers ) . 
  sd who claim to be protecting women 's rights from muslims and immigrants in general are dominated by men . 
  there big differences between countries . 
  you make it sound like that there is no difference between saudi-arabia and sweden . 
  in reality there is . 
  in reality there are huge differences between cultures in case of individual freedom and gender equality . 
  for crying out loud we did n't know term honour killing before there was immigration from middle-eastern countries that put much more emphasis on honour and family than individual centric western cultures . 
   individual freedom as we see it today is also something relatively new to the west , especially gay rights . 
  also our individual freedom is n't something we can take granted for just because `` it 's our culture '' . 
  new laws are every now and then trying to be passed regarding surveillance and wiretapping . 
  also you do n't seem to be a big fan of individual freedom because you want everybody in finland to become finnish and to abandon their own culture in favor of your 's . 
  you are very ignorant of your own cultural history .
