  it is branch of laiki bank which is under bank guarantee provided by cypriot state , not by the british state . 
  essentially while laiki has offices in london , in reality the money is in cyprus ... bank of cyprus also operates in uk , but they actually have an uk subsidiary that operates as uk bank and is regulated by fsa and guaranteed by fscs . 
  so when the branch of laiki bank is moved under the boc subsidiary in uk , what happens is that money moves from cyprus to uk . 
  that money is now away from the deposits of laiki , and thus the rest of the depositors of laiki who still have their money in cyprus will get even less money back than they were supposed to as the cypriot state needs to cover 5.8 billion euro from deposits to qualify for the imf/ez loan package . 
  it would have been crazy for germany and france to go along with this . 
  first of all , it will be the british who will be in charge of making end reports out this , thus they are in the position to format them toward position suitable to them . 
  secondly , if germany and france would have contributed to these reports , then they could have used these reports as position statements and attacked directly against german and french positions . 
  there was zero possibility of france and germany going along with this , but this of course known by the british govermeant from the get go . 
  what they tried to do , but failed to do was to rally smaller member states behind them and use them as an leverage to renegotiate british eu membership alongside the small countries . 
  i have to say that this was bloody stupid move from the part of the british govermeant , it seems that they really do n't get what the eu is and why other countries than france and germany are on-board of it . 
  24 % vat up here in the north . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how is this possible ? 
  who gave the authorization for this ? 
  both barbados and switzerland have very high ranking on corruption perceptions index , however that does n't mean that in both of these countries there would n't be culture of tax evasion and tax fraud . 
  in some exchanges that i have had with few swiss , it has seemed that they have almost been proud to enable foreign citizens to escape their taxes . 
  perception on corruption is impacted highly on what is deemed right and wrong . 
  not to mention that as an eu taxpayer i 'm funding of these bailouts and what i want to know is that everything is done to make sure that things are put right . 
  might be heavy handed to straight out occupy the country , but at the end of the day , there has been so much lawlessness been going around in the cyprus banking sector that the only way to root out criminal elements and corruption in it is to shut it down and put the people behind them to life on prison ... life on prison is actually something that the americans have worked right , if you make major fraud in the us and get caught , you will be behind the bars for the rest of your life . 
  acta is something that is actually needed . 
  the bad thing about acta was the secrecy that on how it was worked out and some of its most zealous dimensions . 
  you know these things make me hope that the eu would have both military and investigative powers . 
  in the case of cyprus what would need to be done is to occupy the whole island , storm banks , storm political parties , arrest all current and ex-politicians , put out an international man hunt for any fugitives and root out the corruption once and for all . 
   as a long time eu federalist , i support this move if the eurogroup does n't acknowledge their mistakes now that things are becoming more clear . 
  it goes without saying that cyprus could have avoided all of this if they had acted sooner , but this treatment was just a bit harsh , and likely illegal overall . 
  illegal ??? 
  how ??? 
  are you saying that it is illegal to not loan money without conditions ? 
   p.s. 
  still not hearing anything about an `` economic kickstarter plan '' or similar . 
  we will need to get people working again asap . 
  people having jobs will be more important than purchasing power in the short term . 
  does n't matter what 1 euro can buy you if you do n't have any . 
  it 'll also ` force ' people to buy local and likely fix the import/export imbalance ( ~ 8:1 ) way faster . 
  if it makes you feel any better , consider the new currency to be printable food stamps in the beginning . 
  a bit like this if you prefer there wo n't be any plan , because there is no eu institution and nothing in the eu treaties to cover this . 
  the only institution there is the european investment bank , but again they have their own mandate and own rules on which basis they will give loans for investments . 
  and there is no hope that the situation would change any time sooner , for something like this to happen there needs to be eu treaty changes that take years or even decades , not to mention all this would need to be financed by the ecb and not by member states , thus treaty negotiations could take multiple decades . 
   the federalist in me hopes that they make an actual plan to do exactly this and mean it with a hope that at the last minute the eurozone will decide it 's better to stop it from happening by changing their crisis policies in general . 
  not just a bluff , obviously , but actually do it if nobody blinks . 
  it 's 50/50 , but are we going to wait until a bigger country has problems to see what happens ? 
  it really is in nobody 's interests for any country to leave the eurozone right now , but cyprus may have nothing to lose if i 'm reading the numbers right ( btw - i 'm an austerity supporter in the context of not spending more than you have ) . 
  the only thing that the eurogroup can do is to loan more money , but this will only by one or two years worth of time , before these loans and loans before them have to restructured in order to prevent uncontrollable default . 
   it 's not within the government 's hands at all . 
  that luxury was deemed unsustainable way before the crisis . 
  it is strange that free school lunch is regarded as luxury , maybe that is part of the problem . 
  when you start from the idea that something will cost a lot then it will . 
  in finland the state legislated the law regarding free school lunches in the middle of the second world war and at that time this country was poor and mainly agrarian society . 
   when in a state of extreme austerity that has practically destroyed public healthcare , dramatically lowered quality of life ( i am talking about significant decrease of life expectancy ) , that 's more of a fantasy . 
  maybe so , but you have to make creative steps that have positive system wide effects . 
  for example when finland in the beginning of 90s had its own banking and economic crisis , the state made such creative things as making large increase to student benefits - the idea was that by increasing student benefits , more young people would opt to study than to be unemployed , this was better for the state because unemployment benefits were higher than student benefits , thus the state could decrease its expenditure while it created future opportunities for young people ... 
  the same kind of idea was behind entrepreneur benefits or start-up money , the state noted that it could decrease benefits spending if it paid people the basic amount of benefits for the first 6 months of starting your own business : while many would fail and become unemployed again , some would succeed and some would even hire new people , and thus state would decrease its spending . 
  of course every situation is different , but in every situation almost in every time creating thinking helps . 
  and again , it helps you if you take a system wide view on these things . 
  that is the way out of this crisis . 
  finnish govermeant , sponsored by halti . 
  edit : also , watch made by suunto . 
  you have to take a systematic perspective to this . 
  yes , it does cost money for the state to provide it , but because of economies of scale the govermeant can provide school meals more cheaply than it would be for parents to provide them . 
  meaning that even when the state taxes more to cover the cost , parents still have more money at their disposal at the end of the day . 
  and yes , it is a big problem . 
  i have read from many accounts that some children are constantly hungry and are running on such short energies that they ca n't participate on sport activities . 
  that does n't contribute on producing an equal school environment . 
  not to mention that having hungry kids produces angry youths . 
  but this was just one example . 
  greece has become a humanitarian crisis , because the greeks have let it become one . 
  for example in greece school children do n't have lunch at school , their parents are expected to provide the kids one . 
  this is very inefficient , costly and even before the financial crisis some kids did n't have food during the day and hardly at evening . 
  greek voluntary organizations of course have tried to help by providing packaged food items to poor children , but this again is inefficient and very costly . 
  what the greeks should do to solve this problem and in doing so saving money is to provide free school lunches . 
  in finland a school lunch costs approx 2.95 e including all associated costs , raw materials forming around 1e and wages forming the rest - thus in greece this would be much more cheaper to do ... 
  however this again is something that the greeks themselves should understand to do . 
  it is strange that even in the good times the greek state nor other public organizations have n't done nothing to achieve this . 
  sounds like that we are in a right track . 
  we do n't have no use for tax evaders and money launderers nor their accomplishes . 
  oh really ... [ spain formally requested $ 39.5 bn of european funds to recapitalise its struggling banks , while its prime minister held back from ruling out a bail-out for the state also . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9719875/spain-requests-39.5bn-bank-bail-out-but-no-state-rescue.html ), 
   he finally wanted to show a firm refusal of austerity in europe . 
  `` today prolong austerity , it is may not lead to lower deficits and the certainty of having unpopular governments which populists will bite at the appropriate time '' , he said before concluding : `` being in austerity , it is condemning europe to the explosion . '', 
  but what then ? 
  so the target is having lower deficits , but the austerity is not the option go , then what is left logically ? 
  is he suggesting that there ... * should be wealth transfers , but that would n't help france at all , it would make things worse for france because it would be definitely in the paying side . 
  * should be some printing of money by the ecb and handing it down to the member states , that really is n't an option because it is restricted by treaties , not to mention that it would be a hidden wealth transfers from savers to states . 
  * should be some printing of money by the ecb and throwing at the markets , blindly . 
  but the problem with this is that it will only fuel another bubble eventually . 
  so , what is he proposing , i would be interested to know . 
  have you noticed that there is this thing called world outside europe ? 
   belgium must decide whether it is part of northern or southern europe , '' said jo libeer , the head of the business chamber in flanders , the country 's wealthy northern region that has an ageing population and a growing mismatch between workers ' skills and the jobs on offer . 
  in the last few days it has grown on me that we perhaps should n't be using terms such as north and south so easily and in everyplace . 
  south is not and should not be synonym to bad management or bad handling of economy . 
  [ what happened ... ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=germany%2c+uk%2c+france%2c+sweden%2c+finland+gdp+growth ), 
  fortunate ? 
  fortune has nothing to do with it . 
  both germany and france during the 00s made structural changes , especially germany , and because they made those changes and did n't wait for the end to come , the markets did n't push their interest rates sky high . 
  they had political leadership with a sound plan to get back on track . 
  and about finland , last time the finnish economy crashed it was in the beginning of 90s and that was bad time in all of the developed world . 
  economy began to grow again during the later half of the 90s , largely thanks to the internet and telecommunication booms . 
  the recovery was made largely thanks to increased sophistication and specialization of finnish industries . 
  so , essentially north europe needs to give money to south so that it can continue doing what it has always done ... 
  does n't sound that good .
