  maybe if the money was used elsewhere in the economy , more people would have been employed now and in the future than on spending it on mines that will be nevertheless be closed . 
  and in case of miners , it is not just sons and daughters of miners that need re-educated , the miners themselves need to do that also . 
  they also need to accept that they may never get another job that pays as well or matches the manly image of a miner . 
  they need to accept what comes to them . 
  of course people do n't accept that they need to change , but at the end of the day the fact stands that they have to change . 
  if the people pressure the state subsidize what they are doing , what is going to happen that money will be wasted and still people have to change . 
  a better way to deal with these kind of issues is to maintain a no bailout policy . 
  if a company or industry goes under , then it goes under . 
  this will put pressure to unions and employees to keep their salaries and benefits in a sustainable level . 
  it will also force municipalities to actively work to diversify their industrial and business bases . 
  and in case where there is real big industry transformation that the local economy just ca n't absorb , then the state enters and helps out people to re-educate or re-locate . 
  this will bring the greatest benefits to both the people and the economy in overall . 
  you did n't say in your question would you want to found a limited company or some other form of company . 
  i think this is more or less crucial as a programmer what you definitely need is a limited company to make sure that you can shield yourself from any misfortune that could happen to a company . 
  i myself would n't see any point of going all the hassle to found a company outside my home country . 
  first of all your customers may think that it is somehow shady . 
  second of all your own tax administration can deem that you are circumventing taxes and create all kinds of legal trouble . 
  that said , few of my friends have founded their companies in estonia . 
  founding of a company is easy and as long as you are not taking money out of it , taxes are light . 
  of course again , it is a little bit easier to go from finland to estonia to settle something than it is to travel from austria . 
  another thing i would like to say as an ex-entrepreneur that if you have any serious money involved in the company , hire an accountant . 
  at least in here it really does n't cost that much and you can concentrate on your core business . 
  upvote for you because in the matter of illegal immigrants and border control , the european union has dropped the ball and some member states like greece has to carry more burden than other states . 
  in my opinion we should have a common agency to deal with illegal immigrants and a common agency to guard borders . 
  this way all member states would contribute to guarding of external borders and no member state would have to carry more be burdened than others . 
  and that is relevant because of what ? 
  the fact of the matter is that russian elites and state officials are corrupted as hell . 
  they steal and cheat enourmous amounts of money from state and the people . 
  in my honest opinion it is immoral for europeans to close our eyes from this injustice . 
  the least we can do is to make sure that people who have committed crimes are n't able to enjoy their illegal gains in europe nor anywhere else where the european sphere of influence reach . 
  if we do n't then russian officials will continue their corrupted ways . 
  have to add that i actually believe that italy and italians can change . 
  when i was in a holiday in rome , they had electronic payment devices everywhere and you got receipts from everywhere , this essentially means that entrepreneurs ca n't cheat in their sales . 
  of course rome is global metropolis so maybe it is not a good indicator , but anyway ... what i think will be critical for italy to earn confidence of markets is to do the hard system changing things : labour market liberalization and pension reform . 
  to my knowledge these reforms have n't been done to this day . 
  of course after these there are still many things that the italian economy needs , like decreasing usage of oil and gas and replacing them with domestically produced energy . 
  italy for example does n't have any working nuclear power plants . 
  in finland the state has underlined that decreasing foreign imports is a priority number one thing to achieve a balance in trade : we have trade deficit largely thanks to imported energy , mainly oil and gas . 
  big problem with this is that already too many illegal immigrants and legal immigrants are unemployable . 
  they do n't have degrees and even if they have , their degrees probably are n't recognized . 
  and they do n't know the language . 
  for example in finland if you want to work in a kitchen you have to have a vocational degree with food safety certificate . 
  to drive a bus or truck you need specific drivers licenses . 
  being a helper in construction yard could be one thing to do , but even now there is n't much building going up . 
  then there is the thing that creating an ever growing underclass of people is n't wise in long term and certainly it is n't ethical . 
  in my honest opinion european countries should be even more strict against illegal immigration , but in the same time ease up immigration for people with desired skills and know-how and willingness to become part of the society . 
  the european union mainly tries to develop countries near it via [ association agreements ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement ) where a country in question gets low or tariff free trade with the eu in exchange commitments to political , economic , trade , or human rights reforms . 
  this is n't necessarily pressure from the eu , but many countries out side of it have big internal pressure to get the gains associated with it . 
  sweden = gays finland = violent alcoholics, 
  is that really so or is that just poor self-esteem problem manifesting itself out ? 
  this article sounds more like an anti-western piece : if something is wrong in the world , it is the fault of westerners . 
  the same old record just keeps playing again and again ... 
  so what is it this time ... westerners are nazis because they are anti-racists ? 
  ... yeah , right . 
  state restructuring has been fraught with difficulties because local people have n't been the ones doing it . 
  it is totally wrong to send envoys to say how things should be run , does n't work , even if you find a real cure , you wo n't be able to sell it to locals because they doubt you . 
  however say that we had this system in place back in 2008 . 
  the greek state would have defaulted and the ecb would have had to europeanize few dozens of banks in worst case , that would have been the end of the european crisis . 
  in greece the crisis would continue , but it would be the greeks who would prioritize on where the money that the state still has will go , and in what amounts . 
  are you going to pay more to the army , and less to unemployed single parent , or the other way . 
  that would be internal decisions of the greeks . 
  after the crisis would have stabilized , the greeks would have to decide on how much debt they want to pay back ... * you can either not pay it back , and wo n't get another loan in few decades * you can pay back some of it to ensure that pensions funds and few rich people get at least some of it back . 
  what ever the choices would be , they would be greek choices . 
  what should be done is to set up an banking regulator with endless backing from the ecb to make sure that european financial system functions at any condition . 
  after this has been achieved , states could freely default and restructure their debts without taking down the financial system and the private sector with them . 
  i already [ replied to you ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/w3c5e/ecb_death_wish/c5a32bq ) in another thread about this . 
  you more or less refer to richard koo 's article . 
  there is already [ an article ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2012/07/euro-crisis-0 ) that counters many points of it . 
  to quote from it ...  the periphery could have gained massively , however , by taking the concept of a balance-sheet recession to heart itself . 
  after all , the opposite of a balance-sheet recession is ( obviously ) a credit-fueled asset boom . 
  and if a balance-sheet recession requires the government to step in with fiscal stimulus , the opposite naturally requires the government to step in to contain an overheating economy -- especially in a monetary union !, 
  in addition to a highly restrictive fiscal policy with massive surpluses , macroprudential tools in banking and real estate are further policy options . 
  is that really so ? 
  there is quite much genuine concern that bad decisions are being made due to pressure to ensure that the european and global financial system does n't meltdown . 
  for example the proposed banking union still leaves lots of unanswered questions , currently it seems that member states get to keep benefits from their financial sectors while risks are europeanized . 
  surely that is n't what is wanted . 
  another thing to note is that what the finnish state and politicians have to take into consideration is having a nightmare scenario of bailed out countries one by one defaulting either permanently or temporarily . 
  this can in a worst possible event also risk liquidity of the finnish state , forcing the state either to default or run emergency austerity measures like what we have seen in the baltics . 
  if we go back to what mrs. urpilainen said , she said that it is better to leave euro than end up paying up the debts of other countries . 
  to me that sounds about right . 
  those who use the money also have to carry their risks . 
  if risks and their consequences want to be pooled together with other countries , then there also needs to be pooling of decision making and execution power . 
  this is cheap politics . 
  rato was president of bankia from december 2010 until bankruptcy . 
  the problems bankia had were hatched long time ago before the financial crisis . 
  are we sure we are n't forgetting the work that was made in both germany and finland to reorganize and reinvent themselves in the 00s ? 
  and also what has happened in the global economy ? 
  for example in finland during 02 and 03 many machine shops and investment goods companies were suffering due to appreciating euro . 
  having the [ euro/dollar rate ] ( http://bit.ly/mnbm0p ) being in 1.3 was killing exports for these firms . 
  many firms made reorganizations , like w\u00e4rtsil\u00e4 which shutdown their factory in turku and moved production to trieste . 
  while things were challenging in 04 and 05 , things balanced out and exports rebounded . 
  now in the same time eu removed quota restrictions on textiles and clothing . 
  this was because of earlier agreement made in the wto . 
  in 2005 textile and cloth imports from china grew over 40 % because of removal of trade restrictions . 
  this more or less killed most textile and clothing manufacturers in southern europe that had n't prepared to chinese importers . 
  maybe what we should be asking is that why german and finnish manufacturing sectors could rebound , but textile sectors in south could n't ? 
  and how much reinventing was done in germany and finland , and was there reinventing missing from south , and if so , for why ? 
  fuck , my 12 months euribor loan was just rechecked . 
  should have taken that 3 or 6 month euribor ... stupid , stupid , stupid !!, 
  lets start from the 250 $ apartment that includes heating and water .
