  the european central bank needs an office where to work . 
  if you do n't have a good and functioning office where to work , then your productivity will not be as good as it could be . 
  it is for the benefit for everybody that key institutions of our societies have adequate working spaces . 
  not to mention that european countries spend enormous amounts of money to social welfare and making sure that everybody have equal opportunity . 
  the fact is that inequality is more or less tackled especially in nordic and central european countries . 
  the unfortunate fact is that not all people are capable on taking opportunities offered by the society or they do not want to make the effort . 
  i for example work in an it consultancy and while somebody could think that i have easy life with high salary , the truth is that i am constantly running to a next goal , learning the next thing , living in continuous uncertainty about my work situation and career as business environment and technology continue to evolve with a fast pace . 
  i accept that this is how it is and just work and do my best under the situation . 
  however i have a feeling that many people have an illusion that life should be easy , they do n't want to work hard nor see a point of working hard . 
  if you have people who are not willing to make an effort , there is not much that a society can do for these people . 
  i have to hand it to you , the russian trolls factory it seems can work tirelessly . 
  but tell me , are you really a-okey with you being part of the coming collapse of russia ? 
  it is people like you that enable chechen 's do to what ever they want in russia . 
   the niip position is an important barometer of a nation 's financial condition and creditworthiness . 
  two metrics used to assess the niip 's size in relation to the economy 's size are the ratio of niip to gdp and the ratio of niip to the economy 's total financial assets , both expressed as a percentage . . niip tells about history on what has happened . 
  countries such as spain has had lots of investment made to them , that is why they have negative niip position , however due to their current account surplus they are decreasing their niip all the time . 
  negative net international investment ... do you know what that means ? 
  it means that companies and investors of these countries are investing more money outside the country than is invested to their countries . 
  that is normal for all developed and prosperous economies ... let me refresh you again about what is the level of prosperity and productivity ... gdp ( nominal ) per capita * ireland , 48,608 usd * italy , 34,715 usd * spain , 29,150 usd in case of high unemployment , thanks to these countries being so rich , unemployed in greece or spain have much better life than working people in russia , not only because spain had the gdp per capita double of russia , but also because the russian oligarchy steels most of the monies generated by oil and gas revenues . 
       nato does about 2/3 of worldwide military spending . 
  more is unnecessary . 
  the problem is the practical issues of coordinating 27 small to medium european armies . 
  americans beg to differ with that . 
  in the 2011 libyan intervention , the french and the brits had to ask for nato to supply them more missiles and bombs because they were running out of them . 
  it seems that the russian troll factories have limited knowledge of the economy . 
  must be because of communism . 
  spain , ireland and italy have n't received anything from the ecb . 
  ecb does n't buy bond directly from states , their rules deny that . 
  secondly any issuing of debt bought by foreign entities shows up in the current account balance as a negative contributions . 
  thus when spain has positive current account balance it really means that the country is earning more money than it is using . 
  in case of greece , the country had in 2009 current account deficit of over 15 % , now it the current account is more or less in balance . 
  now does that mean that the economy is healthy , no , what is means that the country is n't anymore bleeding money out . 
  in time the greek economy will become better when they get rid of the current leadership . 
       also , i do not see the us risking the continued survival of the american people for the sake of avenging the nuclear wasteland formerly known as helsinki . 
  with that kind of attitude you should join as a member of the united russia party and start to study your russian language lessons . 
  it is your own fault . 
  you let putin to happen . 
  you are an enemy nation until you hang him and wipe the siloviks from the face of earth . 
  russia is not going to use nuclear weapons because that would mean the end of the russian people instead end of regime in kremlin . 
  any russian nuclear commander knows that and they are not going to sacrifice russian people for leaders that are more than willing to sell their people to chechen 's and chinese . 
  first of all the eu budget is tiny compared to the total size of the eu economy . 
  secondly italy and ireland are net-contributors to the eu while traditional net-recipients such as spain have seen their share of to shrink , for example based on 2009 data , spain received just 444 million eur more than from the eu that it contributed . 
  that is a tiny fraction from the spanish current account surplus . 
  you fail . 
  my point is that we can win it and we should have capability to win it even without the us help . 
  this is the best medicine to keep little green men far away from european countries . 
  the hornets that finland now uses cost around 3,16 billion eur . 
  the difference between now and then is that finland is much more richer country than it was in the beginning of 90s when the decision was made to buy hornets . 
  in case of can we afford to it , lets put it likes this ... our gdp is 276 billion dollars , if we raise our defense spending by 0.5 % , thus matching nato baseline target of 2 % , that will mean additional spending of 1.38 billion usd for defense per year . 
  we can afford them . 
  old warsaw pact defense plans envisioned that nato attack would be stopped somewhere around belarus . 
  the current russian leadership is so afraid of nato that in their defense exercises with belarus , they relied on using tactical nuclear weapons to stop an attack . 
  do you know what is an current account balance ? 
   the current account consists of the balance of trade , net primary income or factor income ( earnings on foreign investments minus payments made to foreign investors ) and net cash transfers , that have taken place over a given period of time . 
  when you have current account surplus , you are earning more money in total . 
  this is a better indicator of an healthy of the economy than trade account as trade account does n't take into consideration things such as services and dividends from foreign investments . 
   we are buying 37 f-35 's for 4,5 billion euro , that 's not nothing . 
  we have 62 f-18s . 
  with every high likely hood we are going to aim at the same amount of planes when they will be replaced . 
  the reason for this is that anything less than that can endanger our ability to credibly defend our airspace . 
  do remember that we are the only nation besides israel that keeps the identity of our fighter pilots as secret . 
   as much of a redicilous thought that a russian invasion in finland is , striking st. petersburg sounds even more crazy and if it ever got to that stage where it would be necessary there would be no shortage of f-35 's willing to help out i 'm sure . 
  the finnish defense forces already made the order for jassm air-to-ground missile that have reach of over 370km . 
  this means that the finnish fighters can hit targets in st. petersburg and the area around it . 
  bullshit and you know it . 
  it is not only germany that generates profits , countries such as spain , portugal , italy and ireland that were hard hit by the financial crisis have strong current account surplus . 
  eu will not collapse , it will only become stronger year by year . 
  still the biggest in the world with the biggest trade surplus in the world , thank you very much from asking . 
  russia is a third world state akin to iraq before the first gulf war . 
  usa and its allies devastated the country and its infrastructure with near impunity . 
  the same would happen in russia . 
  after the kremlin would fall , ethnic uprising would happen all around the country eating up the last reserves of the russian armed forces . 
  when you have burned country full of ruins it does n't matter who controls the ruins , they can be crushed with ease . 
  there are no other stealth airplanes being sold in the market . 
  eurofighter is adequate plane , rafale and grippen ng less so , but they are a generation older fighters than f-35 and their usability in the coming decades will be under big question mark . 
  in my honest opinion , we need stealth , we need capability to launch strikes against targets in st. petersburg and kola peninsula or even deeper inside russia to make raise the cost of invading finland . 
  yes and that is very wrong from them . 
  we spend around 1.47 % to defense ( 2012 ) , that is still 0.5 % less than nato baseline target of 2 % which itself is very low when you look at historical spending . 
  just keep fooling yourself . 
  the collapse of russia is coming and it will catch you . 
  putin already sold the future of the country to chechen 's and chinese . 
  when the people of russia will wake up to it , they will make their revenge on the leaders and collaborators of them . 
  nato is not a charity organization , even if we would be members of it , we would have the case and need to arm ourself and keep a credible defense . 
  the fact is that if there is a major war , even if part of alliance , our job is to keep up the northern flank . 
  the war itself will be won or lost in the pontic-caspian steppe , our job will be to make sure that we are contributing to victory by tying forces to the northern flank . 
  just making a case that we need to order the f-35s and fast . 
  working for the troll factories is akin on working for der st\u00fcrmer . 
   that sounds too much like russian kind of `` justice '' to me . 
  that is what angry masses of hungry russians will do to the people who betrayed them . 
  when the revolution in russia will happen , i really hope that the masses will also murder any and everyone working for the fsb . 
  that organization needs to be burned to a ground . 
  [ ha ha ha !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rat_bujai70 ), 
  you were in the wrong ground !, 
  you should hanged with more conservative / libertarian minding people . 
  in my circle of friends , if there was not much cheering for bush there was no hate either ... of course that might have something to do with being business and technology students in a university were the business students were the majority ... 
  anyway ... jeb bush for president 2016 !, 
   100 % agreed , but it 's not in the current climate that manufacturing could get set up in greece . 
  that will be essential in any long term solution however . 
  manufacturing companies are not going to invest into greece .
