   something they would n't be able to do today . 
  and just look at the size of the russian air force compared to the finnish . 
  without imports the country would collapse , and i think most people would prefer russian rule to starving to death . 
  mining is easy , that is why it is done . 
  in case of the russia baltic fleet , it is not any more in its former glory , i do n't see how it could prevent finnish from mining the baltic sea . 
  in case of the russian air force , yes it is big , but the thing is that it ca n't be all allocated against finland as it is needed in to defend/guard other parts of russia . 
  not to mention that russian air force does n't have an impressive record , in georgian war they could n't even get air superiority from georgians . 
  in case of blockading the country , this is the reason why for the finnish state the matter of food security has been so important . 
  you see finland is self sufficient in food production and it has large stockpile of not only oil and other needed commodities , but also enough grain etc. . so that whole population can be feed from one harvest to another and have enough seeds for one cultivation . 
  in case of preferring russian rule or starvation , people would still choose starvation if it would come to that as there are no guarantees that the people , way of life , culture and language could n't be destroyed under the russian rule . 
  the defenses i just quickly glanced are public knowledge , the tip of the ice berg because i have heard of much more elaborate schemes to defend the country , but i do n't think that there is any point of discussing these as they are just rumors . 
  in case of defense , yes , it is because russia is so close . 
  for example if there would be a war ... * it would begin from russian strategic attack against helsinki where russians would hit strategic targets like communication infrastructure with missiles which would be followed by landing of airborne troops who would quickly take over large parts of the city and occupy government facilities . 
  thus the finnish aim is to make sure that capital can be retaken . 
  of course modern urban combat would turn large parts of helsinki quickly into ruble and lead into huge civilian casualties . 
  * the strategic attack would be followed by invasion of tank divisions in the eastern finland whose aim would be to take over helsinki and other large centers . 
  the aim would be to prevent finnish from re-capturing helsinki and try to prevent finnish army from handing what ever weaponry left to any one wanting it . 
  in short a russian attack would largely destroy the country and lead to huge losses , but this is understood and more or less accepted as the price to pay for freedom . 
  last time there was a war , the finnish mined the baltic sea to block st. petersburg . 
  in case of destroying industrial centers and anything else importance , that would n't make the country to surrender . 
  not to mention that thanks to upgrades to finnish air force they can also hit land targets in the area of st. petersburg . 
  in case of making the finnish state surrender , only full occupation of the country would do that , but even in that case there is major risk that a big part of the finnish army reservist would n't obey this , but become partisans . 
  what you have to understand that finnish regards independence as the only way to guarantee existence of the finnish people . 
  there are only 5 million of us which makes it possible to ship us to siberia to just die there . 
  thus it is better to fight till the end than to surrender and hope for the best as nothing good could come out of it . 
  the whole country is build so that is can be defended . 
  for example all highway bridges include placements for explosives so that they can easily exploded ; there are huge amount of tunnels underground helsinki that enable defense to entry the city with armored vehicles 50km away and enter all key locations ; there are distributed weapons caches all around the country ; there are highways that act as landing zones for fighters all around the country ; and most of all there are huge amount of reservists and good weaponry for them to turn the whole country to one big stalingrad . 
   all this is fantastic and i am sure a lot of people benefited from eu up until they became financially insolvent , but this does not refute my point that spainiards , greeks , portuguese or cypriots are fucked . 
  ... what european union offered them as solution does not seem to work , in fact it looks like it make things worse ( and i am not even commenting on terms of bailouts , role of european banks and their exposure ) . 
  when spain , portugal and greece joined the union they were already then underdeveloped countries , they really did n't have big manufacturing bases . 
  under the eu spain has probably profited the most , it nowadays does have very diverse industrial base and actually its export industries are at full swing . 
  the problem that spain had was huge housing bubble that disrupted the normal functioning of the market for almost an decade and this war largely thanks to corrupt state officials who gave an blind eye to the problem . 
  greece too had a corruption problem , and in case of portugal , their economy is just too rigid and too entrepreneur hostile , thus they became crisis countries . 
  however we have seen these kinds of crisis come and go . 
  they are normal part of market economy . 
  some times after a strong growth period there is a recession , and sometimes there is deep recession or even a depression . 
  countries go to these faces from time to time . 
  the key to get out of these crisis is to actually restructure economy and make structural changes to it . 
  in finland we had the same kind of situation in the 90s when in the same time trade to ussr collapsed and we had an housing bubble and world wide recession . 
  it took approx 6-7 years for things to stabilize and growth to come back . 
  what the eu has done in crisis countries correct , the problem has more of been that political elite of these countries have n't implemented fast enough or at all needed reforms . 
   again , this model is beneficial to someone who is already stronk and will only make them stronger . 
  rich get richer type of thing . 
  jobs are being created , no doubt about that , but profits are leaving countries and leave a miniscule impact on local economies . 
  and if suddenly this `` trickle down economics '' cease to exist ( as we 've seen on cyprus for example ) , local population is left with what is called `` naked ass '' . 
  good luck surviving without any kind of competitive global product + outstanding debt . 
  cyprus had an economic collapse because they pretended to know what banking is when in real life they were just offering a money laundering site for rich people , they actually did n't know how to do banking , that is why they made very risky investments for example to greek bonds to be able cover their costs . 
  however with greek their risks materialized . 
  what was funny with cyprus and cypriot banks that essentially the banks were bankrupt the moment greece said that they would restructure their debt , however it took almost an year for the cypriot banks to go officially bust ... you know why they did n't go bust before ? 
  the cypriot state committed a fraud and covered the banks until they themselves were on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  what cyprus and cypriots need to do is to concentrate on their other industry segments than banking and start to create conditions for them to grow . 
  you do know that new industry sectors and companies are constantly born . 
  for example mobile gaming is booming in nordics and there is nothing in here that would naturally support it , it just happened because right kind of people were concentrated in large enough numbers to make the industry jump start . 
   i get that you are `` let the market do its thing '' and `` invisible hand of the market '' type of guy , i am unfortunately not as optimistic . 
  in russia free market capitalism means increase of prices every year by a random number ( it used to be double digits ) , just because we can and we are in monopoly/cartel agreement . 
  the old joke of - prices on oil has raised , so we must raise prises on fuel as well !, 
  prices on oil has declined , so we must raise prices on fuel to compensate loss of profit !, 
  prices on oil has not changed , we must raise prices because `` insert any random reason '' . 
  inflation does n't just happen , it is caused by the government and central bank . 
  if you want the inflation to be lower then the state needs to stop pumping money into the economy and start to decrease it by raising interest rates . 
  in eurozone the ecb has just done that , that is why we have very low inflation , however it makes things harder for governments because they need to be more wise on spending their monies . 
   but thats not the point here , what i 've personally witnessed throughout years is that workers on a global scale loose their rights on a yearly basis ... what i am afraid of , is that eventually we will go back to early xx century work environment which was pretty close to slavery and there is enough evidence that we are slowly , but surely walking in that direction . 
  in countries were growth of the population tops growth of the economy you will see increase of poverty . 
  in this sense yes it is true that we have problem , but in countries were economy grows faster than population , things get better . 
  good examples of these countries could be both china and india were your average people have more wealth and prosperity than ever before . 
  all in all the world economy is constantly growing . 
  we are n't globally moving into direction that you describe , but yes , some parts of the world are , but europe , us , china and india are certainly not of these places . 
   i 'm not gon na defend russian laws and policies , caz they are truly retarded , but the idea that south america is gon na be stable for 20-30 years is lil bit funny  some south american countries have very investor friendly environment and political stability that has allowed massive investments into them . 
  for example upm build an pulp mill in fray bentos uruguay , the investment cost them 1.2 billion eur , and you can be sure that the investment was n't made on lightly bases . 
  for pulp mill to start producing profit , it needs to producing day and night for a decade to pay itself off . 
   but back to resources , europe needs energy and raw materials ( to compete with china and u.s ) . 
  ... now imagine there is a trade war between eu and russia , how do you think it will affect european competitiveness ? 
  imagine that china would get even cheaper energy and resources , thus making their products even cheaper ? 
  in global markets commodities have the same price everywhere and for everybody . 
  in this day and age , you do n't have to own or control a resource , what you need to have is something to trade with it , and that is what europe has lots of . 
  in case of russian gas and oil , they are priced by the global markets , they are not cheap for europeans , they do n't bring any competitive advantage to european industries . 
  if in case of trade war between russia and eu , europe would buy its oil from global markets with global prices . 
   lastly , about missile shield and russian nukes , there is this thing in logic - cause and consequence . 
  its really simple , united states decided unilaterally to quit some treaty about anti-ballistic stuff and put their missiles in poland/czezh republic , russia tried to negotiate , relocate , get some guarantees of non-hostility towards russia , we got the middle finger . 
  as a response russia deployed iskander . 
  again , russia reacted , not caused this shitstorm . 
  my point about ukraine in nato remains , russia will invade and occupy eastern part for sure if such event to occur , western and central parts are questionable . 
  we shall see when imf reforms will hit general population to the amount of unrest in south-eastern part of ukraine . 
  you did n't really answer my note about that russia is a threat to european states . 
  you can play tit-for-tat with the us , but if europe is threatened the natural reaction is to do something about that threat , and i have a feeling that in a decade you will have to start to get used to having that 500 million inhabitant federal state as your neighbor that in worse case scenario is pinpointing nuclear missile against you , and be assured that as we have more resources and more money , there will be lot more to pinpoint from here to there , and from there to here . 
  in case of ukraine and imf , the government has subsidized consumer gas prices by 80 % , that really needs to end because it leads to waste of resources and sub optimal usage of resources . 
  yes things will become harder for your average ukrainians , but the market conditions need to be normalized in ukraine for the country 's economy to recover . 
  we have to remember that ex-soviet republics like baltic state did these reforms in the beginning of 90s and that is why they have seen huge economical growth . 
  had to shorten your quotes because otherwise reddit would n't have allowed posting my reply to you . 
   i am indifferent towards european union , i do not think its some devil incarnate nor a heaven for everyone . 
  i do think however , that if you are weak economically and lack vision and desire to improve your country , you might get the rough end of the stick the same way some countries already had a pleasure to experience . 
  ask their citizens if they see future in their respective countries or any prospects of improvement , ask if european union has answers or methods to improve situation there and not leave people to poverty or immigration . 
  i have many friends that come from eastern european countries and they all think that eu has done lots of good for their countries : and this is very understandable as eu is funding everything from motorways to culture , not to mention that due to eu citizens from these countries have had the ability to move all over eu . 
  not to mention that some people , especially romanians see the eu as the only force to repair their countries as their political elite is so corrupted that without outside help no change will ever happen . 
  now if you talked about countries such as portugal , spain , greece and cyprus , these countries are in trouble because they had an economic bubble , however the thing is that without the eu and without eu funds , they would be lot more poorer than they now are . 
  spain for example was almost going to become a net payer thanks to decades of eu funds to help the spanish to build their economy . 
   business opportunities are fantastic , but starting conditions are different ( think civ 5 if u played it ) . 
  germany is strong and it is very hard to compete with them on pretty much anything that they produce with their several centuries old industrial school/tradition ( i am not blaming them , their work ethic is admirable ) . 
  other countries has other strengths , so if you open your market for their products , you can expect for local production to go under . 
  you know what comes next , so if you do not have a plan how to employ millions , perhaps you d better get one first , then execute this plan and theeen join political and economical unions from position of strength , not as banana republic .
