  that is your interpretation . 
  however the fact of the matter is that in troubled countries there are people with wrong values and ideas on how the society and world in general works . 
  or are you saying that corruption is n't bad , that nepotism is n't bad , that fraud is n't bad ? 
  or lets say we look at political life and beliefs in it , in many of the troubled countries there is still huge amount of support for socialism/communism . 
  did n't nobody fax them a memo in 1991 that they lost and that the free world won ? 
   southern europe is good at enjoying life . 
  northern europe is good at making money in a bit of a puritan , bland way . 
  that is nonsense . 
  enjoying life , or lets say it more directly , using/wasting money is not a strength . 
  no , not inferior , but i do believe that people in troubled countries had or still have wrong values and ideas on how the society and world in general works , or how it should work . 
  that is why they are facing economic difficulties . 
   because what you 're engaging in here , is at the end , victim-blaming . 
  where were you deploring the profligacy of the south when german and french banks were buying up city of london and wall street cds 's and financing all kinds of bubbles anywhere they could find them ? 
  the music was playing and nobody cared what anybody does with the money , everyone was chasing a higher yield and nobody wanted to check the fundamentals of economies , because the world seemed so sweet . 
  victim blaming ? 
  no , that what i 'm putting is responsibility to where it belongs . 
  responsibility of loaners is to make sure that they are sure that they can pay it back . 
  responsibility of creditors is to ensure that they loan and invest where they can get their money back . 
  responsibility of bank and other financial institutions regulators is to make sure that the risks that they pose are under acceptable levels . 
  yes , investors and creditors made a mistake on trusting currently troubled countries too much , but then again how many french , german and american banks has the european taxpayer have to bailout ... 0 ... 
  if the french , germans and americans would have thrown their hands up and said , we ca n't deal with this , they would get their share of blame , but that has n't happened . 
  what has happened is that number of european countries have gone essentially bankrupt . 
   when the music stopped ( when goldman sachs initiated a sell-off and broke the market ) , that 's when things got interesting . 
  where were you yelling for the bankruptcy of banks leveraged to the tilt with non-performing loans ? 
  where were you yelling that unsound business practices of said banks were not to be rewarded ? 
  german banks were declared too big to fail - german taxpayers rescued those banks but the political cost of this was the bleeding of the south . 
  not the bleeding of domestic banks ( because that 's against patriotic principles , hurr durr ) but the bleeding of foreign nationals . 
  first of all , for germans it would have been much cheaper option for troubled states to declare defaults than loan money to keep them running . 
  secondly do n't forget that the states themselves wanted to be bailed out , they could have defaulted , but they would have had to implement all austerity measures and more in one day , because they would n't have had money to do anything else . 
   `` our poor banks thought that everything will work out fine , but those lazy southerners ate all our money and gave us their shit in return . '', 
  so the poor banks were rescued with german money - yet the economies that have been growing for the past 10 years under the assumption that access to credit was easy were punished for this assumption . 
  now suddenly their access is gone , and their economies have to undergo austerity - which is , viewed through a modern monetary lense , pure value destruction for the sake of future growth prospects . 
  what happened for example in spain is both public and private sector made investments not based on sound business plans . 
  if the state had actually bothered to do cost-return analysis on public investment projects , most of the motorways , high speed railways and airports would have not been build . 
  for example , do you know how long it took for the finnish state to build motorway between helsinki , capital , to turku , third largest city , for a distance of approx 160km ? 
  the construction started in 1956 and it ended in 2009 . 
  the state simply calculated that they ca n't afford to do it in one leg , instead they have build it decade after decade in shorter spans . 
  the same is true with virtually all infrastructure building up here , the state very carefully calculates what it can afford , and what not . 
  again , it is the responsibility of the loaner to make sure that loans can be paid back . 
   the only rational and moral thing to do here , would be to reform and restructure the economy ( via diktat , for all i care ) , while at the same time ensuring that the people do n't needlessly suffer . 
  it could be done with sufficient pressure at the political class to instigate reform - without having their own constituents protesting in the streets . 
  define what is needlessly to suffer ? 
  do remember that eurozone also includes countries such as estonia and slovakia , anything that is offered to troubled states ca n't be more than their own citizens expect from their state . 
   if the troika said today - we want these specific reforms to be enacted designed to help your economies , and in the same time we will do eurobonds to , in effect , pay off your constituents with direct cash transfers so they let them go through ( which would also sustain demand ) , we would be back on top in no time . 
  however , the corruption of the political class is so heavily engrained that they would rather continue in this vein of playing states against each other , continue with the graft and waste , let unemployment rise to 30 % , stuff their pockets and fuck europe . 
  and the germans ( and finland ) do n't care one way or another , as long as they do n't have to pay another dime . 
  member states of the eu are democracies . 
  people get politicians and leaders that they deserve . 
   ordinary folk on the street had nothing to do with neither excessive borrowing , nor corruption and waste . 
  yet they are the ones left holding the bag for the financial scheming and political manouvering of people who were supposed to be there to make this eu dream come true . 
  as long as things remain like this , there is no future on this continent , and that is a direct insult to the efforts of all our ancestors ( who were dying in droves so we can live the lives we live today ) . 
  ordinary folk on the street have everything to do with it . 
  they voted and elected leaders that they had . 
  they also enjoyed the good times , having higher employment thanks to construction and property bubbles , thanks to state employing more people , paying more generously . 
  nope . 
  ordinary folks have everything to do with this and also everything to do with how to solve this mess . 
   as long as things remain like this , there is no future on this continent , and that is a direct insult to the efforts of all our ancestors ( who were dying in droves so we can live the lives we live today ) . 
  what that even means in this context ? 
   until this shit gets in order , i 'm in favour of printing ( ecb buying eurobonds , whatever ) . 
  i still do n't quite see how greater economic activity in the periphery would drive inflation - but if it does , at this particular stage in history , i 'm not really losing much sleep over it . 
  the problem with this is that it sets up an negative example , in short troubled countries can always trust that the ecb and eu will save them no matter what and no matter what costs , that will encourage politicians and other influence to optimize policies based on short term gains , not long term effects . 
  for crying out loud , one of the reason why there are no eurobonds or mentioning of backing or pooling down debts in treaties forming the eurozone was that it was presumed that states and their bureaucracies would have such a long term perspective in their actions that for the sake of their own survival , they would not engage into self destructive and risky policies that could put their own survival as institutions in doubt . 
  unfortunately we have learned that even state entities can and will engage on dubious , speculative and risky endeavors and policies . 
  the question now is how bad would it all become if there would be free money or guaranteed bailout every time in case a state finances go into trouble ? 
  * how many countries would organize olympic games even thought they ca n't afford it ? 
  * how many countries would commit fraud against investors by cooking books ? 
  * how many motorway and high speed rail project to nowhere there would be ? 
  * how many building and property booms there would be ? 
  how many * how many times banks and other financial institutions would be left without any supervision ? 
  * how many unneeded state workers would be hired ? 
  * how many reforms would not be enacted ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i just do n't have any truest to societies and political actors of troubled countries . 
  they have more or less shown , some more , some less , that they just ca n't be trusted . 
  and that actually is the gist of this whole crisis . 
  money , or the lack of it , is only a symptom , the real disease is that there is no trust and that is what needs to be solved . 
  to solve that there are essentially two ways ... * either troubled states enact major reforms which aim is total renewal of how these societies work and function , and thus in time gain the truest of markets again ... * or we realize that some societies just ca n't be trusted , create a european solution , and forcefully implement it . 
  for example it cypriots are unable to create a [ functioning corporate registry ] ( http://treasureislands.org/what-the-company-registry-in-cyprus-tax-haven-actually-looks-like/ ) then the eu should step in , fire the incompetent people , overrule local legislation if needed , and set up a working system . 
  what people need to understand who want the eu or ecb to intervene and pump money out is that they need to suggest and propose what member states can give out of their sovereignty in return for eu/ecb taking responsibility . 
  if politicians in troubled countries would have done this , we would have constructive dialogue on what to do . 
  creating demand is not a job , it is what happens naturally when people have something valuable to change to another one . 
  currently more and more demand is being created in the developing world , for example in china . 
  in case of race to the bottom , that is not the only option to follow , another is to invest to education and new technology and new industries . 
  if people in the developed world want to keep their standard of living they need to specialize more to knowledge intense industries and services that have world wide demand . 
  of course this has some implications . 
  for example a long continuing world wide trend has been that there are two growing sectors in economies , the low skill low wage sector , and high knowledge and high wages sector . 
  the reason why many people are finding things hard is because there is less and less demand for people in between these two sectors . 
  however that is how things just are naturally thanks to increase of automation and intelligent systems that in fast pace replace people . 
  well , many industries have gone into lots of trouble in troubled countries . 
  for example in spain the construction and property bubble was partly caused by the government having impetus to find alternative work to people who were n't any more employed by for example textile and clothing industries . 
  another good example good be fiat that is in deep troubles , largely thanks to its italian factories having too high wages . 
  not to mention greek shipbuilding industries , deep trouble too . 
  the thing is that manufacturing can be very easily moved to places where workforce is much cheaper than in europe . 
  if german workers and government would have pushed wage increased , then german industries would have just moved their production . 
  wage stagnation in germany is n't artificial . 
  if wages in germany would rise it would lead to german companies moving their production to other countries , either to eastern europe or to south-east asia and china . 
  well the uk economy went into a major recession following the devaluation anyway , not to mention that people and companies that had foreign denominated loans took a great hit with it . 
  on the other hand if interest rates would have been raised even higher , the economy would have taken a temporary hit , but would have rebounded when interest rates would soon have winded down . 
  a year later and a dollar shorter , that is different situation . 
  in case of interest rates , in finland 1 month helibor , the market rate , rose over 25 % in 1991 and 3 month rate near 20 % , 12 month rate went up to 15 % too . 
  no , in my honest opinion , if there would have been political backing , boe could and would have raised interest rates to solve the problem .
