  where are all the tears for the east ? 
  the money in this case comes from the eu budget , the money in the eu budget can only be used under certain terms and rules . 
  how hard it is to understand this ? 
  the eu does n't work like that there is some allowance given to each country and then countries can use that money how ever they wish . 
  there are terms and rules on how the money can be used . 
  in this case greek state wants to use the money in a way that is not compatible with eu terms and rules , thus the eu ca n't give money to this program until it fulfills requirements . 
  that does n't allow greeks to just take money and use it however they wish . 
  that money was given to eu to be used under certain rules and those rules must be followed . 
  if the greeks do n't like this , then they certainly can leave the union , but they are n't doing it because eu , in essence eu tax payers in other union countries , contribute more money to them than they contribute back . 
  sovereignty to use other peoples money ? 
   `` bureaucratic obstacles '' and `` broken eu rules '' are not the same thing . 
  one person ( richelle ) had a different opinio\u03bd , but all other people in the commission do not . 
  also , `` eu taxpayers '' includes all eu taxpayers . 
  commissionaires are politicians , they are not specialist of eu legislation . 
  eu employees people , bureaucrats , who are specialized on on european public administration and legislation . 
  in case where we have a politician against a bureaucrat , then i would put my bets that the bureaucrat is right about the issue , especially if it concern is something legal or allowed . 
   also , `` eu taxpayers '' includes all eu taxpayers . 
  and other eu taxpayers , if you are one , should also be vigilant on usage of money . 
  when you are start bending and breaking rules on usage of money you soon end up to a greek situation where the state virtually ungovernable . 
  if there is a need to use money in a way that breaks current legislation then what is needed is new legislation , not bending and breaking , that will only lead to long term collapse of the system . 
   i 've often see you here finding excuses to engage in an anti-greek rant . 
  as you said ... 
  so it is anti-greek to demand that rules are followed ? 
   this scheme is part of similar schemes across europe , like this one . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/25/us-eu-unemployment-idusbre94o04c20130525 so ? 
  if other countries can follow the terms of the program , should n't same be expected from the greek state ? 
   koos richelle , had informed labor minister yiannis vroutsis that greece would not be able to use cash from its european social fund allocation to fund the program as ** the terms of the scheme were not compatible with the fund 's regulations ** . 
  so the problem in reality is what the greek government plans to do with the money , they should be the ones that to change the terms of the scheme to make it compatible with funds regulation . 
   however , it emerged yesterday that employment , social affairs and inclusion commissioner laszlo andor had contacted his department 's general directorate to ask for the bureaucratic obstacles to be removed so greece , where unemployment is currently just over 27.2 percent , can run the program . 
  in short we have commissionaire that is asking eu rules to be broken . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is fucked up . 
  the commissionaire in question should be put under prosecution if any rules will be bend . 
  the money in question is not eus money , it is money of european tax payers and it is given into eus use under certain terms and rules . 
  if these terms and rules are broken then there should be adequate punishments for that . 
  and the constitution of the ussr guaranteed human rights for all soviet citizens . 
  a constitution is a dead letter if people do n't follow it . 
  in the case of spain and `` republican '' communist forces , people in charge had other objects . 
  if you say that the people were n't communist or had n't any communist ideas , then why did the constitution include ...  ... established legal procedures for the nationalisation of public services and land , banks and railways . 
  the constitution provided generally accorded civil liberties and representation , a major exception being the rights of catholics . 
  so let me see ... we have large scale nationalization going on , we have rights of catholics being trembled ... and then we have [ red terror ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror_%28spain%29 ) in form of dead squads . 
  sounds to be like bunch of typical communists . 
  eh , did you read the text in bold . 
  mother fucking collectivization . 
  that has zero to do with free market and everything do with communism . 
  there is no free market under communism . 
  and what communism is then ? 
  does it belong to the same category as care bears ? 
  buddy , when you are lying down in the bed with the ussr and you are doing nothing to stop vast amounts of collectivization , you are in fact either a communist or a communist sympathizer . 
  we are talking about the government . 
  the government of second spanish republic . 
  they let this happen . 
  not to mention they shipped all the gold reserves to ussr . 
  am i to believe based on this that in actually they were n't communists , but freedom loving capitalists ? 
  does n't sound right to me . 
   the international workers association , formed in 1922 , is an international syndicalist federation of various labour unions from different countries . 
  at its peak , the international workers association represented millions of workers and competed directly for the hearts and minds of the working class with social democratic unions and parties . 
  the spanish confederaci\u00f3n nacional del trabajo a major role in the spanish labour movement . 
  it was also a decisive force in the spanish civil war , ** organizing worker militias and facilitating the collectivization of vast sections of the industrial , logistical , and communications infrastructure , principally in catalonia . 
  ** another spanish anarcho-syndicalist [ dubious -- discuss ] union , the confederacion general del trabajo de espa\u00f1a , is now the fourth largest union in spain and the largest anarchist [ dubious -- discuss ] union with tens of thousands of members . 
  [ 8 ] and you explain this with what ? 
  yeah , right , and the pro-republicans promoted free trade , entrepreneurship , protection of private property and were dead set against nationalization or confiscation of private property ... yeah ... 
  sounds about right . 
  not !, 
  that would be pro-communists . 
   thereby convincingly disproving that nuclear is a cheap and easy way to produce energy . 
  they 'll just raise the price of the electricity afterwards to make up for it . 
  and the state and society still are burdened themselves with all the risks of nuclear energy in exchange for a nominal fee . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  tvo the operator is n't going to pay budget overruns because they have a fixed-price contract . 
  not to mention that nordic countries have a common electricity market with lots of competition , the prices will stay down due to competition . 
  and in case of areva and epr , tvo was the first customer to them , while they are loosing billions in this case , they are earning it back in other parts of world , for example in china where they have sold multiple projects to build these same kind reactors . 
   yes , they 're different , my bad . 
  nevertheless : fennovoima only has a consortium structure , but nevertheless most of the money comes from municipalities . 
  tvo as well : it may be private , but the biggest shareholder is pohjolan voima ... and significant shareholders of pvo are , again , power and energy companies owned by municipalities . 
  `` funded privately '' is a very relative description . 
  just follow the money . 
  i followed the money , you did n't . 
  private companies and pension funds own 79.6 % of the company , two of the largest share holders are upm-kymmene ( finnish paper company ) with 43.07 % and store-enso ( finnish-swedish paper company ) with 14.76 % . 
   most of the difference are taxes , and with or without taxes , finland has prices somewhat below the european average , not remarkably cheaper than elsewhere ... not counting the risks that will , one way or another , be borne by the taxpayer . 
  you did n't do your homework . 
  finnish industry pays 0.075 per kwh , while german industrial users pay 0.124 , italian 0.167 , in the euro area the price is 0.118 and in the eu area 0.111 . 
  you probably can do the math , the price difference is quite vast . 
   yeah , and the titanic ca n't sink . 
  they had a shiny new ship and the best technology available , and everything was under control . 
  guess what happened ? 
  tepco also said they had everything under control in fukushima . 
  guess what happened ? 
  and do n't start with `` nothing really bad happened . 
  these are commercial companies and they have a permanent , vested interest in cutting corners to increase profits . 
  tepco is a state build and mandated monopoly company with state like inefficiencies and incompetent people running the show . 
  private companies understand the value of their property and thus are more vigilant about it . 
  not to mention that titanic was n't state of the art , it was n't made to be unsinkable , that was just a marketing gimmick . 
   or in the form of continued mobility when fossil fuels become more expensive . 
  buddy !, 
  did n't you get the memo , fossil fuels are not becoming more expensive . 
  thanks to new technology , for example us has become net exporter of gas , not to mention that they pump more oil from their ground than never before . 
  the same is true in large parts of the world . 
  the thing in europe is that we do n't have much of our own sources . 
  if you want to make a transfer from fossil fuels , then the only way is to beat them in price , and that is only possible via usage of nuclear . 
  everything else just contributes to increase of global climate change .
