  and to aid in the defense of our country all of our infrastructure , for example bridges are equipped with ready to use hooks to quickly blow them up . 
  our capital is full of underground tunnels that allow our army to enter the city approx 30-50 km away and fight in every key location in case we would be victim of a strategic attack . 
  and hey , this is all public information , there is lots of rumors of even more things that have been planned , but it is quite hard to tell if they are true or legend . 
  in case of moving into a euro army , i really do n't think that we need to take baby steps . 
  if france and germany will their make their minds , then other states will gladly jump to the bandwagon . 
  if not for anything else but because upgrading current armaments are prohibitively expensive . 
  finnish air force has around 60 f/a -18 s that need to be upgraded , if we would replace them with for example eurofighter or f-35 , we would probably end up paying around 6 to 9 billion euros for them . 
  the funny thing of course is that with that investment , in case putin would go crazy , the finnish air forces would last about two to three weeks before they would be out of ammunition , and maybe planes too . 
   get appropriate subsidies towards our military funding no subsidies for you niggas , you need to pay more . 
  finnish army budget is approx 2.7 billion euros in year , that is approx 1.5 % which is n't enough to maintain reasonable defense . 
  if the funding level was at 1.5 % of gdp then you would need to pay 2.45 billion euros per year . 
   in terms of military integration within the union , i think that as long as the irish military maintains full autonomy outside of union operations , then let us integrate , let us cooperate , and let us all train together and normalize our military structures , i do n't see what true bad can come from it . 
  we get to continue our role within the un , we get to maintain our role as peacekeepers , diplomats , negotiators - what have you - and we get to be a bit more present in european affairs . 
  again , no autonomy , where the union goes , you go . 
  effective european army needs to a single fighting unit to be able fight around the european sphere of influence or protect european interest around the globe . 
  in reality this means in european sphere of influence ... * ability to resist and make successful counter-attack against russia , in case putin or anyone of his followers goes bananas . 
  * ability to protect or retaliate against an strategic attack made another world power or power block , like us or china . 
  again we do n't think this would happen , but we really do n't want to wake up someday and find out that europe has been disabled by cyber-attack or electro magnetic pulse weapons . 
  * ability to protect and prevent large land scale invasion of people . 
  again we really do n't think that all fanatics in middle-east would decide to march to europe , but in case they do , we want to send all of them to their maker . 
  another thing to think about is that army is the last protection of organized society . 
  if for example we have global crisis , a comet strike , deadly virus that attacks humans or crops , we need to have strong military that in a time of need can protect us from the total collapse of our civilization and way of life . 
  in case of operations around globe , we need to ... * be able protect our citizens around the globe . 
  if terrorist kidnap our citizens , we need to be able either to tell the local government that if they do n't do something they will face very unpleasant things , or we just send our version of seal team and kill all the terrorists . 
  * be able to retaliate against terrorist organizations and their host governments . 
  think about if we would have our own 9/11 , to prevent it happen again , we would need to be able to strike against the enemy and their host government . 
  either by obliterating them from air via bombs or guided missiles , or make invasion to terminate terrorists and people who protect them . 
  * be able to protect vital european resources in case of global war of resources . 
  if for example global trade would collapse , it would be vital for europe to protect raw material resources around the world . 
  the thing is the world out there is god damn place to be . 
  we have a nice way of living in here , we have found good values that work and to protect them we need serious firepower , that starts from nuclear weapon arsenal to evaporate world few times to millions of men in arms with adequate weapon to turn any battle field to blood field . 
  that is the price of freedom that we need to pay . 
  i do n't visit third world countries . 
  eh ... you can just as easily call it yugoslavian or balkan language if you want to , but the fact is that you all speak the same language and that is [ serbo-croatian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ) language . 
  it is unfeasible for everybody , because it forces all from makers of machinery to content producers to lock their products and services as tightly as possibly . 
  for example in a world without copyright large corporations would sooner or later settle on building totally locked ecosystems , and the locking would start in the deepest layers of hardware , hdmi with hdcp would be child 's play to the locking we would get . 
  i would also give my vote to frankfurt . 
  its skyline is familiar to large numbers of europeans , largely thanks to [ ein fall f\u00fcr zwei ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caymfxnnm04 ) . 
  national coalition party of course !, 
  that is center-right party in finland . 
   what evidence do you have that the 2008 crash had the same influence on all countries on the planet ? 
  hello !? 
  where were you in 2008/2009 ? 
  you did n't take a note of articles telling about slowdown in china , and actually every single developed economy ? 
   if the problem was corruption , then how do you explain ireland for instance ? 
  corruption , fraud , hubris ... 
  in case of ireland largely hubris about their economy being invincible thus not only enabling politicians to make bumbling mistakes in 2009/2010 , but to allow the irish economy to overheat before the crisis . 
   your counter-factual claim here is based on what evidence exactly ? 
   you make a lot of claims but offer little support for them . 
  are you making a claim that there was no problem in greece ? 
  no corruption , no major fraud committed by the state ? 
   except , you know , the 2008 financial crisis , which resulted in huge bailouts for the banks and private and public debt problems . 
  2008 financial crisis was an symmetric shock , it touched all economies from us to china . 
  when we have an asymmetric shock , it touches only some economies while others are left alone . 
  all eurozone states were shocked in 2008 , including germany . 
  the difference since then has been with rebounding of economies , some economies have had a stronger rebounce like germany and others like finland are still in middle of economic and structural renewal . 
  then there are economies like spain and greece were large scale fraud and corruption was found , and in some economies like portugal the crisis has heightened the crisis they were already in before the 2008 crisis started . 
   but these bankruptcies would not be only a function of incompetence and corruption . 
  it would also largely depend on the strength of each economy . 
  you ca n't have a system that always leads to weak economies going bankrupt every few years . 
  that 's insane . 
  this is the equivalent of a rich person saying to the poor `` you do n't really need a social safety net , just work harder and be rich like me ! '' . 
  rich countries such as germany and france can also go bust if they allow fraud and corruption to take too much place , or if their politicians do n't take responsibility and live in a lie . 
  for example greece would n't be in a mess that it is now if people a decade ago would have said , you know what ... * we really do n't have enough money to host olympics . 
  * we really ca n't let people go to pension so early , we do n't enough money * we really ca n't let people to have as big pensions as they do , we do n't have enough money * we really need start collecting good statistics and financial information from our state , we ca n't administer without it . 
  * we really need to start having surpluses so we can pay our debts back and be more financially efficient . 
  this is n't about strong vs. weak economies . 
   so you are saying that the bonds will fix greece ? 
  a banking union is going to fix the productivity in greece ? 
  how , in detail please ? 
  the bonds are going to fix the internal devaluation in the south ? 
  how , in detail please ? 
  individual member states can still run into trouble both those troubles wo n't halt the member states economy as banks are decoupled via banking union from the member state , and having restructuring rules for bonds allows much quicker readjustment measures . 
  essentially member states still need if necessary to do structural renewal and austerity programs , but they are not in danger to collapse all together . 
   i mean , you can not integrate and have a working currency without also having massive transfers . 
  that is economics 101 . 
  there are far to many assymetric shocks , internal devaluation etc. 
  how are you going to deal with that ? 
  the eurzone is not a good currency union.one need financial and political integration . 
  the finns basically need to start paying off greece 's debt and guarantee portugal 's pensions . 
  send 30 % of your gdp to brussel , that is how you are going to make the ez work . 
  that is not econ 101 , that is pure stupidity . 
  look alabama has enjoyed from fiscal transfer since south lost the war and it still more or less resembles more of an third world state than anything resembling a modern highly developed economy . 
  what the us as an federal entity has given to alabama is the ability to grow in the protection of the federal government , however alabama has n't used that opportunity . 
  in the eurozone we should ' t concentrate on making every single that the same like the rest , but make sure that all eurozone states have equal opportunities to take advantage of their natural competitive advances and develop in peace under the protection of the union . 
   think about it , when germany joined , the ddr had far less productivity than the brd . 
  so , the brd took over ddr in a way . 
  they paid the debt , they made sure that the stuff like schools , pensions , social systems , health care functioned , and had the banks . 
  they also invested massively to increase the productivity . 
  they still do and transfer more then 100 billion euros / / year to ddr , who is still less productive . 
  greece/spain portugal got nothing of that , despite being far less productive , and yet you expect them to compete having a currency that is essentially adjusted to the needs of the north , mainly germany . 
  it might work for the finns , but it does n't for southern europe , which has nothing to do with laziness and debt , but with low productivity . 
  so , how are you going to fix that ? 
  ddr ( former ) is still behind despite massive backup for 24 years , and you expect southern europe just to fix themselves ? 
  the mistake that germans did was to integrate ddr with rules from bundes republic . 
  eastern germany would have bounced back much strongly if they would have allowed eastern germany to have different labor legislation and market dictated wages . 
  what would have happened would have been the same that happened in all other eastern states , re-industrialization with western companies moving manufacturing and assembly work there . 
  yes , east would have suffered but it would have suffered anyway . 
  not to mention that low productivity in south has much more to do with how their governments have dictated the society and economy to work . 
  did you know for example portugal has had state mandated rent control until last year ?
