  while incidents like the one in bangladesh are unfortunate , and for the people in question very unfortunate , in overall globalization outsourcing of factory work to developing countries has been good for the local people more than bad . 
  now you can of course protests against this , but if you do so , you better come up with an answer on what these people would be then doing if they did n't have that outsourced work that they currently do have . 
  nothing special i guess . 
  machine wash them every time after keeping them on one or two times , that is it . 
  the thing is that the fabric is n't the same as it was when it was new , colors starts to fade , seals start to go broken etc. . . 
  yes , functionally there is nothing wrong with old clothes , but ... 
  they are n't anymore as nice as they used to be . 
  that mean time change . 
  eu exports more to us than we import from them . 
  in 2012 the trade surplus with the us was 115,8 billion us dollars !, 
  it does n't matter does germany or some other block of countries actually produce it , what matters is that we enjoy constant feed of us dollars . 
  it is internal matter of the eu and member states on how that or part of those monies are used . 
  another issue that we europeans have to understand that for our economy , it is crucial that we can keep our position in the us market . 
  this means that we have to ensure that we can enjoy continued access to it , and that in relation to other countries and trade blocks , we keep our competitive advance in trade terms or advance them . 
  if we do n't then other exporters can take market share from us in the us market . 
  but is that really good usage of money ? 
  a cloth that you buy from h&m , gap , jack & jones , new yorker or dressman may not last in good condition more than maybe three to four months , but so what ... 
  seasons and fashion change . 
  the one thing that the opinion piece was missing was the reason why italian traditional manufacturers are bleeding . 
  maybe what he left out was that mass market clothing has eaten middle and upper middle segments of the clothing market that was previously major market for companies like his has now been lost because people value more other things than `` quality '' . 
  not with my tax euros . 
  they can do what ever they want as private citizens , but as member of an organization funded by tax payers , they should keep under their mandate . 
  yes , greece is a european state , a democratic state with democratically elected government . 
  yes ? 
  now what right does public institutions in other european countries to intervene internal matters of the greek government when they are under common guidelines of the eu ? 
  it is not their job to make political statements , especially about foreign countries . 
  so yes , they should have kept silent . 
  just checked out that also yle , the finnish broadcasting company , signed the address . 
  what the fuck ? 
  it is not in the mission of yle to intervene matters of other countries or to make political statements . 
  as my tax money is going to upkeep them i would want to know what is their excuse of wasting tax payers money on signing useless pleas . 
  or you can move to finland and figure then what to do . 
  i have recently made friends with a polish women who came here few years ago with nothing else than a bag , worked odd jobs here and there , then got a job from university as a researcher . 
  speaks fluent finnish , learned it in approx one and half a year , just decided she has to learn it and notified everybody to only speak finnish to her . 
  i also remember an asylum seeker from africa who just forced himself to learn finnish in order to enhance his opportunity to get a temporary residence from here . 
  just talked to everybody with what little finnish he had learned and learned the language in approx half a year . 
  everything is possible , of course things are hard , but life in general is hard . 
  printing money is n't a good policy to conduct ... 
  in case of fed , i would argue that quantitative easing has n't really impacted the us economy , the real reason why us economy has started to rebound can be found from shale oil and gas extraction that has made us in a short while a gas exporter . 
  in case of boj , japanese have wasted decades , instead of fixing the real problems in their economy , they have used whatever tools they have to ease up the decline of their economy . 
  the real problem in the eurozone is that we do n't have enough real governments . 
  as soon as we have real governments that do real decisions then the economic rebound will begin . 
  i think that in here we are in the root cause of why many people do n't accept the story of republicans ( good ) and nationalists ( bad ) . 
  okey , nationalists bad , that is something that almost everybody agrees . 
  but in the republican side you have so many factions , and some of those factions are as criminal in their nature as fascists or national socialists . 
  it would be hard to accept a memorial that would also cherish the memory of those people . 
   and it happened after the civil war . 
  there were attemps before but they were stopped with blood . 
  that would be during the civil war . 
  which we come to interesting question . 
  in 1936 started the spanish revolution . 
  now , my question is are those people also republican , or are they socialist revolutionists ? 
  because in every discussion up to a point , there has only been two groups , the republicans and the nationalists . 
  but that really is n't true , there were third party of people , and those were socialist revolutionists . 
  so , three groups of people , or two groups of people ? 
   the constitution established legal procedures for the nationalisation of public services and land , banks and railways . 
  the constitution provided generally accorded civil liberties and representation , a major exception being the rights of catholics . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_spanish_republic#1931_constitution ) nationalization ... can you at least provide impetus for nationalization of banks ? 
  because to me it seems like the state is taking over capital , and that is a definitely a red flag . 
  not to mention ...  the international workers association , formed in 1922 , is an international syndicalist federation of various labour unions from different countries . 
  at its peak , the international workers association represented millions of workers and competed directly for the hearts and minds of the working class with social democratic unions and parties . 
  the spanish confederaci\u00f3n nacional del trabajo a major role in the spanish labour movement . 
  it was also a decisive force in the spanish civil war , organizing worker militias and facilitating the ** collectivization of vast sections of the industrial , logistical , and communications infrastructure ** , principally in catalonia . 
  another spanish anarcho-syndicalist [ dubious -- discuss ] union , the confederacion general del trabajo de espa\u00f1a , is now the fourth largest union in spain and the largest anarchist [ dubious -- discuss ] union with tens of thousands of members . 
  [ 8 ] [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syndicalism#history ) and this was just misunderstand ? 
  somebody did n't get the memo about supporting free markets , property rights and entrepreneurship ? 
  forgive ? 
  people who lived in the days of the spanish civil war have the ability to forgive to people that broke against them . 
  however people who did n't live in those days , they do n't have that power , they can only try to understand and learn from history . 
  another point that i would like to raise is that there were victims in both sides of the civil war . 
  remember the [ red terror ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror_ ( spain ) ? 
  ... it is good that people look back at history , but they need to understand that they ca n't live again grievances of past generations , nor can they lock to us vs. them mentality , that only divides the society , the war ended , it 's over . 
  i also have to note that in finland we had the same kind of issue to deal with when we had our civil war in 1918 . 
  however the reconciliation process was much quicker as finland returned to a democracy and was quickly united against the common enemy , the soviet union . 
  not to mention that in finland the socialists did initialize a revolution and declared the country to be socialist workers ' republic . 
  from the point of view of later generations , post-war and post-communist generations , it was great luck that the other side , whites , won the civil war as one could always look over the boarder of how things would have gone if finland would have become a socialist/communist country . 
  in spain you did n't have the same luck . 
  the spanish republic was heading towards becoming a socialist country , there is no question about , but the timeframe when things happened was a longer . 
  not to mention that spain did n't return back to democracy for the next 40 years , and you could n't see and testify with your own eyes misery , poverty and purges that hit the soviet union after the revolution . 
  i have to note that private pension funds are n't actually safe . 
  nothing is . 
  if for example your or ours govermeant would go crazy , crazy like the govermeant in argentina went , they could easily just legislate that all private pensions are transferred to the state , and the state pays you your `` fair '' and `` equal '' amount of pension pot . 
  yes it is highway robbery , but when governments go crazy , there is little for you to do if you have locked your money into accounts that you ca n't easily liquidate and move over borders . 
  i myself currently contribute 50 $ a month to private pension account , ps-tili , that is tax deductible and tax free , and also locked until i retire in 63 - 68 . 
  it is a small amount , but it should grow to be approx 30-40k $ when i retire . 
  the rest goes to paying my apartment loan and to stocks . 
  i would say that the best option to secure the future is to diversify . 
  now most of my savings go to paying down the apartment , little go to the locked pension account , and the rest goes to stocks . 
  if and when my liquid wealth goes over 100k $ -150 k $ , it is a good idea to start diversify those holdings to different countries . 
  of course i have to note that i do n't believe that europe goes crazy , there is so much potential that we should eventually find our way , but as nobody knows the future , it is better ensure some backup options . 
  [ in 2010 , the greek primary budget deficit was 3.2 % when the deficit at whole was 10.5 % ] ( http://www.greekdefaultwatch.com/2011/04/eurostat-revises-greeces-2010-deficit.html ) [ in 2009 , the greek primary budget deficit was 10.4 % ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2012/05/15/lets-toast-the-greek-bailout/ ) however even this is n't the complete truth . 
  you see greek pension funds also own greek govermeant bonds . 
  if the greek state decides to default also these bonds , then it either has accept consequences of pensioners going without money , or fund them via alternative means . 
  so , while the primary deficit was smaller than the actual deficit , that does n't mean that in a default situation there would n't have been need for more expenditure . 
  agreed . 
  it is bloody stupid to intervene to a civil war , especially by funding and arming fundamentalist islamist fighters . 
  not to mention that the only effective way to intervene would be to make an invasion and occupy the country for good , however that would require there to be some kind of strategic reason to do it . 
  i suggest that we just sit this one out . 
  if the fundamentalist will seem to winning the war , we should just assassinate assad and arm the govermeant . 
  if the islamists seem to loose , we should assassinate assad and buy the new transitional govermeant to our side .
