  in essence while public services where cut in the 80s , the 80s children still inherited manners and values from their parents generation , with each succeeding generation the amount of inherited human capital from generation to generation has decreased , as the public sector has n't guided , helped , schooled and otherwise pumped that needed capital to people . 
  so for example if we cut public services more , do we really gain wealth , or are just blundering our inheritance ... * us is n't actually a that capitalistic , it is entrepreneur and corporate friendly , but that does n't make it a working model . 
  for example in the us states and counties can give tax exemptions to corporations that invest there . 
  this is wrong , this state interfering the market and causing market corruption . 
  in this case companies do n't necessarily locate their work where it actually is most efficient , but where state subsidy makes is most profitable for the corporation . 
  in the eu we do n't have this , states and local authorities ca n't give subsidies to firms , at least not in the same way and scale as they do in the us . 
  * us and britain are n't anymore as much meritocracies that they used to . 
  if you do n't have free health care , social housing and benefits , free education , etc. . you really ca n't say that every child regardless of their background has equal opportunities . 
  and while few people here and there have success story from rags to riches , most people are still left behind . 
  that in time will cause bitterness and feeling of social injustice . 
  in here , and in many other european countries , you ca n't really complain that you missed education or other opportunities because of your background , no , you missed them because you did n't take opportunities that the society offered to you . 
  * european states that have high income economies , like for example nordic countries , offer a quite nice mix of everything , a pleasant life . 
  like i said i used see us potential place where to move and start a life , and so did many others , but after graduating , getting that first job , this place actually feels quite good . 
  yes , i pay lots of taxes , but then again i get quite nice place for that . 
  i do n't want to be america basher , but these are my reason why i do n't see us and their system as that good example . 
  i think that many do share these same feelings . 
  of course there are many good things in us system that we could copy , but not everything . 
  and by the way i 'm liberal conservative , liberal in personal freedom , and conservative in economics , to give you some background on my thoughts . 
  i myself think that we in europe really have to look up all around the world , lift good things from different societies and economies , see what fits well to ours , and then innovate something new when needed . 
  again i think that this attitude is shared by quite many . 
  one thing that explains why many european countries have decreased their welfare states is that people do n't anymore see lack of money as the underlying cause for many of the sicknesses in our societies . 
  yes , money can fix things into a certain point , but after that it does n't anymore help , it actually more harm to the society . 
  for example my work colleague , who is hard core leftist but not a communist , thinks we should n't throw more money to poor people , but we should concentrate on thinking how we can activate/motivate/force them doing something in their life . 
  i myself do n't see it wise to force people for example to work , i would prefer to increase control of how people use their welfare money , and if necessary obligate them to go into re-education . 
  for example one of my friends , a metal worker , has been unemployed soon for 2 years , recently they had a program in his locality were they offered to school unemployed to truck drivers , and because a private firm was also involved in the schooling , there was very big likelihood on that people would get a job from them . 
  however my friend did n't get excited about , did n't apply , it is a not job for him , even though he is very good in handling mechanical machines ... 
  so that is why many european states seem to move into the direction of america , but i do n't think that majority really wants us to become a copy of america . 
  the problem of elected executive is that while he or she can be a great leader and make great decisions that impact the future generations , so can a strong leader also make bad ones , for example mr. hitler and mr. stalin were terrible leaders who did terrible mistakes . 
  you also have to take into account that an elected executive can also be divisive and lead to people fighting with each others . 
  no , that is not an european way . 
  in europe we have parliamentary tradition where the parliament elects a prime minister to lead the cabinet that acts together as an executive . 
  usually the people or the parliament elect an president whose main duty is to oversee the cabinet and the parliament , and if needed brake up the cabinet or the parliament and hold new elections . 
  now i did read your other comments too . 
  not having an elected executive does n't mean that in time of national emergency or threat , the government could n't act quickly and decisively . 
  usually prime ministers and the cabinet together hold considerable amount of power , and they can act under the operative envelope that has given to them . 
  for example during the second world war both britain and finland were fully functional parliamentary democracies , and also in later times british cabinets have shown that they can act quickly , like for example when argentina invaded falkland islands . 
  and what goes to europe being one of the main points in the multi-polar world and what it does require , i do n't agree that would need a strong executive . 
  neither britain or france had strong executives when they were colonizing the world in the 19th century , a parliamentary democracy with a will is quite enough to conquer the world . 
  however this is not 19th-century and europe is not about or going to take on the world , what we need is consensus based decision making with strong institutions that can like a machine solve rationally and peacefully problems that come ahead of us . 
  what we do n't need is king like character to lead us , we have too many bad memories about that . 
  european union is not the united states of america and it will not become a copy of it . 
  european countries and the european union have to find and create their own model that is workable in the european context . 
  if we just copy the american model we will also copy all the problems of it , but gain only few strengths as the european environment is totally different from that of the america . 
  for instance i myself totally reject having ... * ... a strong elected executive , that does n't suite well into european parliamentarian tradition . 
  * ... having elected senators to represent my state , that is too much power behind too few persons . 
  we already have better arrangement by having of council of ministers with political mandate given by the ruling cabinet and needed background information and assistance from the bureaucracies of ministries that allow national interests to be taken into account . 
  what we could do is to have parliaments nominate senators that would then work besides the government of crafting national positions on different issues . 
  * ... the commission must remain apolitical entity . 
  in the future where senators ( reformed council of ministers ) and the european parliament would have possibility to initiate legislation , the commission would serve both of these groups as their executive arm . 
  we should also remember that even today the commission is voted into position by both the council and parliament . 
  this is working scheme , it must be only made clearer to common people on how the union works . 
  on a personal note , declan ganley does n't have any credibility nor integrity to participate on the discussion about the european future , not especially after his unclear finances of the libertas during the irish first vote of the lisbon treaty . 
  `` in the european union , double majority voting is a form of qualified majority voting which is to apply to almost all policy areas starting in 2014 under the treaty of lisbon . 
  any decision taken under this scheme will require the support of at least 55 % of the council of the european union members who must also represent at least 65 % of the eu 's citizens . '', 
  from wikipedia 2 . 
  sweden has n't ever been a protected economy , they have always been in the forefront of free trade as they have been an export driven economy . 
  the key to success of swedish society has been their high-tech/high-spec industries that have had the ability to export and grow . 
  the same is true also in finland , without free trade it would have been impossible for nokia to extend into telecommunications and become a global corporation . 
  i also do n't understand why do you see having free trade and market economies as bad things ? 
  from my point of view free trade and market economy gives us the efficient production engine that enables us to produce and exchange value with other countries and people . 
  after the value has been produced , it is up to the people to decide on how it should be divided and used , and this is what leftist should be concentrate on , not on the means of production . 
  in case of euro , it is a good thing that we ca n't devaluate our currency . 
  in yesteryears when export industries and unions made big bad decisions from time to time that almost drove them into bankruptcy , to bail them out our currency had to be devalued causing a massive amount of wealth transferred from other industries and citizens to these failing ones . 
  now as we ca n't devalue our currency , all companies and unions have to really think on where to invest and what to demand . 
  not to mention that currencies of small countries were almost always under the constant threat of a speculative attack . 
  there were pretty good reasons for why euro was invented and those reasons still exist . 
  and if the eu did n't have power then guess who would have more power ... a ) big european countries such as germany , france and uk . 
  thanks to the having so much power the play field inside the union has been leveled , big countries ca n't for example discriminate against companies and individuals coming from other european countries . 
  b ) external powers such as united states , russia and china . 
  for example the us tried few years ago pressure the finnish government on an issue of generic drugs , of course of the behalf of us drug companies , now before the eu they could have tried to pressurize by threatening with trade sanctions , but because finland is part of the eu that has as much firepower to fight a trade war , the finnish government did n't have to react in anyway . 
  then there are even more problematic neighbors like russia , and some brutal ones like china . 
  the fact of the matter is that european countries alone are too small to this world with 7 billion people and counting . 
  actually when grouped together they can barely hang on . 
  there are many negative sides in the eu , but then again there are so many good sides in it . 
  but please , ask more if you want here more . 
  3 sui generis european union continues to hopples few steps at a time solving some problems and creating new ones in process of doing that . 
  while this way of operation does n't have any grand design in it , it also does n't have any grand risks associated in it . 
  in my opinion this is how we should continue with integration as there is no ongoing major threat that would pressure european nations to rush up into full blown federal state . 
  i would also like to point out that when the european union transforms into a full fledged federation it will take a decade to draw up the treaty , and that treaty will for sure contain hundreds of thousands of pages of legal text to clearly define on what the federation is and how it works , and of course precisely translated into all languages . 
  you may wonder on if that is really necessary , but in my opinion this is the european way of doing things , being precise and taking everything in account . 
  for example the us constitution is terrible unclear with imprecise text has caused legal wrangling since the inception of the union . 
  european union is the europe , there is nothing else outside the border than barbarians and native tribes . 
  many expeditions have been sent to explore and civilize these wilds , but nothing good has happened due to it . 
  i suggest strongly that you forget these ludicrous thoughts about europe outside the european union , we do n't want to give wrong impression to those god forsaken tribes out there !, 
  for haven sake they might try to leave their reservations and we would have to spend more on border control to return them to their native lands . 
  i think that the major thing that makes this crisis not so scary is that all eu countries have democratically elected governments and leaders who do care of the wellbeing of their electorates . 
  that is why they at the end ca n't have the eurozone collapse , it would cost too much , and that will make politicians in the end do what is necessary to solve this . 
  for example our minister of treasury just noted that if nothing else works , the ecb should step in , and that is a definitive line change . 
  i myself would be scared if the eurozone would have been formed by the nazi germany and soviet union , in that case mr. hitler or mr. stalin could have taken their balls pack to home without caring for consequences , luckily we live in democratic europe so politicians have to really work to solve things and not give up . 
  definitely . 
  if i would only read english language news about the eurocrisis i would be tempted to believe that the end of the world is coming to the euroland . 
  however when reading other news sources , especially those that are in my native language , i get a totally different picture - there is a crisis that needs to be sorted out , but no end of the world scenarios , not even in the evening press . 
  yes , that is part of the gist in that line of thinking . 
  greece joined in 1981 , spain and portugal in 1986 , and they have been net receivers from that point on . 
  that makes them those southern countries that ca n't get their things in order , even when money has been poured throe their economies for decades . 
  of course not all southern countries are alike , people usually forget that italy has always been net contributer , and spain is going to become a net contributer in this or next decade . 
  not in finland too . 
  i think that in here there is no prevailing sentiment against germany , actually people really do n't discuss about germany , it is something in lines of ... * `` well that is what we get for accepting those southern countries on board , no wonder we are in this mess ... '' * `` what about our image in europe ? 
  do other europeans see still us as reliable partners even when our politicians demand tougher stances ? '', 
  personally i have likened the stand that sarkozy has taken , i think he has done a pretty good job .
