  the answer what i every time get is that there is no money , that it costs too much , and does n't matter if the persons align with left or right . 
  in here a school lunch costs from 60c to 1e per day per pupil and it saves a lot of money and time when parents do n't have to supply kids with food . 
   people need money to buy goods and services , when you cut spending , especially across the board as we 're doing here in eu , you 're initiating '' cascading failure '' . 
  it 's easy to see how sanctions against russia affect our companies because there 's no latency , it 's a bit harder to weigh how armies of unemployed who were forced off the grid in spain , portugal , greece ... affect job pools and migration in entangled parts of the union . 
  the spending before crisis was completely wrong . 
  building useless airports or motorways or hiring too many people to keep parks and streets clean , was enormous waste or resources and time . 
  it hide the real problem which was that states were strangling their private sectors to death . 
  the only way to fix the situation in spain , portugal and greece is to remove unneeded regulation and enable people come entrepreneurs . 
  for example just look at portugal and lisbon , they had rent control for 100 years which essentially halted all investment to real estate because it was n't profitable at all . 
  now 20 % of lisbon 's buildings are more or less in ruinous condition . 
  just last year the rent control was lifted and now there is new investment to real estates . 
  by the way , in spain and france there is a real problem with renters protections . 
  if you rent your apartment , it can be a hell to get rid of the renter . 
  while this might sound good , what it actually does is to decrease people 's willingness to rent their place and of investors building more apartments to be rented . 
   here 's where dogma and ideology kicks in ... ca n't afford is not compatible with qe ... to say that you ca n't afford hospital or kindergarten at time half of world is imagining untold bambillions in effort to keep the wheels turning ... well , it 's just mean . 
  at the end of the day , we have to import oil , gas and raw materials to europe so that we can actually make things . 
  if we just print money as there would be no worry about tomorrow , then what will happen is that the external value of our currency will fall until we ca n't buy anything with it . 
  of course there is always a midway , we hundred billions euros would probably not make any dent at the value of euro , but then again would that really make any difference ? 
  all it would do is to remove interest from governments to actually make those structural reforms that they really need to do . 
  are we talking about same sweden and same palme ? 
   when sweden \u00b4 s pm olof palme lashed out against the vietnam war in the late 1960s and stirred up feelings in washington , the country \u00b4 s best friend paradoxically was the american department of defence , pentagon . 
  a new doctoral thesis shows that sweden had a more close secret cooperation with the u.s. than earlier known . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.stockholmnews.com/more.aspx?nid=2882 ) not to mention that is paradoxical that nordic countries such as sweden and finland are always mentioned as some kind of socialist utopias where the left rule when in fact they have more free markets and less regulation than most of the countries in the world . 
  the fact that nordic countries have an welfare state is n't a sign that they are left leaning , it means that the population has some amount of solidarity between citizens . 
  i would argue contrary that free and liberalized markets are actually needed to pay for the welfare state , it is n't possible without strong private sector able to generate wealth and economic growth . 
  what do you exactly in practical term mean ? 
  the two biggest problem in developed economies is that ... * automation is making more and more jobs redundant . 
  the only two growing segments of jobs are of those who are either need only low-skills to do it and those who demand high specialization and high knowledge . 
  this is a major problem because you just ca n't change the gauss curve of iq . 
  * demographic crisis is starting to decrease workforce in all industrialized countries meaning that there are less people working compared to amount of people who are supported . 
  the thing is that you can press as much money as you want , it will not fix these problems . 
  the only thing that printing money does is to create hidden taxation of holders of money to the state . 
  in my honest opinion the only way to keep the european welfare state is actually make markets more free while in the same making sure that social safety nets catch everybody and enable and encourage a new try at life . 
  this means that starting companies should be as easy as possible , it means that flexibility of the job market needs to be increased as in making it possible for companies to fire people at ease , etc. . . 
  the reason why are not seeing traditional left leaning policies is that at the end of the day , countries ca n't afford them and many times they are ineffective to fix a certain problem . 
  for example thanks to modern construction equipment , most of the cost from an infrastructure project actually come from raw materials , not from hiring people to do the work . 
  building a bridge to nowhere fixes nothing , it just cost money and time that could have been used better elsewhere . 
  pre tax per month because taxation is heavily progressive and has many different kind of deductions thus it is useless to talk about post tax salary . 
  another thing is that it is better to talk and compare pre tax salaries as that tells how much plus pension contributions you are valued by the firm . 
   then you 'd be wrong , things like federalism and a unified military have very little support across the population of the eu , even though looking at the decisions the elites make would make you think otherwise . 
   there 's a clear trend against this integration as exemplified by the eurosceptic vote in the last elections , and the euro turned out to be a disaster , it 's going to be much harder for the federalists to sleepwalk us into things like this . 
  eurosceptic movement has already ridden the cap of the wave , now it is downhill from here . 
  for the last 5 years eurosceptics have said that the euro & eu will brake in the next 3/6/12 months , but instead of this what we have seen in further integration and strengthening of the union . 
  while there are still sizable populations in many eu countries that are eurosceptics , their numbers are stagnating because populism about the eu does n't work anymore : the euro crisis is over and russia is back at eating small countries . 
  euro is such a failure that during the whole crisis more countries have joined it . 
  i would argue that euro is a success , while individual countries have had troubles , the currency itself has kept its value and that is what is important for a common man . 
  without the euro individuals in crisis stricken countries would have lost even more with devaluations and run away inflation . 
   as for ukraine , most member states are either abstaining from the negotiations or trying to stop the sanctions from being too deep , so where you get the idea that anyone is going to want to integrate our foreign policy and defence when it 's still so clearly divergent is beyond me . 
  what i see is that most member states want to have further sanctions and the minority is against them either because they are afraid of russian counter sanctions or are trying to gain favors from other member states . 
  another note about this whole crisis have been that the european states have been rather powerless to stop russia from invading ukraine . 
  these both points will be driving forces in the future to deepen the common foreign policy even more . 
  i would argue actually that people largely want it in most member states . 
  it is much easier to sell further integration in france and germany . 
  not to mention that it is the only way how european countries can have an independent voice in the world and be taken seriously . 
  in case of thinking is the unified military in the cards or not , i would suggest you to look back at the year 1980 . 
  at that time both france and germany spoke about the need for having a common currency , just 20 years later euro was born . 
  in the eu integration happens some times slow , but sometimes things just fall in to right places and at that point there is a great cycle of integration . 
  for example right now thanks to the ukrainian crisis , there will further integration of common foreign policy and especially of common decision making that can react quickly and without the need for total cohesion in the decision making . 
  the problem with both russia and usa is that they both were supposed to continue with their nuclear dearmament . 
  however both and especially russia have not done this . 
  either the rest of the world can response to this by creating more nuclear weapons or by creating defensive systems to defeat these . 
  i do n't understand why russia and usa have the god given right to have much more nuclear weapons than any other country in the world ? 
  essentially yes and there is no reason why that would n't achievable in the next two decades . 
  major eu countries except britain already backed for creating a common military headquarters for the eu . 
  i think that there because of budget cutting , there is major pressure to unify european defense . 
  of course nato partly fulfills this , but the big problem of nato is that if it is not ww3 kind of event , european countries have hard time to get things done because of different political wills . 
  the idea is that step by step creating tools and integrating decision making , we at some point achieve a point where we will have both the european army , but also a european foreign policy . 
  yes of course , but ... * france and uk should be redeemed financially for contributing nuclear weapons and facilities to a european defense force . 
  * nuclear weapons are just one weapon system , just to use them we need common navy and air defense . 
  * for actual effective european military we need one army . 
  we still can have national guards that are dedicated on acting and defending on their own locality , but we need one army with one command structure . 
  another thing completely is that we should define what requirements we have for an euroarmy . 
  in my honest opinion we at least need the ability to fight alone in our sphere of influence including european russia , north africa and middle-east preferably with ability to fight two front war . 
  yes , useless against any modern tank , but that was n't the case i was making . 
  the case i was making is that they are usable where the enemy does n't have battle tanks . 
  for example if there would ever be a war with finland and russia , the russian invasion would come in two forms : 1 ) the main invasion army crossing the border with tanks and other heavy equipment ; 2 ) paratroopers landing here and there taking strategic points . 
  for the main invasion army we would use our leopards , but against paratroopers that have landed here and there using leos would be waste of resources , t-55m 's with infrantry would be better than infrantry without the support of any tank . 
  of course , even our t-55m 's are going to be replaced when we have spare money , but as we live in a finite world , one has to work with what one has . 
  t-55 are not compleatly useless . 
  with modernization they are adequote infantry support vehicles to secure areas behind the front line , for example to assist taking down paratrooper regiments . 
  finnish defence forces still have approx 70 t-55m tanks in service . 
  of course our main battle tank is the leopard 2 which we have soon around 200 in service . 
  use , need and profitable are all words that in some cases may have nothing to do with each other . 
  yes , i can concur that most of the eastern and southern countries would need a better infrastructure . 
  however totally another question is would these project be profitable ? 
  if they would be , surely private investors would be making the investment in the first place ? 
  if not , then how can the european investment fund do it any better ? 
  like i said before , if the potential losses are suffered by the fund , then member states and regional authorities have all the motivation to suggest what ever project with what ever justification as at the end of the day most of the invested money goes to the local economy and the investment itself in any case will stay at the locality without the member state or local authorities risking nothing . 
  news at 11 , a developing country wants more funds to be available for infastructure spending . 
  what is however interesting here is this ...  another obstacle would be finding profitable projects to invest in . 
  under mr. szczurek 's plan , the fund would be the owner of its projects and finance it 's operations by eventually privatizing them . 
  any losses on that even would have to borne by national governments -- a prospect that would raise legal issues countries like germany and finland . 
  this is a major no-no , because it more or less is an open invitation for host govermeants to get the money no matter of what and with whatever false data , because it will be somebody else paying up the project if it fails . 
  we really do n't need new airports that nobody uses , or wind and solar power installations whose profitability is linked with govermeant subsidies . 
  that does n't make any sense as if we do n't have clear mechanism based on certain criterias and we let it be just a political decision , then what will happen is that member states can just concentrate on politics and not actually taking care of their economy . 
  for example in portugal there is threat of deflation , but is it really caused by govermeant having not enough money to spend , or is it caused by the interference of the state to the economy so much that it ca n't generate new growth ? 
  the point is that in case of portugal , giving money for example based on deflation in the member state would be rewarding the portuguese state and thus easing its pressure to actually get its hands of from the economy . 
  for example why did it take till 2012/2013 to remove rent controls ? 
  and why did it need a european bailout program to do so ? 
  thanks to them 20 % of lisbons buildings are in poor conditions or ruins .
