  the reason why portugal became a troubled economy because it was on the brink of already becoming one before the real crisis started , and that was largely thanks to portuguese state again being unable to transform their economy . 
  lastly but not least , investors did n't pull money out of troubled countries , what they did was to stop investing into govermeant bonds , in essence they stopped to inject money to them . 
  of course one can say that this lead to these countries to become crisis countries , but from my point of view , these countries were already in crisis , external injections of capital to these countries made them to float for a while , nothing more nothing less . 
   they compete by having an economy of scale . 
  since bigger enterprises also means fewer enterprises , there 's less competition and they all have as their primary interest to generate profit ; lower prices are but one possible means to do so . 
  there are three overall competition strategies : cost leadership , quality and concentrating to a niche segment . 
  while companies seldom go as low as possible on their pricing , or their offerings of quality , they create constant market push to ever lower prices and ever higher quality . 
  and do remember that if prices are n't low enough or quality high enough , there is always opportunity for a new entrant coming into a market , good example of this is apple that entered and stormed the smartphone market . 
   they all have as their primary interest to generate profit ; and what is bad with this ? 
  profits always go somewhere , mostly to common people whose pension funds have been invested to multitude of stocks and assets . 
  and what is bad for example private investors getting profit for their capital ? 
  many people work and save up part of their paychecks to invest into stocks , thus injecting capital and valuations to the market . 
   the moralistic argument !, 
  counterexample : paris hilton . 
  actually ms. hilton has made her own fortunate , do remember that she was made disinherited by her grand father . 
  currently she is worth approx 30 million euros , largely earned from her tv-series and line of fragrances . 
   that , guns , ruthless exploitation and an expansionist culture . 
  that is actually not true . 
  most colonial possessions that western countries had were either loss makers or turned small profits , and even only handful of countries had any possession , namely uk , france , spain and portugal . 
  what made western countries rich as was ever continuing industrialization and development made possible by moving to a capitalist society driven by market economy . 
  if you have something to say it , say it , if you have something that you want me to read , then copy-paste it . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time trying to figure out what you want to say . 
   what he describes as plus in competitiveness triggers a downward spiral in wages , job security , pensions and taxes . 
  wages have pressure to go down in jobs that face increasing competition from developing countries , because if the wages wo n't go down , then the jobs will transfer to from example china . 
  this is part of the reason why portugal , spain and italy are in very deep trouble , and also why wages in germany have n't grown . 
  the only way wages can grow in europe is by increasing productivity . 
  in case of pensions and other social benefits , the thing is that european states have for a very long time engaged into ponzi scheme and what is currently happening due to smaller generations and declining fertility is outbreak of the whole bubble . 
  the only way pensions can be guaranteed for future generations is by cutting them from current pensioners , that never did actually contribute enough for their pensions , and cut also future pensions . 
   it puts the employees at the mercy of their employers as they get not enough paid to safe a little and gain security by that while the employment law is changed more and more to their disadvantage . 
  if a society wants to cover its citizens/residents then the only way to achieve it is to offer common social safety net , however that can be only made possible by people willing to pay for it . 
  it is totally wrong way to make companies to offer this by having rigid and expensive labor laws , first of all it does n't cover everybody , and secondly it will slowdown european companies so much that their international rivals will sooner or later outmatch and outgun them , making sure that in the future there will be less companies in europe offering employment , not more . 
       they have economy of scale , but why do you assume they use that to serve their customers rather than themselves ? 
  indeed , why do you assume that the market , as it is , is able to defend the interests of everyone in the best possible way ? 
  competition . 
  if you price your products/services too high , or you offer sub par quality , as in quality perceived/defined by consumer , you open up a opportunity for competitors to snap up customers from you . 
  in case of defending interests of everybody , no , that is not the point , markets reward those who are the most innovative and productive and those who ca n't match that , will be punished by the market . 
  that is the natural market evolution that has made the western countries one of the most richest countries ever seen in the face of the earth . 
   two posts up i say `` i 'd take a street full of small , independent , caf\u00e9s above a street of chain caf\u00e9s any day of the week . 
  '' , so i do n't know where you get that idea . 
  well , to be honest i do : everyone who does n't believe in the market gospel unconditionally must be a supporter of dictators , right ? 
  essentially yes , because there is only a small step from saying `` we know best how these things needs to work and we will force our way '' . 
  markets themselves are democratic , everybody can try and anybody can fail . 
   no , it 's because those small caf\u00e9s do n't work for growth for the sake of growth . 
  the market favors the most efficient capital concentrating mechanic , nothing else . 
  the market favors those who offer what the market wants . 
  some part of the market wants it cheap , some part wants it quick , some part wants it big , and some favor quality . 
  the truth is that big chain can leverage scale of economies in all their actions , thus being able to produce more efficiently but important than that offer what the markets want to . 
   you can hardly say that the opinion of the population matters for the market when they use advertising etc. 
  so sway it to suit their business plan . 
  you seem like a kind a person who would favour that there is only one peoples coffee chain that serve only the one peoples coffee . 
  you might want to sometimes check what people who lived in the soviet union liked their freedom of consumption . 
  i find your lack of reading comprehension insulting . 
  * or how hard is to * ** hide the truth ** * :-d * you know , emphasis on hide the truth . 
  people can hide the truth if they so choose to , much less harmful than beating people like said in the article . 
  that is one option to deal with it . 
  i never said that is my opinion or that i would use it , just gave an example . 
   and starbucks business model is to buy other caf\u00e9s and shut them down . 
  that 's not fair play . 
  if the owners of other cafes want to sell , then i do n't see nothing wrong in here . 
  that is totally fair play . 
   i 'd take a street full of small , independent , caf\u00e9s above a street of chain caf\u00e9s any day of the week . 
  and the reason why small independent cafes have gone bust is because they have n't efficient , have n't had products and services that markets have wanted and that is why a big chain has been able to out compete them in price and in quality . 
  the market has spoken . 
  the problem in here is n't starbucks , but a ) the greek state that is incompetent to legislate and monitor laws it has enacted , and b ) greek cafes that could n't offer what the market wanted : hence people transferring their business to starbucks . 
   i really do n't care to argue regarding the free market philosophy , but the mere reality is that small businesses tend to be owned by people from the lower classes who have been hit the hardest from the crisis already . 
  if you want to create safety nets for people , you do this by creating comprehensive social security safety nets , not by creating patch work of protections that help some , but let many slip past it . 
  this is unfair and worst of all , hinders the functioning of the market . 
   your argument that the gov should let all small businesses die out ( with no regard over how that will affect the lower class and unemployment ) does n't make sense . 
  with this current economy , the space that will be created by them will not be replaced by the bigger corporations because they do n't have the funds or the will to risk such a move . 
  if those small businesses die because they do n't have enough business , then the only correct thing to them do is to go out of business . 
  eventually those freed spaces will be taken into other more productive use . 
  not to mention that legislation that allows shops to be open more does n't require them to be open . 
  that is for the shops to decide . 
  if to some shops it is n't economically sensible to be open , then they are not . 
  however if some shopkeeper invents and organizes a way to be open and earn more profits from being open more , then that business is rewarded by the market and will have more resources to either benefit owners or allow expansion . 
   this is not a matter of debate , but rather of reality . 
  small businesses are shutting down everywhere in greece , but they are not replaced by bigger businesses . 
  this results in a very surreal image of locks and empty showcases everywhere in the centres of the bigger cities . 
  again , where there ever actual market for these ? 
  government should n't protect unprofitable businesses from market reality . 
  the big problem in european economies is that there is not enough businesses that are fast growing . 
  in the us there are lots of businesses that start and many that will die , but there are always fee that have hit the golden spot and will grow fast and become huge multinational corporations . 
  for example how is it possible that the biggest cafe corporation is american starbucks ? 
  why an american corporation could grow fast and become multinational , but multitude of french , italian , spanish , greek , etc. . . cafe shops have stayed small and not grown fast ? 
  that is the real problem and i have foreboding that it has all to do with protecting small businesses . 
  government should n't protect small businesses , that distorts the market and does n't allow greater economies of scale to be born out from operating bigger corporations , thus leading the whole economy to produce less and work less efficiently than it would under other conditions . 
  allowing shops to be open more allows them more flexibility to optimize their operations as items are flowing off the shelf 's on more days and on more times : less items going wasted , more steady output of items , etc. . . 
  it also allows customers to me be more flexible on their shopping , for example become just-in-time shoppers . 
  i myself for example always buy groceries everyday that i need , which eliminates wasted food items quite remarkably . 
  another thing to add from the point of view of employment is that extended opening days and hours will lead to stores hiring more people who are flexible and can work on those extended times . 
  in finland this has basically lead to hiring of more students and immigrants to handle extended hours : they are cheaper and more happier to work off-hours , for them the pay is much more worth it than for example to adult who has an family to feed . 
  or how hard is to hide the truth :-d ... `` these are just some funny people , they are weird , but funny , that is why they do this '' ... and if you get some followup questions or `` daddy , i want to be funny too '' then just ask would he be willing to trade his toy cars for dolls ... :-d but yeah , it is a very poor excuse on not being to able explain it to his son . 
   ` better answer is to abandon euro . 
  currency valuations can settle the issues and fix economic differences . 
  that is not really an answer , because single currency is requirement for single market to work in long term . 
  if you break up the euro , things will eventually fall into a position where individual member states prop up their failing export industries with competitive devaluations and other fiscal incentives so much that it breaks up the whole single market , and then you can say good bye to the whole european project and any idea that there would be any prosperity left in this continent . 
  if this continent wants to stay prosperous and fare well against competition coming from the us , china and other developing economies , then we need to integrate the economy more . 
  this can happen by letting the markets work , and let failing regions fail , or by moving competencies from regions/countries to federal level until things are solved . 
   i do n't really see any way to prevent this problem from reoccurring without disbanding the capitalist system completely . 
  if you want to describe the problem in an abstract way , here 's what happened : the financial system , in its effort to turn surpluses into bigger and bigger profits started making bigger and bigger bets , on increasingly risky ventures .
