  that is just hr fluff . 
  being fluent in finnish , or actually knowing any finnish , is n't actually that important requirement . 
  they would prefer to have finnish speakers because many of our clients work in finnish , but an english speaker is still better than no person at all and we have a long list of of people who only speak english . 
  well , all you need to start for example europe wide operator is to ... * make a business plan * get a capital investors to invest your venture * call to nsn/ericsson/huawai and ask offer for mvno packet * rent bandwidth from telecom operators * hire operational personnel * hire saatchi & saatchi to create brand and your initial ad campaign * spend several tens of millions for multichannel multi country tv launch . 
  should n't be too hard . 
  with any luck you wo n't go bankrupt . 
   something i 'm really curious about : did the labour liberalization have the benefits it is supposed to have ? 
  is it now easier to get a new position as a result of it ? 
  is the labour market really more flexible now ? 
  i think the aim was to enable companies to take more risks and thus grow more . 
  in this sense i think labour market changes have definitely succeeded . 
  the side benefit of strong growth has been that there is strong need for labour and that has made it easier to get hired and to change jobs . 
   low paying jobs here are mainly created by using loopholes in new legislation that sprung up in the past years and allow the employers to skip having to pay social security contributions or allow them to circumvent wages set by unions . 
  i wo n't go into details since that would probably be boring . 
  but it 's used on jobs that ca n't be outsourced . 
  cashiers , cleaning personnel , warehouse workers , service workers in general . 
  from time to time there has been voices demanding the same kind of changes in here too , however those voices have n't gotten much response . 
  i think part of the reason for this is that tax benefits or contribution relief are seen as subsidies and the problem with subsidies is that they corrupt the market and support unprofitable business . 
  another part is that all workers should be treated equally , it would be wrong for example make different rules for young workers , etc. . . of course here too there are problems . 
  before the financial crisis there was much talk about rent workers being in a bit of a bad place . 
  they do have work contract with the rent firm , but their contract says that they called to work , this is problematic because if they do n't get called to work , then they ca n't get unemployment benefits , they could get social benefits , but getting them requires fighting with bureaucracy . 
  however after the crisis started , these discussions have largely faded . 
  social democracy is achieving transition to socialism with democratic means . 
  if you become unemployed , and you have been member of unemployment fund , then you will get for 500 days unemployment benefits that are tied to your pay . 
  however the benefits do n't scale with the pay , people with low pay will get almost what they got in the job , with 1500e/month you get 68 % of your pay , but if your job paid you 3000e/month , you get only 55 % . 
  in 2010 average unemployment benefit tied to pay was 1186e . 
  after the 500 days have gone , your unemployment benefits will drop to approx 520e . 
  in case of low paying jobs , number of these kinds of jobs has n't really went up , because most low paying jobs are outsourced . 
  no use to keep low paying industries in here . 
  the reality is this ... as an consumer who is in a single country for most of the year , and whose friends all so live in finland , what added benefit would i get on being a customer of an european operator ? 
  nothing . 
  for me it is important that my mobile works in finland and as cheaply as possible , nothing more and nothing less . 
  so why could n't i still be customer of an european operator ? 
  that is easy , because it could n't be price competitive with operators who target their service into a single geographical area . 
  now you maybe asking where are the costs going to come from . 
  let me mention few reasons ... * in central europe there is less airwaves per customer , even with more base stations , the network is more congested , and to ensure that network is n't congested operators price their packages based on those limits . 
  * there is more organizational package the larger the organization becomes , in short overheads can easily become enormous . 
  not to mention that big operators do n't want to be bit pipes where as small operators can happily feel this position . 
  * there are more costs due to bigger systems : it is easier to create a small system for a market of 5 million than for a market of 500 million . 
  these are all real reasons why there is n't a single european operator . 
  the thing is that consumers are n't ready to pay . 
  simple as that . 
  markets will decide if there is need for a single european operator . 
  anything else is unnecessary market intervention . 
  in a sense true , but ... * labour market is much more free in here . 
  if the company does n't need you any more , then you are fired , and compensations are low compared for example to germany and france . 
  * markets liberalization has been done ages ago , most state owned companies have been listed into stock exchange . 
  * competition and methods from private sector are constantly tried to introduce to public sector , one big change that is under discussion is to liberalize labour laws regarding public workers , in other words people can be fired easily in the future . 
  in market orientation , nordic countries have gone past france and germany long time ago . 
  the reason why nordic countries seem more equal is because we have more or less working meritocratic system . 
  i have to say that i have hard time accepting that nordic countries are social democracies . 
  in the 70s one could have said that they are countries that are becoming social democratic , however in the last 30 years nordic countries have become very market orientated . 
  maybe it would be better to say that nordic countries are capitalism with a human face . 
  edit : not to mention that in many cases social services and functions in nordic countries are designed to reduce costs or serve industries better , the fact that those services all take care of people is added benefit , not the initial purpose . 
  if you have a big amount of children whose native language is something else than finnish , it is actually wiser to start school in their own language than with finnish . 
  the reason for this is that skills learned in the first few years such as reading and writing as elementary for them to effectively learn . 
  if you try in the same time teach both reading and writing and finnish in the same time , something will bound to fail . 
  thus it is better idea to make sure kids learn the basic things and then in following years transition them to usage of finnish solely in teaching . 
  you can read more about tvo nuclear safety in their own [ site ] ( http://www.tvo.fi/www/page/3767/ ) . 
  but they already mention ...  the security of water supply to the reactor buildings of ol1 and ol2 will be further improved for the eventuality of loss of water supply through permanent safety systems . 
  tvo will utilise the fire water system to realise non-electricity dependent water supply to the fuel pools of the reactor building and to the reactor pressure vessel . 
    tvo is also in the process of evaluating , designing or already realising the following plant upgrades for ol1 and ol2 :  * improving charging possibilities in prolonged power cuts for plant systems provided with battery backup . 
  * improving independence of plant units from seawater cooling . 
  * extensive renovation of stormwater drains in plant outdoor areas to improve their functioning in heavy and prolonged rainfall . 
  * safety upgrades and extension of the interim storage of spent fuel . 
  * adding more supports for i&c cabinets to improve the resistance of the systems to earthquakes . 
  * installing on and off shore oil spill response equipment in olkiluoto . 
  * increasing the number of mobile safety equipment , such as diesel-driven pumps and aggregates on the plant site . 
  both . 
  the company where i work is recruiting people currently . 
  [ list of available positions ] ( http://hae.monster.fi/ty%c3%b6paikkoja/?q=ixonos&amp;cy=fi ) . 
  oh god damn that is nice !, 
  wait !, 
  wait !, 
  let me take photo of this with my lumia !!!, 
  sweeeeeeeeeeeet !!!, 
  wait until my friends see this in facebook !!!, 
  totally awesome !!!, 
  no no no !!!, 
  i need to take video !!!, 
  say it again !, 
  say it again !, 
  need to post this totally on youtube !!!, 
  any enterprise java developers ? 
  the price is n't main concern for tvo , nuclear energy is so profitable , even more so in the future when fossil fuels will become even more costly . 
  currently tvo is negotiating with both areva and toshiba . 
  areva may very well get the contract as they now know how to build a reactor . 
  fennovoima too is still negotiating , areva have offered both epr and kerena to them , toshiba has offered abwr . 
  edit : fennovoima is only considering epr from areva , and abwr from toshiba . 
  article forgets to mention that finland is not going to rely on renewable energy , but on nuclear power . 
  currently there is ... * one epr being build in olkiluoto , tvo the plant owner and operator had another permit to build another reactor there two . 
  * fennovoima has another permit to build another nuclear reactor into northern finland . 
  if tvo and fennovoima are going to select their reactor suppliers next year , or at least 2014 , then these new reactors will be online just when we reach 2025 . 
  actually something already happened and that was that france got some pretty bad press which will eventually impact their credit rating , and not in any positive way . 
  have you ever thought that maybe there just is n't anybody else to do the job ? 
  it is god damn hard to fill in even lower level jobs , for example currently there is deficit of 140 thousand it-engineers in europe , now imagine how hard it is to fill in vacancy for very high level function . 
  yes and no . 
  if russia would have working democracy , working market economy without state intervention like they have in estonia , russia would be much richer , but that would mean that they would have less regulations that they currently have . 
  the thing that people get wrong about current russia is that they have too much regulations , and too random regulations , the russian state and local authorities love to intervene , and they for sure are n't doing that for the good of the business , they are doing it for their own good . 
  i have visited the same place when it was under the ussr , and 10 years after , and now .
