  yes the time is right !, 
  what has the current system ever produced !? 
  ... well nothing else than it has made developed western countries most richest , most prosperous , most developed , and most well being countries in the history of mankind !, 
  that surely is a clear indication that the current system is broken and must be dismantled !, 
  i once talked with a youth leader of a local green party . 
  it was a hilarious conversation because she wanted to abolish fractional reserve banking altogether . 
  i tried to explain to her that it would dry up loan markets completely and essentially make it impossible for people without property to take out loans , essentially benefiting people who already own property and punishing people who do n't . 
  she still insisted that fractional reserve banking is devils creation ... then again , she was also shocked when during the discussion she discovered that private companies can also issue bonds . 
  great ... she would have fitted the ussr communist party very well , all the passion in the world , but no real knowledge about anything . 
  sometimes you just have to put faith on future . 
  not to mention that transniestra is only a country of half a million people . 
  i would think that both western and russian intelligence agencies can make sure that nothing extraordinary bad will happen in transniestra or it be part of something bigger . 
  transniestra should be given independence , it would neatly solve many problems , give moscow a graceful exit and give moldova an express route for eu membership . 
  not to mention that a well defined and guarded border usually is the best way to achieve co-operation with two belligerent participants . 
  another option would be for the polish state to return confiscated property back to the church that was taken from it under communist regime . 
  burning wood is not economical , better use and value can be gained by using it to manufacture pulp and paper , wood products , bioplastics , biodiesel , etc. . 
  that 's great start !, 
  but you have to pay even more , or somebody else has to pay even more because the general tax burden is still only 28.1 % . 
  maybe the best place to start is to cut down corruption and make sure that companies pay their fare share of common costs . 
  you did n't answer my question , would you be willing to pay these taxes ? 
  looking at your answer it seems that you probably would n't , because you are pointing fingers at business owners . 
  if this is the case then you are not ready to have a welfare state , because you need to create a ) solidarity and shared tax burden , and b ) truest that everyone else is contributing their fare share - that the system is n't corrupt and there is n't too many and too large loopholes . 
  this is the reason why i but so much emphasis on having that solidarity and truest in the society . 
  for example in finland the biggest news right now is that owners of supercell , the creator of clash of clans , sold 51 % of it to japanese softbank with 1.1 billion euros , making the two founders very rich , what has made the whole business even bigger news is that supercell and their founders have always paid their full share of taxes to finland , and so will they also do in this case . 
   romania is too poor to create a welfare state with its own fund even if the taxes go to over 50 % of the gdp . 
  yes and no . 
  yes in a sense that if they would create it , people who work and create most of the production would rebel against it because they would see too large amount of their pays being taken away from them . 
  no in a sense that welfare states are always about solidarity between citizens , a citizen that has 10 potatoes has to share some of them with this fellow citizen who does n't have as many . 
   you ca n't pretend that countries with $ 15,000 per capita in ppp have the same public services and living standards by themselves than countries with $ 40,000 . 
  it 's simply impossible . 
  countries with lower gdp per capita also have lower wages for example to doctors , nurses , teachers , civil servants , etc. . . 
  it is again all about solidarity between citizens . 
  if people want more public services and welfare coverage then they have to share those costs . 
  another thing to note is that nordic states did n't create their public services and welfare systems overnight , but they were during the last 50 to 60 years . 
  if other member states want to have same kind of systems they also need to make this journey in order to develop ways on how the system will work and that there is common will to pay all taxes . 
  again like i said in my previous post , we do n't want to create another greece in a european scale . 
  for there to be eu level social services and healthcare system , first all members themselves must create national ones . 
  the reason for this is very simple , individual societies needs to first find solidarity towards their fellow citizens and residents and will to pay for all the expenses associated with these . 
  the risk on not going via this route is that we make europe one big greece . 
  in greece the state and politicians build their own little welfare and state centric system before creating and cultivating will to pay for it . 
  for example in denmark tax revenue is 49 % of the gdp and in sweden it is 45.8 % , while in greece it is 30.0 % . 
  so the first thing is that countries need to be able to efficiently collect taxes that are needed to provide these services . 
  the second and actually more important thing is that the economy must be able to work efficiently with such a high tax burden . 
  you might want to ask yourself would you be a-okey if in romania the tax burden was increased from 28.1 % to same levels as in nordic states ? 
  in concrete terms , if you now earn 100 euros , you get 71.9 euros after all taxes , including vat , would you be a-okey if you would only get 51 euros after all taxes ? 
  thanks , these little details good way to measure what kind the situation really was !, 
  so slovenia ... 
  rating increased from communist hell hole to just communist . 
  any country that banned quality cinema [ like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etp9kw4jpwo ) was a communist hell hole !, 
  what matters is that he is our pro-kremin thug and not theirs !, 
  bidets are inferior to [ nordic bidet shower ] ( http://www.jylkkari.fi/oldies/arkisto/1106/pdf/21.pdf ) !, 
  i have a [ nokia lumia 720 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_lumia_720 ) . 
  windows phone as an os is quite good , it works and things such as skydrive , skype and facebook integration makes it really easy and fast to use . 
  many of my friends and family also have new lumia devices : they are easy to use and offer value for money . 
  however i have to note that there are also some problems with windows phone as an os . 
  i myself have 8gt of phone memory which has become a bit of a problem as the os ca n't install software to the memory card , nor use it as an cache for example ie or video playback , not to mention that some applications like spotify do n't seem support usage of memory cards . 
  as soon as these things will be fixed , and of course clash of clans ported to the platform , not to mention a working port of sporttracker , i think that i will be one happy windows phone user . 
  that was around 2005 to 2007 when nokia developed 770 , n800 and n810 linux tablets . 
  if they had then added phone stack to the whole system , they could have matched apple much faster . 
  however they did n't do that , the original tablet organization was more or less abandoned and when they finally moved on , they hatched meego . 
  but the problem with meego was that it was developed in the same way as other nokia software , as in late and after too many iteration , hint : they could have launched n9 almost a year before . 
  in the end what they did was to release maemo 6 as meego . 
  i would also like to note that there were few other problems ... * getting hardware accelerated graphics would still have been a major headache . 
  apple had hardware acceleration in their ui straight out of box . 
  * using linux as platform was a major mistake , because the code that they had to submit during both maemo and meego projects benefited greatly their competitors . 
  they should have followed apple and used bsd as their platform and kept their phone and network stacks private . 
  * buying qt and deciding to integrate it with their platform was the correct choice , but they should have abandoned symbian at that point , bringing qt to work with symbian took just too much time that could have been spend in other places much more efficiently . 
  all in all nokia as an organization fucked up very badly , and this was n't due to kallasvuo or elop , this was largely thanks to their too bloated middle management that slowed everything and was too hesitant to make decisions and deliver . 
  the european union itself uses euros ...  when a monetary unit is referred to generally but an amount is not included , it is spelt out in letters , except in tables ( see ` when to use the iso code ' ) : an amount in euros ; a sum in pounds sterling . 
  [ source ] ( http://publications.europa.eu/code/en/en-370303.htm ), 
  france . 
  they have attitude . 
  so stalin was far-right ? 
  luckily the communists did n't do that , they only sent people to gulags , that is russian and means double triple fun time for everybody camps !, 
  not good . 
  either the german politicians have to change legislation concerning claiming social benefits to block this loophole for social benefits tourism , or eventually start to dismantle the german welfare state . 
  the job application process is quite straight forward ... * send a cv with motivational letter underlining why you are applying for the job and why you would be good candidate for it . 
  * now if the other side also liked your application , they will do an interview with you . 
  in some cases there is only one interview , in some places there is another . 
  * that is that , you either got offer or not . 
  now if you are in a sector of economy where there is strong demand for your talent , linkedin and recruitment agents/agencies are your best friends . 
  i was being recruited via linkedin to my current job and currently am being recruited to another position . 
  oh and in case of proving your skills , i have n't ever done for example programming exercises , it is always have been about telling what i have done in general and lessons that i have learned . 
  so let me get this right . 
  you do n't have any actual idea on what this post-capitalistic system is , neither when will that be born and how . 
  great !, 
  so let me understand you more , in this world yours , are the people the same they are today , or they some kind of super humans ? 
  super altruistic humans with high work ethic who just want to work together and share the fruits of their labor just like that ? 
   i 'm a communist . 
  this means two things . 
  first and foremost a set of criticism on capitalism ( how its systematic construction results in economic and humanitarian crises , the negative effects of private property on public life , arbitrary hierarchy and its consequences , etc. 
  ) , and second , from these observations a theory on how to move to another system , without such problems . 
  and this another system is what exactly ? 
  something like the ussr where nobody owns anything ? 
  or just an anarchist hippie utopia where everything is common , everybody smiles , is happy , and people hug each other while they work together ... 
  does n't work . 
  people do n't work like that . 
  and throwing people to gulags does n't work , no re-education will make the homo sovieticus . 
   now you can characterize this as `` faith '' just to paint us as some kind of religious nutcases . 
  but i have two problems with this : the majority of democratic participant today have no radical criticisms of the current system , they believe in presuppositions while not agreeing with their effects .
