   indeed it would be an interesting scenario to happen , although cyprus is probably a very bad example for this -- all they would really have to do is find a way to monetize the natural gas/oil in the eez faster . 
  also i suspect that several countries which hate the euro will likely help cyprus with the process . 
  who and for why ? 
  * us does have the money , but eu is not competitor to them , they are a strategical partner against china in the 21st century . 
  * uk does have some money , but tories would make political suicide giving outside the country . 
  * russia has money , but they want something in return of it , not to mention that it is in the interest of upper russian elite to drive back money that it is now in foreign tax shelters . 
  * china has money , but they definitely want it back with interest . 
  not to mention that monetizing those gas/oil fields will take years , you just ca n't move faster with that kind of projects . 
  so that wo n't help at all . 
   b ) cyprus starts a chain reaction with nations starting to leave the eurozone , eventually leaving the alleged ` northern ' eurozone countries in a bit of a mess . 
  or not . 
  bank runs in cyprus will probably lead savers with sizable deposits in troubled euro countries to transfer them to for example german banks or invest into assets . 
   i think the optimum scenario right now for a eurozone exit is for the market to react very badly tomorrow due to the deposit levy and then cyprus comes out and rejects the bailout with the market 's support . 
  define market support . 
  if the external value of euro goes a little bit down because of this it has only helped eurozone exporters . 
  if it is just media that is aloud against it , then it does n't count . 
  the only thing could change things is if there would be bank runs in spain or italy , but i would n't count on that . 
  i think that this deal will pass . 
  while politicians may be stupid they still have hundreds and thousands of experts playing out different kind of scenarios . 
  while this current scenario may sound bad , it may very well be the least bad of options available right now . 
  that would be an interesting scenario to happen ... you do understand that some people in some circles have a wish on making an example of what happens if a euro country does n't walk the determined line . 
  for example total collapse of cyprus economy would motivate more troubled eurozone countries to do reforms and cut spending than anything else ... apart of greece falling into anarchy and military taking over civil society . 
  markets are not going to wait for a referendum , they make their own judgement and act upon it , in this case it there would be referendum , the banks would have gone bust and taken large part of the private sector with them before people could have even start discussing what are the options . 
  so it is the fault of eu that greece drove itself into bankruptcy ? 
  and it is the fault of eu that cypriot banks did n't due their due diligence and diversity their portfolio enough to keep risks in check ? 
  if you look at the will of the people in countries contributing to these bailouts , what you see in general is a huge back clash against them . 
  what has happened is that governments have had to move in many times against the will of the people in order to save some country x from trouble that they caused by themselves . 
  in case of cyprus , if the will of the people is that they do n't want a bailout , then that is their choice . 
  however in that case they have to accept the reality that their whole banking sector will go bust and take large size of the other private sector down with it . 
  if they are cool with that then that is a-okay . 
  however what they ca n't demand is other peoples money . 
  why should other eurozone countries have just handed the money to cyprus ? 
  they who ? 
  i do n't like the idea of getting rid of local governments . 
  the problem with it is that centralized power first of all sees everything from a distance thus loosing lots of sight and knowledge relevant to a specific location and secondly bureaucracy supporting the central policy maker would be much huger and much more slower that local government bureaucracies . 
  not forgetting that the system would concentrate lots of power into hands of too few . 
  in my opinion the current system works quite well . 
  we have local governments with local bureaucracies who have very good view and knowledge about local things . 
  they then engage with the eu and via eu with other localities and negotiate solutions that they can live with . 
  and in case of us , yes , they have central figures who can take the blame , but does it really change anything ? 
  us politics have become notorious that it is has become very irrelevant on who you vote for , even corporations pay money to both parties because it really does n't matter . 
  if eu would emulate us , after a certain time period we would all head down the road that the us has already charted for . 
  that maybe not so bright idea . 
  stimulus maybe required , but ... increase of demand in economies that have trade surpluses does n't mean that the money will flow to european countries with trade deficits . 
  it will more likely flow to china and asia in general . 
  the only way increase of demand can be channeled to direct the money to troubled southern economies is by heavy handed intervention of govermeant to markets which likely would break multiple eu rules not to mention international trade agreements . 
  if the aim of stimulus money is to make sure that the situation becomes better in troubled countries is to hand down the money to governments in question . 
  however it will only mean that they have less motivation to engage to both structural reforms that concern the whole society and less motivation to renew inefficient state bureaucracies and services . 
  another option could be to pump out the stimulus money to eib or create new funds , but then in case of these instruments , there is no guarantee that the money will flow to places that are now struggling . 
  more likely it will flow to places that are not so troubled and who have healthy business climate . 
  glad that you changed your mind . 
  if you use it , you accept it . 
  simple as that . 
  nope . 
  you offered a meaning , not a translation . 
  the reason why i pin point to usage of words and phrases is because they tell strongly about attitudes of a person . 
  if you are using a phrase `` whore mothers '' that tells lots about your attitudes against women . 
  and the correct translation is what ? 
  something less demeaning and objectifying to women ? 
  `` whore mothers '' ... that is something that a chauvinist would say . 
   stalin was primary a paranoid dictator who killed off mainly his ( suspected ) opponents . 
  which included whole classes of people who were either executed , deported or starved to death . 
  for example in baltic countries their whole national intelligentsia were decapitated and baltic countries were put under colonization that would in the end have seen the end of these nations . 
  does n't sound much better than what the nazis had in mind . 
  there are no incoming elections , nor has this generated any publicity . 
  the general public is more concerned about general economic situation and possible troubles concerning the eurozone , especially election results in italy and possible bailout of cyprus event thought money laundering is not addressed at the same time . 
  you did read what the author said ? 
   you see someone doing some form of manual labor -- the most respected kind !, 
  -- you are obligated to bellow out a buoyant `` j\u00f5udu ! '', 
  ( which means `` strength '' ) , to which the sweaty snow shoveler or wood chopper or brush clearer grunts `` tarvis ! '', 
  ( `` needed '' ) in a bassy , work-worn , air-gasping voice . 
  why should that be done ? 
  really . 
  if we start from the basis that all work is as needed and as appreciated as any other work , then there is no need to show special kind of gratitude to workers of some jobs . 
  like for in this instance total strangers are doing manual labor and other total strangers who are n't anyway connected to it are required to give them shout outs . 
  does n't make any sense ... 
  however if manual labor and manual laborers are n't appreciated the same way as other professionals , if they are for example looked down , then these kind of sayings make sense . 
  but then again a society where people are looked down due to type of work they do does n't make any sense . 
  to me this kind of behavior tells that there is something wrong in the society . 
  it maybe connected to soviet times , or it maybe connected to a fact that in estonia there were deep class divisions before the soviet occupation because land ownership was very concentrated unlike in nordic countries were there where huge number of small farms . 
  that sounds like you have been brainwashed by some good old communist workers glory propaganda . 
  people get paid to work , there is no need to thank or give any other gesture to them , especially if they are total strangers . 
  of course if you interact with for example cashier , it is basic courtesy to thank them when they give money back , but i ca n't see any reason for saying anything else . 
  4 - 6 mugs a day , cups are for pussies . 
  food and gasoline are fungible , the reason they have went up because global prices have went up . 
  or like do more advanced things and more efficiently via increased automation . 
  well for landed gentry it is good work that they are even able to maintain their properties ... actually uk has lots of venture funding , in 2006 1.78 billion euros , compare this to 875 million of france and 428 million of germany . 
  state funding of entrepreneurs does n't work , because bureaucrats do n't have the capability nor motivation to make good funding decisions . 
  vcs who have earned their own money have proven that they are good with money and they have their self interest in play when they make investments . 
  and in case of crowd funding , again does n't work , the amounts of money are too small and peoples capability to decide on what to fund are inadequate . 
  you do have to understand that the amounts of money that are in play are large . 
  i worked as consultant to startup that burned around at least 8-10 million euros of money in its life time and then went out of business . 
  and that is just peanuts . 
  jolla mobile , company dedicated on building next generation successor for meego phones , got 200 million euros of funding . 
  and lastly , labour controls and red tape are not issues , at least in nordic countries . 
  it was maybe 15-20 years ago , but a lot has changed . 
  still in central and southern europe this still is probably quite true . 
  what americans have and europeans do n't is more capital concentrated on fewer hands . 
  if europe wants to have more vcs , more people with capital , then we need to have deeper income divisions . 
  yes of course , and i was pointing out that it is factually wrong to say that `` the flags under the chicken are the fascist and occupied countries at this time '' , when in the case of finland that was n't true at all .
