  this is fucking white washing . 
  the reality is [ this ] ( http://blogs.euobserver.com/shaxson/2013/04/08/what-the-company-registry-in-cyprus-tax-haven-actually-looks-like/ ) , fucking corporate registry having a 10 year backlog . 
  this is the reality . 
  legislating something does n't matter if you do n't also implement things in reality . 
  i have to say that what should be done to cyprus is to immediately cut the bailout program , no loans at all , and if cyprus decides to re-introduce their own currency again , then throw them out of the eu permanently . 
  if a whole country decides to play against common rules then there is only thing to do , get rid of the said country . 
   are you prepared to inflict the same judgement to other countries , industries or even individuals in your country that similarly produce nothing of value but make enormous profits ? 
  i dare you to say the same thing about wall street , london 's `` city '' , or your own domestic bankers that your government has likely bailed out a hundred times already . 
  my money via taxes is n't going to bailout wall street or the city or finnish banks , neither is my money going to save failed industries . 
  have you noticed that nokia has been in deep trouble for several years ? 
  however is the finnish government bailing out nokia - no they are not !, 
  as my money is not going to any of these , i do n't fucking care !, 
  people can fucking do whatever they want with their money , everything is fine and dandy as long as it is not my money !!!, 
   is it fair for the average cypriot who neither understood nor was complicit in this financial business profiteering to suffer ? 
  do n't be fucking stupid !, 
  you have mother fucking financial industry mother fucking several times bigger than the mother fucking country !!!, 
  how mother fucking stupid you have to be to not fucking understand that you will be severely fucked when things go fucked !!!, 
  fuck you !!!, 
  you had the fucking chance to mother fucking vote and make a fucking difference , but you did n't use it !, 
  so fuck you !, 
  fuck i care !, 
  how about do n't fucking allow banking and financial sector to grow into a point where it dwarfs rest of the economy and where risks that it creates are so massive that the economy does n't have any ability to perform from them . 
  you took risks , you took rewards , thus you need to also take losses . 
  i have zero pity for cypriots , do something fucking useful , pushing and hidings papers is n't fucking productive , it is leeching the god damn global system !, 
  so fuck you all , go and do something productive and earn the fucking money !!, 
  against . 
  this is essentially a call for subsidies to hire youth that will be collected by companies or public organization that would either way hired these same people . 
  if people want to seriously increase youth employment and employment in general then what needs to happen is to make it much easier for companies to fire people and do so without having to pay compensation . 
  that will increase employment as companies have much lower risks on hiring a new guy or gal . 
    the way out of this whole mess is again two fold . 
  first you need to create more business friendly environment , in short cut down and streamline bureaucratic , make it more easy for companies to grow , make it more easy to start new companies ...  details please . 
  * cut down employee protections to the minimum , take example from the [ right-to-work legislation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-to-work_law ) from the us ... 
  this will have two causes , first it will make companies work more efficiently when they can fire inefficient or burdensome employees . 
  second it will make hiring much less riskier thus allowing companies to take more risks and hopefully grow faster . 
  * implement personal bankruptcy legislation , again take example from the us ... 
  this will make starting up of new business less riskier as entrepreneurs in case of failure are n't doomed for the rest of their lives to pay debts . 
  * cut down bureaucracy and streamline the rest of it with it , make it easy to fire public employees , introduce efficiency programs to make sure that public employees perform ... reading these kinds of [ comments ] ( http://www.eyeonspain.com/spain-magazine/bureaucracy-in-spain.aspx ) does n't help foreign investment nor spaniards themselves do anything . 
  that is just three suggestion , i could think more if i had time , but these would be good starts . 
  the problem with spain is basically two fold , traditionally spain has had relatively high unemployment figures even in good times , and then you have the structural change ... 
  the structural change was that traditional spanish industries were downsizing even a decade ago due to increased competition from emerging economies . 
  fortunately and unfortunately there was the construction and property boom and bubble in the 00s fueled both by fed pushing cheap money out and baby boomers retiring money going into retirement investments . 
  this masked the real situation in the spanish economy that was that the economy was shedding jobs . 
  unfortunately following spanish governments did n't nothing to curb down the boom as this would have increased unemployment and led to losing votes , instead spanish governments fueled the boom even more by engaging to dubious infrastructure projects . 
  as the structural change was hidden by construction and property bubble , it was not dealt in time . 
  now spain has two problems ... first of all there are n't enough expanding companies and not enough exporting companies . 
  second problem is that the workforce is specialized on a work industry , construction industry is dead now and for very long time . 
  the way out of this whole mess is again two fold . 
  first you need to create more business friendly environment , in short cut down and streamline bureaucratic , make it more easy for companies to grow , make it more easy to start new companies ... 
  the second is to re-educate the workforce for new skills ... 
  unfortunately this all can easily take 3-5 years before the economy start to grow again , and maybe a decade before it really return to pre-crisis level . 
   socialismo , or even a tamed version of capitalism , also prevents people from dying . 
  just stop with the hyper-neoliberal bullshit . 
  saying that money is important is not neoliberal bullshit , it is a fact of life , recognizing that we live in a finite world where we need to be careful on what we do and where put out resources . 
   again , keep on blaming/punishing the guy that evades 40 $ on his tax , while those that avoid millions by putting their money offshore are untouched . 
  both the guy that evaded 40 $ and the one who evaded millions where both enabled by the greek state !, 
  if people would really have cared about tax evasion , they would have elected people into parliament who would have made it their priority to cut down corruption , cut down tax loops , cut down tax evasion . 
  what you do n't seem to get is that tax evasion and corruption do n't just happen , they are enabled by indifference . 
  in this case indifference to make state efficient and functional . 
   no , it 's because the state is more involved in collecting the taxes big companies own . 
  more taxes are gathered from income and consumption taxes than from corporate and capital gains taxes . 
  not to mention that you missed the whole point . 
  the finnish gdp per capita ( nominal ) in 2012 was 46,098 usd while in greece it was 22,055 . 
  well , what does that mean ? 
  it means that there is more money to pay all expenses . 
  if the greeks would try to run a similar welfare state like finland , they would go bankrupt because there would not be enough money left to invest after huge taxes caused by running all services and benefits . 
  the thing is , if you want to offer more services and benefits , what you need to do is to increase the total amount of money generated by the economy , the more there is , the more there is to share . 
   a country where people do n't have money to buy your products is not a good business environment . 
  we live in a global world . 
  there are fast growing markets in the developing world . 
   as long as there is money to be made , someone will invest . 
  if putting up a new business or a new factory is too risky , then that investment wo n't happen , but instead either those monies will used for consumption or they wo n't go less riskier assets , for example property . 
   true , but once again , the guy dying from hunger in the street is not the one responsible for the decisions of some fat cat . 
  you live in democracy and have free speech and freedom of organization . 
  if you do n't use it and create an impact , then it is your fault . 
  the whole idea behind the new deal just after wwii was exactly that : throw money at governments , those do spending , and money gets into rotation . 
  it 's what helped europe from getting economically sane again . 
  it 's what made money available for private investment . 
  and then you get inflation that you have to fight one day by increasing taxes and decreasing govermeant spending . 
  well then , money it seems is after all important , because it enables , in your word people dying from hunger . 
  but have you noted what you wrote ... you wrote that someone somewhere decided to have more in account somewhere ... well that is n't true at all , there is no someone and somewhere , people know exactly who and where , but instead of doing something they have elected on not doing anything . 
  for example lets take greece , for decades people have cheated on their taxes , not asked receipts , and this was n't because someone decided to do so . 
  it was because nobody saw it important to make tax collection efficient and decrease corruption !, 
  or lets take cyprus , they have been enablers of tax evaders , tax frauds and hiding of criminally earned money . 
  and do remember that both greece and cyprus are democracies , people elected their own leaders , and those leaders failed them again and again . 
  so where should the blame and responsibility go ? 
  edit : the nordic welfare states are only possible because people and companies make money . 
  that money is then taxed and used to provide all those wonderful services that make these societies work and function . 
  however there is constant need to tweak and evolve , the states need to make sure that business environment stays good , that private investment happens , that there is needed workforce in right place , etc. . . and that money that is taxed is used efficiently , that there is as small amount of overhead as there can possibly be . 
  every time the state employes a worker that it does n't really need , then there is either less money for the private sector to invest and grow , or less money to provide those services . 
  it is worth investing if and only if it can be commercialized and put use by industries and corporations . 
  yes , in eastern europe it was forced , and that forcing also started to change up values and things people believed in . 
  if it had not happened , the crash course to democracy and capitalism would n't have been so deep . 
  and not to mention that in now troubled countries , there was no forcing of anything . 
  then they should n't complain on not having money . 
   explain north/south korea or east/west germany differences that arose in 50 years . 
  people were the same initially , only the system changed . 
  i said ... * people in troubled countries had or still have wrong values and ideas on how the society and world in general works * . 
  does n't that quite nicely explain both of your examples ? 
  okey , both in east germany and north korea you either believed to the miracle of communism or were shot . 
  you might want to check in which part of europe people put more emphasis on getting that brand x item ...
