  they just expected that everything would go along , that things would be just rubber stamped . 
  and it was very good that the regulator did its job . 
  for example the structural engineering for the plant building was done , if i recall it correctly , in india and they had completely forgotten that unlike india were the temperature is the same more or less the whole year , in finland it various much , and thus you need to take into account things such as thermal expansion . 
  of course things go always wrong in big project , but it is seriously stupendous to thing how much has gone wrong in the project . 
  tvo made a fixed price contact with areva thus they are covered , the plant will easily pay back its costs . 
  however areva is going to make huge losses out of this due to their ever continuing incompetence . 
  actually i have been very surprised that they have been so incompetent even with dealing on the business side of things . 
  instead of working a new deal with tvo to build a second plant and giving a discount with it that would deal or settle the contractual penalties , they have instead continuously denied their responsibility to delays and to contractual penalties . 
  that is just crazy stupid . 
  they could easily minimize their losses and get good global pr for their plants , but instead it seems people in areva are more worried about covering their own asses for the time being than doing what is right for the whole company . 
  idiots !, 
  they have lots of people with huge amounts of money and recognised universities and research institutes . 
  however they also too much corruption , too much bureaucracy and too much organized crime to allow entrepreneurial culture to succeed and expand . 
  yai for subsidies !, 
  subsidies for everybody !, 
  the million euro question is was this an deviation to the norm or a trend that continuous ... of course this can also be just western bias . 
  russians have their own alphabets and their distinctive architecture , that are n't that familiar to a western viewer , thus making them maybe more foreign that they are . 
  i have many times asked myself if russians would be using latin alphabets or if russia would be fully developed country , would it be so foreign than it is now ... 
  it means that our economic system will always produce a class that makes profit without working for it , adds no value to society and obtains political power . 
  this is a given of our system , which makes it a material reality instead of a figment of imagination , like racism . 
  you are talking about inherited fortunes ? 
  i really do n't see that big problem with it given of course that the state taxes inheritance with adequate amount , at least 10-20 % , and makes as sure as possible that there are n't loopholes for people to avoid paying inheritance taxes . 
  you see inherited fortunes more or less disperse and disappear only in few generations . 
  those people who have inherited and have not had their money disappear are those people who have used , have made the money earn by making right investments . 
  ca n't see anything wrong with that . 
  of course in theory it would be much better for our societies if people could n't inherit , but would always have to earn their fortunes . 
  however the problem with this is that people act irrationally , they want to give inheritance , they want to leave legacies , etc. . . 
  this makes many tick , and if we would remove ability to leave inheritance , we would also remove much work motivation from people and thus would have less products of work to share . 
   i do n't condone a person ogling the girls ' dressing room but i do n't think it 's to be equalized with the owner of a pedophilia ring . 
  although the intent was the same . 
  if those are under-age girls then that somebody either needs to go to jail or rehabilitation , the same with an owner of paedophilia ring . 
  there are two russian borders , the western and eastern . 
  in case of people who say that europe ends at the western border of russia , you might also include putin and co. to this group , they have always promoted russia as an euroasian state with their unique system of sovereign democracy . 
  of course we should n't forget that where as european states have seen themselves as continuation or heirs to the roman empire , the western part of it , russian state has seen itself as continuation of byzantine , the eastern rome . 
  in my honest opinion that i have gathered from few russians , russians see themselves more as an other half to europe , an equal partner to it . 
  where as european countries see themselves as small parts making up europe , manifested in the creation of european union . 
  social mobility problems are not fixed by you-are-not-part-of-us mentality . 
  they are fixed by the society accepting the idea of meritocratic society and then continuously working and tweaking the system to ignore individuals background , thus to enable individuals fullfil their potential . 
   because not talking about it makes it goes away ? 
  class distinction is n't something like racism or homophobia . 
  class is a material reality , and thus should be adressed on that level . 
  what do you mean by material reality ? 
  do you mean that persons class is defined on how much he/she makes ? 
  that really does n't fly . 
  in the old times class was something that you inherited . 
  something that you had no control over , and something that defined your life , for example dictated your marriage opportunities . 
  it was also something that was handy excuse to break the system , to protect one self class or class placement . 
  however that was then this is now . 
  when i studied in the university , i had friends from poor to rich families , all attending the same classes , all earning the same degree , and all had got their place at the university by making it past the same entrance exam . 
  today one 's place in society is more or less determined by that one 's natural abilities and determinations - opportunities are the same no matter what your family is . 
  not to mention that more or less everybody who take active part to the society , can lead a pleasant and fulfilling life . 
   of course . 
  but you ca n't regard a person or a small group responsible for a great extraction of wealth from society the same way as someone who payed his plumber under table because `` everyone else does it '' . 
  the intent is the same . 
  it is the same thing . 
  if condone paying the plumber under the table then you are condoning the ceo without a moral guidance to fraud taxes . 
  you people do understand that a country can be in multiple of geographical groups . 
  for example finland is a nordic country , northern european country , and a western european country . 
  all these designations are culture/political and have very little to do with actual geography . 
  for crying out loud , the definition of europe is still in under question , some say it ends at urals , some say it ends at the russian border . 
   my talking in terms of classes is a deliberate attempt to increase the idea that society is in fact divided in classes . 
  words are tools you know , which have the power to create realities . 
  well that is to be expected from a zombie lenin , but that does n't mean that it is wise , at least if the end result you want , your vision of perfect future is a classless society . 
   that i can agree with . 
  but of course , the repercussions of tax fraud on the ` higher ' echelons of society tend to be much greater . 
  how would someone make up for millions of euros diverted from the public ? 
  damage per person is n't of course the same , but when in some sector of the economy it comes practice to fraud taxes you do n't anymore have few individuals skimming in taxes , but thousands to tens of thousands of people committing the same thing - that is were real damage is born . 
  actually in all honesty this kind of damage is even more harmful as it can force honest workers and entrepreneurs to skim on their taxes , leading the whole society on a path of moral destruction . 
  how can people still talk about bourgeois class ? 
  most european countries are in practice more or less classless . 
  talking about classes only enhances idea of society being formed out of different classes , not decreasing it . 
  i 'm not saying that cracking down on tax fraud is wrong , quite the contrary , is is very important to do so . 
  however i ca n't really see how one can enjoy it more when a rich person is caught from doing it than when a blue-collar workman is caught doing it . 
  both have done equally wrong and have to make up to the society damages that they have caused . 
  you write as if having a good economy , having a job , and having positive future prospects come out of nowhere . 
  the thing is that all of these things are earned , they do n't come automatically . 
  i myself have had to work all my life to get into position where i am ... getting throe school , getting into a university , graduating , relocating , starting a business , jumping into another business , relocation , working in a company a , jumping into corporation b , jumping into corporation c. . . all the time having a constant heat on my tail to learn more , to more productive , to be more innovative , as if i am not , then i 'm not going to be employed . 
  someone else will get the job , or will be done in india , china or south-korea ... one needs to re-educate and re-innovate oneself all the time . 
  right now while working i 'm planning to found a new start-up , going back to open uni to learn new skills . 
  if a country or individuals want to succeed , they need constant work to achieve that . 
  it is life time exercise on being ever more faster , ever more efficient , more flexible , etc. . . 
  economies change and the economic change is ever more faster , this means that we need to accept that all of us will with high certainty have to jump between professions and industries at least few times in our life . 
  that is the way things are , people need to accept it . 
  devaluation of a currency is a nice idea , but there are serious negative consequences on doing so . 
  first of all energy prices will jump hire as oil and gas are imports . 
  second of all , having a risk of devaluation will make the economy less efficient as companies have to either incur transaction and currency risks if they want to leverage global supply chains or they have to settle down on using only domestic supplies if there are even any on hand . 
  revolutions wo n't make the gdp grow . 
  of course you can cut subsidies . 
  if you are working in an industry that is working only due to subsidies , then you and the industry are working on borrowed time . 
  if you do n't make plans and prepare for the future , it is your own fault when subsidies end and you have to deal with the reality . 
  in my opinion people in europe in general need to start understanding that themselves are responsible for their own welfare . 
  people demand everything and blame society for everything , and not once they ask themselves what i can do to make my life better . 
  the change starts from individuals taking responsibility of their lives . 
  that is an important lesson that people need to take . 
  if they did accept that , there would n't have been any negotiations , mines would have been closed straight away . 
  what the miners did was to use their political power to pressure govermeant that was preparing for new elections that they were in danger to use , to gain advantage for them in exchange for not causing trouble . 
  that is a bit unethical . 
  but lets think about this in a big picture . 
  we have the subsidies that are paid from taxes that people have paid , and from debts that the state has taken . 
  should n't the state especially in a very bad time use their monies as efficiently as possible ?
