  but hey , how are you going to solve the problems ? 
  how are you going to make sure that tax evasion , tax fraud , money laundering , corruption , general lawlessness and general inefficiency of state actors are tackled ? 
  you really just ca n't say give money , we figure something out someday . 
  you need to put a plan up , how will you remove all these ills from southern societies in lets say 5 or 10 years ? 
  if you want to get , you need to put up . 
  i could also ask you why do you hate organized society and law and order so much that you do n't want to do anything against criminals ? 
  euro will survive , there is no question about that because for any country , especially those in economic trouble , there is no real alternative . 
  but lets go back to the us and wealth transfers . 
  if there would be wealth transfers , then member states would need to give something back , that something being national sovereignty . 
  if you want to have wealth transfer then we make sure that those transfers will do actual help and start to fix problems ... what we need at least is ... * federal tax authorities with over riding jurisdiction . 
  if in some member state or region there is too much corruption , then the federals come in and take charge , fire anybody who does n't co-operate , start investigations and put authorities in scope . 
  * federal police and security authorities with over riding jurisdiction . 
  if some member state or region has problems keeping the law and order up , then federals need to come again do their business . 
  if needed , for example if there are riots , then federals can declare martial law and shutdown the civil society until law and order has been reclaimed . 
  then there are many things could be done and probably will be done ... * making usage of cash illegal , all transactions need to be electronic and they need to be saved for years to come for authorities to track down if needed . 
  * making european wide personal registration , every citizen and permanent resident is registered , given identification number and had a biometric identification information taken , such as blood samples , finger prints , etc. . * making banking and company legislation harmonious , cutting down all loop holes and special cases . 
  if you evade taxes , you are going to jail . 
  if you launder money , you are going to jail . 
  no questions asked . 
  if you want wealth transfer , then the only way to do it to transform the rest of europe to look and act the same way as north is doing . 
  and yes , many of these things have n't been enabled in north , but they are things that will be enacted to make sure societies run effectively and in case southern and eastern europe , very harsh measures are needed to bring the whole mess under control and transformed . 
   ( as i explained in this column a fortnight ago , the big problem with german policy is not what it asks others to do but what it does not do itself . 
  it should help adjustment across the eurozone by boosting its own domestic demand . ), 
  yes , if i would have more money i would definitely spend more of it . 
  maybe buy a new apple ipad or lenovo thinkpad or jump from toyota to lexus . 
  definitely increased consumer spending would help situation in cyprus , greece or spain . 
  no question about it . 
  yeah and other eu countries had to bailout germany and france spending trillions of euros to set them back up again ... oh wait . 
  they did n't need a bailout !, 
  so , it is north 's fault that the south does n't produce enough goods and services that people in the north , or outside the eu would want to buy ? 
  and loss of competitiveness ? 
  you do understand that north does n't have anything to do with this , it is not fault of northern states that china , india and the developing world at large have increased their level of industrialization and have increased very much their level of sophistication . 
  you do understand that the reason why northern countries like germany and finland do well is because they have continuously developed their competitiveness and supported development of new industries . 
  for example in 2003 and 2004 machine industries were screaming bloody murder up here because the external value of euro had increased so much that it was suffocating companies . 
  now instead of complaining about it , companies and corporations either reorganized their functioning or renewed what they were doing ... not to mention that in the 00s many finnish collages and universities started special programs for game development , thanks to that , finland has now fast growing game industry that last year produced over 250 million of revenue , and the business is just growing more and more . 
  again , how it is the fault of north that south does n't produce enough , or has n't kept up with global markets ? 
  wait a minute , in the beginning of 90s there was an economic slow down in the economy all around the developed world . 
  the slow down only started go away during the last half of the 90s thanks to internet - and telecommunication booms . 
  blind wealth transfers will just act as an punishment for northern countries for establishing suitable environment for businesses to succeed and grow . 
  not to mention that by taking the money away , it will strangle new growth and development in here where the money actually produces results . 
  the worst case scenario with wealth transfers is that the money taken away from here , it will be miss spend in south producing no new sustainable growth , and there will be new growth and development up here because there is less money . 
  i 'm a-okay with eus current usage of money for example to build new infrastructure alongside with the member states , but economic problems in the south wo n't be fixed by increasing number of motorways , airports , bridges or development funds . 
  the problems in south can only fixed by creating suitable environment for businesses to act and grow , for example not strangling businesses with bureaucracy and too tight labor legislation , and increasing govermeant efficiency , more work with less people . 
  lastly but not least , the loopsided trade is with china and energy producers . 
  there only two countries in the eu that have balanced trade with china , those two are germany and finland . 
  what the southern countries need to do is to increase their exports outside the eu . 
  can we get subsidy because of this ? 
  finns make more suicides than people in for example greece , italy , spain or portugal , we need more help to get over the suicide problem . 
  if and when the eu will progress with the banking and fiscal union , having one regulator with one set of rules for banks and corporations , that will be the end for both cyprus and luxembourg as financial centers . 
  these two places have significant financial industry not because of their sophisticated and efficient services they offer , but because they are willing to close their eyes for a sum of money . 
  no need to be sorry . 
  everyone has already forgotten it , like the writer of the article ;-), 
  hide ? 
  hide ??? 
  really ??? 
  [ what the finns need to know about portugal ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgdrijm-pqq ), 
  that is a good question ... 
  there is mixing between the groups in areas which are dominantly finnish speaking , because in those places swedish speakers usually tend to also speak good finnish . 
  in places where there are more swedish speaking people the groups mix less . 
  most finnish speakers unfortunately just do n't learn the language . 
  for example [ krista siegfrids ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf-rehhzbuc ) , this years finnish eurovision winner , when she was studying in vaasa , she really did n't know how to speak finnish . 
  i know this because her boyfriend was my roommate , a swedish speaker also . 
  and that is pretty typical example , even if you are a very smart person , like krista , but grow up in community where people only speak one language , then it is kind of hard to learn the other language . 
  and of course there are cultural differences . 
  for example two of my then roommates , both swedish speakers , had a big and very long dispute that spanned months , i only learned it months later when my other roommate told about it . 
  if we all would have been finnish speakers then there would have been no question about me noticing it . 
  that is just one small example of cultural differences . 
  luckily many of the cultural differences are becoming less obvious as younger finnish and swedish speaking generations are more relaxed , outgoing and cosmopolitan . 
  of course not in the all places , some places still have been left in time , 
  maybe more culturally , i 'm inclined more to positive thinking , definitely more of a swedish trait than finnish :-d my parents immigrated to sweden in the 70s and we moved back to finland in the 80s . 
  finnish do n't know how to make good blodpalt . 
  i was born in sweden and my favorite food baked was blodpalt served with apple jam , unfortunately when my family moved to finland we stopped eating both blodpalt and apple jam because in here we seem to be unable to make it as good as swedes . 
  and m\u00e4mmi , that is just horrible . 
  there are two foods rig now that are on my mind , both very popular in finland , but both also are loaned ... [ cabbarage rolls ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cabbage_roll ) ...  k\u00e5ldolmar are swedish cabbage rolls filled with minced pork meat , and in some cases rice . 
  they are usually eaten with boiled potatoes , gravy and lingonberry jam . 
  k\u00e5ldolmar are also popular in denmark and in finland , where they are known in finnish as kaalik\u00e4\u00e4ryle ( plural kaalik\u00e4\u00e4ryleet ) . 
  [ 6 ]   the dish is considered to be a variety of the dolma , common in eastern mediterranean countries . 
  after losing the battle of poltava in 1709 charles xii of sweden fled to the city of bender , in moldavia , then controlled by the ottoman empire . 
  there he spent two years in exile , trying to convince the ottoman empire to help him defeat the russians . 
  charles returned to sweden and he was followed by some of his ottoman creditors whom he had borrowed money from to finance his wars . 
  the ottoman creditors lived in stockholm between 1716 and 1732 , and during this time it is most likely that the dolma was introduced in sweden . 
    it is first mentioned in a famous swedish cookbook written by cajsa warg , in 1755 . 
    in sweden `` k\u00e5ldolmens dag '' ( day of the cabbage roll ) is celebrated on 30 november , the death day of charles xii of sweden with the purpose stated by its initiators to hail the multifaceted swedish cultural heritage involving national symbols with immigrant background . 
  it is arranged by `` k\u00e5ldolmens v\u00e4nner '' ( friends of the cabbage roll ) . 
    nowadays you can buy frozen ` k\u00e5ldolmar ' in any big food store . 
  it is especially known as staple in northern european home cooking . 
  it is a dish of cooked macaroni and a mixture of egg and milk with additional ingredients like meats , vegetables or fish . 
  it is commonly made with cheese and/or breadcrumbs sprinkled on top . 
    the dish is reminiscent of frittata , with the main difference being that it is baked entirely in the oven . 
  it is usually eaten with ketchup . 
  most of the italian debt is owned by italians themselves . 
  well the situation in iceland was bit different ... first of all iceland had their own currency . 
  this allowed them to declare that all depositors who had deposits in icelandic branches of the banks would get fully covered as their deposits where denominated in icelandic krona . 
  essentially the state just issued new money and the domestic situation was handled with it . 
  however , at that point icelandic krona became `` worthless '' and its exchange was disrupted . 
  no banks were willing to exchange it . 
  the only way out of this was ** 2.1 billion usd bail-out loan ** from the imf and instituting capital controls which were in 2012 still in usage . 
  so the question is , are you really prepared to live in a situation where you have zero euros , or you have the cypriot pound back but it is worthless in the short term and in the mid term will be loose much of its value . 
  no new ipads or laptops for you in that case . 
  the problem with this kind of thinking is that you do n't have any idea on how much pain there will be and much destruction it will cause .
