  every month when i get my pay check , after deducting living expenses including abbreviation for apartment and car loans , i have approx 700 euros of money that i have no particular use . 
  currently , under the 30 % capital tax , what i do with my money is to invest it into stocks . 
  i make constantly valuations of what i see are future prospects of different smes and invest into their stocks , or pull out if i see their market conditions worsening . 
  i myself am making valuation work , but the money is too working , it is capital , it is the money that enables companies to function . 
  now lets say there would be 75 % tax on capital gains . 
  would i invest into stocks ? 
  hell no !, 
  i will either consume it or put somewhere where it ca n't be taxed . 
  it is my money , i worked for it , i earned it and paid taxes for it , i 'm not going to pay even more taxes on investing it . 
  and the reason why i 'm saving and investing the money to stocks is that i want to gain some capital , so that one day when the opportunity arise , i or my friends have a good idea with good timing , i can leave my current job and create new start-up . 
  hopefully get rich by starting it . 
  however if there would 75 % tax on capital gains , you know what , i would n't be starting a start-up - what is the point of starting a company , taking risks and working your ass off so that the government can take 75 % of the gains i make ? 
  fuck that , if that would be the case i would either pack my bags or just settle down drinking beer . 
  it may be because they have n't never ever seen how bad things can go . 
  i visited the ussr with my parents when i was child , it was horribly poor place , everything was broken and there was nothing working and the people had absolutely nothing . 
   `` capital gains and dividends will now be subject to the income tax regime '' that is pure madness , the society punishes successful people on being successful . 
  what is the point of working hard or starting a business if you ca n't become rich ? 
  taxes like this will just shut-down any creativity and risk taking from the society . 
  i really ca n't understand how hard it is to accept that rich people , people who have gained their wealth by themselves or increased it immensely , are actually very good at handling money and investing it to right places ? 
  if you do n't have rich people , you do n't have angel investors or venture capitalists , and if you do n't have those people making investments , then you do n't have new start-ups and ventures , and you do n't have new booming companies and industry sectors . 
  pure madness . 
  with policies like these , the french will be assembling electronics for the chinese in 50 years . 
  just a note . 
  while a person of 65 is nearing retirement age , 55 and 56 year old are not of old age . 
  the point was that before the eec and creation of the single market , member states engaged to prevent foreign companies to come to their market by creating indirect barriers of trade , such as legislating different standards . 
  ieee does n't help , because when a country a says legislation is this , then that is the standard in that country . 
  this problematic for all manufacturer in all countries , but it is even more problematic for producers in small countries as they have smaller markets to protect , and thus smaller competitive advantage to be given for their domestic producers via usage of indirect trade barriers . 
  and if we go back to light bulbs , the case you mentioned is only true in those house holds that use direct electric heating . 
  however when you for example use district heating , then it really does n't matter . 
  another thing to note is that energy saving lights last longer . 
  i have bought my current lights when i moved to my apartment few years ago , and those same lights are still going on . 
  what use is there for free movement of goods if the german standard for light bulbs is different than the estonian or french ? 
  not to mention that the german standard and legislation was produced by help of local firms who are able to satisfy the standard requirements , while foreign competitors ca n't . 
  there are n't any more import restrictions , they were removed in 2003 more or less . 
  private individuals can import alcohol as much as they want for private consumption if they bring it to the country by themselves . 
  however if an individual orders alcohol , then he or she has to pay alcohol taxes two days after receiving alcohol . 
  companies however have to pay alcohol taxes . 
  alcohol tax for example in finland is a consumption tax based on the amount of alcohol content . 
  it does n't really distort the market as it does n't favour any particular alcohol make . 
  well , what else is there to do ? 
  there are still people working and companies producing in spain . 
  the way out of this crisis is n't by wrecking the economy more . 
  what needs to be done is to cut down spending , and re-aim the economy to be more export oriented , so in time spain will have trade surplus , and not trade deficit that it has had for who knows how long . 
  some northern banks will go bust , but that is all good . 
  we should have a good clearing of banks , there are too many already in the european market . 
  in soviet union everybody had a job , but nobody had anything . 
  if you do n't have a job , go find a one , or start preparing to creating your own business . 
  the thing is that greece , portugal and spain are running huge trade and balance of payment deficits . 
  if any of them would introduce a new currency , in the long run their currencies would be worth as much as their yearly exports are , not more . 
  in case of greece and portugal , they would have to cut imports approx 10 % of their gdp , that is huge amount of money . 
  however in short term , it is even worse , as nobody knows how bad the effects of introduction new currency will be , it has no value , you can then say goodbye to foreign luxury items such as oil and gas . 
  euro area summit statement was n't a contract or a treaty , at best it was muddy mix of words to calm down the market . 
  if you want to make a deal , then you need a written contract , a treaty , until that there is n't nothing that has been promised and nothing that needs to be delivered . 
  the eu institutions are n't the ones paying the bill , the member states and their taxpayers are . 
  and for taxpayers the idea of using esfm or esm to directly capitalize spanish banks is suicidal , if and when the banks would go bankrupt , it would be loss of european tax payers money , thus if spain wants to rescue its banks then it needs to loan the money itself . 
  now in case spain does n't want to recapitalize its banks , then it should start lobbying for moving the whole banking sector under eu authority , but they are n't doing it because states still want to enjoy windfall taxes and cosy position in banks . 
  or another option is to just let cajas go bankrupt , but that again would hit politicians and the state had . 
  any way , it is n't acceptable to send the bill for bank rescue to other member states . 
  what can you buy with a currency that does n't have any worth ? 
  democratically elected heads of state are n't dictators , they always have to get permission from the parliament . 
  not to mention that the current situation is something that was n't ever negotiated when the euro was formed - bailing out countries and having joint liabilities . 
  spain has n't asked bailout package yet . 
  what they have done is to probe and lobby terms for it . 
  austerity , or cutting down spending , in spain is totally result of balancing the budget and economy . 
  lets not forget that spain has had current account balance deficit for more than decade . 
  you ca n't forever build your economy on ever expanding foreign investment . 
  have you ever heard about supply and demand ? 
  if there is more demand than supply prices will rise , if the situation is vice versa , then prices will go down . 
  if you artificially dictate prices , freeze them in a level , that will only mean that those who have rented apartment will save money , but it does n't decrease for apartments because there wo n't magically be more housing available . 
  the correct way to fix the situation is increase supply , by building more apartment , and making those apartments that are not in demand due to location more lucrative by building better transit options . 
  another option is to move public services to places were there are more housing available . 
  for example if students have hard time to find affordable housing from city , then school/university should be relocated out side the city . 
  the same is true with other government jobs , for example if state departments and agencies can be decentralized into smaller towns to ease pressure in central cities . 
  ok . hope you get your independence . 
  i have to say that i 'm unfortunately lazy enough not to contact any body , making a comment in reddit is enough . 
  not to mention that i truest the markets will eventually solve this whole mess . 
   the opening of a transparent and democratic constituent process in order to draft a new constitution , with the participation of all citizens , so that you possibly own because we do not recognize any of the current democratic constitution , drafted by a clique to backs of the people , and consecrated the domination of the heirs of francoism and who made a pact with them . 
  it must be the people who determine the model of social organization in which you want to live , and not vice versa . 
  you are free to do what you want , but you have to respect european legislation or you will be dropped out of the single market . 
   the audit of the public debt of spain , with moratorium on debt payments until you have clearly defined the items that must be paid by the nation , as they have served private interests who used the country for their own purposes and not of all spanish citizens . 
  we also demand the prosecution of all those who show suspicious of such maneuvers , and to respond with their property in case of being convicted . 
  that is straight out default . 
  markets do n't care about your opinion on are the debts rightful or not . 
  this will essentially shut spanish state out of money markets and prevent it from engaging into public investment in the future that is n't based on using budget surplus funds . 
   the immediate repeal of all the cuts and reforms against the welfare state taken with the excuse of the crisis , and involving restrictions of rights and freedoms of citizens , it is a disaster not only for the country but taxes have been betraying the people 's will . 
  and with what money are you going to pay up all the expenses ? 
  the state does n't have money , and if you raise taxes you wo n't get money that you are missing . 
  the only option is to drop out of the euro , but that will mean that your money is n't worth anything for a while , that is n't nice when winter is coming and you need oil and gas for heating and transportation . 
   the immediate cessation of all evictions , and the provision of the population to social rental price of homes owned by banks and who have been helped by public funds . 
  that probably is against european legislation , you ca n't dictate private entities to rent at a certain price . 
  well that really is n't a problem anyway , because if you do n't implement cuts and get a bailout from europe , you wo n't have any banks any more . 
   the creation of new jobs , the first premise is sustainability , and whose purpose is the development of humanity and consistent management of available jobs so that all citizens can work to live but is not obliged to live to work . 
  it is a huge deception that has to work increasingly fallacy supported by the greed of the big interests and against the interests of ordinary people . 
  soviet union tried that , but they failed miserably . 
  you need private enterprises and entrepreneurship to create jobs and prosperity . 
  does not compute . 
  in the usa people go to community collages that largely resemble european vocation schools . 
  [ vocational education in the united states ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vocational_education_in_the_united_states ) in case of plumbers , barbers and restaurants being independent , that is mostly due to both small size of markets and due to strict labour legislation . 
  for example lets say you develop a franchising concept for barbers ... * finnish market with only 5 million consumers is too small to support overhead created by the franchising organization . 
  * finnish labour legislation makes it too risky for a corporation to rent space and hire barbers into them : if you have bad location or some barbers due to time become not so customer friendly , it becomes very expensive to get rid of them .
