  my girlfriend speaks farsi with her mother and with her all relatives . 
  if they are having a family meeting , it easily goes that they are speaking farsi the whole time , and in some cases they change to use kurdish if there are few other speakers there . 
  the love for the language and culture is so strong that my girlfriend , actually fianc\u00e9e now , would want to transmit the language to our children when we one day hopefully get them ... 
  i already feel pity for our future children , they have to not just learn finnish , hebrew , but also farsi ... well , that is their problem , not mine  however you are right , she is a rare gem and to be honest , it was more of her finding me than me finding her . 
  but that is a different story , 
  you hopefully understand that justice will be delivered to all employees of putin 's troll factories , you too . 
  tell that to ukrainians that are dying on defending their country from russian aggression , from aggressor who says that there is no ukrainian nationality , no ukrainian language , no ukrainian people , that they are just small russians who speak funnily . 
  go there and tell that russia is not evil . 
  if you go there , you might want to also stop in estonia and in other baltic countries . 
  there are still people alive who were persecuted under soviets . 
  my work colleague , a middle aged woman from estonia , her grand father was send to siberia and died there . 
  her grand mother had to go hiding for years in soviet occupied estonia , moving from one roof into shelter of another by herself and with her small children , year after year . 
  they survived miraculously . 
  but have they received any apology from russia , have old soviet officials put to court to face charges on crimes against humanity , no , they have n't received any justice . 
  yes , i do know middle-ages were n't the dark ages , many great things achievement happened in europe like building of notre dame , but i would say that middle ages were different from renaissance and age of discovery . 
  my friend is half finnish half palestinian ( actually would say 100 % finnish ) , anyway ... 
  he said that , yes people are very generous in middle-east , but it is n't altruistic . 
  in that culture , if an friend gives you an expensive gift , you kinda have to give an expensive gift back to him at some point in the future . 
  my friend said that his father had to spend quite much time to get used to an idea , that people thought he did or gave something without expecting getting something back later . 
  the same , however in smaller scope is true with my few somalian friends . 
  they are always at the bar offering another bottle of wine , which i of course do also , but it just leads to more wine being drank that is necessary . 
  i have also noted with my iranian israeli girlfriend is that she a little bit keeps record on who has offered or done something . 
  i am not saying that we finns just take what we are offered , but usually do n't go to extremes , and if we do , we really do n't expect anything back . 
  what catholic church and the first universities did was to transmit the knowledge of antiquities to european middle age societies . 
  however what set universities apart from madrasas was that they did n't stop and limit themselves inside the restriction of religion . 
  the needs of people and societies for more information and knowledge expanded restrictions set by religion until the restriction were abolished completely . 
  i can also say my claim otherwise : if europe and the west would have stayed as strictly religious societies , even theocracies , they could have never developed scientific method and thus could not have progressed as fast as they did as they would have been limited not only by religious boundaries , but by a religious society that would not welcomed questioning and knowledge challenging their underlining world view . 
  communism , the ideology praising for killing a whole class of people ? 
  how is that not evil in the same class nazism ?!, 
  ussr , what you attribute to stalin i attribute to russian imperialist traditions , xenophobia and chauvinism . 
  if there would n't have been fuel , then stalin and other could never have done what they did . 
  not to mention the subjugation and destruction of minorities still continue . 
  baltic people were almost colonized to death in their own countries , inside the russia itself enacted policies have always aimed at removal of all other people and their cultures . 
  this goes even so long to question and deny existence of ukrainian nationality , language and culture . 
  the worst thing is that there is no regret . 
  no atonement of sins . 
  nothing has been learned at all . 
  the fact of the matter is that russia is enemy of the free world . 
  the only way it can join again the civilized world is to purge all the remnants of russian and soviet imperialism from it and atone the committed sins like the germans have done . 
  that is the only way . 
  as long as this will not happen , and as putin has shown the true face of russia , finns as all other nations bordering russia will prepare for war and let me tell you , if russia ignites a war , this time any war will end to destruction of moscow and the annihilation of its elite . 
  either russians wake up now and take their country back and put their leaders and security official to gallows or the rest of the world will do it . 
   honestly those things are widely practiced by the youth here . 
  but some youth are even becoming radical willingly so i do n't know what the future holds . 
  i asked this question because i see the reason why western societies are so developed and prosperous is that religion since the start of renaissance has been pulling back from our societies little by little , giving space to ration , thus giving birth to our scientific and technical civilization . 
  when i look at middle-east and north africa , i do n't see lots of traces of pulling back of the religion from societies . 
  of course my contacts with the people in the area are not extensive , thus i want to know what are actual opinions of people living there . 
  when will you all abandon your faith and become atheist ? 
  or at least non practicing muslims - sex , booze and pork for everybody ? 
  if you were a pacifist in the ussr you were either in gulag or in jail . 
  i find display of this poster highly disturbing . 
  posted here it again tries to display ussr and communism in positive light , white washing the sins of the most deadliest and evil ideology and regime the planet has ever faced . 
  please also my other response in [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33wnxw/finlands_election_the_finns_moment/cqq3ndq ) ...  even though you are considered to be `` the best country in the world '' , with less government debt to gdp than the us or germany , you still have to cut ? 
  it is getting harder and harder to understand contemporary european politics without resorting to conspiracy theories . 
  the reason why we have to cut down government spending is because due to stagnation of our economy and due to declining workforce , if we do n't do anything , we will soon reach 80 % to 100 % dept to gdp level . 
  thus it is better to start cutting down now than to risk on putting the country and future generations to a position where they have to fare with less to pay back debts used to pay for the welfare of older generations . 
  but let me open up this issue a little more . 
  in finland ... * ... like i said before we have a situation where our workforce is declining . 
  the biggest problem that we have is funding our pension system . 
  our pension system , like all western systems , is n't fully funded , but only partially . 
  when the pension system was started , the amounts contributed to it where small compared to current levels , not to mention much of the then contributed money was used to pay pensions of even older generation , thus we have pension deficit . 
  this would n't matter if we would have growing population or at least successive generations would be same sized . 
  this means that smaller workforce has to pay for pensions and benefits of larger generations . 
  * ... we have created a term called sustainability deficit . 
  the idea of sustainability deficit is that we have to also account for future expenses and obligations that are not fully funded yet . 
  the aim of political decision making in the long term is to narrow this gap . 
  the time frame on which under we are working is the next 20 - 30 years . 
  the decision and spending that we will do today will after people in 2030 and in 2050 . 
  * ... we have understood that cutting does n't have to mean that we will have less services or have worser welfare state . 
  by automating and streamlining public sector systems and work , less workers are needed to deliver same results and less waste is generated . 
  this can mean both huge systems and small system enchantments that make the system more efficient . 
  a good example of a small enhancement comes from helsinki region hospitals , they connected their internal hour reporting system to personnel management system . 
  every time a manager had more than certain percent of his/her staff on sick leave , the system would send the manager a task go out and read instruction on what to do , and send links to report about doing what the instruction said . 
  this little innovation saves more than one million eur in lost work every year and has made the hospital system better place to work as it forces managers to solve real problems of their staff that causes them to be sick : over working , stress , other problems at work , etc. . 
  thus the answer to your wondering is that we put more emphasis on the microeconomics than on macro-level . 
   if you have time , i 'll be thankful for some insights . 
  you are in luck , i am in between clients so i have time to reply . 
  lets start from your quote ...  `` when a pulp factory closes , that can be 400 people , '' said sirpa paatero , a government minister handing out campaign leaflets in the windswept town square . 
  `` the new companies coming up employ one , or two or three . 
  that 's just not enough . '', 
  first of all lets on cause and effect . 
  the cause of a pulp factory closing down in finland is n't because of austerity in finland or in europe , the closing of the pulp factory is due to a ) * change in the market situation ( less need for paper because of digitalization ) * and b ) * factory becoming old and not being any more economical to run and especially not to renew machinery in it * . 
  however that is n't the real cause of unemployment , the real cause of raising unemployment is failure to diversify industries and speed up local industrial renewal . 
  unfortunately many small finnish towns and regions have failed decade after decade on supporting efforts to diversify and create new businesses , this is also partial national failure . 
  however there is a big , but in here ... 
  the reason why many town and regions have had difficulty on industrial renewal and diversification is that the only reason that they had any industries to begin with was because of government making investment to them via government owned companies . 
  let me make an example of kemij\u00e4rvi , a small town in eastern lapland ... * in 50s and 60s the area had high unemployment and the government decided that having a pulp factory would ease up the unemployment . 
  however the private sector companies including consultants from jaakko p\u00f6yry quickly calculated that the investment would never be profitable , thus government decided to start a new company and build a pulp mill there . 
  the company made heavy losses in its three first years and was then joined to be part of another government owned company . 
  * in 70s there was again problems with unemployment , and when government was creating a new company to manufacture color televisions , a heavily subsidized television tuner factory was started in kemij\u00e4rvi to supply parts for televisions to be assembled around 1000km away from it . 
  the government owned television maker made soon a bankruptcy and the factory in the town was sold to another finnish company that ended up being a supplier to nokia . 
  as you can understand , neither the pulp mill nor the electronic component factory would have been located into the town under normal conditions . 
  thus it was not a surprise that when enough time had based , these factories would be eventually shutdown and would not be replaced by anything else . 
  this is a major ongoing issue in finnish industrial transformation . 
  many of the projects of finnish regional policy have come to their end . 
  the biggest regional policy project was the city of oulu that for time became one of the nokia hubs due to government investing heavily into local university and subsidizing and favoring companies that located there . 
  luckily oulu is so big that they should eventually be able to diversify and renew their industrial base . 
  you might ask what is the problem investing and creating companies and industries in places were there is non ? 
  the problem is that government investments have had suboptimal returns , essentially the money has been more or less wasted , and they have corrupted the market : there is a finite need for pulp in the market , by building heavily subsidized unit to kemij\u00e4rvi , what was lost was a pulp factory in a better location that would have been more profitable and efficient and to which private sector would have invested . 
  another problem is that the money government is using is essentially tax payers money , when government taxes more , there is less ability of private individuals and companies to invest by themselves .
