  please , have the vote next year , so i can be sure to save this post and show it to you when it gets the biggest no in history . 
  hahaha . 
  true finns soared not because of eu , but because there are large number of peoples who have been left behind . 
  essentially we have two finlands , we have the global intellectual and entrepneuring finland that is highly connected and engaged to global trade , and then we have finland that is dreaming on returning to 70s . 
   no , that is a federation . 
  like the us . 
  or germany . 
  socialism is a system that you can read about here . 
  link . 
  a federation is a political entity link.federations share debt for example , and have huge transfers . 
  not this federation . 
  both us and germany would fare better if their federal govermeants could n't be financed with debt and if member states would have to make sure their finances are in order . 
  you do n't emulate failure to become successful , you innovate new to gain success . 
  as the eu is starting to put pressure on switzerland , on what point do you think you made mistake and should have not voted in favour of immigration quotas ? 
   giving up their independence as countries . 
  finland - are you looking forward to be ruled from brussels ? 
  small countries are never really independent , they are independent only in the frames confined by external powers . 
  thus the question of independence is moot . 
  the main thing that for example finnish state should aim is preserving finnish language , culture and way of life , after those things have been achieved they should concentrate on making sure finland is wealthy country . 
  in this context , having the eu transform to a federation does n't really interfer with the primary mission of the finnish state . 
   sharing the debt . 
  will the rest of the ez look forward to pay off greece 's debt for example ? 
  that is socialism . 
  in market driven capitalistic system states can and will go from time to time bankcrupt , and that is a-okey . 
  do remember that all new eurozone bonds contain clauses for renogation of the debt if necessary . 
   financial transfer - permanent . 
  will for example the netherlands be fine with lowering their standard of living to make sure that the portuguese get their pensions , the spanish schools work - and of course , that the north lower their standard so that the south get their increased . 
  how will for example the budget in the netherlands/finland/germany look like of you cut it 20 % to give to more needy countries.are you ok that the poorer countries , who might outnumber you will vote about that?oh , and they have decided that it is 40 % they are going to take from you btw . 
  again socialism . 
  we do n't need any financial transfers besides the current ones that the eu already has . 
  what we need is change of thinking . 
  is it the job of state and society to provide you pension , or should it maybe your responsibility to provide it ? 
  of course states and societies can decide that they will provide this , but if that burden drives them to bankcrupchy , its their own problem . 
  some old geezers singing something and making a third rate music video ? 
  what to be proud ? 
  in what dimension do you live ? 
  if allposters.com would give sales figures , i would bet that de lempicka would out sell clearly all of these ... [ tamara de lempicka - jeune fille en vert / young woman in green ] ( http://culturoid.com/2013/06/artwork-of-the-day-jeune-fille-en-vert-young-woman-in-green/ ), 
   maybe not a legal obligation , but a more moral one . 
  think of how france acted in cote d'ivoire , libya and mali . 
  interests might have played a part why they did , but it was always to prevent escalation and bloodshed as well . 
  moral obligation ? 
  are you serious ? 
  would you seriously be a-okey with for example eu taking a role of a world police ? 
  have n't we seen with the usa where taking that role will lead to ? 
  what country should we invade and set up a new government ? 
   they did not need to get blessing from the eu . 
  it is not there to control their members beyond a level they do not want . 
  the eu does not have common security policy yet so every member state will act of his own . 
  they should . 
  what ever one member states does outside europe can and will effect all other european states . 
  would you be a-okey having for example one member state funding one participant in a civil war while the chinese would be funding another ? 
  while eu has n't taken over foreign policy completely from the member states , the member states themselves should understand their place and possible effects of their actions than can affect other member states . 
   what economic support from the eu ? 
  you mean regular commerce ? 
  lol the free trade agreements that the eu has granted israel are very beneficial to israel . 
  there is no other non-european country that enjoys such benefits . 
   if the shit hits the fan israel will do anything to survive and i mean anything so us military support is not obligatory and never even one american soldier fought in an israeli war . 
  the us provides israel 3 bil a year for weapons which is nice but it 's not what is keeping the country . 
  you could n't afford to keep up your current army or your living standards without the us assistance . 
  3 billion usd is huge amounts of money . 
   more than anything , i think it 's the us political support that maintains israel afloat rather than the military one . 
  the two wars israel fought was using mainly french/israeli weaponry , not american one . 
  israel would have lost yom kippur war without us assistance . 
  not to mention that for a long time us has given 3 billion usd in direct assistance to israel . 
  3 billion usd per year is huge deal . 
  in comparison finland that has 5 million inhabitants and has 37 % higher gdp per capita than israel , spends 1.6 billion eur to its armed forces . 
  if israel would n't have american assistance , it would either need to scale down heavily its armed forces , or accept huge lowering in living standards of its citizens . 
   as for political support , i think they would easily gain either russian or french one . 
  at least one million jews in israel were born in ussr and many of them are quite pro-russian , one good example is the minister of foreign affairs avigdor lieberman big admirer of vladimir putin . 
  moreover , there are at least 700 000 french speaking jews from france and maghreb ( algeria , tunis ) . 
  so , i would n't be very surprised if either russia or france ( both permanent members of security council at un ) chose to become the next protector of israel ( jews ) , and consequently gaining an unsinkable aircraft carrier right next to the suez canal . 
  what does it matter for france that there are 700 000 french speaking jews ? 
  they are not french and not citizens of france . 
  france has no obligation towards them . 
  not to mention that france is part of the eu and as such ca n't anymore and certainly not in the future act without blessing from the eu . 
  and eu will not give blessing to assist israel or other non-european countries more . 
   and consequently gaining an unsinkable aircraft carrier right next to the suez canal . 
  and when has been the last time us has had any use for this unsinkable aircraft carrier ? 
  israel would be gone in a day if it was n't for us military support and economic support of eu . 
  does the eu actually need to vote to use guillotine clause ? 
  the thing is that the swiss want to change the current treaty , not the eu . 
  if the eu does n't agree to make changes to the current treaty , then either swiss have to back down on restricting immigration or they will restrict immigration and then be in violation of the current treaty which propably would warrant the eu commission to drop implemention of the treaty on the european side until swiss agree to stop violating it . 
   maybe not for you in sunny old finland , but right now there is a generation of mid-twenties youth in sunnier climes that have never had a job , have none of the experience and progression assumed normal by their peers , and will see their economic potential blighted for the rest of their lives in consequence . 
  ask them how european they feel !, 
  actually it is not sunny in finland , we are right now under a major transformation period where we need to make difficult decisions to fix our competitiveness and make society work with much smaller generations entering the workforce . 
  do note that our competitiveness problem has nothing to do with euro or our wages , it has everything to do with having firms offering products nobody wants and our economy being unable to renew itself fast enough . 
  all major internal policy decisions . 
  in case of southern european youths not getting jobs , even if they had their own currency that they could devalue the hell out of it , there still would n't be anymore jobs . 
  the spanish export industries are already in full swing , they ca n't hire anymore . 
  of course with their own currency the spanish govermeant could print money like mad and provide people with `` jobs '' , but then what , they would as poor as they are now . 
  the key to solve economic problems in the south has everything to do with allowing markets to function and zero to do govermeant subsidies or easy fiscal policies . 
   half as severe as is presently the case , at least . 
  you look to argentina , i look at iceland . 
  yeah , iceland is doing great with foreign exchange regulations . 
  not . 
   and this right here is the problem : monetary union without the economic union to make it work , and without the political union to confer legitimacy upon pan-european solidarity . 
  we already have enough solidarity , where do you think monies came to build motorway networks and other infrastructure to south ? 
  where do you think bailout monies came ? 
  the thing is , we have enough solidarity , what we need is taking responsibility . 
  the southern states in trouble need to take responsibility and make major transformation on how their societies work , if they do n't , then there will be no fix in the situation , actually it will only deteriote as other economies start to face the same problems that the finnish economy and society is right now facing .
