  if we look at the middle-east , turkey , egypt and saudi-arabia are all growing strong . 
  there will endless amount of willing immigrants as their population growth just negates any economic advantages they gain . 
  and then what ? 
  how many millions or tens of millions people would we need to receive until the flood of illegal immigrants would go down ? 
  you do understand that both african and middle-eastern countries are having a huge increase of their population . 
  there would be no end of immigrants . 
  and lets say that we would actually start receiving these people . 
  then what ? 
  you know that our post industrial economies are already troubled by increased automatization of work ? 
  the only two growing segments of job markets are of those who either need no skills at all or those which demand high-knowhow and high amounts of specialization . 
  if we would just open gates to europe and take even more immigrants here , we would be creating a permanent underclass that would have no ability to work or prosper in our socities . 
  the only end result of that would be de-stabilization of our societies . 
  i would also like to add that it is very important that those countries who are developed keep their socities stable . 
  most of the scientific research and development of technology happens in western countries and in other developed countries such as japan and korea . 
  if we allow de-stabilization of our societies , that will create a huge shadow over the whole humankind because we are really in need for highly advanced solutions to keep humandkind alive and not destroying the globe . 
  are you so sure about that ? 
  if finland was n't swedens colony , then algeria was n't frances colony . 
  i would argue that finland at the beginning was swedens colony that then later grew out to be part of sweden . 
  you do have to remember that when swedes made the northern crusade , they established themselves as the elite of the country : nobility , priests , traders , etc. . . all swedes . 
  now definately from the point of view of a modern contemporary finn , this was all good , but from the point of view of a finn living in ancient times , they would probaly seen swedes and sweden as colonizers . 
   that might just make them even more motivated to get away faster , and even less inclined to leave any living witnesses that could identify them . 
  i do n't think the human traffickers care at all if they can be identified or not . 
  they are local northern africans , they are n't europeans . 
  if for example italian coastal guard snaps a photo of an human traffickers and even produces name and other identifying information from illegal immigrants , do you really think that when they for example would hand this information over to tunisian or egyptian authorities , those authorities would actually do their job and arrest the traffickers ? 
  the answer is definitive no . 
  human traffickers operating from north african countries could n't operate without the tactful permission from the authorities , or just the absence of any authorities like it starts to be in libya . 
  true , human traffickers could and probably would hijack few of the illegal immigrants to act as human shields . 
  in that case the only option would be to use non-lethal methods such as stun grenades , rubber ball grenades and rubber bullets to stop the traffickers . 
  i would say that these should be used in cases where there is high risk of innocents being hurt , such as children or large number of people being in the boat . 
  in other case the coastal guard and army should have the freedom to open fire . 
  while in some cases some illegal immigrants would die , that is for sure , there would be less deaths than allowing traffickers to continue their activities . 
  the usual tactic of human traffickers is to push the people to water if there is a risk that coastal guard can catch them . 
  in this case it might be that the traffickers where in another boat that was the tug boat and for some reason they decided to sunk the boat with the people . 
  if you ask me , i would give authorization for coastal guard or the army to use lethal force against any boat that comes to european coastal waters and tries to escape . 
  the only way to stop human trafficking is to kill the human traffickers . 
  we should have all the time fighter jets and attack helicopters over the mediterranean , when we identify a boat that is escaping from european coastal waters , we go and kill them . 
  i would say many different parties have an agenda to drive in / r/europe and other subreddits . 
  i personally was frustrated when there was a flood of blatantly stupid anti-eu articles constantly in this sub . 
  not to mention the whole anti-austerity brigade . 
  i would personally draw the line a ) are we flooded ? 
  b ) is the content of posted articles substandard ? 
  if yes then i would start discussion on should the mods do something about that . 
  and yes , i noted what savannajeff wrote . 
  actually that is a pretty damn good example of how stupid these people are , but then again usually people who zealous drive their agenda are stupid because they are blind . 
   sweden has been receiving quota refugees since 1950 . 
  the process of selection and organised transfer of refugees is called resettlement . 
  each year , the swedish parliament provides funding to enable the swedish migration board to transfer between 1,700 and 1,900 persons within the refugee quota . 
  today 27 countries accept quota refugees on an annual basis . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/protection-and-asylum-in-sweden/the-refugee-quota.html ) another thing that when i searched a little bit more information from the net , sweden got 54270 refugee applications in 2013 compared to 3210 of finland or 7170 of denmark . 
  compared to population , sweden should be receiving from around 6500 to 14000 refugee applications a year . 
  [ source ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) so there is something that makes people want to come to sweden . 
  maybe the fact swedish state allows family reunions , then again finland allows that too . 
  those who are not accepted need to leave the country and if they fail to do so , they are deported . 
  i think what the far right is demanding is totally against international treaties . 
  you ca n't just decide that you have reached your quote thus you do n't get a refugee status . 
  that is compleatly wrong . 
  however for one to end up as an refugee seeker to sweden , either one is picked/selected to come to sweden from a refugee camp , or one buys an airplane ticket directly to sweden . 
  if sweden wants to decrease number of refugees it takes , it needs to decrease the amount of people it brings from refugee camps to sweden , that is the only option . 
  those people who arrive to an airport and seek asylum , they ca n't be denied their application . 
  interesting claim from the ministry of migration ... anyways the thing with finland and refugees is that we may have different ideas on to take immigrants and refugees as part of the finnish society . 
  in here it is more or less unacceptable that from a school class or from an neighbourhood more than 20-30 % would be non-natives . 
  the city of helsinki already became alarmed when they found out that in some neighbourhoods some city buildings were mostly housed by immigrants . 
  the idea is that when immigrants are surrounded and are in touch with finnish , then it is easier for them assimilate and become part of the society . 
  actually i looked a little more , in 2013 there were 3238 refugee seakers from which 1827 were accepted . 
  i think that the thing that differentiates sweden and finland is that we have taken a much smaller quota of refugee to bring from refugee camps all over the world than sweden . 
  finland could propably take a little more refugees , but not that much more . 
  even now we have trouble on organizing enough language classes , culture introduction and finding ways to bring the newcomers as part of the work force . 
  by the way , the reason for why it is nowdays harder to make refugees/immigrants employed is that labor market has changed , due to automatisation the only two growing sectors of jobs are those which are either non-skilled or of those which demand high education & high knowledge which usually refugeees do n't have because the place they come are not developed countries with those industries . 
  finland has taken between 1973 and 2012 approx 40750 refugees . 
  in 2012 the country took 732 refugees . 
  to my knowledge finland is not any violation of any international laws or conventions . 
  so how come the situation is so different in finland and in sweden ? 
  is it really ? 
  because lets face it everybody who posts an article to reddit has some motive to do so . 
  if you are not after karma , then you are propably posting it to drive an issue . 
  of course if you and your friends driving of an issue turns out to be a spam campaign , then yes , then it is a good time to look at who are posting and for why . 
  in case of article like this , i feel that the article itself has nothign at fault itself . 
  it tells about the situation that sweden is facing . 
  like for example this quote ...  speaking only in arabic , a syrian man at the centre said he used to work as a mechanic in his hometown and complained that all he could do during the day was eat and sleep . 
    it was unclear how , once he was granted residency , he would navigate swedish society without speaking any english or swedish . 
  i can understand that refugees need to be helped , but i feel this way is not sustainable . 
  if a country takes more refugees than its system can handle properly , then there will be even more problems in the future that can actually hinder on helping people in need in the future . 
  my view on taking refugees is that we have to have proper resources to take care of them , so that they will learn the language and the culture , so that they will go to an school to get education/update their skills , so that we will not end up with an permanent under class that is/feels secluded from the rest of the society . 
  is this a comment about the article or just an anticipated response to yet written comments ? 
   well , we have unconventional measures that are deployed through conventional means . 
  i 'm pointing out , every now and then , that the transmission mechanism broke beyond repair and that the ways and means in which we 're trying to disseminate money into real economy wo n't work in this day and age . 
  i 'd argue that such proposition is only reinforced in recent months . 
  in other words , i 'm not surprised by meek effect of full-blown easing abroad , since they 're pushing it through the path of strongest resistance . 
  that is to say , it 's not that simple , and it could work ( fix stuff ) , if we 'd have bold policymakers willing to find unconventional means for unconventional measures . 
  if you are talking about quantitative easing , the reason it does n't work is that there are n't enough good investment opportunities in the developed countries . 
  the only way we can make the private sector to grow is to remove unnecessary operating risks and regulations . 
  if you are a small entrepreneur , what is hindering you from hiring people is the risk on what if it does n't work or what if someday your offering is n't needed anymore . 
  in case of smes that have already grew to some size , what hinders their growth is that they usually ca n't get rid of redundant or ineffective workers . 
  now in case when you are talking about unconventional means for unconventional measures , if you are meaning just essentially to hand governments a large pile of money and tell them to use it for investments , the problem is that governments are not good at using money and investing . 
  if they would be , then there would n't empty airports around spain and useless motorways . 
   as we can see in reality , such approach only allows people to exploit people , if you ca n't provide decent , call it living wage , you should n't be able to run business . 
  it 's silly to encourage such behavior and it 's outrageous to allow , what 's basically servitude . 
  the answer to this is actually increase the amount and/or coverage of social benefits so that even if people do n't have work , they still can continue living . 
  however for this to actually work , public sector has to be more efficient and vigilant on handing that money out . 
  for example i have many times in discussions about greece noted that what they really would need is free school lunch .
