  the next thing that should be added is cutting russia of from swift , then cutting all imports , then cutting all exports , then declaring trade embargo on companies trading with russia . 
   the issue here is that a lot of people feel that economic actions are n't enough . 
  there are lots of things that can be done ... * arming ukraine . 
  * arming countries bordering russia . 
  * funneling guns and ammunitions to islamist to set caucasus and russian regions bordering caucasus to fire . 
  the best thing to do is to tighten economic sanctions and set the caucasus on fire . 
  these two actions should collapse the russian state and lead to internal civil war that succumbs all russian resources and manpower thus making russia harmless in no time . 
  the actual joke is that putin is secret islamist . 
  that is why he is so good friend with kadyrov . 
  the real aim of these two is to weaken russia and let the islamists to take over the country . 
   it 's not nato 's job to guarantee the borders and territorial integrity of every country in the world . 
  yes , it is not nato 's job to do that , but it is in its interest to do so . 
  what russia has done damaged the international order ... * first of all it has annexed new lands in a war of aggression . 
  this sets a dangerous example than can backfire against russia during this century in both siberia and in caucasus region . 
  * secondly it has betrayed its promise to ukraine when ukraine gave away its nuclear weapons in exchange of promise of both usa , uk , france and russia to respect its sovereignty and borders . 
  by annexing crimea and continuing war in ukraine , russia showed that the only way countries can protect against aggression is to posses nuclear weapons . 
  the fact of the matter is that russia has endangered international order . 
  that is why the usa and eu will keep sanctions on until the regime in kremlin is changed and crimea is returned to be part of ukraine . 
  either there is a peaceful regime change in kremlin or russia again suffer an internal collapse . 
  as a finnish who has seen the amount of damage that a bad depression , ours was in the beginning of 90s , can do combined with unforgiving bankruptcy legislation , please for the love of god enable personal bankruptcies . 
  it is a. . . * neo-liberal way , the usa has it !, 
  * socialist way , fuck the banks !, 
  * christian way , forgiveness for everybody !, 
  enabling people to declare personal bankruptcies is the best kind of social welfare as it enables people to start working and trying again . 
  well ... * [ argentina bond sale suspended ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/27/business/dealbook/argentina-bond-sale-is-suspended-amid-hedge-fund-pressure.html?_r=0 ) * [ argentina 's actively traded government bonds yield as much as 14.4 % , which is more than 13 percentage points higher than comparable u.s. treasury debt . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702304026304579449283459471874 ) do you really think that 14.4 % yield is a sign of healthy market or the argentinian government being desperate on getting some money from somewhere ? 
   it is n't unreasonable to think that such things would happen but the extent is unknown . 
  any default would be selective anyway , we do n't know if a scheme could be devised to save some of these institutions . 
  let me underline few problems , lets say that greece in 2009/2010 makes a selective default were it only defaults on bonds held by foreign entities and greek individuals , thus greek banks , pension funds and public institutions are saved from the effects of the default . 
  * after the greek default where bond holders got new bonds worth 30 % of the original bonds , the greek banks needed recapitalization of 42 billion eur , that puts the total amount of bonds held by greek banks around 63 billion eur , that is a guesstimate . 
  * after the default to make sure that the greek banks do n't go bust , the greek state still needs to pay back these bonds , and as it ca n't refinance them because nobody is going to give it new loans , this will be huge drag in its budget . 
  * another problem is that after the default , the hedge funds will short the stocks of greek banks , the collapse of greek bank stocks can easily not only cause general stock collapse in greece , but also cause bank runs thus hastening of the collapse of the banks . 
  the biggest problem in here is that for the greeks banks to stay alive , the greek state needs to pay its debts back to them . 
  however when greece would go back to drachma , if it did n't stash big amounts of eur to its coffers , then it would have huge problems on paying back the debt to the banks . 
   legal battles against hedge funds would be largely avoided since greek bonds at the time were all ruled by greek law that could be changed at the whim of the government . 
  which is what happened anyway to enforce the rules of the 2012 restructuring . 
  the problem is that the greek debt restructuring was done with retroactive legislation . 
  the reason why there has n't been court battles is that 85.8 % of the bond holders accepted the restructuring and swapped their old bonds to new ones , and the ones who hold out with their bonds have been paid fully . 
  you probably realize that retroactive legislation is big no-no and any case would have gone soon to the greek supreme court . 
   this part is the most inaccurate . 
  new greek bonds could be worthless or not worthless depending on the recovery of the country . 
  markets are quick to trust an emerging economy even if it has a recent history of defaults . 
  no they are not . 
  argentina is still out of the bond market . 
   in addition , you failed to mention the competitive advantage of a new currency ( would be huge ) and the political consequences of completely defaulting on all foreign debt ( wars have started for way less ) . 
  the political consequences would not be that big . 
  greece is a small economy . 
  if greece would have defaulted , other european states would have saved more money . 
  in case of the exports , i do n't see that they would have risen , what would have happened with default and going back to drachma is radical downsizing of imports . 
  so in the alternate universe , in 2009/2010 greece decided to default on their debts ... * all greek banks go bankrupt * all greek pension funds go bankrupt * private sector is totally halted greek government declares that greece returns to drachma . 
  * everybody tries to hoard as much euros in cash as possible * the new currency is introduced with official exchange rate to euro * the new currency plummets immediately as nobody knows the value of the currency , the best estimates put the value of drachma to be 50 % of value of euro , however nobody believes this , thus the new currency is worthless . 
  * greek government introduces capital controls , drachmas can be exchanged to eur only in small amounts , any larger exchange needs state mandate * greek government introduces import controls , for luxury products and non-essential products one needs import permit * greek government starts to print more drachmas as the primary budget deficit is still -10.1 % of the gdp * greek inflation soars so what is the situation in 2015 in the alternate reality ? 
  what we certainly know . 
  * greek bonds became worthless and were largely bought by hedge funds . 
  * greece is still fighting legal battles against hedge funds largely failing in this . 
  * greece ca n't get any funding * greece if still part of the eu , has major problems with rest the eu on not following treaties ( leaving eurozone ) what we can guess ... * greece went back to pre-euro fiscal policies * greek state employees large amounts of public employees * yearly inflation is high , from 10 % to 20 % at least . 
  * people complain that their wages are not enough , that their pensions do n't allow them to live . 
  what we do n't know ... * would the private sector invest more or less ? 
  my guess is less , because the state would n't have done any cutting or reforms , and people and companies would have lost huge amount of capital with the introduction of drachma . 
  * what would be the gdp of greece ? 
  my guess is less , how much less , good question . 
  the greek gdp has dropped from 2009 around 30 % . 
  at the height of the crisis the gdp reduction was estimated to be around 50 % if greece would return to drachma . 
   imo the greek government does n't want really to aggressively collect more taxes because they know that a vast majority of the people that elected them voted them to be able stop paying taxes like they had to do in the last 2-3 years , look at how everybody stopped paying taxes in greece just after the last election . 
  when i had my own company , in finland , at the end of every month i had to report total of all sales and paid wages , and make the monthly contributions based on these to a tax account . 
  if i would fail to report my figures , the tax officials would send be me warning that if i do n't report figures now , they will collect an x-amount of money from me based on their assumption on what the company had made , and this figure was grossly over estimated . 
  if i would n't pay my fees , they would have threatened with distraint and that is something that no entrepreneur wants to go to . 
  not to forget that tax officials every year sent a bill for pre-tax for the estimated profits . 
  so definitely , the greeks have much work to make their society and especially their tax collection to function . 
  are those real friendships then ? 
   sometimes you have lots of money , but you do n't want to use it , sometimes you are running out of money , but you do n't care on spending it all . 
  it should n't be friends point to tell you when and when not to spend money . 
  what does it matter if people know how much you make ? 
  if you are earning good money , you will probably be living in a better neighborhood thus if thieves hit your house , they hit it because it is in a better neighborhood , not because they checked how much you make . 
  not to mention that people do n't store money in home , money is in the bank , if you rob an apartment there is n't usually anything that you would get serious money from the black market . 
   is n't this private ? 
  this is one of the issues i have with making tax records `` open '' to anyone . 
  not private . 
  you just go to a tax office near by , they have there a computer that you can use freely to check anyones tax records , of course they only information about your income from wages and income from capital gains . 
  before when we still taxed wealth , these records also included the official amount of ones total wealth . 
   sure . 
  that 'll require billions of investment though . 
  not to mention that a lot of greeks surely will have given up their internet subscription due to the austerity , so you 're not going to get digital tax declarations from them . 
  budget for creating the said system would be in tens of millions of eur , even in worst case scenario with [ accidenture ] ( http://www.accidenture.com/ ) it would be in hundreds , but surely not in billions . 
  the amount of data that the said system would store and handle is in current standards negligible . 
  not to mention that the point is not to have a system that enables people to electronically declare their income . 
  the point is to have a system that snoops data from different sources to calculate what ones taxes should be and making initial validation that there is n't nothing suspicious on them . 
  for example i have n't ever declared taxes , the tax officials have always sent me prefilled tax form that i have just check out that it is valid and they have n't missed out anything . 
  this had worked out just dandy both when i had my own company and when i was working for a company , not to mention they have always noted correctly all capital gains and also deductions . 
   a few billions and a few years hard . 
  neither time nor money is available to them in those quantities right now . 
  if you just hire non-professional tax collectors , it will be dubious on what gains will you really get . 
  if the problem to this day has been that tax collectors can be easily bribed , what do you think will be the result when you hire non-professionals ? 
  essentially what happens is that those with money will still defraud the tax officials by bribing the tax officials , the only ones who will be caught by these new non-professional tax collectors will be those who had money in their previous life , but do n't anymore have to pay taxes nor bribe the officials . 
  the rejection of syriza is many times rejection of ways they plan to implement things . 
  in this case they are planning to hire non-professional tax-collectors is waste of money . 
  what you want to do is to open a net-site and hot-line where people can report a possible tax evader and commit any evidence they have , then the tax officials just have to select potentially most lucrative cases and make tax audits . 
  in finland the natural envy that our people have make people to report possible tax evaders to tax officials . 
  actually if the greek state wants to also earn money , they should do something that was very common 10 years ago . 
  they made all the tax data public , wage income and capital gains income was available for the press to buy and then publish .
