  i do have to wonder why the greek government has n't made this move . 
  they could just do it , keep the budget same and let hospitals and other health care professional to settle and figure out how things would be run optimally . 
  laws reflect what the people deem right and wrong , and how they think the society should work . 
  if peoples ideas about what is right and what is wrong change , or they change their view on how the society should work , then the laws will change to reflect that . 
  now i asked you a simple question , should everybody contribute back to society or not ? 
  that should n't be that hard to answer . 
  the thing in here is that you have to look on what is right and what is wrong , not what some particular law says right now . 
  laws can and will be changed . 
  if we start from the idea that everybody should get the same rights and same benefits , then that can only work in the long term by everybody contributing back to the society . 
  if not then there will be a drain that will eventually drain the life out of the society . 
  so which one is it , does everybody has to contribute back to the society or not ? 
  if we say that not , then the only logical end point to that is society that functions and works the like the us . 
  no more free education , no more free health care , no more benefits ... is that really something that is desirable ? 
  because lets face it , that is what we will get eventually , may not happen today , may not happen tomorrow , may not happen in 5 years , but can and will happen in 10 to 20 years . 
  and no , you ca n't dodge this one by insisting that natives already do this . 
  enjoying all the benefits and then not contributing back either by leaving or by not working already happens and already hurts society . 
  and there is only so much pain that the society can take before there is backlash , a fair society ca n't tolerate freeloaders for ever . 
  so let me get this right ... 
  so you are saying that it is right that everybody gets the same rights and benefits , but only some actually perform duties that are needed ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  in finland we for example have armed service that all males are obligated to go throe . 
   the idea behind the union is that everyone are eu citizens and have equal rights in every country . 
  equal rights go hand in hand with equal obligations . 
   do you have a real study that shows that a low ratio of new businesses is consistently followed with an economic crisis later on ? 
  what 's your data other than a silly spiegel article ? 
  developing countries are always trying to step one ladder up in the value chain . 
  in order for developed countries to keep up their position , they also need to step up a ladder in the value chain . 
  if a country has low number of new ventures and start-ups , what that means is that the country in question is not advancing in the value chain and is thus going to increase more competition from upcoming economies that are reaching its position . 
   you simply have no evidence that the activity of the public sector had any negative effect on the private sector and you have on way of proving that this is was a reason for their economic crisis . 
  these countries are bankrupt while countries with less rigid and more efficient public sectors are n't in crisis . 
  the reality has spoken . 
   i know all these things about the specific problems of the spanish , portuguese and irish economy , although i 'm not sure about that last bit about ireland . 
  nevertheless , why are you even saying all this stuff , i did n't ask you `` what problems did these countries have before the onset of the crisis '' . 
  or are your bullet points supposed to demonstrate how the state crowded out the private sector ? 
  because they do n't . 
  these points alleviate that there were major problems in all of these economies that were largely caused by the state . 
  the reason why these countries did n't endure crisis earlier was because of the global economic boom that pumped money in to them . 
  i think that it is wrong to think that it was the financial crisis of 2008 that broke this countries - no they were broken already , it was the financial boom that held them together , otherwise they would have gone broke before . 
   that 's cheery picking your statistics and you should know it . 
  besides , it 's obvious that internal devaluation will lead in increased exports , that by itself proves nothing . 
  we 're talking about an improvement in the lives of the spanish people here . 
  export of these spanish companies are growing , that means that these companies will have more money and are able to thus invest and this will create more economic growth . 
   in addition , there 's a ton of other eu countries who see much more state involvement than greece or ireland . 
  your story does not explain the fact that those have n't been hit by the crisis yet at all . 
  name one eu country that has more state involvement than greece , and that is not crisis stricken . 
   at any rate , we see the united states who intervened and did a big stimulus package to be doing relatively well while all the crisis-stricken countries in the eu who did massive cuts for the sake of austerity to be doing terribly . 
  and like i said in another comment , this is debatable , was it really stimulus package that made the impact of was it the energy revolution going on in the us . 
   there are more problems with your story , though . 
  if the problem was the public sector `` crowding out '' the private sector , why did only one of them ( greece ) have a high state debt ? 
  are you seriously making an argument that ireland had too much state involvement ? 
  in addition , why has none of these countries shown any kind of improvement after all these years of cuts ? 
  portugal , spain , greece and italy before the financial crisis had one major thing in common , they all have very low ratio of new businesses and startups that are founded yearly . 
  this is because these countries are more or less hostile places for entrepreneurs and companies to work . 
  for crying out loud , it was not too long ago when the was [ spiegel article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/italians-flock-to-berlin-to-join-flourishing-start-up-scene-a-903908.html ) about italians flocking to berlin to start their companies there . 
  public sectors in these countries were are choking the private sector . 
  * in spain the state and politicians let the property bubble build up because that was the only sector that was growing , if the spanish economy would have been more free , there would have been lots of other industry sector that would have provided alternative sources of growth . 
  not to mention that when the property bubble would have collapsed , these other industries could have absorbed some of the workforce , but as the public sector choked the private sector , there was no alternative industries to take replace the gap that construction industry left . 
  * in portugal there was really to bubble nor any growth before the crisis , and that was the problem . 
  their whole economy was frozen and after the financial crisis they could n't anymore keep their facades up with loan money . 
  essentially the same story in greece , however in greece the size and amounts of money were in another league . 
  * in case of ireland the irish state hired and spend like there was no tomorrow before the crisis . 
  even if the irish state had not bailed out their banks , they would still have needed to endure major reduction to state activities . 
  now the reason why these countries have n't shown any kind of improvement in recent years ... that is n't actually true . 
  for example spanish export companies are exporting now more than they ever have . 
  the thing is that there was so much dead weight in the economy that it takes years before new growth and growth drivers can match it . 
  not to mention that crisis-stricken countries really have n't freed their economies , the state is still to rigid and inflexible , choking the private sector little less , but choking it still anyways . 
   i know the ussr must be your favourite thing to bring up in the whole world but not all conversations are about statism vs the glorious free markets . 
  but it is . 
  the whole point of austerity is to decrease the size and the scope of the state as an actor in the economy . 
  the reason for this is that it is seen that in general and especial in these crisis-stricken countries public sector is choking the economy , it is preventing the private sector from working in optimal capacity and it is taking money via taxes or corruption away from the private sector that would be badly needed for investments . 
  the debate about austerity is directly linked to debate on statism vs free markets . 
  you ca n't decouple them , that is a fact . 
   but let 's assume that this is the case . 
  can we agree to disagree about the social cost of these `` free markets '' ? 
  you can say that it 's alleviated by the general increase in prosperity and i 'll say that it 's inhumane and all that . 
  have you ever wondered what was and is the social costs of ussr and cuba ? 
  planned economies do n't work , they collapse . 
   production is however , not everything . 
  while the eu balances the books balance of trade wise , the us has a massive deficit , for example . 
  the thing is that us can afford to run massive deficits because they are the world economic center , it is the dollar that is used as a global currency by everybody , that is how strong their economy is . 
  the thing is that europe does n't have such a strong economy and ca n't afford to run double deficits . 
   massive cop out . 
  government intervention in healthcare generally seems to reduce costs , in the us , the government merely pays bills at exorbitant cost . 
  the thing is that the us economy is able to afford this . 
   natural gas ? 
  oh come on . 
  that 's a massive cop out . 
  i think you are getting north dakota and the usa mixed up . 
  thanks to massive increase of natural gas production , us has been able to decrease its c02 emissions . 
  energy is not some part of the economy , it is one of the key drivers of it , and in the us both production of oil and gas has gone up in the last 5 years . 
  that is quite boon to the economy ...  a report tuesday from standard & poor 's said the shale energy boom is an increasingly central part of economic growth , coupled with the housing recovery . 
  the report noted that bentek energy , another unit of mcgraw hill financial ( mhfi ) , projects u.s. energy independence -- when exports are greater than imports -- by 2017 . 
  [ read more ] ( http://www.foxbusiness.com/industries/2013/05/23/sp-shale-oil-boom-has-far-ranging-impact/#ixzz2yhnsx2k4 ), 
  us has gdp nominal per capita of 49,922 usd , they are working society and good example on countries that are not up there yet . 
  spain has gdp per capita of 29,289 , greece has 22,055 and portugal has 20,179 , so why not copy what the us is doing because they are out producing these countries easily . 
   yes , that 's why they spend 18 % of gdp ( twice what we do ) on healthcare yet get worse results , that 's why they have so much wealth inequality , people who are despicably poor and so on . 
  that is up to americans on how they organize their society . 
   the only good thing the us have done economically of late was stimulus . 
  this is debatable , lately people have pointed out that it was n't the stimulus , but rather energy revolution in natural gas that stimulated the us economy . 
  usa is home to wide array of leading global corporations , where did they come from ?
