  merkel could have moved more , but then again i understand that for internal politics she ca n't move before the general public is alarmed by the ensuing crisis . 
  leaders and politicians that i have n't taken like are silvio berlusconi , antonis samaras and m\u00e1rio soares who is more like an ex-politician nowadays . 
  the solution to the eurocrisis is a political change on how the union works , not how monetary policy is exercised . 
  ecb by following its mandate to keep price stability in the euroarea forces politicians in the euroarea to make that political change happen , doing otherwise would only postpone on what needs to be done . 
  in the context of debate about southern vs. northern europe , central european countries such as netherlands , austria and germany are counted in for the northern group . 
  furthermore what goes to nordic countries , the nominal gdp of finland is bigger than that of portugal , a country with twice the population . 
  and if you put all nordic countries together , sweden , denmark , norway and finland , the combined nominal gdp is the same as of spain , a country with twice the population of the combined nordic countries . 
  and in case of low immigration , tell that to swedes . 
  in case of finland , yes , we have relatively low immigration , but that is up to individual countries on what they do with immigrants . 
  if you have a problem of having illegal immigrants , you have to ship them back on where they came from , simple as that . 
  plus illegal immigrants have less reason to come here as hiring illegal personnel is too costly and risky for employers , and actually there is not much need for low skilled labor , for highly skilled and educated that is a different situation , but they usually get work permits easily . 
  you do remember that southern european countries are responsible themselves to their financial and economic crisis ? 
  for example ... * greece falsified state finances over a decade spending more than it was earning , leading the economy and functioning of the state become heavily corrupted . 
  * spain relied too much to the building boom and did too less to restrain it , it could have cut back investment to public infrastructure and construction projects , but it did n't . 
  spain also has n't freed its labor market that has prevented its private sector to become more efficient and grow out . 
  * italy has n't done anything , no reforms , no nothing , however the world around it has changed . 
  italy too needs labor reforms , it needs more liberal economy , etc. . now if the ecb would rush to seen and give endless line of credit to these countries there would be too consequences : a ) needed structural reforms would n't be done ; and b ) inflation would increase in all euroarea leading to loss of value for savers . 
  what needs to be done is a compromise where ecb can help countries in trouble , causing mild growth of inflation at worst , with strict conditions and guiding that make sure that these countries do necessary reforms to fix their structural problems . 
  for this to happen , southern european economies have to do their share by pro-actively engaging to reform their economies , doing structural reforms , liberating economic activity , and so on , to convince not only northern european countries , but also the ecb that using money to help out southern countries is n't a lost cause . 
  there is much simpler way to do it . 
  european union creates a private bank dedicated to supporting financial stability of european states , it loans money from the ecb and invests it to bonds and other financial assets that it sees necessary to help the european economy . 
  in short , the eu would create a european bad bank backed up the ecb . 
  however i do n't think that the question is how to do it , it is much more about should monetizing/quantitative easing be used , and if yes , then in what scale and with what conditions . 
  the fear is that if troubled countries are helped too much , they do n't do needed structural reforms and will hinder future growth and sooner or later they will again have a financial crisis . 
  then again , it seems clear that eurozone ca n't afford on not doing anything . 
  i myself would vote for the european union to have a bad bank backed up by ecb and assisted by some kind of consultative arm for troubled countries that can go and sort problems out . 
  actually i did n't really catch on what they were trying to say or for why . 
  the only thing what i got from was that they want the rest of europe to buy up greek common goods that can be then resold back to greece ??? 
  does that mean state owned companies ? 
  state owned railway , electricity , water , etc. . . infrastructure ? 
  if so , has n't anybody told these people what a stock exchange is ? 
  actually , why should i want to invest my money to greece ? 
  i 'm sorry , but in general that has no god damn financial sense , and i would be investing into greece i would do so by either buying greek bonds or by buying stocks of greek companies . 
  i do n't agree with you , people are actually very much alike and that has much more to do with upbringing , education and placement in society . 
  i myself work in the it and business environment and in my line of work i have noted that all people with the same kind of background function and think the same . 
  heck !, 
  i actually feel much more sympathy to my kind of people regardless their native language or color of skin than my fellow country men living in some god forsaken middle in the nowhere rural area , and that has everything to do with ideas and beliefs on how one should live ones life and how the society should work . 
  of course i can understand that people that do n't enjoy international outlook on life maybe ca n't understand this , but then again that does n't matter . 
  if people ca n't for example accept welfare or social benefits to non-citizens then we can very well do without benefits at all . 
  european integration can and will work without the welfare state . 
  actually many areas and people in europe would do much better if they would be exposed to some liberal market capitalism and they would have to actually earn their living wage instead of wining about it . 
  more federal europe too thank you very much . 
  there are many reasons for this , but one reason arise over others and that is economics . 
  the only way for european nations to afford keep modern welfare societies is to increase productivity of european economies and the best way to do this is to have more integrated single market that allows larger economies of scale , lower transaction and opportunity costs and increased specialization inside the eurozone . 
  i should also point out that there are huge cost savings that can be found from integrating foreign policy and defense forces into a single european force . 
  we get much more capable army and save money that can be put on good use in areas such as education or health care . 
  it would have been impossible 20 years ago , too costly 10 years ago , but more or less viable now . 
  basically what is needed for the industry to handle it is to have all invoicing done electronically with embedded co2 data that can then be processed either by erp or an even by invoicing software . 
  of course this would easily cost few hundreds euros per small enterprise to use an saas application to handle it , but that is still negligible amount . 
  this goes over the topic , but i think that emission trading is wrong and unfair way to decrease co2 emissions . 
  it gives free capital in the form of emission rights to established industries that can then trade them . 
  the correct way to decrease emissions would be establish vat like scheme where we would calculate co2 emission from the whole production chain and then based on that add an tax to the sold product / service . 
  this scheme would also include imports were importers would have to either provide calculated co2 emission figures or it would be estimated by eu agency . 
  i really do n't think that eea membership can be classified as free riding whether we are speaking about big or small member state . 
  in the eea members still have to apply single market legislation as it is and give the same fair and equal access to their economy as are given to their citizen and companies . 
  besides that eea members contribute a small fee to the eu coffers so i really ca n't see a reason to think that uk as an eea member would be free riding . 
  if uk really would want to leave the eu , i would hope that it could be dealt as civilized as possible , preferably by having the country automatically turned into an eea member state . 
  however i think that is n't actually what the politicians and bureaucrats really want in the uk , they want to keep eu as an open option for their future needs . 
  for example if in the distant future it would be preferential for britain to be part of the european super state it would be better to be in the inside on deciding what this future super state would be , but not take part to it at the moment . 
  can you give an example of this bias for already powerful states ? 
  so what is the problem ? 
  you are looking the question of stakeholders and the economy from the point of view of consumer driven economy , however things are very different in an export driven and in highly specialized economy . 
  for example ... * ... how are you going to allocate the correct amount of study places and research grants for universities if you do n't get input from industries on what they currently need and what they think that they might need in the future ? 
  in example in finland during the 90s the state doubled the amount of yearly intake of specific engineering disciplines to support the growth of the nokia lead telecommunications industry . 
  same too was made with the increase intake of computer science students due to needs of the industry . 
  * ... how are you going to increase work based immigration that is needed by different industries if you do n't have industry input ? 
  for example there is huge need for highly qualified and gifted it and telecommunication engineers , my own employer has gather people from all over the world to work in our helsinki office . 
  now the ordinary people might not understand that we need these peoples to fair well in global competition and due to our corporations being successful we have money for the welfare of the common man . 
  i 'm sorry , but common people just do n't have any capacity to answer these questions . 
  actually the representatives that the people vote to represent them usually do n't have a better clue about these things either , but at least because they can be approached by different stakeholders their opinions can be impacted and made sure that they have an larger view of the matter in hand . 
  and what goes to the second referendum of the lisbon treaty , at the end of the day i do n't care how irish ended up giving up their acceptance - i 'm not irish . 
  the same goes with greece and the greeks - i 'm not greek . 
  the only thing that i care is that correct decisions are made that advance europe and advance functioning of the european economy and industries as they are what actually count at the end of the day - you ca n't provide welfare state for the people if you are not making the money . 
  yes , but if the people have direct vote then you are going to have three problems in your hands : a ) politicization of the commission ; b ) regional bias against small countries ; and c ) fight of power between the commission and member states . 
  in my opinion direct election of the eu commission can only work if the eu turns itself into a single state with weak states rights . 
  inside a federation of european states with strong state rights direct elections wo n't work . 
  if you are doing job hunting remotely then i would suggest that you also take a look into nordic countries . 
  all nordic countries have quite large number of home grown multinationals that are interested on hiring gifted and qualified people to their organizations . 
  you might want to first take a look to sweden and stockholm and then widen your hunt if necessary . 
  by the way , i myself work for an finnish it-consultancy that has over 1000 employees , our internal language is english and our helsinki office has people all over the world : india , china , africa , latin-america , europe , etc. . . 
  so there are definitely opportunities for people coming out of country or out of europe . 
  you might also want to take a look into [ europass ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europass ) , it is an european initiative to increase transparency of qualification and mobility of citizens in europe . 
  they have an excellent [ cv generator ] ( http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu/ ) that i have used several times when applying for jobs . 
  if a representative system of government has flaws then the correct action to take is to re-factor or rework the constitution to fix them . 
  using direct democracy for individual policy questions is flawed as it does n't fix the system itself . 
  i would also like to point out that the strength of western representative democracy is that it does n't only take input from the electorate , but from other stakeholders in the society for examples corporations and unions . 
  in my opinion we should n't just concentrate on the interests of people , but also to interests of stakeholders as they are as or even more important for the economic success of a country . 
  what is wrong with democratically elected governments negotiating and proposing the composition of the eu commission , that is then either rejected or accepted by a majority vote in the european parliament ? 
  eu is not undemocratic , it only appears so from an distance . 
  what you have to keep in mind that eu is an de facto federation , consisting from the member states and the federal administration . 
  in the eu level negotiations and decisions are made between the governments of member countries , some decisions are done with unanimity and some with qualified majority voting , however all decisions are at the end blessed by both the european parliament and parliaments of member states . 
  this method of decision making ensures that different member states get their say on matters and the european project goes forward , which is the shared goal of all member states . 
  now what goes to decision making inside member states that involves the eu , i do n't see any problem of the eu and other member states to think again if a member state makes decision that goes against what was agreed before . 
  of course the member state either by parliament vote or by having a referendum can vote against it , that is their liberty , but that does n't give indemnity from blame that comes when an common initiative or agreed settlement fails . 
  in case of referendums , they do n't give any bigger moral authority than a parliament vote . 
  i myself throughly think that referendums are an flawed way to make decisions and that they are not generally compatible with an republican system of government . 
  it is hard to see that boosting agriculture and heavy industries would or could provide big results . 
  in agriculture the only way to increase production would be to consolidate small farms into giant agri-corporations and decrease heavily the amount of people working in the sector . 
  in case of heavy industries i see even less light as they are highly energy intensive and highly competed , what added value could the greece state or companies bring to the table ? 
  ... and what goes to eastern europe , the thing is that they growing and fast , and they will grow thanks to their dynamic economies .
