  while finland could easily pay its half of the costs , for estonia it would be huge national effort . 
  probably the tunnel will be build after a railway link between tallinn and warsow has been build , that would be somewhere around 2020-2030 , and by then estonia has probably become much more richer thus it could more easily afford it . 
  edit : note !, 
  a ring railway line currently being build in helsinki costs approx 738,5 million euro ; extension of metro being build in helsinki and espoo costs approx 716 million . 
  in context of these project , a railway tunnel to tallinn is financially easily possible , at least from the finnish side . 
  external trade is sole competency of the eu . 
  and what do you think will make the israelis and arabs , shias and sunnis just going to sit down on a camp fire and sign kumbaya and hold hand together ? 
  if european companies operating in nigeria or the nigerian govermeant need helping hand in fending of islamist militants then they should have hired with their own money security contractors . 
  and in case of french attitude , how long is that going to stay ? 
  doing things due to attitude is just stupid , not to mention expensive . 
  we finally won the swedes in world hockey championship finals in 1995 . 
  [ finland 4 - sweden 1 , den glider in !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leomongn6xo ), 
  what does france benefit really from fighting in mali ? 
  uranium , you can mine it from finland or get it from australia . 
  you know , what does france really benefit from it other than hollande getting some publicity on being a `` hard core '' president ? 
  i would have to say that i 'm much more shamed by [ east karelian concentration camps ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps ) , please note that these were concentration and ** not ** extermination camps . 
  anyway these camps were unnecessary and deemed a mistake even at the time , a mistake that cost approx . 
  4000-7000 deaths mostly due to hunger . 
  these i have to say i 'm very shamed . 
  in the bright side i have to note that luckily finnish academics and historians have written and researched this issue and it is acknowledged . 
  i do n't know has the finnish state ever apologized this to the people who were intermittent there , but i think we should . 
  of course we should n't be apologetic that we defended against soviet invasions . 
   their interest would probably be eus interest if the eu truly was united . 
  i beg to differ . 
  i do n't think central , northern and eastern european countries have any interest on some military operations in some god forsaken place . 
  in mali the french troops are essentially there to put a stop on rise of islamic militants that could jeopardize lucrative mining operations in nigeria ... 
  but then again , that could have done just by arming nigerian govermeant with better weapons and giving funding to them . 
  i really do n't like the idea that european troops would intervene or invade another country . 
  european union security policy should be purely concentrated on defense and using soft power in european sphere of influence in order to increase regional and global security . 
  well , let me put it like this ... 
  huge war in middle-east is eventuality . 
  iran and saudis will collide sooner or later with each others . 
  israel and arabs will collide too , may take 20 years or 50 , it will happen eventually . 
  eventually there will be a disruption thus the thing that we have to calculate how much is that going to cost for us . 
  one could say that ... * trying to push start of conflict as future as possible will cost us less , because we have better technology then and we may have advanced our energy independence by then . 
  however by pushing the conflict to future we risk having the conflict parties having better equipment and more parties having nuclear weapons . 
  each year israel adds new nuclear weapons to its arsenal , and they have more or less published that if ever the jewish state would be in danger to cease to exist , they would turn their weapons against those who did n't help them , the so called [ samson option ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samson_option ) . 
  this is a major risk to europe and a future federated eu could and very well should make in case of emergency a first strike against israel to annihilate its nuclear and air forces . 
  * not doing anything and having the conflict and disruption as soon as possible could cost more as europe is not energy independent , but then again , there are lesser risks on the conflict spilling to europe , and the upshot is that any energy crisis would allow opportunity for european politicians and corporations to make push towards moving into nuclear-hydrogen economy that would create a huge european wide investment program that would fuel the economy and make europe energy and fossil fuel independent . 
  another thing to note is that by allowing a conflict in middle-east to blow up , it would bring down religious regimes in saudi-arabia and gulf states , which by the way are huge financiers of international terrorism and religious radicalization . 
  if i allow myself a little opportunistic thinking ... a small or even bigger scale nuclear conflict in middle east would hurt most us that with the fall of saudis would loose dollar status as reserve currency , it would also badly hurt china and the current communist party regime would probably fall if the chinese economy would hit the wall . 
  europe would of course also be hurt , but because it is already more energy efficient than the us , and more prosperous and developed than china , it would more easily re-bounce and take over as leading power block . 
  european and western culture began when roman empire and germanic tribes collided together and formed what is the root of out current culture . 
  the heart of europe , of western culture was france , germany and italy were the western culture started to expand towards britain , spain , cental-europe , nordics and baltics . 
  eastern europe , greece , turkey , middle-east and northern africa were left under rule and cultural influence of byzantine empire which was essentially ancient greek culture combined together with roman and christian influences . 
  after turks took over byzantine empire , turkey started to turn islamic and islamic influences were spread to other countries that fall under turkish authority . 
  european culture , western civilization , started to expand to these countries only in the 19th century were many of them got their independence back thanks to russian empire , but got german originating monarchs to rule them . 
  from that point on these countries , namely greece , bulgaria and romania have been under cultural transformation to first become western , then eastern , and now again the eu is trying to make them western countries . 
  turkey too has tried to undergo a transformation to become a western country , but they have had huge internal problems , namely elites of the country have n't been able to get the people moving fast enough , and now when people in metropolis have undergone that transformation , elite is unsure what they actually want to do . 
  turkey is between europe and asia , between europe and middle-east , a unique case that belong to both , but none of them . 
  best policy is isolation . 
  let the middle-easterners short their business together . 
  just make sure that anything that they do wo n't spill over here . 
  you might want to read some huntington ...  according to huntington , the west is distinguished from orthodox christian countries by the experience of the renaissance , reformation , the enlightenment , overseas colonialism rather than contiguous expansion and colonialism , and a recent re-infusion of classical culture through rome rather than through the continuous trajectory of the byzantine empire . 
    the differences among the modern slavic states can still be seen today . 
  this issue is also linked to the `` universalizing factor '' exhibited in some civilizations [ clarification needed ] . 
    huntington refers to countries that are seeking to affiliate with another civilization as `` torn countries . '', 
  turkey , whose political leadership has systematically tried to westernize the country since the 1920s , is his chief example . 
  turkey 's history , culture , and traditions are derived from islamic civilization , but turkey 's elite , beginning with mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk who took power as first president of the republic of turkey in 1923 , imposed western institutions and dress , embraced the latin alphabet , joined nato , and is seeking to join the european union . 
    mexico and russia are also considered to be torn by huntington . 
  he also gives the example of australia as a country torn between its western civilizational heritage and its growing economic engagement with asia . 
    according to huntington , a torn country must meet three requirements to redefine its civilizational identity . 
  its political and economic elite must support the move . 
  second , the public must be willing to accept the redefinition . 
  third , the elites of the civilization that the torn country is trying to join must accept the country . 
  western civilization was born out of the collision of the roman world and the germanic tribes . 
  while yes greek culture did make a huge impact on roman culture , romans were essentially a civilization of their own , so were germanic tribes that adopted culture from rome . 
  western world is product of german tribes , roman empire and ancient greeks . 
  that would be roman culture . 
  christian religion was originated from israel , but the romans took it and made it a religion of their own . 
   if you claim that there is just one european culture/civilization ( which i tend to agree ) , then the israelis must be part of it . 
  that european culture is part of the western civilization , not part of the eastern . 
  eastern parts are and have been for quite while under transformation to become part of the western civilization and culture . 
  under transformation to become eu members . 
  they are n't culturally europeans , they form their own civilization . 
  please see my other [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ja4bu/why_is_snoo_holding_an_israeli_flag_in_this_sub/cbcp0mn ) about it . 
  please see my other [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ja4bu/why_is_snoo_holding_an_israeli_flag_in_this_sub/cbcp0mn ) essentially this is about culture , they are not part of the western civilizations , and are not being transformed to be part of it . 
  yes it would be ... you see there has been academic research on these issues , for example what countries belong to what civilizations . 
  europe and european union largely are part of the western civilizations . 
  one good example of classifying different countries to different civilizations can be found from huntington . 
  * [ map of civilizations by huntington ] ( http://library.buffalo.edu/libraries/asl/maps/img/civ_21st_century_lrg.jpg ) * [ the clash of civilizations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_clash_of_civilizations ) in it israel is categorized by being its own civilization , which by the way is quite remarkable thing from a nation so small . 
  eurovision is organized by the ebu , european broadcasting union , which is union consisted from public broadcaster from the [ european broadcasting area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_broadcasting_area ) . 
  because european broadcasting area extends outside europe , non european countries can also part take to eurovision . 
  never , they are not europeans and are not situated in europe . 
  it could also be said that ... `` we are outraged that moscow allows nkvd veterans to have such meetings and that the russian federation does n't give any assessment of the actions that insult all the sensible europeans and infringe violently upon international law regulations and russia 's international obligations , '', 
   trying to maximise your trade balance is the very definition of mercantilism . 
  no it is not , it is just markets functioning . 
  every country on earth is trying to maximize their balance of trade , so is every company trying to maximize their profits , as is every person trying to maximize their personal income . 
  the markets will then balance out automatically individual actors . 
   after greece joined the eu , it entered a process of de-industrialisation and relative reduction of the secondary sector . 
  at the same time , the contribution of agriculture to gdp sharply shrank . 
  the economy is now dominated by an over-saturated services sector that has low productivity , low competitiveness and low potential for exports . 
  it is characterised by a large number of medium-small companies and self-employed persons . 
  value of agricultural sector has went down , that has been a global and a historic trend . 
  eu has nothing to do with it . 
  there is huge overproduction of agricultural goods in europe and without subsidies and shielding the sector from external competition , those prices would be even lower . 
  what goes to de-industrialization , maybe instead of blaming the eu or germany of it , you should look at internal greek domestic policies . 
  industries in all eu countries has been under serious transformation , for example shipyards have come under competition first from south korean and lately from chinese companies and they have taken over the industry . 
  the difference between countries that have fared well , and the countries who have fared badly are that in the first mentioned group of countries , their domestic policies have been better at generating new growth .
