i really get this feeling people seem like it is an insult to think a smaller , less equipped , less trained army isnt going to be able to stand up to russia on its doorstep . 
  its not meant to be . 
  however i think people 's expectations that a bunch of very brave men and women can suddenly pick up guns and beat the russian army by themselves , on the eastern european plains no less , are slightly out of touch . 
  [ afganistan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_war_in_afghanistan ), 
   cooler heads must prevail . 
  how can you be cool when a whole nation is fighting against an invader that does n't a ) recognize it as a country ; b ) as a nation ; and c ) as speakers of a different language . 
  kremlin and the russian nationalists want to erase ukraine from the face of map and history so that there is only one russia and an area of the former ukraine as part of it . 
  how can you be cool with that ? 
   yes they have been fighting a small fraction of russian armed forces . 
  and they are losing , or at the very least not advancing . 
  russia isnt using tens of thousands of infantry . 
  they arent using full tank columns ( only a dozen tanks here or there ) to smash deep into ukraine . 
  they arent using air power . 
  they arent launching ballistic missiles . 
  they arent using the full massive barrages of artillary they are capable of . 
  and despite this ukraine is struggling . 
  ukraine also is n't fighting with its full power . 
  if they would , they could just pound donetsk with artillery fire until there would be no russian soldiers nor anybody else living there . 
  however they are n't doing that because they are still fighting to protect the people of area . 
  however that could change if the russian army continues its invasion . 
  and in case of the russian military power . 
  they had quite much people fighting in the eastern ukraine with casualties that have n't been small compared to the size of the fighting force . 
  if casualties would be no problem , kremlin would n't be hiding the numbers . 
  just for reference , in 2003 invasion of iraq , us and uk lost total 172 persons , and they successfully took over a whole country . 
  when you compare the whole operation in ukraine to what us & uk did in iraq , you get the real sense of fighting ability of the russian army . 
   i mean its not a national embarrassment that ukraine would need help to defeat what is likely the 3rd/4th most powerful single military in the world . 
  is it really that outrageous or offensive to think ukraine could n't stand against such a force who is on their border without help ? 
  most countries would lose a land war with russia it is not national embarrassment for ukraine as they are fighting their hands tied . 
  and yes , eventually russia could take over ukraine , but not without 10s of thousands of killed and wounder soldiers , and that is the key . 
  would the russian people really accept their boys coming in body bags in their thousands ? 
  again for reference , in the first chechen war russian losses were 5732 killed , and this just after the collapse of the soviet union , when the red army still had good better moral and newer weapons . 
  i am afraid that if putin continues to push , ukrainians will make sure that the price of advance will be high for russians . 
  what they should do is to farm huge amount of land mines and barbed wired to the border of moldova , only allow one point to go in and out , and make it open for few hours everyday ... 
  essentially siege it until people in region make a regime change . 
   first of all this shows my precise point . 
  fins did surrender . 
  they lost significant territory because without foreign intervention from the uk and france , finland could not hold out against russia . 
  the same is true in ukraine which is the point of this thread . 
  you might want to check the meaning of surrender ... * to yield to the power , control , or possession of another upon compulsion or demand < surrendered the fort  * to give ( oneself ) up into the power of another especially as a prisoner  secondly , on the subject of history , the russians were not attempting to initially annex all of finland , they wanted a buffer region around st petersburg , since the border was only around 20 miles from the city . 
  when finland refused they declared war . 
  that it is soviet propaganda . 
  originally baltic countries admitted soviets to house troops there to be as an protection . 
  however it only took short time for those soviet troops to turn against their host countries , occupy and annex them to be part of the soviet union . 
  there is no question that the aim of the soviet union was n't to occupy and annex finland . 
   finland gave up vying and significant territory in the southeast , precisely where the ussr initial demanded . 
  the lost territory consisted of around one third of finlands economy . 
  that is n't a draw . 
  i never claimed it to be a draw . 
  we lost both wars , but kept our independence and most importantly finnish as nation did n't die out . 
  if we would have lost winter war , soviets would have committed extermination of our intelligentsia and tried to erase our culture and language . 
  in case of the continuation war , again , if we would have surrendered , we would have had the same destiny as crimean tattars , extermination and relocation to siberia . 
   unlike finland , ukraine wo n't likely have the winter to guard them . 
  secondly putin has n't just purged a huge portion of his officer corps like stalin did . 
  third a small but significant portion of east ukraine sympathize with russia . 
  finally ukrainian forces have shown to be unable to push back rebel forces let alone a full invasion . 
  that isnt promising ukrainians have n't been fighting against rebels , they have the whole time been fighting against russian armed forces . 
  or do you have another explanation to massive increase of graves for people serving in the russian military ? 
   if russians would not have moved in and refused to occupy `` smaller guys '' , germany would have done it no problem and the border would be ever so closer to soviet union . 
  the big thing is that soviets actually did n't need to occupy baltic states . 
  when the soviets demanded from baltic countries that they allow ussr to house troops there they actually did consent to that . 
  there even was military parade in middle of tallinn together with estonian and soviet troops . 
  unfortunately for the balts , soviets were not there really to protect ussr , they were there to take over and annex these countries . 
  in case of finland , because finnish government did n't assent to soviet demands , the soviets set up a puppet government and started a war against finland . 
  the aim was to take over whole finland , put a puppet government in place to make plea for the newly `` liberated '' finnish socialist republic to be admitted to be part of the soviet union . 
  luckily for us , soviets failed on this . 
  the thing is that molotov-ribbentrop treaty enabled soviet union to wage war of aggression against its neighbors , occupy them and annex them . 
  the end result of these actions were intellectual and cultural decapitation of these countries and cultures with an aim to exterminate them completely and be replaced with single soviet , russian , culture . 
   people often point to the bravery and heroism of the winter war and finland 's battle against russia . 
  how it humbled the russians . 
  what is glossed over is that they still lost and surrendered in ~ 3 months . 
  you should study history better . 
  in the winter war soviets lost 323 thousand men compared to finnish loosing 70 thousand men . 
  what ended the war was n't finnish defenses collapsing , it was inability to get support from france and uk , and germans persuading finns to make peace with the ussr . 
  in the end winter war ended to a negotiated peace . 
  soviets abandoned their aim of taking over finland and did n't anymore require surrender . 
  do remember that in the first stages of the war , finns had already captured russian transport with russian language street signs for the soon to be captured helsinki . 
  to get the peace finns had to give up karelia and vyburg that the soviets had n't been able to capture . 
  i would like to add that after the second world war , there were only three capital cities of countries who had participated to the war that had not been at any time been occupied ... 
  these capitals were london , moscow and helsinki ... finns do n't surrender . 
   i dont mean to be cynical or bash on your pride/patriotism , but you are going up against russia . 
  even in their historically weakened current state , they are a top tier military power . 
  russia is a third world state with an army and technology that goes with it . 
  in 2008 russian forces tried to capture georgia , but they could n't even achieve air dominance and cut down georgian command and control . 
  instead russian jets were shot down from the air , thus denying their ability to assist russian ground forces . 
  there are lot of recent successful large scale military campaigns ... * 1990 gulf war * 2003 invasion of iraq however what has been more difficult has been forming the peace . 
  however in case of ukraine , the operation would be more akin to the gulf war in 1990 than to 2003 invasion of iraq . 
  ** for ** the military intervention together with nato and other european allies . 
  the fact of the matter is that russia is engaged on covert warfare against ukraine . 
  they already took out crimea and then continued with an operation in the eastern ukraine . 
  russia will not stop its takeover of ukraine until it either gets control of all of eastern ukraine and beyond , or the kremlin backs down when they become enough afraid of the regime collapsing . 
  the military intervention should start with allied air operations against russian forces in ukraine . 
  russian positions should be pounded barrage of air to surface and cruise missiles to enable ukrainian forces to capture the russian held territories . 
  together with air operations , allied forces should sent military advisers and special forces to the ground to assist ukrainians in their take down of invading russian forces . 
  in the same economic sanctions should be extended to embargo russia . 
  all items with dual use or ability to enhance russian capacity to wage war should be embargoed . 
  sanctions should also be extended to non-eu and non-us companies that brake the embargo . 
  the aim of the embargo should be to take down key russian industries to enable rapid collapse of the regime and state . 
   also his pro-nato position does n't sit right with many people , however after this year ... 
  he is the leader of the national coalition party and i would say that majority of their voters support nato . 
  nothing wrong on supporting what your voters support .
