  in here we have such thing called as a housing company . 
  when an constructor constructs a new housing complex , they transfer actual owning of the complex to a new company , which issues then stock back to the constructor that allows holder of stocks to live in an appartment . 
  these stocks are then sold to people . 
  in here , most appartment complexes are their own companies which are owned by the actual people living in those appartments . 
  secondly there is n't enough financing made available to people , the case about your banks having crazy requirements to give new loans . 
   additionally , growing these industries is not easy because growing an industry requires entrepreneur training and networking , something we have n't done for either political or logistic reasons . 
  when you make starting and running an company easy , anybody with a business idea can do it . 
  you do n't need entrepreneur training to be an entrepneur . 
  most finnish start-ups have grown from non-business people . 
  creating a company usually involves people with actual skills : building or creating something . 
  and leaving the euro will make the italian labor legislation magically more flexible and stop hindering companies from growing ? 
  the choices concerning the sugar production where ... * decrease production freewillingly by giving monetary compensation . 
  * decrease agricultural subsidies to drive down over production of sugar . 
  it is the same thing as with greece and olive trees . 
  there was over production that was enabled by agricultural subsidies . 
  i myself would have just prefered on cutting agricultural subsidies on growing sugar and olives , it would have had the same effect , but the market would have decided which companies stay alive and which do n't . 
  another thing to note is that sugar or olive production does n't really generate money . 
  it is a low value industry that is under increased competition from global markets . 
  the only way countries such as italy can keep their standards of living is by moving to produce more high valued products and services . 
  case in example : when the [ multi fibre arrangement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi_fibre_arrangement ) ended ending the quota system that was limiting the amount of textile products that could be imported to developed countries from developing countries , it caused the end of huge amount of low value textile manufacturers in southern europe . 
  the textile manufacturers had plenty of time to move from low value manufacturing to more specialised and more valued manufacturing , but they were too lazy and incompetant to do so , thus they went out of business . 
  i would also like to point out that italy has all the ingredients to jump starts its economy . 
  there are huge amount of smes , usually familly owned , in machine building and high-tech sectors that manufacture world class products . 
  the problem with these firms is that they ca n't grow because the italian labour legislation is such rigid mess that it prevents these companies from growing . 
  until the current labor legislation is removed and hiring and firing employees is made easier and less costlier , italian industries will stay stagnant . 
  basically ... * harder stand on immigration . 
  lately our many mps from conservative party have been very critical about our immigration policies . 
  * harder stand on eurocrisis . 
  social democrats became famous on insisting on having collateral to loan greece more money . 
  * more nationalistic orientated economic policies from social democrats . 
   spain had a construction boom , but whose fault was that ? 
  not really spain 's - they were not in control of their interest rates . 
  what about portugal , ireland , italy and latterly france ? 
  are you blaming them for their woes ? 
  ( i 'll give you greece . ), 
  spain was fully in control of the situation . 
  what the spanish government could have was to decrease and scale down public building projects and other government expenditure . 
  they could also have made construction more expensive with different levies to scale down private sectors appetite for investment . 
  however those things did n't happen because the politicians , constructors , unions and bankers were in bed with each others . 
  as long as construction boom would continue , it promised goods things for everyone of them ... 
  in short run . 
  in case of portugal , they were already in stagnation that had started in 00s when their building boom went bust . 
  the stagnation changed to recession , because portuguese government was late on implementing structural changes . 
  in case of ireland it was construction and property booms combined with government overspending continuously . 
  in case of italy it was stagnation by not implementing any reforms combined with demographic crisis . 
  in case of france again not implementing reforms . 
   as for gdp per capita , how recent are your figures ? 
  what are your sources ? 
  and why is gdp per capita really the correct measure to use here , rather than ppp per capita , which makes more sense if you want to talk about wealth ? 
  and surely gdp is not the only figure worth looking at , what about employment figures ? 
  the gbp depreciated against the eur during the financial crisis - and is currently appreciating . 
  in case of my figures , you can check them from [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29_per_capita ) and the figures that i used where from 2013 and done by imf . 
  the reason why i prefer nominal figures is because hard currency is hard currency . 
  if you want to buy anything more than just local vegetables , hard currency is what you measure . 
  and even while pound has appreciated , like you can see from the figures , it is still a way from france . 
   having the gpb has meant that the uk has been able to adopt a totally different monetary policy from the eurozone , quantitative easing , is your view that quantitative easing has not helped the uk , and the eurozone has been helped by the lack of it ? 
  if we look at the gdp per capita ( nominal ) figures then i would argue that it has n't . 
  i would also make the same argument about the usa , in case of the usa what has really aided them has been their gas and shale oil booms that have compleatly changed the dynamics of american economy . 
  in case of eurozone , we have had enough hidden quantitative easing from the ecb , what we have lacked is political reforms to make our markets more competitive in the world state . 
  that probably will happen . 
  here in finland true finns started to only go down in polls after the other big parties were scared of their elections victory and started to change their policies to appease voters that had recently changed to vote true finns . 
   turns out that the uk economy has been mostly fine since then while instead the large parts of the eurozone have been a disaster . 
  i would argue that what you have had has been illusion of stability compared to eurozone . 
  yes , you have n't suffered from deep recession like spain which had a huge construction boom that you did n't have or like greece were the state committed a fraud against its debtors and citizens . 
  but then again , the countries britain should be compared are germany , france and netherlands ... 
  in here the story turns . 
  if we compare gdp per capita ( nominal ) , the things is that you have much lower gdp per capital ( nominal ) of 39,567 usd while france has 42,999 , germany 44,999 and netherlands 47,633 . 
  and let us remind that before the financial crisis , uk had the same gdp per capita or higher than the countries mentioned . 
  so can you really say that having a pound had protected you ? 
  i would say that what it has allowed is your politicians and leaders to deceive you . 
  while things have been stable , you as country and people have become poorer , you make less money . 
  that said , of course you can and will have a sensible arrangement with the eu . 
  i am just saying that it is not shangri-la that is waiting for you out there . 
   eastern european countries did rebound because their currency devalued . 
  the issue with this is that currency devaluation itself is not enough . 
  countries that did n't have western investment did n't ever rebound including ukraine and belarus . 
  bulgaria and romania only started to recover when they became stable enough to start get investments in . 
   it makes no financial sense to pay west german rates and costs for east germans . 
  german companies like volkswagen moved parts of their production east because it was cheaper . 
  if the cost of doing business in poland or the czech republic was the same as germany , none of those countries would have moved there . 
  true enough and that was the real problem with german unification . 
  what should have happened is that the same union contracts that were used in the west should n't have been used in the east at all . 
  in short wages in east should have been much lower than in the west . 
  with this i can agree . 
  however , the industries in the east would have been toasted anyway , without or with lower wages in the east . 
   personnaly i think the parts off east germany that have n'tcrecoverd should have their taxes reduced . 
  no point in spending money when the place is to costly to compete . 
  or just say that they are lost cases and stop spending money . 
   a friend of mine saw every factory in her area just shutdown . 
  her family simply drove to the west and never looked back . 
  those factories would have been closed anyway . 
  the reason why central eastern european countries rebounded was n't because they had their own currency to devalue , but because of direct western investments that created and recreated whole industries . 
  for example there would be no skoda if volkswagen had n't bought it , invested into it money and transfered huge amounts of intellectual capital to make it a successful car manufacturer . 
  this would n't be / r/europe if we would just have normal civilized conversations without any off side comments , not to mention i would need to care , and i do n't . 
  no , he is making quite a pro-fiscal transfers statement . 
  while in most political systems there are some fiscal transfer , there are huge differences on how they are implemented . 
  are they implemented as permanent mechanism , as temporary crisis smoothing mechanism or as mix of the two mentioned . 
  in / r/europe when people start to discuss about fiscal transfer , they usually mean permanent transfers and this is a problem . 
  for example in this thread there are many who question catalonia 's stance on just being greedy or selfish , but how many question the spanish central governments way of handling money or how other parts of spain handle it . 
  if other parts of spain have been pumped money decade after decade without any results , then should n't there be some changes ?
