  the first order would have been to shutdown public constructions projects , the second thing would have been to limit building permits , put new taxes to raise the price of new construction . 
  there were cures , but the reason why there cures were not taken because politicians , businessmen and union leaders did n't want to deal with the real problem , spanish competitiveness , and instead choose to cover up the economic situation with huge construction bubble . 
   just saying : productivity figures [ gdp per capita nominal ] ( http://goo.gl/kira0f ) , as in hard currency is the best and only way to measure productivity . 
  have you ever asked where does these terrorist groups come , and why especially in greece ? 
  many other european countries have had the same problem , dealing with left-wing terrorism , but they have weeded out them . 
  how has n't this same done in greece ? 
  who are creating these new terrorist generations even thought it should be obvious after the fall of the ussr that communist and socialism died as ideologies . 
   well , you know , at least the russians did n't decide to exterminate a single group of people for no good reason . 
  so you are saying that exterminating intelligentsia and bourgeoisie - class through out europe was a-okey ? 
  ah , but they had a good reason , exterminating whole classes of people is a-okey , because they stand in away of glorious communist utopia !, 
  no , that is exactly the wrong way to go . 
  if you have people who have trouble paying their electricity bills , then what the society needs to do if it wants to help is to either : a ) help them to cut down their expenses ; b ) help them to manage their money better , for example paying benefits weekly , paying rent , etc. . directly from benefits ; and c ) paying more benefits . 
  now if you instead try to help poor people indirectly for example by lowering public utility prices , or give discounts based on peoples income or life situation , you still end up to situation where you are moving money from people who earn it more to people who earn it less , the only difference is that all transparency has gone away from the system and gone away from democratic decision making . 
  if the society wants to help its poorest members , it must be done via democratic decision making , it must be transparent and accountable . 
  and wasting my life doing that ? 
  no way jose !, 
  these areas will change eventually or be destroyed in the process . 
  that is just normal market evolution where people and resources go where they can get best return . 
   the same way university towns have increased entrepreneurship as students do n't move away from them . 
  it 's a reinforcing process of gentrification . 
  entrepreneurship is not something that you learn in school or you need diploma for . 
  entrepreneurship is all about hard work , ability to spot possibilities and willingness to take risks . 
  first to vaasa , then to turku , and now in helsinki . 
  both vaasa and helsinki felt like homes and places were things can happen , vaasa being city of approx 80k and helsinki region of approx 1.0 million . 
  this is not a size issue , it is all about culture . 
  actually that is a risk that can happen with or without germany . 
  let me make an example ... gdp per capita in 1900 ( measured in 1990 value ) * france , 2 876 * argentina , 2 756 * uruguay , 2 219 * spain , 1 786 * italy , 1 785 gdp per capita in 2008 * france , 22 223 * argentina , 10 995 * uruguay , 9 893 * spain , 19 706 * italy , 19 909 do you see what can happen to a country if it makes bad decisions again and again during the last 100 years ? 
  it is not given that for example spain , italy or germany would be richer than vietnam in 100 years time , if we are lucky , vietnam has become as prosperous as us , in worst case vietnam has glowed beyond european countries and middle class vietnamise and thai come to europe for cheap sex , cheap alcohol and ruins . 
  and then those goods would be made by machines and robots leaving the poor people in bangladesh without any means to survive . 
  but hey , that would actually benefit me if we would force up manufacturers to automatize their production further as it would create more r&d and highly skilled it-jobs in developed countries . 
  yes , please , make that manufacturing come back here . 
  actually the answer is yes . 
  i myself have grown up in rural finland and there is a striking distance culturally between for example rural areas and big cities . 
  big cities , or lets say helsinki , is very international , cosmopolitan , open , entrepreneurial , tolerant , aspiring , etc. . where as rural areas are more traditional , more conformist , more down-to-earth , less tolerant , etc. . not to forget that different regions them self have different cultures , for example ostrobothnia has a strong entrepreneurial culture . 
  it is said that while in other parts of finland , if a neighbor gets a mercedes-benz , the neighbor tries to think ways to screw his neighbor , in ostrobothnia the neighbor tries to think ways to also afford the new mercedes . 
  the reason why many regions in finland have been suffering in the last two decades is because they have n't been able to renew themselves . 
  they have either been stuck on the mentality that a factory will provide , or that the state will provide , when in fact they should have done more work to inspire entrepreneurial attitude , to make people take risks , to make people to renew themselves . 
  instead of opening up to the world , many rural areas and regions have gone back , thinking that they can return to the world of 60s if they just want hard enough . 
  but that world has gone away , a long long time ago . 
  and what has population got to do with ability to produce ? 
  the thing is that nordic countries are all sparsely populated , they have small home markets , high transport costs to everywhere , harsh climate that makes agriculture and living expensive , etc. . . 
  the thing is that nordic countries have become successful even thought their natural handicaps . 
  the same can and should be expected from other countries . 
  for example you mention that southern european have poor southern neighbors . 
  so what ? 
  we live in a global world , transport costs are nothing , and even if transport costs make exports of physical products impossible to some places , you can always export your knowledge by sourcing manufacturing to happen in countries were you export . 
  news flash for you , h&m does n't manufacture their cloths in sweden and nokia does n't assemble their phones in finland . 
  for example lets look at just some figures ... gdp per capita in ( 1990 us dollar ) 1900 ... * uk 4 492 * germany , 2 985 * spain 1 786 * finland , 1 668 and after the war in 1960 ... * uk , 8 645 * germany , 7 705 * spain , 3 072 * finland , 6 230 and before the financial crisis ... * uk , 23 742 * germany , 20 801 * spain , 19 706 * finland , 24 344 the thing in here is that countries that have low gdp per capita can and will catch up those with higher production , if they make right decisions and nourish a culture that advantages business , development , entrepreneurship and efficiency . 
  can you really argue that the reason why finland has created companies like nokia , kone or supercell ( a start-up that just sold half of itself to japanease investors with 1,1 billion euro ) to be all related to some initial advantage ? 
  for crying out loud , finland was the poorest of these four countries in the 1900 ; got into a bloody civil war after independence ; fought in the second world war in the loosing side loosing approx 14 % of its land area ; has to resettle approx 10 % of people relocated from lost lands ; etc. . . poor do n't get poorer , and rich do n't necessarily keep being rich , it all depends on what happens , what kind of decisions are being made . 
   so leave the fucking indignation at home and have some sense of community . 
  is n't that what the nordic model is all about ? 
  nordic model is all about taking responsibility on where it belongs . 
  you ca n't have success if you do n't take responsibility when you loose . 
  many member states are not creditworthy , that is why banks wo n't lend to them with lower interest rates , and the same thing includes the ecb . 
  the job of the ecb is not to bailout bankrupt states and bloated bureaucracies , if some member states are sick beyond repair , they should default and cut down state to a point where they can manage without needing new loans . 
  you should also remember that every euro that the ecb creates goes out of the pocket of all holders of euro currency , that means wealth is transferred from private to public . 
  why should my hard earned euros go to a some bankrupt state ? 
  if some state has trouble finding money , they should either raise taxes , or cut expenses . 
   i agree that certain wealth transfers should be placed , to compensate for the snowball effect the `` blue banana '' has on the rest of europe , now that trade barriers and certain subsidies can not be placed . 
  but to do just and only this is idiotic . 
  yes !, 
  absolute this !, 
  it is impossible to keep up with the blue banana region !, 
  that is the exact reason that economies of nordic countries have collapsed and wide scale poverty and deindustrialization has happened !, 
  yes sir !, 
  i demand subsidies on our poor economies who just ca n't compete !, 
  with wealth transfer we will be rightfully compensated for what should have been rightfully ours !, 
   if germany was still using the mark , the value of its currency would rise making its exports more expensive and give every other country chance to compete that would be the case if germany would export wines , olives , and clothing . 
  however the thing is that germany actually is n't competing that much with other eurozone economies . 
  yes france , uk , netherlands , belgium , sweden and finland companies compete with german companies , but they also take part to the manufacturing those german exports , so do eastern european countries . 
  no , the german competitors largely come from the us , japan and china , from around the world . 
  the reason especially southern economies are in trouble is not because germany , but largely because chinese producers have taken over their markets , for example textile and clothing manufacturing has taken a large hit in south and as those economies are very rigid , they have n't been able to create new industrial sectors and jobs from them . 
  the plain matter of the fact is that our world has globalized in the last 20 years with so fast that many economies have n't able to keep pace . 
  even if europe would n't have euro and instead would have had individual currencies , southern/troubled economies would still be in trouble , actually they would have been even deeper trouble due to increased risks associated with their currencies . 
   there are always going to be companies selling products where the value is not too much higher than cost yes , those products are called commoditized products and oh ` boy , you do n't want to be in that business if you are a westerner . 
  the chinease and other east-asians have filled that segment of market very well . 
   you only pay more when you want to retain a person to grow with the company . 
  what this means that if employer wants me to stay in the firm , he/she will need to pay me better salary than competitors would . 
  there is nothing in the contract that would obligate me to stay , only higher salary and perks . 
  actually that is the law of the markets , if my employer ca n't either give salary that competitors are willing to dish out , or ca n't offer same career opportunities than competitors then sooner or later i 'm adios amigos . 
  i did , fixed term contracts or range of loopholes is not enough . 
  for example lets take fiat , they in big trouble , if it would be american firm , for example functioning in alabama or in other right-to-work states , they could fire all their factory employees at will , and then hire back those that they want . 
  however clearly this is n't possible , not even just firing people they do n't want to . 
  you do n't want to pay nothing more than the minimum to a person in a fixed term contract . 
  you only pay more when you want to retain a person to grow with the company . 
  not to mention that due to labor market being rigid , companies and the state waste huge amounts of money to non productive employees . 
  just think about what italy would look alike when companies could fire all their ineffective and incompetent people and hire new people to take their place . 
  you can think it like this , in the italian system , every competent employee pays the wage of non competent employes . 
  that is why wages are low . 
  italian employers can only pay peanuts as long as they do n't have capacity to also downsize freely . 
  who in their right mind would pay high wages when you have to take a risk that you ca n't get rid of that employee . 
  i would n't for sure . 
  and this all leads into a situation where the whole system just breaks , companies do n't want to hire because risks are too high , employees ca n't get decent wages when nobody is hiring . 
  what needs to happen is there needs to be full labor market liberalization . 
  yes , it will move risk to employees , but then again they also will be the ones reaping high rewards from more dynamic economy . 
  for example i myself am 33 years old , m.sc.econ in computer science , this year i make approx 50k euros , and the next year if it is good i will get between 55k-65k , and this i have made by working in a position of a senior sw engineer . 
  my friends who graduated from university same time , although from management , are making anything between 50k to 80k in a year , the one making most is only 29 and a director in major media company with 15 person team . 
  and the fact of the matter is that we could n't be able to earn these wages if the finnish labor market was still rigid as it was in the early 90s . 
  the labor market is now very liberalized , if companies do n't want to retain some employees , they can easily and cheaply get rid of them .
