   in an ideal scenario i would see finland and other countries finally making a push at eu level to make sure multinationals who have eaten up huge chunks of our economy over the past 20 years while getting their money out of europe tax free start paying their share so those of us who actually live and work here do n't have to . 
  yes , yes and yes . 
  the current situation where big multinationals are able to avoid taxes or by competing different countries on what tax deal they will get corrupts the market as the situation does n't anymore reward the one who is the most efficient or innovative , but those who can pay for army of lawyers to gain completive advantage . 
   if we still had the markka the fat would have been cut already by way of devaluation and everyone would have paid their share not really . 
  when we had markka what happened was continues cycle of ... a ) economy is running well , wages and investments go up in export industries ; b ) export industries fuck up their business , everyone takes a cut to their pay check and savers loose ... 
  in the old system of the winners were people who owned the companies and people who worked in export industries where they had high leverage over companies , like pulp and paper industries . 
  thanks to finland being part of the euro system , export industries and labor unions near them ca n't anymore send the bill to the rest of the nation , but they actually have to work for their money . 
  now if we want to fix our situation , we really have to change and remedy the situation . 
  industries need to be more inventive and efficient , while the rest of the economy has to decide does it want to raise taxes to cover public expenditure or cut down expenditure . 
  what is n't possible is to let the situation continue . 
  i would also add that finnish export companies are actually in good shape , the situation could be better , but it is n't bad . 
  our problem is that our economy is becoming hugely divided : the two growing segments of employment are the high-skill/high-knowhow sectors and low-skill/low-value sectors while the medium skilled jobs are being thinned out . 
  this is a global phenomena . 
  just a friendly advice about registering your company to estonia . 
  the finnish tax laws outlaw tax avoidance . 
  if you already have a firm and just move its business to estonia , if you have bad luck the tax official can cause you lot of trouble by accusing that you are avoiding taxes . 
  the problem with tax officials is that even if you would be right about the case , your ability to stay in business is usually lower than their ability to continue being wrong about the case . 
  so in essence europe will be saved when functional states start to transfer money to failed states so that they can continue to fail ? 
  and the ecb should just transfer money from savers to states because some states fail to tax their citizens ? 
  the thing is that transferring or printing money just post-pone the problem , they do n't solve it . 
  what greece needs is to either cut more spending or collect more taxes , that is at the heart of the greek crisis . 
  not in the treaties that form the eurozone . 
  greeks accepted the treaties , they knew where they were heading into . 
  the freedom that the greek state has to alter is taxation and spending , these are the tools that other member states have used successfully . 
  greeks are n't allowed to vote on other peoples money . 
  if the greeks want to loan money , they have to loan with conditions laid by the creditors . 
  if they do n't like the conditions , then they have the freedom on not loaning money . 
   a chernobyl like accident there , with bad winds might cause death , disease and the relocation of half of out entire nation . 
  that might very well be the end for our country , for our culture , not to mention economy . 
  well ... 
  the question you want to ask are you degenerate soviets who build nuclear reactors without an containment building !, 
  or are you responsible people who actually prepare on possibility of reactor meltdown . 
  when that stewardess is fighting for her life , she will fight hard against . 
  can i buy you a one-way ticket to venezuela ? 
  finno-ugric best europe , remove filthy indian-europeans !, 
  you do understand that farage is as much as traitor as are all of those ultra-leftist wishing the destruction of west ? 
  no no no !, 
  they were just trying to help him find his way to airport to catch a one way ticket to moscow . 
  do you want to take a risk ? 
  i say we join the nato asap , order more tanks and make a big order for f-35s . 
  better loosing 10 % of area than suffering genocide . 
   after the speech , the enthusiastic crowd shouted `` in total seriousness '' slogan `` ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , crimea is ours , give us poland and finland '' according to journalist of rbk-channel who was there . 
  rbk seems to refer to [ rbc tv ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rbc_tv ) channel that is the only 24 hours news channel in russia . 
  ** google translate ** moscow . 
  thousands of people gathered wednesday evening to celebrate the crimean peninsula to russia joining the anniversary concert in the center of moscow . 
  according to the police had gathered more than 110 000 people . 
  `` we are together , '' called the event keynote speaker was president vladimir putin . 
  `` when you talk about krimist\u00e4 , just do not talk about the land , even though no matter how strategically important , '' putin said . 
  `` then talk about the millions of russians , and the millions of men who need our help and support . '', 
  after the speech captivated the audience shouted rbk channel location of the supplier to have been `` very seriously '' the slogan of `` ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , crimea is ours , annapas poland and finland . '', 
  geographically , the conquest of poland , however , might require ukraine but also in belarus integration with russia first . 
  alexander utkin / afp the man introduced in the moscow celebrations `` i krimil\u00e4inen '' - kyltti\u00e4 . 
  the event was held in st. 
  basil 's cathedral and moscow river between the spread vasilinrinteell\u00e4 the kremlin walls flank . 
  opposite moscow river bridge situated opposition leader boris nemtsov murder the place was surrounded by police escort during the event . 
  people crowd the celebration was also buses from the countryside and the participants , many employers had granted them a day off in the crimea because of the feast . 
  social network has also traveled around the arguments that the revelers would have a small participation fee . 
  facebook , published in the video allegedly distributed the money involved in the celebrations . 
  putin arrived directly from the kremlin for the ministerial appointment . 
  according to media reports , he said during a meeting that russia 's goal is to `` self-sufficient in the crimea and sevastopol . '', 
  nezavisimaya gazeta newspaper on thursday published a review that putin is far below the target . 
  crimea is completely dependent on russian support , and received by the federal budget is the same as in chechnya and ingushetia . 
  that is bullshit and you know it . 
  there is nothing democratic in going and using or threatening with violence other people , not to mention destroying property . 
  if you are unhappy about government policies , you write and speak about it , you demonstrate peacefully against it , and at the end of the day you put your message on the stand on elections . 
  that is how you act democratically , doing anything else brakes against the society that gave these freedoms to everybody . 
   if 1000 angry people would decide to attack a police station there woud n't be a police station left afterwards if that would be the case , then there would be quite a few dead demonstrators . 
  the thing is that we are living in democratic societies with free speech and right to demonstrate . 
  people who attack the state with violence attack the whole society and the peoples will behind it . 
  if you are not happy with how things are , then you try to make a change via popular elections , not by taking the right into your hands and deciding on how things should be by usage of violence , that is what dictatorships are . 
  this [ article ] ( http://www.share-international.org/archives/homelessness/hl-cfspain.htm ) is from 1998 ...  homelessness in spain is not postcard picturesque : 273,000 people out of a population of 39.6 million live on the streets , in hostels , or in sub-standard houses ; and in 2014 , according to this [ article ] ( http://truth-out.org/news/item/27333-the-invisible-reality-of-spain-s-homeless ) ...  cerrezo and arregui are two of the thousands of homeless people in spain -- who total 23,000 according to the last ine census , from 2012 , although the social organisations that help them put the number at 40,000 . 
  so there has been a lot of development in the last 17 years . 
  if there are people who are homeless in spain due to tipping out from the social safety nets , should n't that be a spanish local problem , not a european problem ? 
  and should n't those spanish people who are striking in frankfurt or their comrades around europe organize into societies and parties that raise awareness and drive change via democratic means . 
  like i said before , if you need more housing then the right way to do that is by increased solidarity , as in increased taxation , as in increased taxation of the middle income segment of the society . 
  spain and portugal are both moderately wealthy societies , the reason why there is homeless in those countries has more to do with there not being enough solidarity inside the society . 
  for example in finland our state gathers 43.6 % of our gdp as taxes . 
  in spain the same figure is 37.3 % and in portugal it is 37.0 % . 
  if you want to change things there , you need to increase level of solidarity felt between citizens and thus in time you can raise the level of taxation . 
  however that is easier to say than do , increasing solidarity does n't come free , it comes from people trusting that the money they pay as taxes does actually go to the benefit of the whole society , and not to the benefit of corrupt politicians . 
  a burning car spreads toxic fumes around not to mention it has gasoline tank that could explode . 
  a car never should be let to burn if there is possibility to extinguish the fire . 
  smashed train stations ?!, 
  what the hell . 
  how is public transportation an evil capitalistic plot ? 
  finland is the perfect case to show that homeless is not about money . 
  the finnish state provides low cost public housing and social security is provided for everybody for unlimited time . 
  if you are a finnish citizen , the basic social assistance is 750 $ per month , and in helsinki and other high costs regions you can get based increased assistance that raises assistance to around 1000 $ to 1200 $ per month . 
  with around 500 $ you will get a decent single room apartment from helsinki itself . 
  the problem thus is n't the money . 
  the problem is that many people who are homeless are homeless because they have some serious problem that prohibits them from living alone , for example drug or alcohol problem . 
  not to mention there are many in helsinki who have poste restante address not because they did n't have home or somewhere to go , but because of other needs . 
  and their competences expanded much since the introduction of euro and so has their employee count . 
  the fact that they have big office already does n't mean that they would n't need an even bigger office . 
   i guess peole are bit irritated when there is acute homelessness problem in europe and financial elite spents 1.5 billion in high class ulta-modern sky scrapers for ecb instead of aparments . 
  ecb is one of the responsible institutions for the european wide suffering . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  acute homelessness ? 
  where ? 
  you do understand that not everybody can live in the center of paris , berlin or helsinki ?
