  the thing is that not all employment is good , and not all employes produce . 
  in the private sector internal inefficiencies are constantly addressed and unnecessary or unproductive people are fired . 
  the same work and produce can be had with lesser amount of people . 
  this same should applied to the public sector , current results should be produced with lesser amounts of employees , and the best way to force that is to just fire certain amount of people , and make the rest find ways to produce what is needed . 
  and those persons who will be unemployed , the state will benefit by having smaller costs , and when labor market is liberalized , markets will use these new resource at their market price . 
  also some former employees will start up new businesses generating even more produce for the whole economy . 
   you are right that printing money alone will not solve the underlying problems but committing econimic suicide by trying to tax and cut your way out of a depression sure as hell is n't the answer either . 
  of course budgets need to be balanced but it should be blatently obvious by now that after a certain point cutting and taxing shrink the economy to the point where your measures are counter productive and the overall deficit does not decrease significantly or actually increases . 
  the stop spending more than you earn and everything will be okay attitude is over simplistic and reflects how politicians would like things to be instead of how they really are . 
  you need a bit of earn more so you can afford to spend more too . 
  well then when are states going to do necessary reforms if not now ? 
  most european states did n't do any market liberalizations or cut down public spending in good times , why should the public believe that they will do it now ? 
  in my honest opinion the only way for necessary reforms and transformation to happen is to force them . 
  if states wo n't force them , then the markets will force the states to do them , or states will face lower standards of living to their citizens . 
  the underlying economy is not a-okay . 
  there are multiple transformations happening in the same time that touch european economies ... * ever increasing energy prices : oil and gas prices are only going up , and in most countries only politically feasible new energy production forms are wind and solar which are much more expensive than fossil fuels . 
  * shrinking generations : in most eu countries newer generations are smaller than the ones they replace . 
  essentially this means that our maintenance relation , working adult per dependent , is going down . 
  the problem is increased by our pensions system that the older generations have n't fully contributed to . 
  * increasing global competition : more and more developing countries are competing in with products and services previously manufactured in developed countries . 
  developed countries need to either push forward to compete with higher tech or sophistication , or they need to increase efficiency of production to maintain current standards of living . 
  what we need to do to match these challenges is to ... * invest in energy production and increase efficiency of energy usage * cut govermeant spending to match incomes with expenditure . 
  cut govermeant employment to free human resources for the private sector . 
  * add incentives for the private sector to invest in r&d and liberalize the labor market for the private sector to increase its flexibility and ability to take risks . 
  if we just print money without addressing faults in our economy , we are just going to have even worse problems with increased inflation to add to that . 
  printing money needs to go along with deep and fast structural changes . 
  we have high unemployment , thus inflation wo n't push wages up , real wages will either be the same or decrease . 
  debts decrease only if the interest rates stay lower than inflation , if the euroarea would have higher inflation pressures , ecb would increase interests rates until inflation would come to its 2 % line . 
  from this point of view , increased inflation will more or less be an operation to move money from taxpayers and private sector to the state . 
  people with boat load of cash have usually invested them already into real estate or stocks , these people do n't suffer from increased inflation . 
  the people who suffer from inflation are wage earners whose wages do n't rise as fast as the inflation and who have taken loans to have a home , these people , normal people , will be most severely hit with inflation . 
  strongly agreed . 
  i think the problem is that there is hardly any economy to sanction with . 
  does the ukrainian leadership want to sign the european union association agreement or not , because surely this is n't behaviour that helps ukraine to persuade the union to offer it . 
  at first we need to define what is this federal europe . 
  however whatever it will be , i would guess that finland would n't have referendum , but the parliament would decide on the issue on . 
  federal europe would probably mean a change to constitution so either two consequential parliaments would vote for it , or parliament would accept in fastened process with 2/3 of majority . 
  the reason why parliament would decide on it is because we are a republic , in parliamentary democracy it is the job of the parliament to guide the destiny of the people . 
  the risk of mutualization of debt is exactly the reason why moodys have put german , dutch and luxembourgian creditworthiness on negative outlook . 
  and they and other credit agencies will in time downgrade aaa-states if and when there are further actions to mutualiaze debt . 
  the problem with debt mutualization is that it creates a risk ... * ... that troubled countries do n't make necessary reforms , essentially austerity measures with market liberalization , leading these economies lack and further loss positions in global markets . 
  * ... that countries in good shape are drained out of money to assist troubled countries , leading their economies have lower opportunities to grow and thus loss their positions in global markets . 
  essentially the problem is that troubled countries need reforms fast and in the same time better fairing countries need to try grow even more . 
  for example more than 45 % of finnish exports go to non-eu countries , and more than 50 % to non-eurozone countries . 
  if the finnish economy is drained out of money , meaning higher taxes for people and companies , it is under question can the finnish companies export as much as they have before , thus having a negative impact to eurozone balance of payments . 
  whatever we do , we need to remember that europe is not alone , there are global markets and whatever we do , it has to support fairing better in those markets in short , middle and long term . 
  states will decide themselves on will they want to default or not . 
  of course in some cases like in the case of greece , the greek state does n't really have no other real option than to default , if they do n't come up with a miracle reform program that will make the markets believe that the greek state can handle the situation . 
  other states like portugal , ireland and spain can decide to either speed up reforms or accept that they have to default . 
  edit : essentially it is the market and the state in question that decide where things go . 
  my steps would be to ... * allow states to go bankrupt * print money to bail out banks , essentially europeanization of banks what would be gained from this is that it would remove huge loads of uncertainty from the markets : who is going to default , will somebody leave the eurozone , etc. . . markets would then determine correct bond rates for different states , states that have defaulted will have learn to start functioning without access to bond markets . 
  this would force all troubled countries to work out reforms or face the consequences of money running out . 
  not a fluent speaker in anyway :-) but how does the sentence seem weir or incorrect ? 
  just learn this one sentence , and you are allright where ever you go ... * hallo , wir sind aus griechenland , k\u00f6nnten sie etwas geld leihen ? 
  * i can guarantee that with this little help you will have great time in germany !, 
  in case of deportations . 
  in the eu all citizens have right to move between countries , however you ca n't stay in another eu country for longer than 3 months if you do n't have a job or you are n't a student or a rich person , thus member states have the ability to deport those individuals that do n't fulfill requirements to stay . 
  usually those roma being deported are bulgarian and romanian romas , not roma who are citizens of for example france or italy . 
  another thing is , how do you determine when somebody is hating a group of people ? 
  do you also count talking about roma experiences to that also ? 
  if so , then we have a problem , romas especially in bulgaria and romania have big problems , many stemming out of their culture and values , and these things ca n't be fixed , if we do n't talk about them . 
  the reason why social service does n't give more information about cases they handle is because they have obligation to protect privacy of the children in question . 
  for example even in a case where there parents have sexually abused their children , social service and courts have the obligation for children and have to keep quit about the case and its details . 
  now if we go back to children , problem with children is that they are n't best to judge on what is right for them . 
  again , parents can threathen , blackmail or manipulate them to say what they want . 
  social services need to look the bigger picture , bad parents can destroy their children and cause harm and trauma that may never go away . 
  in the case you mentioned , if the german social services would n't have a case , the polish court would n't have let them returned to germany . 
  the parents have advance in public because they can say whatever they want , but social services ca n't to defend as they have obligation to protect the privacy of children . 
  the reason why parents ca n't talk to their children with any other language than germany is the need for the social services to make sure that parents do n't try to threathen or blackmail their children . 
  what should also be remembered that children also have right as citizen of germany and their rights go over rights of parents . 
  or to say it bluntly , children as citizens of germany have the priviledge to live on one the best and most developed countries , and to them this is much more beneficial than to be dragged on some thirld world hell hole . 
   but not all were pleased by the decision , including the federation of german criminal police ( bdk ) . 
  `` our constitution can not be limited by a simple law , as parliament is currently trying to do in panic , '' bdk chief andr\u00e9 schulz told the neue osnabr\u00fccker zeitung newspaper . 
  `` the freedom of parents to practice religion will nevertheless be limited by a child 's more important right to physical integrity . '', 
  of course a trash container does n't solve this overall thing , but it would make the whole place much more cleaner and enable the people to make real effort to make their own places more comfortable . 
  i believe it is much more important to enable people to take care of their living environment by themselves than for society fix things for them . 
  when the society fixes things , people do n't have any investment to protect , but whey they themselves do something , they have much more motivation to protect their investment . 
  could the city bring a big trash container there so that the people could clean the area and keep it clean in the future ? 
  or would the trash container itself be possibly stolen if left there ? 
  in finland in cities most trash containers are submerged underground and the trash collectors just lift plastic container holding the trash to the trash car . 
  this of course needs initial investment , but could work as there would n't be anything valuable to steel . 
  thank you too for the conversation . 
  it would be interesting to continue , but as you said , there is lack of time and this topic could and would continue for ever . 
  the survey was n't bad , but there are other ways to do it that would have been more fulfilling ... you could have for example asked the respondent to log on to his/her facebook and linkedin account and then read his/her social and friends information from there . 
  then you could have proceeded on asking questions . 
   yes , which is why the financial sector should pay for its own bailouts - what you said ( well w/o mentioning benefits to some member states being the result of it ) , was exactly the argument barosso used in , i think it was a state of the union speech . 
  financial sector ca n't pay its bailouts by itself . 
  if you are going to try to save reserves from where bailouts are to be done , you are going to force international companies to relocate their finances outside europe , and you still have only finite amount of money . 
  bailouts of financial sector should be paid by users of the currency via decreased value of money - in short , bailouts need to be done by printing money . 
   agreed , a financial tax . 
  not sure why the transaction tax seems to have gotten more currency than a financial asset tax , since that would be less risky re capital flight , and also less uneven in regards to how much the uk would have to pay . 
    but it is planned , though obv divisive . 
  this is n't enough . 
  we need to remove member states right to tax and thus profit from the financial sector . 
  this is the only way we to remove the moral hazard from member states to take risks that put the whole euroarea in danger . 
   would finland be unaffected in the case of a systemic collapse of the european banking sector , which is what one risks w/o a mechanism for a last line of defense public fund ? 
  certainly most europe would n't be and its a matter you had a vote in anyhow - afaik required unanimity , with some supermajoritarian system only comming into effect in the future , though even that has many things decided by unanimity and i think countries are still ( unfortunately imho ) allowed not to pay if they vote against is . 
  the whole world would be affected in the euroarea banking system would collapse , that is n't the point . 
  the point is that it is unsustainable to create mechanisms that are unfair . 
  if you take a risk , you get the reward , but if you transfer your risk , you do n't deserve your reward .
