  financial trickery would also have been used to further increase growth . 
  no structural changes would have been made as there simply would n't have been any need for it , the only thing that would have been different that in the eu there would have been more lobbying to protect local industries , but it is questionable it that would have helped . 
  when the collapse of financial bubble would have began in 2008 , gips countries would have very quickly been exposed to the turmoils of financial markets . 
  cheap money that flooded their economies would ceased quickly to exist , causing collapse of construction and other industries tied to the boom . 
  if gips countries would try to fix the situation by allowing their currencies to devalue , they would cause massive wave of bankruptcies of individuals , companies and banks due to foreign loans . 
  other way to fix the situation would be to make an internal devaluation and increase interest rates to keep foreign reserves up , but that would cause huge political protests and again would lead to some individuals , companies and banks going bankrupt . 
  not to mention that there would be huge amounts of speculation in currency markets , forcing states to make decisions quick or face a possibility of a bank run and collapse of their economy . 
  the current crisis without the euro would the same as in the beginning of 90s . 
  increased speculation with multiple currencies would have lead to several bank runs in multitude of european countries . 
  few countries that would have gone bust , would have had to a temporary their foreign trade and nationalize all profits the trade . 
  in several other countries interest rates would have shot sky high in order for their central banks to ensure healthy level for their foreign reserves . 
  however the currency crisis would have gone from bad to worst as some eu members blame other members of having competitive devaluations . 
  instead of the markets talking about the brake up of the eurozone , the markets would be speculating about the brake up of the single market . 
  i was more surprised that the writers did n't display any connection to the reality . 
  for instance ... * british industries are highly and closely integrated to the european manufacturing network in a way that is totally impossible with north-american or let alone any else manufacturing network , and this is all due to britain being very close to the heart of the continental europe . 
  * london being a global financial center is more due to it being the financial center of europe , it mainly services european clients and clients wanting to do business in europe . 
  if uk would have joined the euro , ecb would be located right now in london and not in frankfurt . 
  britain ca n't swap these these things as they are more or less dictated by geography . 
  britain is european country and will remain to be one , even if it would n't be an eu member . 
  another thing is that nafta nor commonwealth do n't resemble either the late eec or eu in anyway . 
  the reason why the eu works is because there is a strong central body that can keep member states in line and rules to be followed . 
  in nafta there are no mechanism to keep the us following common rules , and in many commonwealth countries the rule of law is constantly under question . 
  then again murdoch media has n't ever been known for using ration in its views . 
  point taken . 
  well ... 
  in a recent survey conducted in finland by evening paper iltalehti , it was revealed that ... * 59 % of finns were for the euro * 37 % thought that joining the euro was a mistake * 4 % did n't have an opinion and when looking more at data ... * 25 % in the capital region thought joining euro was a mistake * 45 % in rural regions thought joining euro was a mistake * most positive towards euro were young people * most negative towards euro were old people over 65, 
  it is in the gray area . 
  at least in here our prime minister has said that investors are still responsible for their investments , however some other eurozone leaders have said that there will be no more haircuts , so what is the truth ... 
  i think that the truth is in between . 
  * there wo n't be provisions on the upcoming treaty about private investors being shielded , however in practice the euroarea countries and the ecb wo n't pressure banks and other financial institutions to do `` voluntary '' haircuts like they did with greece . 
  * all new bonds from the euroarea countries have , from 2012 or 2013 , ca n't remember exactly , a clause of collaborative debt organization in case the issuing country goes insolvent . 
  this was actually agreed few years ago to make sure investors know that they are investing to instruments that do carry a risk . 
  my bet is that greece will be the only country that has `` voluntary '' debt , others will be funded by the ecb like ireland has since 2008/2009 or countries in question will get their things in order . 
  for belgians it was n't irrelevant , but small countries are sidelined , that is the destination of small countries . 
  when germany invaded belgium in order to invade france , britain still had the option to not involve itself in the war . 
  britain was n't invaded , belgium was . 
  and even thought if belgium and france would be invaded , britain would n't be , not in many decades to come , so there was real option to opt-out . 
  however britain did n't opt-out from the war because it wanted to have a war with germany , a war that it thought it could win by surrounding germany in two front war . 
  do remember that germans at the time wanted to make a first-strike in order not to get crashed by two front war . 
  invasion of belgium as a justification to go war with germany is in the same class of acts as us and uk going war with iraq due to weapons of mass destruction . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  relations with the allies and with the central powers had already progressed into a gray zone where there still was formal peace , but war is judged to be imminent by both sides . 
  to answer who or whom started the first world war , we need to look on what happened before the war , and what events and policies drove the situation . 
  in case of the first world war , all powers share the blame as they all advanced policies that increased the risk of conflict or deliberately drove the situation into it . 
   in explaining why neutral britain went to war with germany , paul kennedy , in the rise of the anglo-german antagonism , 1860-1914 , claimed that it was critical for war that germany become economically more powerful than britain , but he downplayed the disputes over economic trade imperialism , the baghdad railway , confrontations in eastern europe , high-charged political rhetoric and domestic pressure-groups . 
  germany 's reliance time and again on sheer power , while britain increasingly appealed to moral sensibilities , played a role , especially in seeing the invasion of belgium as a necessary military tactic or a profound moral crime . 
  the german invasion of belgium was not important because the british decision had already been made and the british were more concerned with the fate of france . 
  [ 47 ] kennedy argues that by far the main reason was london 's fear that a repeat of 1870 -- when prussia and the german states smashed france -- would mean germany , with a powerful army and navy , would control the english channel , and northwest france . 
  british policy makers insisted that would be a catastrophe for british security . 
  [ 48 ] [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_world_war_i#british_security_issues ), 
  | as a poorly regulated market is exactly what created the fuel and then ignited the conflagration that is the 2008 financial crisis . 
  it 's pretty clear to me that market fundamentalism is holding the wellbeing of hundreds of millions of people hostage to the profit potential of a vanishingly tiny minority . 
  and moreover cadre of very wealthy , very powerful people saying we should squeeze everyone but them for the cash that we spent putting out this and the next fire . 
  that was the case mainly in the usa and in some european countries . 
  however strong market economy countries such as germany , netherlands , sweden and finland have fared quite well . 
  having an market economy does n't imply that there are no regulations . 
  if we then look at spain , portugal , ireland and greece where there have been huge construction and property booms , the failure of the governments of these countries where not to decrease public spending heavily in boom years to cool down the economy from overheating . 
  | had europe widely became the buyer of last resort of failing banks by nationalizing them , there could have been some devision of rescuing systems our society depends on while exacting the penalty of moral hazard by firing the upper management , withholding 100 % of bonuses , and wiping out holders of synthetic derivatives and shares . 
  has n't doing that put some european countries such as ireland into their current position ? 
  would n't it actually have been better for the banks fail ? 
  at least now we have the sepa system place , thus failure of multiple banks in one member state could be coped with on other banks extending their functions to said country . 
  actually manufacturing in developed countries is cost competitive to china . 
  the reason why so many companies have chosen to invest or outsource their production to china has been due to it being perceived to be more easier than investing and setting up highly automatized and robotized production lines in developed countries . 
  however as companies have now noted , there are no protection of intellectual property in china and as wages are raising rapidly there , more and more companies are actually either moving their operations back or moving into new locations such as vietnam and other south-east asian countries . 
  and of course there are less developed countries inside the european union like romania and bulgaria which are/could become lucrative locations for manufacturing as their low cost labor and location near markets make them a not a bad place to be . 
  i think that in many troubled nations there is great need to have a general discussion on how people expect the society to work - on how peoples as a group function , but also as how individuals work , and what the rights but also obligations of people are . 
  some of topics that come out of my are ... * responsibilities of different generations ... is it right that generations now in 50s and 60s get greater pensions than younger generations will get , even thought younger generations pay the pensions of older generations . 
  this is an issue that involves most european countries as only few countries have fully funded pension funds , and most rely on the next generation to pay out the generation before . 
  * do bribery and nepotism belong to the culture , to the way things are done , or are they judged to be corruption and heavy punishments used to force people to obey rules : for an example bribery of official leading to automatic prison sentences and nepotism to employer having right to cancel the work relationship at will ... * does the society want to be meritocratic , and if so , how much freedom it gives and how much wealth it allows its more successful members to accumulate ? 
  this also includes economic freedom , freedom to start companies easily , freedom as an employer to hire and fire at will , etc. . . 
  the reason why i 'm wondering about these topics is because it amazes me that there are still many people in that believe to socialism or even communism that want to nationalize industries and shut down free markets . 
  did n't they see what happened in the ussr ? 
  have n't they read weber with their marx ? 
  are they totally oblivious to the lessons learned in the last 100 years from both the capitalistic and socialist countries . 
  or people who say that doing inefficient things such as bribery or nepotism belong to their culture , and even that it is the right way to do things . 
  i just feel that in many countries there should be more conversation about these topics . 
  in my country during the beginning of 90s when our economic bubble collapsed and when at the same time ussr collapsed , there was a cultural change that moved this country to be more entrepreneur friendly , more market orientated , and people finally started to took corruption seriously . 
  i actually took the time to read the ecb policy paper where they outlined why in their opinion clearing houses dealing with euro-denominated transactions should be located inside the eurozone . 
  more or less their reason for it is the security of the overall euro financing system . 
  now the question is , are they right in their concern , or are they being paranoid ... from the point of view of britain , there is no difference on what the answer to this question is , the only important thing should be how to work an common agreement with the ecb that would satisfy the both . 
  for example maybe uk could give jurisdiction over the said entities and their employes to an eurozone authority ? 
  or could the clearing houses incorporate to eurozone , but keep their location in london ? 
  or could there be some legislation and regulation that britain could enact that would allow hightened security to achieved ? 
  whatever the coming solution to this problem is , i really do n't think that the aim of the ecb is to harm uk , their aim is to ensure the stable operation of the eurozone financing system . 
  i have to backtrack on what i said as i ca n't find links . 
  i remember this being talked when the s&p was warning that ... [ `` german and french proposals to restructure up to $ 30bn ( # 28bn ) of greek government debts were thrown into disarray after ratings agency standard & poor 's said they amounted to a `` selective default '' . 
  '' ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2011/jul/04/greece-greek-debt-austerity-default ) which from the current view point begs to ask on why has n't credit agencies declared a selective default to have happened after the publication of the `` voluntary '' haircut ... 
  by the way , here is more news about the `` voluntary '' haircut ... [ greece 's proposed 75 % haircut ] ( http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2011/12/15/greeces-proposed-75-haircut/ ), 
  completely different case , much before the ` voluntary ' cut of the debt . 
  you see one of the options to deal with the greek debt crisis is for the ecb to conduct a `` stealth '' buying program where it buys as much as it gets undervalued greek bonds . 
  after it has conducted this buying program , ecb organizes financing via third party , likely a greek bank , for the greek state to buy the debt from the ecb . 
  this would allow greece to write off a big huge number of its debt , private bond holders would get rid of their greek bonds , everyone would win except of course the ecb and in essence holders of euro . 
  now of course this is a very dodgy thing to do . 
  in my honest opinion an act like this would more or less constitute a reason to lower greece 's credit rating into d and let it stay there for decades . 
  however the reason why i mentioned this example is that credit ratings are n't just about getting the money back , they encompass much more . 
  the moment us or uk start to openly discuss that they may not be paying their back their quantitative easing programs , but instead monetize at least part of the debt , all hell will brake loose with their credit ratings . 
  and how do you explain s&p declaring that monetization of the greek debt or deprecating the value of greek bonds that ecb holds would be judged to be a default ? 
  should n't the act or possibility of ecb acting increase greece 's credit worthiness if credit ratings would only look at the risk of default - debts being not paid ? 
  higher inflation than you as a lender expected is bad for you , you are essentially getting less money back . 
  if inflating your monetary base would be the key for aaa ratings , then zimbabwe would have the highest credit rating in the world .
