  european countries ca n't pursue aggressive economic policies and strategies thanks to the european union . 
  what the union has done with common regulation has been to remove unhealthy competition from europe . 
  for example countries ca n't anymore ... * subsidize companies and industries to allow them to make losses and take over market share . 
  ( solar and mobile industries in china ) * dictate homegrown standards that benefit local companies and shield them from foreign competition ( case of td-scdma in china ) * protect local producers with import duties and preventing external companies to take part in public bidding ( again china ) germany has n't been guilty on any of these policies . 
  what has happened in germany is that wages have either stagnated or decreased , but this has happened largely because value created by workers has n't increased , and because workers in eastern europe and china can do the same work with much lower compensation . 
  if german wages would n't have stagnated or gone down , production would have moved , and now instead of talking about trade in balances in europe , we would be speaking about massive trade in balance between europe and china . 
  actually do you want to guess which two eurozone countries have balance of trade with china ? 
  i will give you a hint , they are n't southern countries . 
   for many years , thanks partly to bad policies in spain but mainly to aggressive attempts by germany to achieve growth by forcing a trade surplus onto its european neighbors , spain , and many other countries in europe , ran enormous trade deficits . 
  yeah . 
  i remember that time when the bmw dealer threaten me with a gun . 
  yeah . 
  damn germans . 
  forcing people to buy stuff . 
   unsustainable position of greece now , and for the next ten years which is largely caused by the greek society itself . 
  greece is itself a relatively rich society , they have the money and the ability to take care of their citizens . 
  the thing is that large enough group of greeks do n't want or believe in that , and that is very big reason why their state is dysfunctional . 
  not to mention that the greek position is going to worsen year by year because skewed population pyramid that is going to start making greece little bit greyer every year , connect this to the fact that the pension system is inadequate to take care of all the coming pensioners . 
  the only option is for greece to restructure their society until it starts to work . 
  eurozone can help in by organizing time , but the greeks need to find the drivers of their economy by themselves . 
   there is going to be debt forgiveness from the ecb and participating nations , and that is called a `` transfer '' in anyones language that is transfer , but it is totally different on having one time organization of debts versus permanent transfer of ever larger amounts of money . 
   the inevitable divergence that occurs within any political economy why is divergence bad ? 
  divergence is good , markets shift resources where they are used the best . 
  if a eurozone country seems to start lacking behind others in economic growth , then that is a good signal for the politicians and people to restructure the system to enable higher growth . 
   first you will have a banking union with common deposit insurance & common financial regulation that will not create a permanent transfer mechanism , because deposit insurance will be paid by banks , and payment levels will be calculated based on different risks level that banks have . 
   third you will have a eurozone budget , separate from the eu budget , and it will be used to iron out economic divergance again , where does the need come to iron out economic divergence ? 
  the reason why some regions are poorer is because they create less value than others , you do n't change that by pumping more money into the region , you fix that by letting the market act . 
  in some case the market action will be depopulation of a whole region and relocation into regions that can create more value and growth . 
  and like i said before , it is the decision of the society on are they going to guarantee everyone the ability to buy these basic goods or not . 
  because if the society does n't make that decision , there will be always people that ca n't afford them . 
  actually even if the society makes the decision to help out , there will still be people who misuse their financial benefits and are not able to afford basic goods . 
  with transfer payments or with devaluation you will only mask the underlying problem that has caused the balance of payment crisis , and that is china and globalization . 
  chinese producers have extended and taken over many markets that have been previously been in the hands of southern european manufacturers , ranging from textiles to low cost mass manufactured items . 
  chinese appetite for oil also has increased market prices which have largely been felt in economies whose power production largely relies on imported fossil fuels . 
  of course more prosperous eurozone countries could establish transfer union , but like i said before , that would only mask problems , worst it would remove impetus from these countries to seek solutions to their problems . 
  for example remedies to problems i mentioned before are things like ... * liberalization and cutting down of legislation to foster growth of new ventures and start ups . 
  this in time will enable creation of new growth industries to match losses that chinese industries have created . 
  * giving permits to build new non-fossil based power generation , there are n't for example no nuclear plants in greece and portugal . 
  another issue is that transfer payments would be easily constructed by not only politicians , but the markets that southern countries are for ever lost cases . 
  this would be very bad as there are no real reason why currently troubled states could n't succeed in the future . 
   do n't worry about eastern european countries ending up better than us , though , it would be good for them and hopefully good for us as well as perhaps then less people here would be against austerity when other european countries clearly demonstrate that they can foster economic growth without the government needing to spend taxpayer money . 
  i just mourn the wasted potential . 
  there are no reasons why countries such as portugal , spain , greece , etc. . could n't be highly prosperous and competitive , the basic hard things have already been done , it is just matter of getting few things right in the society and there would be possibility for stable and sustainable economic growth . 
  why should germany or other richer and developer euro countries transfer huge funds to less rich and less developed euro countries ? 
  germany is n't rich because for example portugal is poor , germany is rich because it has developed highly efficient society where things work . 
  portugal on the other hand has been left behind development because the society has blocked all kinds of growth thanks to rigid structures and unattainable economic policies . 
  if things do n't start to change and fast in portugal , countries such as slovakia and estonia will in a decade have higher gdp per capita than it has . 
  the only thing that transfer of funds from country to country will cause is that some countries and regions will stay behind for eternity as they do n't have any necessity to compete and fair well in the global markets . 
  another thing is that the eurozone/eu should be construct of liberal market capitalism , not bastions of intergovernmental socialism . 
  if some member state wants to have a welfare state , then it is their business to create and pay for it , it is not the business of the eurozone/eu to intervene . 
   that does n't necessarily mean that the greek worker was that much poorer than the other worker in terms of being able to buy every-day goods , because many goods would have come from within the country that was only because markets were protected from external competition , outside producers could n't export to greece , but greek producers could n't export either . 
  thanks to the miracle of free markets , greek workers can now afford smart phones while finnish workers can afford olive oil . 
  why on earth everybody is concerned about price of every-day goods ? 
  ability for everybody to afford every-day goods depends on does the society want to share income between its members or not . 
  i would be more concerned about german middle to long term structural deficiencies such as untenable energy policies and very skewed population pyramid . 
  you selected obama instead of romney !, 
  bastards !, 
  the logic more or less is that ... russians are not european , because europe is defined to be part of the western world , and as russians are n't westerners , they thus are n't european ... 
  this of course is politically very incorrect to say . 
  politically more correct is to note that russians form their own civilization , some like [ huntington ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_clash_of_civilizations ) call it orthodox civilization , others call it euroasian . 
  of course things are n't that simple as huntington describes as we have ongoing trends that are shaping the world . 
  for example globalization and creation of global culture can be seen as expansion of the western culture , on the other hand western world itself has transformed itself hugely in the last 150 years of rapid modernization and internationalization . 
  another thing to note is that russians themselves do n't necessarily see themselves as europeans , or let say it better , they feel otherness towards europe . 
  europe , the west , is something that is very close , but in the same time something foreign . 
  in my opinion , russians are european , but they are n't western . 
  this i think all can agree , more or less . 
  except that human space exploration is largely waste of good money that could be used to get better science from robotic missions . 
  devaluing of euro does n't really fix competitiveness . 
  what it does is lower earnings of the whole society collectively , allowing the society to keep doing what it has been doing before but with lower pay . 
  this is n't what we are really interested on doing . 
  instead what true competitiveness is build on doing things more efficiently and intelligently , by creating more value than before . 
  that will raise earning of the whole society . 
  this is what we need to do , we need to do harder , more complex , more developed things , if we stay afoot , we will eventually lapse down . 
  actually that would be ... * lets invade former soviet republics in central asia where the russians are actually largely buying the gas that they sell to us * ... of course the only problem with this is that there really is n't that much more gas to be produced , there is a finite supply of it in the world . 
  because states are very bad at investing money , look at spain , look at the motorways and high-speed rails to nowhere . 
  not to mention the countless state run companies that have gone bankrupt when they meet the free market . 
  another reason is that when states start making investments into other states , then very soon everything will become politicized . 
  lets say that the eu decides to build some solar power to north africa , the first in-fight will be between states to make sure that they get their fare share on contracts , the second fights brakes sooner or later with the builders and the host country , ranging from ever changing requirements to bureaucracy interrupting the whole business . 
  and every time after a fight , politicians will come and save the project with the european taxpayers money . 
  how about this ... 
  if the northern african countries want investment , then they need to start promote such things as rule of law , safety of conducting business , etc. . . and then when things are competitive enough , private investors will come and will invest . 
  let the market do what it knows best , after all it was n't foreign states that invested to china , it was private companies . 
  another thing that people forget when they speak about investing into northern africa . 
  if you invest huge amounts of money somewhere , and if that something has any strategic value , then you better have the capability of securing that investment . 
  for example a project like desertec if build near to full extend would need europe to have capability to invade the host country and occupy it for untold time , otherwise the money spend on it would soon be just dust in the desert . 
  thanks for the summery , had to still read the article ... 
  directly investing to northern africa by the eu or member states is waste of money . 
  better option is to offer more free trade and other trade incentives in return of expansion of human rights and democracy . 
  russia on the other hand does n't want common destiny with the eu . 
  russia wants to be russia , and this has nothing to do with putin , it is the internal inertia of the nation . 
  the best way to deal with russia is to forget that it exists and concentrate on managing internal european matters . 
  everything was so much cheaper in the estonian soviet socialist republic !, 
  toyota auris , made in uk . 
  banks behave the way they are allowed to behave . 
  there was nothing preventing baltic countries for example demanding more stringent requisites for lending money , for example dictating that property being bought can only equate to certain percent of collateral . 
  this would have prevented over heating of the property market very effectively , but then again it would have also cut down gdp growth rate . 
  the lesson to learn from this crisis is that politicians need to concentrate on long term optimization of gdp growth and not concentrate on short term growth . 
  people also need to learn that having having high figure growths from year to year , can and will cause economy over heating , thus they need to question politicians who ride with the growth of the economy . 
  of course this is harder to do than to say . 
  why should one sector of economy be shielded when others are n't ?
