   but does n't china has huge problems that it has n't really been able to sort out ? 
  yes , there are many problems still left , but they already have solved one of the biggest problems : overcrowding . 
   things seem to be calm but under the surface there are several problems with minorities and social injustice - a worker 's paradise which is no paradise if you are not rich . 
  before introduction of market centric reforms , everybody was poor in china . 
  was that better ? 
  greater social justice as everybody were more or less in the same level . 
  now thanks to industrialization and drastic development of the country , they have not only rich people , they have a huge middle class , and the fruits of the development are constantly triggering down . 
  wages are rising in the east cost and the lowest tier of factories and jobs are not bounding to poorer inner country . 
  it will take a long time for all of china to be developed and prosperous , but this is the only road that they can take to achieve it . 
   well you 're wrong - they simply swapped one problem for another in introducing such a drastic form of population control . 
  who is going to support vast amounts of people unable to support themselves financially with no real centralised pension system . 
  young people in china are increasingly being forced to support two parents , four grandparents due to confucian traditional expectations . 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , the chinese did swap problems , but they swapped a bigger problem to smaller problem . 
  the big problem that they had was they would ran out of drinkable water and food . 
  i would say that it is a lesser problem to support older generations with industrialized society than try to get water and food for starving people . 
   it 's interesting that you say democracy yes for india , but then applaud china who is far from democratic . 
  china has just achieved so much more than india . 
  they have successfully cut down their birthrate thus thwarted a huge possible catastrophe in the future . 
  not to mention they are fast building their country and industrializing fast . 
   we ca n't make african countries have a one child policy . 
  even if you wanted to . 
  china did n't just one day start with one child policy , it was preceded by voluntary `` late , long , few '' policy which between 1970 and 1979 cut down fertility rate from 5.9 to 2.9 . 
  what developed countries could and should do is to put state committing themselves on actions towards lowering of birth rate as one of the conditions to receive developing aid . 
  admiration goes to ... * japan . 
  high-tech , one of the leading global producers of contemporary culture , strong democracy !, 
  * china . 
  ancient civilization with huge potential . 
  they will be a super power in 2050 . 
  the rest of the developing world should take lessons from them , not only in how to develop and build industrial and technical society , but how to sort huge societal problems : just think how different globe would be if for example middle-eastern and african countries had one child policy !? 
  * south-korea . 
  the best korea . 
  high-tech and democratic , also another promising producer of contemporary culture . 
  and that was that . 
  these are countries that are most followed and i would say most important to keep an eye and try to learn on what they do better than us . 
  in case of others mentioned countries , few notes ... * india . 
  democracy yes , but when you will have one child policy ? 
  can you finally take lead of the muslim world from arabs ? 
  where did everything go wrong ? 
  why humans are your number one export ? 
   was described as black or asian , 5ft 8in tall and wearing a dark hooded top . 
  is this a new way to describe suspects ethnicity ... hmmm . . 
  lets see ... what is the average of black and asian ... could it be a person with ethnic background in the area from middle-east to pakistan ? 
  there are actually reasonable limits to eu immigration in a sense that the treaties only allow people to stay for 3 months afterwards they have to have a job or support themselves financially so that they do n't become burden to society . 
  also like you said , it is really weird that people are so against immigration from eu , but are totally silent about people coming from non-western cultures . 
  kudos for you posting these photos . 
  keeping the donetsk airport has been an amazing feature from these guys . 
  i really hope that you guys keep faith on yourself and on your cause : to have an free and independent ukraine where ukrainians can freely choose on what way and how they want to develop their country and what the country should be . 
   in the extremely unlikely event of a catastrophic global crises , europe would not starve . 
  even during wwii and the spanish flu there was hardly anyone who starved ( excluding those intentionally deprived in prison camps ) , we just imported food from overseas . 
  what sort of crises are you envisioning ? 
  the russians invading , the black plague returning ? 
  there was starvation in germany after the second world war due to germany being unable to import food stuff from neighboring countries . 
  also in the north , in finland , we had from 1939 to 1954 rationing to keep the population somehow fed . 
  in case of catastrophic event that would prevent global trade , it could be ... * an natural disaster that causes global economic meltdown and halts all global trade . 
  * a regional conflict that severely limits oil production and transportation , for example war between gulf arab countries and iran . 
  * a regional nuclear war in the middle-east * a financial crisis combined with an external force that dismantles the european union those are all likely enough things to prepare against especially when you think on what the possible costs would be . 
  here in north , if we do n't have our own food production , we are vulnerable to be just left to die . 
   china has strong institutional systems that can enforce a one-child policy . 
  unfortunately , many african states simply do not . 
  where there is will , there will be means . 
  china did n't just one day start with ** one child policy ** , it was preceded by voluntary `` late , long , few '' policy which between 1970 and 1979 cut down fertility rate from 5.9 to 2.9 . 
  in africa and other developing countries , what needs to first happen is that their governments must start educating population to have fever children , to shape the public opinion to be more acceptable for having a lower number of children . 
  after that has been implemented , the states can follow the chinese root and enact even more drastic measures . 
  it just came to my mind that what we in the west should do is to make our development aid conditional of receiving countries enacting educational programs and government programs whose aim is to decrease the fertility rate . 
   um , that 's the opposite of subsidizing it . 
  that 's being subsidized . 
  the people who subsidize it are the taxpayers across europe ( who pay the money to buy up the food ) and the consumers of food across europe ( who have to pay higher prices ) . 
  the current cap that is more orientated towards food security is like an insurance against a very bad day . 
  if there would be a global crisis that would cut down the global trade , if we do n't have our own food production then we are going to loose the most valuable asset that we have : our people . 
   additional losers are the millions of developing world farmers that are banned from selling their output to us , severely curbing their nations ' development . 
  that is not actually true . 
  if the farmers in the developing world could export more to europe , the local food prices would go up . 
  not to mention that in todays day and age , developing countries can attract foreign direct investment base their development on top of that . 
  just look at china !, 
  thanks to them opening up their economy and accepting fdi they are going to be the superpower of the later half of the 21th century !, 
  what the developing countries need to understand is that they need to do their homework like china did . 
  china instituted a one child policy to cut down their population growth , they step by step opened up their markets and have continuously worked hard to make their country better . 
  yes , they still have a lot to do especially with corruption and political freedom , but they will eventually get there . 
   europe must lift gm food limits to help feed planet , say experts so what does this statement in practice mean ? 
  does it mean that europe should grow more food for the rest of the planet ? 
  or that we should open up doors for the rest of the planet to import gm food to europe ? 
  if it is the number 1 position , then my question is on what money will the rest of the planet buy food stuff from europe ? 
  or should just give it free to the rest of the planet so that they can continue living in unstable way and multiply in the mean time ? 
  if it is the number 2 position , then it really questions profitability of gm crops . 
  eu is only market of 500 millions who already produce more food than they need to . 
  it is the rest of the planet that needs more food . 
  while i usually describe on more liberal and market orientated policies , the thing with gm food is that we in europe do n't need to take risks with producing food . 
  we produce already more than enough for us . 
  for us starting to use gm food would not produce any tangible benefits , what it would do is to introduce risks on our food security than could have fatal trigger in next 10 to 50 years . 
  why take risks when do n't need to take ones ? 
  ** and in case of the rest of the planet . 
  stop having so much children !, 
   i mean , israel does n't even acknowledge that there are refugees because of them and the conflict there . 
  how is that possible ? 
  my grandmother and fathers mothers both had to leave from carelia due to soviet union invading finland and taking parts of it . 
  am i refugee ? 
  there is no such thing as 1967 borders . 
  what there is the demarcation line of 1949 armistice between israel and arab neighbors . 
  what is important to understand is that both sides do n't count the demarcation line as the final border .
