  or you could say that the fed and the us government screw you order as they have let the value of us dollar fall with their policies . 
  eu loans did have high interest rates , but much lower than what the markets were asking , and as the crisis has continued to evolve , interest rates of these loans have been reduced so much that currently both spain and italy loan money from markets with higher interest rates than they loan to ireland and greece . 
  the huge problem that i and many others see is that both greece and ireland will eventually default their loans , member states that have loaned via eu and imf money to ireland and greece will lost some of it . 
  that is the problem . 
  now there is simple cure for both ireland , greece and portugal , slash expenses in the same manner that estonia did . 
  that is the only cure as it will allow cutting down of the public sector that is immensely inefficient especially in both greece and portugal , and irresponsible and incompetent in ireland . 
  after public sector has been cut , new growth will turn up from the private sector that is more competitive due to having larger worker pool and thus cheaper workforce . 
  that is the only that will work . 
  countries can help themselves if they really want to , for in example people in estonia have a taken a hard hit to survive this depression/recession and have had splendid results . 
  other countries in deep economic troubles should take example from them and not just draw their hands up and let others pay the bill . 
  the same in finland . 
  i have not seen any one seriously suggest that brake up of euro would be near or even possible . 
  for reference , i work at stock listed finnish it-consultancy company and have friends working in banks and consultancies and not one of them have made any noise about the euro brake up . 
  the bigger worry is if and when is nokia getting its mobile phone business in order . 
  you mean the uk ? 
  the answer to that is simple , rupert murdoch . 
  rupert murdoch and his news media have for decades been brainwashing the british public to hate and reject the eu . 
  without his intervention , while the british might still be sceptical , uk would probably host the ecb and be part of the schengen area . 
  once old rupert is gone and the media is free again , give few decades and britain has changed to more europositive than negative country . 
  israel membership in the eu would be a huge liability and burden for europe . 
  if there would be a conflict in the middle-east and israel would be part of it , we would have to defend and support israel . 
  today this scenario might not be that expensive , but if and when in the next 20-30 years arab countries develop and become more prosperous , thus more powerful , shielding of israel would cost lots of money , man power and weaponry . 
  not to forget that israel has bad relationships with its arab neighbours . 
  if israel would be eu member , it would reflect badly to europe and worsen european political and trade relations to arab countries . 
  this would cost real money and weaken the european sphere of influence in the area . 
  then there is the thing that israel is not a european country nor culture . 
  for example samuel p. huntington classified israel as its own civilisation , not a part of the western civilisation . 
  now while i do n't support israel membership in the eu , i support for more closer economic and civil co-operation with it , for example allowing it to join the european single market and the schengen treaty if it can satisfy the conditions to entry them . 
  other eu countries have succeeded doing financial and economic reforms without the need to break their obligations set by eu treaties . 
  in the danish case , the inability of the danish political system to make necessary economic changes is costing eu citizens and business from other countries their right to freely travel inside the union . 
  this is an important right in question . 
  if the danish state does n't back down , denmark should be excluded from the schengen area . 
  i have to say that this display of anti-europeanism by the danish state has upset me greatly . 
  as long as there restrictions on free travel stay , i will boycott not only to travelling to denmark , but also all danish companies . 
  i hope that other europeans also take the opportunity and join to boycott denmark . 
  that decision belongs to the parents of a child in question . 
  in finland parents can choose an other language than english to their child to learn as an first foreign language if the school in question has alternatives to offer . 
  however most municipalities and schools have decided on just offering one language , that being english . 
  also most schools have opted to only offer french and german as second optional foreign languages . 
  anyway , the decision to learn foreign languages , the amount and what to learn belongs to the eu member states themselves , and hopefully to the local authorities and parents . 
  i do n't think that there are big political tensions between finland and russia . 
  the main reason why finland and sweden have n't joined the nato is because nato is now less about defence and more about military intervention in third world . 
  the other reason is that the eu is going to advantage to collective european defence in the next 10 to 20 years . 
  so again why join something that is becoming a burden when there is a lucrative alternative going to be born . 
  and in the case of russian , i really do n't think that they have anything against the eu having collective defence . 
  yes , previously they had very large problems on understanding that other europeans are very serious about the union , but now they have more or less accepted it and work with it . 
  from the russian point of view , having an independent eu is a lot better option as it takes the world more into a multipolar globe where there are multiple centres of power . 
  in this multipolar globe the russian think that they can more easily navigate and brokerage between the bigger entities . 
  if the russians are worried about something , they are worried about the rise of china and how it affects their holding of siberia . 
  that is their real worry . 
  that is american bullshit . 
  in 2008 the combined military spending of the european union member states was $ 406,7 billion . 
  in the same time usa spend $ 620.5 billion . 
  now compare these two figures to dod estimates of $ 63.0 billion that china and $ 70.0 billion that of russia spent . 
  if europe would combine all their armed forces into a single force under guidance of the eu in the same way as the usa has done , eu would have nearly comparable army to the usa , challenging its hegemony in the european area of interest . 
  now if the european states would spend even more and again have a single military , europe would have a comparable force in comparison of the usa . 
  so if europe is already spending enough on defence , why is n't gates and kagan lobbying for europe to integrate its armed forces into a single entity ? 
  the answer is simple , they do n't want to . 
  they do n't want to because the usa has in clear terms made it public that it will not allow any state to challenge its leading power position in the world . 
  that includes also europe . 
  what the hawkish politicians and bureaucrats in the usa want is to have have other countries join their military adventures , but in a way where the leadership position stays firmly behind the usa . 
  having an equal partner would be a big no no . 
  more privileged youth in the northern europe ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  the northern european economies work because they have opened to the global competition and all efforts by the state , by the corporations , by the unions and by the people are to stay and become more competitive . 
  that is hard work . 
  instead of going to the streets why do n't you spend your time on something that really adds and creates value ? 
  maybe apply for education that has value , business or engineering or maybe vocational training ? 
  apply for a job till you get one ? 
  make a business plan and start a business ? 
  the real problem in europe is that people are n't working and trying enough hard . 
  banks in the us and uk were bailed out because they are important and essential part of the local and world economy . 
  furthermore banks were bailed by the local tax payers and holders of the currencies in question , not by international tax payers . 
  in the case of greece , the greek state is bailed out by international tax payers . 
  if the greek state bailed out itself , there would n't be any complaints , but as this is n't the case , there is really nothing to complain about . 
  and in case of the bailout , the emergency loans are in reality meant to make greek state to have an operational budget surplus . 
  do remember that you ca n't default if even with default your state would n't collect enough revenue for its spending , in that event , simply the government would run out of money literally . 
  and if the government runs out of money literally , then there is a possibility of collapse of the state . 
  that is something that the eu and eurozone wants to avoid , that is the real reason why these loans are given , to buy more time . 
  the greeks fucked up their own economy by having a too large negative trade balance for a too long time . 
  for example in 2010 the balance of payments of greece was -32 billion usd . 
  simply to put it , the greek state and the people over lived and over consumed for years , and that has lead the situation to this point . 
  now , what next ? 
  i for one support restructuring of debt or straight forward defaulting of loans , but there is catch ... greece runs enormous state and trade deficit , if the greek state defaults its loans , does it still have enough money to cover its current spending ? 
  my guess is that it simply does n't and if that is the case , the greek state runs out of money , what then ? 
  there has to be further cuts and austerity measures even if and when greece defaults as then it has to run only surplus budgets . 
  the fact of the matter is that greece will have to run austerity measures and cutting of public spending no matter what it does . 
  this is a fact of life that just has to be accepted . 
  now if you are ready for that , then by all means start debt restructuring or default , but remember , if and when you do it , you are financially all by yourself , nobody will loan money for decades to go . 
  if the greek state would start to print cash , it would take great amount of time to get into any figures that would start to make a difference for greece or the eurozone . 
  in any case at the moment when the illegal printing would become public knowledge , if greece would n't stop printing , it would be expelled from the eu , shutting down freedom of movement for both capital , goods and people . 
  greek banks would also be disconnected from the sepa system and in worst case scenario from the swift . 
  this really is an no issue . 
  the truefinns are n't going to be in the government . 
  they did n't make a compromise with the other parties about helping the portugal , thus castigating themselves to the opposition . 
  what the fuck denmark ? 
  this is totally unacceptable , unnecessary and inefficient thing to do . 
  the only way to fight against organised and cross border crime is to increase information gathering and exchange between member states and the introduction of a european federal bureau of investigation . 
  you sure do have possibilities . 
  in the company where i work , a finnish multinational it-consultancy , specialized largely to mobile software , we have a quite large number of non-natives working .
