  what they got was debts that they never ever could pay back , thus they settled to never try again . 
  this did n't just effect the people with debt , but also generations next to them being more afraid to take risks . 
  in case banks , allowing people to declare personal bankruptcies wo n't prevent future crisis . 
  the moment banks ca n't hound people to grave they will move to sell their risky assets to other investors as soon as possible , due remember the us sub prime crisis . 
  but then again , that is a future problem . 
  actually i forgot one thing , the most important one . 
  eurozone states need to allow people to declare personal bankruptcies , we really should imitate the americans on this one . 
  while the state ca n't take care of everybody and guide them , it should n't hold them as hostage of bad debts , people should be allowed to start again . 
  while this does n't solve any problems right away , it allows be to be entrepreneurial and work harder as they will also benefit from it and not the bank . 
  schooling is good , but putting large amount of peoples to study is very costly and there are no guarantees that it actually works . 
  actually in finland during the 90s depression most of the money was more or less wasted on useless consultants and schooling organized by said consultants . 
  the only good move that the state made was to introduce student benefits that pushed more young people to study and study longer . 
  i have to note that student benefits was 3/5 of unemployed/social security benefits , thus the state was saving by putting people to study . 
  in case of investment to infrastructure , that is tricky as they already have built quite much and it is already hard to find productive use for the current assets . 
  building more would only increase problems . 
  we should also remember that building takes raw materials and energy that more or less have to be imported , thus increasing the trade balance . 
  in my honest opinion , i think that few generations , those in 30s and 40s in crisis countries are more or less lost . 
  the state should concentrate on younger generations while reducing deficits and opening labour markets to at least people fair shot to compete on the work market . 
  but can the unemployed actually do any productive work ? 
  do remember that many people in spain did n't go to study , but went straight to work at buildings . 
  if you have been doing the last 10 years construction work , it is very hard to become a master welder or cnc-machinist . 
  the problem is that earlier generation , baby boomers to be exact , did n't do this . 
  for example in finland at first a tiny amount of money was paid to the pension system , enough to cover small pensions to an earlier generation that had n't paid any money to the pension system . 
  of course pension contributions did go up in time , but not enough and certainly not enough to cover the rise of longevity . 
  thus for this reason a huge gap of funding was born . 
  now of course the original designers of the pension system had thought this too . 
  everything would have gone smoothly by the next generation always covering the previous one , however when people started to have smaller number babies , the next generation was n't big enough to cover the last , thus enlarging the funding gap even more . 
  luckily our state did note this a decade ago and made pension reforms that has already lowered current and future pensions , however those probably have n't been enough and future cuts need to be made to make the system sustainable . 
  unfortunately this really does n't help my generation , we have to work harder , pay more and retire later : i just got calculation from my pension fund and with my current income level i can afford to comfortably retire at 68 . 
  you can fix trade balance by increasing value added taxes which decrease consumption and thus decreases imports . 
  even better option is to increase oil and fuel taxes as fossil fuels are usually imported , thus again consumption and imports can be decreased . 
  1 ) yes , there would have to be a new eu treaty , which i know is very hard process and does open up doors for both the uk and non-eurozone eastern members to gain interests , but we probably need to anyway renegotiate treaties to do anything . 
  it is a good question on how long that takes , but 2 ) it would have to be an independent institution , it should also be very light and work should be outsourced as much as possible . 
  for example when companies and investors present an investment application , it first goes over internal evaluation and then business consultants such as roland berger or bcg make an evaluation and their recommendation . 
  to make sure private entities are committed they should foot the bill of external consultancies in cases where their application is rejected , and contribute 10 % -20 % of the investment . 
  in case of member states , if they want to have stimulus money being spend in their economies , they have to make reforms that make their countries business friendly places . 
  if they do n't do that , then they wo n't be getting as much stimulus investments than countries with business friendly environment . 
  at the end of the day we still face the same problem ... * where does the money come for the stimulus ? 
  * who is going to use that stimulus money ? 
  * what is the money going to be used at ? 
  for example if we say that more financially better off states are going to loan/fund the stimulus , then that is only going to put more pressure for them to run austerity measures . 
  we also should have to ask how fair it is to ask money from poor/developing countries like slovakia and estonia for much richer countries like portugal and greece . 
  estonia just went throe hell implementing their strict austerity measures at the beginning of depression to be able to keep their erm connection and join the eurozone , why should n't other eurozone states too be asked to do the same ? 
  personally i think that the problem of dealing with this financial crisis has been putting too much emphasis on states either being drivers of the austerity measures or drivers of the stimulus . 
  in my opinion , if we are going to run a stimulus program it must be focused on the private sector . 
  my answers for my previous points would be ... * lets make ecb print half a trillion euros , thus making the holders and the users of the euro currency to pay for it . 
  * hand over the cast to either eib or create a new eurozone investment bank with ability to take some losses . 
  * loan/push the money to companies and investors that plan to invest it to projects in the eurozone , for example new power plants , new factories , etc. . . of course loans have to be commercially viable , there is no idea to fund projects that wo n't have any prospects . 
  growth in the south europe will come from liberalization of their labour market and stream lining of legislation which will allow new enterprises to be founded more easily and let old established firms to grow quicker by optimizing their labour used resources : getting rid of unproductive workers and replacing them with productive people . 
  actually swedish banks have taken part to the ride by their extensions in the baltics . 
  also in sweden home prices have went up considerable amounts during the last decade and many argue that there is at least small bubble in the swedish housing market . 
  the reason why sweden has n't had a banking crisis , because a ) baltic countries made an internal devaluation keeping their erm pegs ; b ) swedish industries have n't been hard hit by the depression , because they are export orientated industrial firms catering largely developing markets which have been growing quite steadily this whole time . 
  both greece and turkey are members of nato . 
  furthermore the eu has actually collective security clauses in the lisbon treaty , but no details of what the union should do if one its members came under attack . 
  i would also like to point out that other countries also have big neighbours with some bad history behind , for example we finns have russia next to us . 
  we of course could arm to the teeth , but that would only alarm the russians to spend even more on their armed forces . 
  a better way is to have good relations with our big neigbour and spend just enough on our army that trying to invade us would cost them too much . 
  banking and finance industy authority must be removed from member states and given to an eu institution backed up by the ecb . 
  the only mandate of the said authority would be to protect functioning of the financial market with authority to both bail out troubled banks if needed and allow them fail if markets can recover . 
  eu and member states must themselves legislate common european procedure of state bankcrupcies and an eu institution to restructure troubled states . 
  they also need to set up procedure to jump start eu wide economic stimulus programs if necessary , however programs like these must only invest to common infrastructure , funds ca n't be in any situation used to social programs . 
  then there is the last thing , citizens need to take responsibility of their own lives . 
  the state nor the society do n't own them anything , if people want something , they have to work hard for it and find their inner entrepneur . 
  i became depressed ... 
  i have been reading about this performance and it occurred to me that there is one more dimension to this . 
  while many have noted that the artist , makode aj linde , is black , not many have noted that he is also swede . 
  he is swede not because he is citizen , but because he is every way swedish . 
  thus the way he builds and communicates his art is also very swedish , which explains why he is understood or accepted in sweden , but not in many other countries . 
  this is great as it stimulates others to open and show their own prejudices and insularities . 
  this is great art , this is great performance . 
  people who criticize makode aj linde or the culture minister should themselves look on the mirror and ask do they have an objective outlook or do they have their own prejudices that distort their view . 
  talk about debt forgiveness is dreary talk out of this world as there are no creditors that write down debts without consequences to the indebted . 
  any write downs of debt will be because of defaults like the one that just went on in greece . 
  now defaults and attempts to prevents defaults may lead into a worsening of the situation in euroarea , however the solution on how to fix things is n't to push money into member states , but to remove authority from member states . 
  for example spain , belgium and ireland would all be in a different situation if authority and responsibility over banking and financial institutions would have been moved to an eu institution that would have the backing of ecb . 
  in this case the institution would have allowed some of the banks go bust while ensuring that at least few banks will remain in business to ensure proper functioning of the economy . 
  if the member states do n't relinquish their authority , then they have to accept that they ca n't rescue all of the banks and their savers , or they can go themselves bankrupt while trying to save financial institutions . 
  well , mr. himmler liked the country , and mr. hitler named the country and its people to be honorary nordic . 
  you see , we have a connection . 
  and how is that different than religious group or ngo doing it ? 
  corporations define profit as money , religious organizations as converted people , and ngos as furthering of their agenda/ideology . 
  i do n't see the difference . 
   it really is n't . 
  it has been a base assumption since the start . 
  look at the debt spreads of greek debt over german debt . 
  there was no way that that would have been sustainable without the implicit support of germany . 
  many commentators have even stated as much over the years . 
  yes , but many commentators saying something is so , does n't necessarily make it so . 
  like i said before , all these countries were having better finances and momentum , then there was a good story of the drive towards fulfilling maastricht criteria heeling old sins , not to mention that the new currency was much more reliable than old currencies combined . 
  the market situation was different . 
  now again it is different . 
  life goes by . 
   what happened to that buffer fund ? 
  it must have passed me by . 
    now , i do n't wish to get all patronising but if you and/or your media could find no fault with the eu as proposed at the time then one of you is doing a bad job . 
  no plan , certainly nothing involving politicians should ever be assumed to be `` so simple '' . 
  the problem is when the eu is moving , it has current realities that always hinder its development . 
  yes , you can imagine many problems that can come out , but then again there are costs and risk involved on not going further . 
  thus some things are n't on the table . 
   similarly now , why are the plans and proposals being put to greater scrutiny ?
