  not to mention that different industries and corporations can be inconflict with each others , thus again making the playground even shakier . 
  of course you can make a simulation of the technical process of forming a treaty , but that is n't a real simulation as it does n't count in the complex and very dynamic informal political landscape out of the meeting halls of politicians . 
  your simulation was unrealistic , you should have had few hundred people representing european and global corporations , you also should have had almost the same amount of people representing workers unions and ngos each fighting for their own benefit . 
  the problem is that public sector does n't produce goods and services that produce hard currency from exports or create consumable and investment goods that the people and society need in order to live . 
  that is the job of private sector . 
  without private sector there is no public sector . 
  in greece the problem is that public sector is too large relative to the productive capacity of the private sector . 
  that is where the imbalance is that needs to be fixed by moving resources from public to private sector . 
  depends on what do you get for the money . 
  personally i do n't mind paying taxes , but the government has to be responsible for spending money effectively and wisely . 
  * effectively meaning that there should be as little overhead costs as possible and all activities should be measured and compared to achieve as high as it can be output . 
  * wisely meaning that all activities of the state should aim to generate even more wealth and keep the society stable and secure . 
  personally at the moment i 'm most frustrated on usage of social benefits , the system does n't encourage enough and end up de-motivating and passivating people . 
  the answer of course is not as simple as decreasing benefits , unfortunately it is much more complex issue . 
  some benefits like need adjusted support should be cut down completely , some benefits like unemployment benefits should be conditionally increased to encourage re-education , much more funds should be used to things as personal and group therapy / support to enable people take control of their lives . 
  you already covered the negative sides of the suggestion so i wo n't add to them . 
  but i will question the motivation to suggest this . 
  if the motivation is purely theoretical , based on the philosophy that capital and capitalism are bad , then that is not good enough reason to change the system . 
  now if there are real motivations such as young people , young families , old people , or less fortunate ca n't afford housing , or owning housing is too hard , then those are problems that can be dealt by the system . 
  for example here in finland ... * in every municipality there is public housing available that one can afford even when living with only benefits . 
  people and families are prioritized based on their needs , most needy are served first . 
  even in the most popular places like the capital area , people are quickly server , those in hurry need to settle for housing in more distant corners while those who can wait will be able to get a housing from more popular places . 
  * for people who want more security and freedom while not wanting to buy their own house , there are housing with right to house . 
  in short you invest approx . 
  15-20 % of money of the building costs to the housing company , with that you get lifetime right to live there , of course you have to pay for maintenance and capital costs , making the form of housing approx 25-35 % cheaper than renting . 
  if you decide to leave the housing company , the company will pay back your investment . 
  * in case you want to own your housing , but you do n't have rich parents to back you up , there is government backed loan program for people between 18-30 . 
  in the program , a person has to make deposits for at least 2 years time , after the saving up , persons deposits will cover 10 % of the value of the housing , 70 % will be covered by the housing itself , and the state will cover the rest . 
  so if you can save 10000e , the bank will give you 90000 loan . 
  in my honest opinion , it is better to have capitalistic system allowing people to be driven by the profit motivation , but in the same time make accommodations for people who ca n't afford or who are just starting their own independent life 's . 
  in global economy local prices will match the global market prices eventually . 
  if this matching of prices is prohibited or interrupted by the state , then the producer is effectively subsidizing the local consumer . 
  competitiveness is all about flexibility . 
  resources go where they are most in demand and generate biggest output . 
  this means that people , companies and states must reinvent themselves all the time . 
  for example today i do mainly enterprise java software , but tomorrow it could be mobile or embedded software , or something completely else . 
  the point is to change with the times . 
  for example my colleagues at my last work place had only done cobol and mainframe development for the last 30 years , understandably they had lot less possible work and career opportunities do to staying in the same place doing the same thing . 
   capitalism means to be entitled to the labour of others through ownership of the capital . 
  the most obvious example of capitalism is paying rent . 
  the owner does not labour but they still expect to be paid . 
  this sort of thing is what anti-capitalists criticise , not the liberty to open shops and make products . 
  except that capital has been accumulated by working for it . 
  for example i have bought my own apartment by taking a 25 year loan from the bank , which i will pay by working . 
  after i have paid the loan , the apartment is fully mine . 
  now in the future , if i do n't want or ca n't any more live in my apartment , and decide to either rent or sell it , is n't it right that i will be compensated for all those worked years ? 
  i would also like to point out positive sides of renting ... * i went to study into a university 300km away from my parents home , without the ability to rent i could n't have studied in a place of my choosing . 
  * after studies were over , i relocated for work , to a town 450km away from my place of studies , after the recession started i again moved into the capital city , moving another 200km . 
  without the ability to rent , i would n't have been able to as flexible as was needed to work . 
  * in the next 35 years in working life , it is more or less certain that i need to relocate inside the country and have to spend at least few years out of the country in order to gain maximum output what i can give in my work . 
  again ability to rent is must . 
  i really do n't understand the stand that renting is bad . 
  if renting is bad then why not move to owning a property ? 
  ... if that is impossible , then your real problem is having a non-functional market . 
  i 'm all for moving the authority of border controls and security to european institution funded by all schengen treaty member states . 
  the situation in greece is unfair for the greek state , other schengen countries should share the burden of controlling the border as they also benefit from the secure external borders and removal of internal borders . 
  instead of using a british bank and a spanish bank you could just as well transfer your savings to any eurozone bank because due to sepa the whole euroarea now works as a one domestic banking area where payments cost and take the same time now matter where you and your bank are . 
  anyway , are n't the big spanish banks like santander actually in quite good shape ? 
  i have the impression that only the cajas where in deep trouble . 
  i think that it is primarily the debt bubble , especially in spain and greece were there are large structural problems . 
  in greece you have the dysfunctional state that is getting way of everything , and in spain you have the hangover of having for a decade had too large percentage of your population and businesses concentrating on the construction industry . 
  both are hard problems to fix , but not impossible . 
  however peak oil is coming and things are only going to get worse if countries do n't start their transformation process to become low carbon based societies . 
  this essentially means that they either build and use nuclear power in a cost effective way or they go overboard on trying to engineer their way out of the situation via wind and solar . 
  that is cowabuse , not cool bro . 
  you got to have money to drink . 
  you are concentrating on wrong issues . 
  the only real issue is , can we have the money back ? 
  and if yes , then when and with what interest ? 
  if the eu would n't be loaning money to greece , greek state would default and need to impose even harder austerity measures in order to close budget deficit cap . 
  with the money eu loaning greece has the option to close the budget deficit cap in a longer time frame , possibly allowing it make more intelligent cuts and measures to allow the economy to recover . 
  but hey , if you have better alternatives to this then please make a case for it . 
  you remove a risk of fines and penalties from companies and entrepreneurs thus allowing them to publicly hire personnel . 
  this will help the situation as people who are paid legally are also people who are taxed , it will also allow people to get loans from banks as they have legally proven income . 
  and as you said , if the situation is already this albeit illegally , there is no reason to not make the situation legal . 
  you need hard currency to buy oil , that makes it very real . 
   would it not flow back in after the devaluation , though ? 
  especially given the new competitiveness which greek products would have relative to the eurozone . 
  yes and no , it depends on would the capital holders think that they will earn high enough return compared to the risk they take . 
  in case of greece there is quite high political risk : does the country take an additional turn to left ; will there be higher taxes for wealthy ; will there be riots ; etc. . . then you have the currency risk , you earn drachmas today , but what are they worth tomorrow . 
  i would also like to point out that in case greece returned to drachma , they would come a little bit more difficult place to visit for european tourists as they would have to exchange currency . 
  bulgaria and romania already offer sun and beaches for tourists and moving to drachma would be another reason for many tourists to travel to those countries instead of greece . 
  in my honest opinion ppp figures are more or less useless , they do give some view on what the standard of living in a specific country is , but not really on the strength of the economy . 
  i much prefer gdp nominal as then we are dealing with something real , namely cash . 
  the more hard currency your economy is able to produce the better . 
  in case of greece , i think the problem is that there is no possible way on how the country can leave the euro amicably . 
  capital has already flown out of the country and the rest will follow the day greece informs that it will leave the eurozone . 
  there will also probably be riots in the streets when energy prices double or triple , depending on how low value the new drachma will have . 
  you also have to take into notice that if eu would give favourable terms to greece , either other european states forgiving loans to it , or enabling the leave eurozone with supporting loans , there would political hell on earth in many of the central and northern european states . 
  people are already outraged that the government is loaning money to troubled states , if they lost that investment , the outrage would be huge . 
  greece leaving its debts unpaid would result to landslide victory of anti-european populist parties . 
  do they really need time and money ? 
  for example opening up the labour market by slashing regulation and bureaucracy does n't cost money , you only legislate new laws to replace the old ones . 
  the market will accommodate straight away without cost to the state . 
  i hate to nitpick about terminology , but it is unfair to say that austerity in greece is forced . 
  austerity in greece is caused by the reality , if greece would n't be part of the eurozone they would still face austerity in the form of external devaluation . 
  in case of reforms in bad times , it is all about political leadership and the best and brightest of the country coming out and lining the way forward . 
  people have to be given a ration on why things happen and what to expect after . 
  there have been countless countries where this has been done , just recently estonia made a drastic austerity program in order to keep the currency peg to euro and to join the eurozone . 
  in case of what do with troubled states , i really do n't see no alternative on to austerity , austerity is absolutely needed , states have to cut down their scope and activities .
