  in the case of greece we are talking about local problem of the greek state spending more money than it had . 
  in case of invasion and occupation we are talking about eurozone wide problem : can you trust that the money you have can be used . 
  essentially an attack against any eurozone state would mean that global markets would loose confidence on euro and start selling it quickly leading to total collapse of the value of the currency ... 
  if not the eu/eurozone countries show that are going to defend the currency area against external threat . 
  i more or less answered this in another [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/22oagc/is_estonia_worth_a_war/cgott0h ) . . 
  in short : attack against an euro country would be an attack against eurozone and if that attack is n't repelled then the whole euro will collapse thus taking the whole european and global economy with it . 
  one important point that people have n't noted about estonia that it is european union member state and member of the eurozone . 
  if other eu members would n't quickly assist estonia to repel any invasion or occupying force , then euro as currency would crash and collapse thus taking the whole european economy with it . 
  we are easily talking about damages in trillions of euros . 
  or just blockade the transnistrian border . 
  nothing comes in , nothing goes out . 
  then sit down and watch on how what is left of the transnistrian economy will be crashing down and sooner or later ordinary people will either move away from there or take down the local authority by force . 
  it also hurts the economy when you are being occupied . 
  this really is n't even about open standards . 
  the reason why for example libreoffice ca n't replace office is n't because it ca n't open office documents 100 % accurately , hell even office ca n't open 100 % accurately files created in different office version , the reason is because the ui and functionality are missing . 
  i wrote my own master thesis with openoffice and got big headache on using it . 
  i have also used openoffice/libreoffice presentation tool , and ... again compared to office it gives a headache . 
  same is true with active directory and exchange ... 
  the functionality is just either missing from competitive products or it is too hard to use . 
  hell , even i have started to think about switching my linux dev desktop to windows just because i 'm sick and tired of either having software that is missing or that is hard to use . 
  i have run different linux variants in my home desktop and in countless servers for the last 15 years . 
  unfortunately the sad fact at the end of the day is that there is nothing in the linux side that effectively replace active directory , exchange and microsoft office . 
  yes , linux software and offerings from google have become better , but they are still so far away from what microsoft offers . 
  people have the freedom to vote for parties who increase benefits to the poorest members of the society if they choose so . 
  in case of ukraine and greece the problem is that there is no money . 
  if the greek or ukrainian government want to give benefits to the poorest members of their societies , they need to cut money from somewhere else to be able to pay for it all . 
  not to forget that people do n't have the freedom to be free from the constrains of the reality . 
  both greece and ukraine do n't earn enough money to cover their expenses , this ca n't go on for ever and ever , spending needs to be cut or productivity increased . 
  no money , no gas . 
  the thing is that the ukrainian government is bankrupt , they do n't have enough money to pay for the gas . 
  the only way out is to stop spending and in this case it means stop subsidizing gas . 
  in case of greece and the imf not being positive about decreasing vat for heating gas is because gas is an import . 
  the cheaper it is for the consumers , the more they will use . 
  but the problem in greece is that the whole country leeks money out , they need to cut down imports and that means increasing their price for example with usage of vat to point that usage of imports start to decrease . 
   no , communism as an ideology is about equality ( class , gender and race ) and is very anti-imperial . 
  having read the manifesto i can most certainly say its message is not to go and kill minorities or destroying human rights . 
  you might want to start your de-indoctrination from reading few books ... * [ the black book of communism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_black_book_of_communism ) * [ the open society and its enemies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_open_society_and_its_enemies )  if we look at the most warmongering machines of the west , all of them are democratic . 
  does this mean democracy calls for death and destruction ? 
  warmongering ? 
  us , europe and japan have only intervened when totalitarian governments have committed cross human right violations and crimes against humanity . 
  western countries are the beacons of human civilizations , that is why people all around the world want to visit and become part of them . 
   you forget that the russians suffered as well , we lost 20mil ( lowest estimate ) people in wwii , and during stalin 's purges ( estimated 40mil victims ) , a disproportionately huge number of those sentenced to gulags and killed were russians . 
  that is even a better reason to say `` never again '' and do the soul sourcing and thinking on what caused all that suffering . 
   as a russian , i see no need in `` soul-searching '' for i personally have done nobody any wrong . 
  neither has anyone in my family tree . 
  and if there were , i do n't see why i should . 
  i have a german friend whose grandfather served in the army in nazi germany during wwii . 
  should i have him call me up every weekend and tell me he 's sorry his grandpa killed some of my countrymen under direct orders ? 
  you should get over the whole hating-a-whole-country-for-what-it-did-in-the-past thing . 
  that serves no purpose . 
  it is the underlying culture that continues from generation to generation . 
  germans after the second world war were very critical of their culture and values as they had caused not only the defeat of the country in two useless wars , but also caused holocaust . 
  this critic made the germany , its society and and culture different , better , than what was the state of society and culture before the wars . 
  the thing is that russia has n't done this soul searching . 
  on the contrary the political elite of the country has instead embraced and cherished the memories of the ussr and russian empire . 
  this is frighting as nothing has been learned , no lessons have been ingrained to the collective memory of the nation . 
  in a worst case scenario putin 's russia will follow the path of ussr and russia , waging war of aggression , imperialism , xenophobia , racism ... hopefully not crimes against humanity . 
  and no , i 'm not hating the country , you are the one who is talking about hate . 
  what i 'm pin pointing is the concern , the fear that lives in the neighboring countries of russia - that russia and its society have n't learned anything from ussr . 
  after the second world war germans had to face the consequences of not only the nazi regime , but consequences caused by imperialistic and xenophobic and racist elements that the german culture had that had present already during the german empire . 
  nazis did n't just happen , there was much in the german culture and society that made them happen and made them what they were . 
  after loosing two world wars and been totally defeated , they made a soul searching and faced the evils that they had caused , making a decision that what happened would never happen again . 
  russia has never done this !, 
  no soul searching at all !, 
  and no , this is n't about stalin , this is about the soviet union and the underlying russian culture that was fueling it . 
  i already noted you , if it was all about stalin , then how do explain everything that happened after his death ? 
  you ca n't do it without judging the soviet union , it 's underlying society and culture that was fueling it - in essence the people behind it . 
  and communism , do n't you agree that it is an ideology of death and destruction ? 
  does n't it promote discriminate killing of people and trembling of basic human rights ? 
  if it was stalin only then surely after stalin 's death soviet union leadership would have given independence back to all countries annexed under stalin , allowed eastern european communist countries to freely choose their way ... yeah ... that never happened . 
  the thing is that ussr was continuation of russian imperialism that annexed and vassalized neighboring countries , colonized annexed countries , actively engaged to destruction of non-russian languages and cultures , etc. . . and after soviet union collapsed , was there public trials against criminals who run the regime and committed crimes against humanity ? 
  was there even any discussion about collective quilt of the russian people ? 
  nothing ... 
  the worst regime of the 20th century that caused more deaths than nazis , driven by ideology of death and destruction ... and nobody asked why ? 
  why russia ? 
  what was wrong with the russia and russian people that they created a monster that almost subsumed the world ? 
  ... nothing . 
  this is white washing of history to only talk about the deportations of 1949 . 
  the crimes against humanity were done much earlier and continued throe out the soviet occupation . 
  if you want to watch a good movie that touches the horrible history that estonians had to suffer , [ puhdistus / purge ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oknpzf776_4 ) is quick introduction to the whole subject in hand . 
  it was hit intentionally to destroy any parts of the downed f-117 that were given to the chinese by the serbian officials . 
  hopefully hatred towards russians is gone and for good . 
  my own grand mother was a finnish russians and they as all other finnish citizens fought against the soviets in winter war and continuation war . 
  if i would categorize somehow the finnish attitude towards russia it is deep suspicion . 
  kremlin is n't going to bring democracy and freedom that is for sure . 
  edit : suomipoika , tule t\u00e4nne niin saat leip\u00e4\u00e4 - did n't work then , does n't work now :-d, 
  sorry , you have to go to finnish army training , after that we can talk , but then again after that you would know enough . 
  especially recommended is to serve in the guerrilla company , few friends have been there , fun stories . 
  and then what ? 
  are you saying that russians would n't need troops in the ground to occupy the country ? 
  you do understand that there would still be the finnish army to welcome russian troops . 
  ( hvk 2009 , s. 
  you can google translate the rest , but the bold text essentially says ... ** bread grain will be held in reserve across the country for the amount of annual need of the industry . 
  this amount corresponds to about 400 000 tonnes . 
  ** so i can assure you , there is grain supply for the entire population for more than 3 months . 
   probably by sending some planes and sinking every single finnish ship . 
  come on you have to be delusional to think finland could hold out against russia . 
  they are safe because the rest of the world ( including the eu ) exists and would n't tolerate an invasion , that 's it . 
  without external aid finland would be without a chance . 
  eventually yes , but not without causing unacceptable losses to the invading enemy .
