  they were born of out entrepreneurship and free markets , not by the state setting up companies . 
  that is why us is one the richest countries in the world , while countries that did n't follow or allow markets to function are nowhere near the top . 
   i 'm all for making societies more efficient but i do n't believe in the market gods , so to speak . 
  your insistence that everything can be solved by entrepreneurship and private sector initiatives seems kinda naive , to be honest . 
  us of a. is a working example how allowing markets to function freely will benefit the whole country and make it very prosperous . 
   let me guess : your ideal would be for the crisis-stricken countries to just do austerity on their own without being given any loans at all , right ? 
  that actually could have produced better results than giving endless bailout programs , some direct and some veiled like the ecb buying endless amounts of bonds from secondary markets . 
  the thing is that crisis-stricken countries stricken because they had major problems on how their societies and economies worked . 
  if there would have been no bailout programs what so ever , these countries would have had to default and people would have had to face consequences of their choices and beliefs . 
  this of course could and probably would have caused major social upheaval ... 
  but then again , there will be major social upheaval in crisis-stricken countries anyways as they are very late on preparing themselves to face the next crisis - pension and generational crisis - which in my opinion they have n't prepared at all . 
  if there is n't a social and ideological change in crisis-stricken countries to adopt more entrepreneurial and market friendly policies and debunking of statism , these countries will face increase of poverty and misery and as their economies and societies ways of working ca n't support non-functional and ruinous policies . 
  here is an [ imf article ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/survey/so/2008/car102808a.htm ) about the issue , especially nice graph : both latvia and estonia are up there with their foreign denominated debt ... and here is an other [ article ] ( http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/27860/ ) about this , let me quote some sections of it . 
   in hungary and poland , almost two-thirds of all mortgages were denominated in swiss francs or euros last september , according to unicredit strategic analysis . 
  in romania , 94 percent of mortgages were in euros . 
  baltic homeowners heavily borrowed in foreign currencies as well . 
  a good example of developing economies in europe ...  exacerbating the issue , austrian borrowers also rely on foreign-currency loans . 
  unique in western europe , almost a third of all austrian household debt , or 37 billion euros , is held in currencies other than the euro , mainly francs . 
  and another example of a developed country doing it . 
   there is n't an evil fairy who shuts down businesses after a devaluation . 
  what 's the transmission mechanism between currency depreciation and private sector insolvency ? 
  do private parties have a lot of foreign denominated debt ? 
  like i said before , foreign currency denominated debts . 
  if you are individual , company or bank with foreign currency denominated loans and the value of your domestic currency goes down , your loan and interest payments go up . 
  now multiply this effect with the whole economy : huge amounts of money is removed from consumption and investments and instead used to pay higher loan and interest payments . 
  now part of the reason why latvians like estonians , lithuanians and almost everybody in the eastern europe took these foreign originated loans was because these countries are capital poor . 
  for their economies to grow , for investments to be made , they needed and still need foreign capital for it . 
   you normally expect in small countries where private borrowing is in local currency i live in a free country , if i want to for example borrow in foreign currency that is the business of me and the borrower . 
  there is nothing restricting me for example taking japanese yen based loans instead of borrowing in domestic currency if it suites me ... [ for example many in britain took yen mortgages before the financial crisis ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/borrowing/mortgages/9892023/british-borrowers-crippled-by-yen-mortgages.html ), 
  of course they do have , they are a small country , small countries always have foreign denominated debt . 
  lets start from the overall economy . 
  the size of latvian external debt is approx 138.55 % of their gdp . 
  this largely consists from individual , corporate and bank debts . 
  before the financial crisis most people who took loans took them in foreign denominated loans , they did this mainly to benefit from lower interest rates that foreign currency denominated loans offered . 
  now if latvian lat would devalue , you would have huge wave of bankruptcies around the country where anyone exposed directly or indirectly would go out of business . 
  there would be nothing that the latvian state could do about it , it would be game over , that is why latvia never devalued their currency during the financial crisis and instead took a bailout package from the eu and imf in size of 7.5 billion eur . 
  so , the answer is they have lots of foreign currency denominated debt and there is nothing they can do about that . 
  that is a cost that any small country with an open economy pays to participate global markets . 
  thus the choice that latvia really has is either live with huge currency risk that just almost recently exploded in their faces , or join the euro and eliminate one big risk that anyway they ca n't control . 
  not really . 
  what most people forget about small countries and debt is that big part of that debt is usually denominated in foreign currency . 
  why ? 
  because when small countries run budget deficits long enough , they end up running also trade deficits , and at some point when foreign currency reserves go too low , they need to loan more in foreign currency to keep the currency exchangeable . 
  if you do n't , then you need to set up currency controls , that for example iceland is still running . 
  i have the recollection that the swedish intelligence and the us share intelligence . 
  at least that is the basis under which we and many others operate . 
  not to mention that if you happen to be a customer of teliasonera , all the traffic swings to sweden thus potential terrorists should use finnish mobile operators or risk winning a permanent holiday under the sun . 
  did i say finland has weight ? 
  i did n't . 
  what i said is that finnish industries are geared towards exporting to non-eurozone countries , 50 % of exports go to non-eu countries and only 30 % to other eurozone countries . 
  ability to gain from free trade is not tied up to country being big or small , but the structure of its industries . 
  and mind you , finnish gearing of industries or their structure is not something that happened magically . 
  no , behind it is continuous work decade after decade to make finland more international and make both finnish citizens and companies able to interact with the world . 
  not to mention that painful industry transformations have been let to happen in here and not been tried to subdue with govermeant regulations or subsidies , thus making industries more competitive . 
   fine , then h&m ( taking them as one single example ) should not be allowed to import clothing manufactured in countries with poor labour standards . 
  and what about us companies ? 
  what about chinese companies ? 
  or what about if h&m moved their hq for example to switzerland . 
  what do you do when they manufacture in countries and places with poor labor standards ? 
  you do understand that you can legislate h&m out of business , but the americans or chinese will retaliate with trade sanctions if the same standards are required from them . 
   ok so ... given that the western worker will lose his job anyway , it 's somehow better to employ a child rather than a machine ? 
  i do n't have a problem on machine making the same product , but do you have a problem on that same child dying because he/she did n't have a job and thus could n't afford food ? 
   plus , at least you would save on the economic and environmental costs of shipping goods around the world , and build locally . 
  cost of shipping is actually very low and same is its environmental impacts . 
  it is actually more environmental friendly to buy wool and lamb meat made in new zealand than the one made in europe . 
   because the bengali government and business are exploiting weak labour laws , thereby creating unfair competition . 
  and what are you doing about that ? 
   and there is a legal precident . 
  men who have slept with minors in thailand have been persecuted in europe for child abuse , even though the crime has been committed abroad . 
  knowingly employing child labour ( we assume the european firms were aware of what went on ) - directly or through contractors - is a form of child abuse . 
  you make the assumption that european firms know that in some specific point in their supply chain , some party is using child labor . 
  that is quite rich . 
  they do n't know , and they ca n't know , even if they make endless checks , there still can and will be a place that employes child labor . 
  not to mention where do you stop following the supply chain ? 
  are you going to include goat herders in some god forsaken country in somewhere ? 
  are you going to include places that produced minerals to chemicals that were used to die the clothing in question ? 
  were do you stop ? 
   that 's good news . 
  i 'm sure a great comfort to a 14 year old child crushed by falling concrete because of substandard building conditions . 
  that is the fault of the owner of factory and fault of the local govermeant authorities that did n't do their work properly . 
  not to mention have you thought that there might be something wrong in the country in question that a 14 year old must work in factory ? 
  what what his/her story . 
   well , they could still have that work . 
  we just make it law ( or enforce current laws ) that european bosses are made liable for the rights of workers in those countries , including safety and minimum age . 
  in the above case in bangladesh , if the factory conditions were dangerous , and they were employing children , the bosses of h&m would be liable under the same law we would use to persecute them if they were employing 14 year old kids in dangerous factory conditions in sweden . 
  that is unreasonable and you know it . 
  what it would do is to make companies pull out from the country . 
  but do n't expect that those jobs would come back to developed countries , they would be done increasingly by machines and robots . 
  thus your solution would leave the people much worse of . 
  another issue with this is that bangladesh is sovereign country , they have their own govermeant and authorities , why are you concentrating to multinational and not to them ? 
  all exports to non-eurozone countries , no matter what country is doing the exporting , increases our foreign exchange reserves . 
  when a german company exports for example to china or us , it works to keep or increase the value of euro , we get us dollars in exchange of our work that allows us to buy oil , gas and other imports from the global markets . 
  and in case of big countries vs. small countries . 
  there is no division in this question . 
  the two eurozone countries that have trade balance with china are germany and finland , thus size does not matter , it is the build up and orientation of industries . 
  what we in europe need to get into our heads is that we need to export more to the world , we ca n't just sit here and trade with ourselves . 
  in case of chinese workers , they are more better of than they were before , that is why they are doing factory jobs . 
  and if they were n't , then it would be increasingly robots doing the work . 
  the problem that we have today would still remain , on how to reach a higher level of value addition and how to find new exportable markets for those products outside the union . 
  that is the negative side effect of the globalization , but you handily forget positive sides which include injection of foreign capital into the country both in form of exports and foreign direct investment , work and livelihood for the people , etc. . . just look for example to china , their gdp per capita ( nominal ) is today over 6000 usd and growing fast .
