  what the hell are they doing with 15000 employees ? 
  the finnish fortum , from which 51 % is owned by government , and is listed in the helsinki stock exchange , only has around 9900 employees ... 
  however they are multinational energy company with large scale operation in nordics , poland , baltics and russia , around 4200 employees out of the total 9900 work in russia . 
  so my question is how the hell can there be so many workers in the greek public power company ? 
  that is ridiculous !, 
   i am aware of the facts . 
  the gdp grew slightly after one of the most terrible recesions ever existed . 
  every recession ends , it ca n't continue forever . 
  that is not the programme being successful . 
  this slow slumping growth of 0.5 % will keep happening for years , it 's not a solution on a country that has been ravaged the program was very successful . 
  in 2009/2010 greece was a bankrupt country overspend and over consumed . 
  if the eurozone governments would not have given loans to greece , greece would not only had defaulted its debts , which would have not only bankrupted its bank sector but also its pensions fund , however these would have been just side effects . 
  the main issue would have been total collapse of the greek state and society . 
  when your budget deficit is -10.1 % of the gdp ( 2009 ) , if you do n't get that money from somewhere , you have only a small part of the budget covered . 
  what do you think would have happened in 2009 and 2010 without eurozone loans ? 
  if greece would have exited eurozone , greece would have ended up with worthless currency with capital and import controls , probably the army would have had to be called , same thing if greece would have stayed in the euro but tried to cut down public deficit over night . 
  the fact of the matter is that greece is a a ) still democracy ; b ) still part of the eu ; and c ) was growing in 2014 are actual achievements of the program . 
   about the current account balance , it 's murderous to impose austerity and cuts on an economy in recession ... just to pay a debt that can not be payed while the economy dies slowly . 
  the primary budget deficit was -10.1 % of the gdp . 
  in 2009 the greek gdp was 341 billion usd , the greek state needed 34.1 billion usd just to function as it was . 
  where do you think that kind of money can be found and just handed over ?!, 
  the fact of the matter is that we are not just dealing with cyclical recession where you can just spend your way out . 
  we are talking about a first world country where for over an decade successive governments had overspend , over consumed and corrupted the whole economy with it . 
  when your current account balance is -14 % , your economy is seriously twisted . 
  there had to be a rebalancing and return to normality in greece . 
  normally this kind of re-balancing could have lead to a revolution , thanks to loans from the eurozone the greek governments could actually do some balancing . 
  and by the way , that article is bullshit . 
  the core of the issue is that greece had too much public spending on non-productive people . 
  you ca n't expect the country to function by having every one and their cousin working in the public sector and producing nothing . 
  that is the core of the issue . 
  greece started to grow !, 
  * [ 2014 greek gdp grew ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth-annual ) * [ 2014 greece almost achieved current account balance ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/current-account-balance-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html ) the fact of the matter is that the greek economy before the 2008 financial crisis was based on foreign capital injections that were financed by state by taking more and more loans . 
  what happened when the crisis started and greece received the bailout and restructuring program was re-balancing of the greek economy . 
  in 2014 the greek economy finally came into natural balance , from hear on it would have grown if the business environment would have stayed the same . 
  however syriza ruined this all by invoking again fear about instability of the greek political and economical conditions . 
  instead of private investors starting to invest , investors instead were scared by policies of syriza that caused massive flight of capital that was still in greek banks . 
  exactly . 
  the difference of spacex to other commercial or semi-commercial space flight equipment companies is that they have high flying visions and goals of making space flight much more cheaper than it is today . 
  the problem with this is that while spacex as organization is probably as competent as any other , they are still working in the same physical reality as is arianespace , boing , etc. . . 
  they promise a lot , they talk a lot , but it is under a big question mark can they actually do the talk . 
  eu and the ez are n't forcing greece out of euro and the eu , however what they are not willing to give is carte blanche for it . 
  the greek economy was already recovering and was set to grow 3 % this year . 
  unfortunately the greek electorate choose to elect syriza and its populist policies instead of having more trusted and pragmatic policies . 
  syriza 's attempt to attain its populist policies have lead it into collision course with the reality . 
  this collision may take the country out of the euro and out the eu just for the simple reason that syriza 's politicians live in a different reality , they really think that their policies will work . 
  the troubling thing is that they seem to be willing to the future of the nation on their beliefs . 
  this against puts greece under its current leadership on a collision course with the rest of the eu especially with germany , the no experiments , country . 
  spacex hype again ... let me imitate ... hur dur spacex best !, 
  hur hur dur dur nasa bad !, 
  hur dur dur government no technology , fail fail fail !, 
  europe government , europe fail !, 
  spacex best !, 
  elon musk best !, 
  elon musk said spacex best in 2020 !, 
  everybody else fail !, 
  everybody else must give up !, 
  no other rocket , spacex best ever !, 
  edit : forgot to add ... hur dur usa invent !, 
  usa invents car !, 
  usa invents rocket !, 
  usa invents moon !, 
  europe invent noting !, 
  europe big government !, 
  europe fail !, 
  europe copy too much !, 
  europe needs to copy elon musk !, 
  europe can not copy elon musk !, 
  europe fail , must invent !, 
  no copy america !, 
   the primary function of a banker is not so directly involved in law and regulation and the range of activities a banker engages in can be very wide . 
  i disagree with this . 
  i managed an it-team as an vendor inside a major bank . 
  much of the middle and higher middle management were very concerned on running against the law or being put in a position by their underling that they could face court . 
  many of the updates and upgrades that we did to the system that we were developing was to make sure that there was always authentication , authorization and trail to all credit decisions that were made . 
  of course the upper management is a case of its own . 
  if they decide to take risks that might endanger the bank , the only way to counteract is board of shareholders with bank regulators . 
  you make the assumption that all these records are in digital format . 
  they probably are n't . 
  this is in stark contrast of for example finland where the tax official systems automatically retrieve data from banks about ones bank balances , money flows and holdings of stocks and bonds . 
  unfortunately if they do n't have the required systems today , it will take years to make necessary legislative changes and more time to build them and put them to use . 
  money does n't grow on treas. 
  clearly the eu commission sees that there is high likelihood of greece needing another bailout package even thought it itself does n't currently believe that it will need it . 
  the eu commission acts now as it is better to work out the details of how much and on what terms money can be received from other member states , because these things need lots of political will and there are huge number of question marks that must be filled . 
  the worst case scenario is that greek leaders will continue on the line that they wo n't need another bailout , but at the last minute they say that they actually need it and if they do n't get it , there will be grexit , or that the greek state has enact emergency law and capital controls . 
  whatever the situation is , it is better that eu has already something that can be negotiated about than not having anything . 
  if we have good luck , and syriza uses the time that the latest measures gave them well , then hopefully there is no need for another bailout package . 
  unfortunately based on history , based on how syriza acts , and just based on the reality on the ground , i do n't think that syriza will succeed . 
  there will be another bailout unfortunately . 
  yes , they should go bankrupt . 
  there is no big government saving if for example high-tech company is going bankrupt , it just normal competition . 
  another thing is that european manufacturers need to take a hard look at the mirror . 
  for example the reason why japanese car are popular in finland is because they work . 
  if you for example buy a french made car , its electronics and electric systems will start to flip in just few years . 
  not to mention that you can already go to work into another country when you have competency that is sought by . 
  i have been offered jobs all around north europe , however to this day i have preferred to stay in helsinki . 
   if you ca n't realize that all out war of any country against russia could end only in two ways , either russia wins or everybody looses there is just no reason in continuing this . 
  like i said before , it takes money to up keep those nuclear forces , and russia does n't have the money . 
  if and when the us finishes the missile shield , they can freely make the first strike and take most out of the second strike . 
  of course us nor europe do n't have any need to make war with russia , they either already have everything they need or control them . 
  what russia should be worried about is china , after the us gets the shield ready , it will only take few decades for chinese to have it too , and then the road to siberia is open .
