  the heating and water costs are so minimal for few reasons ... * in almost all finnish towns heating is organized via district heating system . 
  in this system there is one or multiple power stations that besides producing electricity produce heat that is then distributed via pipe network to all over the town . 
  even larger city like helsinki is heated this way . 
  * utility companies from heating to water are ran either as for profit corporations or as for profit public agencies . 
  they do n't get public funding , but have to rely on revenues that they generate from selling services such as electricity , heat , water , etc. . 
  thus they have internal impetus to be as efficient as possible . 
  * also some of these corporations like the helsinki energy are so profitable that they pay big dividends every year , for example last year they gave 200mil $ to the city . 
  all the while keeping heating costs down . 
  housing itself is cheap because there is continuous build up new properties that make older apartments cheaper . 
  in turku you can buy an 70s apartment , form approx 30 to 40 sq meters , with about 40 - 50 thousand euros . 
  what goes to food , when i was a student and later when founded by own company i used approx 5-6 euros to food per day . 
  now when i have moved on , high paying job in helsinki , daily costs for food is approx 10 euros . 
  i gave these examples because things can be cheap if they are efficiently organized . 
  for example in the case of heating , oil and gas and coal cost the same in greece and in finland , but how you burn them and how you use the heat decides on how much return you can get . 
   because it 's counter-productive to put the blame on others and that 's more divisive than it is helpful . 
  it 's exactly what he was talking about , we 're in this together , not one against the other . 
  when you do that you remove transparency from the discussion . 
  you need transparency to make sure that faults are identified and then measures put to fix them . 
  but if we do n't have this transparency , if we just keep silent , then there is identification of faults and no pressure to fix them . 
  it is the same thing with the eu budget , the eu auditors have n't signed accounts since ages , and this is mainly fault of handful of countries who are unable to or unwilling to make sure eu funds are properly used and signed off . 
  if there is no external pressure , there is hardly motivation to fix things . 
  what europe need more is openness and transparency . 
  faults needs to identified and addresses , and then common solutions made that ensure that same mistakes are n't made ever again ... and we do n't have this discussion because the eu and its leaders are too weak to address them . 
  you know we have lots of problems coming at us , for example in both germany and italy they have pensions bombs ticking , but nothing is done dismantle them . 
  why is n't he saying these things straight out ? 
  why is n't he naming and shaming big countries that today have taken every opportunity to reject creation of a common banking regulator for the eurozone ? 
  in the last meeting it was only because of insistence of finnish and dutch governments that it was agreed that we need to create one . 
  and this is n't actually enough , authority to the whole banking sector should be removed from member states and relocated under the authority of eu . 
  sorry , barroso is a failure , he is n't leading the eu to closer integration , he is leading his own political career , making sure big countries in the eu are satisfied while having no regard on how the markets will react and how the economy will work tomorrow . 
  today we are just adding new failures that somebody has to clean up tomorrow . 
  that is ridicules . 
  if barroso would have calmly stated that we need more unity and we need to pull this together , i would believe this , but he was shouting and making a number . 
  not to mention that there were more of commentary made in bad manner . 
  and if we go back to solving this crisis , while we all might be winning in the next 10 years time , the fact of the matter is that somebodies have to make sacrifices today to make that happen . 
  making of sacrifices should start from countries which are in trouble today , banking sectors should be moved from member states to european authority , including right to tax these entities . 
  member states also should admit that some banks needs to go bust , their organizations dismantled , same too with member states themselves , if they do n't do needed structural changes , they need to go bankrupt . 
  tax payers from other member states should of course help troubled countries and their people , but this should n't just be a one way transfer of endless amounts of money . 
  for example in exchange of helping out to create a banking union and assisting to keep the banks afloat , member states need to hand over their banking sectors to the union . 
  we all have to contribute and contributing must start today . 
  china is n't a communist society , it is mix of capitalism and state authoritarianism . 
  while china has made great leaps in their economy , they are much behind , their gdp per capita ( nominal ) is still less than in romania and bulgaria , and it is good question on can they out grow even these two economies in this decade due to their incredible amounts of corruption and misinvestments in their economy . 
  they are n't out producing and they certainly are n't out maneuvering us . 
  500 $ in greece is equivalent to 500 $ in slovakia is equivalent to 500 $ in finland - they are worth the same - it is the same currency . 
  however while for example a person in greece gets 500 $ , a person in slovakia gets 312 and a person in finland get 882 $ - based on relative differences on gni per capita . 
  now if all of these persons only consume commodities , like for example oil , wheat etc. . something that has the minimal amount of value added to it by human labor , the finn gets most units while the slovak gets least . 
  but lets take housing into consideration , a finn , living in large town , for example turku , a metropolis of approx 250 thousand people , can rent an apartment with 250 $ including heating and water . 
  add approx 20 $ per month for electricity and the rest can be used to other living expenses . 
  of course if our virtual finn decides to only eat in mcd , he or she wo n't eat everyday , but if he/she buys food and cooks it , he/she will have enough spare money to afford a cell phone service and go to the uff to get second hand clothes . 
  500 $ is 500 $ everywhere , how you consume it is up to you , and you consume it solves on how much you will get in exchange of your 500 $ . 
  the situation is actually little bit complex ... 
  most private debts are denominated in euros , there are also large amounts of public debt denominated in euros . 
  if the exchange rate of latvian or lithuanian currencies would go down against the euro , first casualties would be large number of individuals and corporations going bankrupt , followed by virtually all banks going bankrupt , thus leading into a total melt down of the whole economy . 
  this is why it is critical for the latvian and lithuanian states to maintain the current currency exchange rate with euro . 
  to make this happen , both states have had to conduct very strict austerity measures to keep their budgets in check and enable central bank have large enough reserves to keep their currencies exchangeable . 
  to both latvia and lithuania it would be actually beneficial if they could be admitted into the eurozone . 
  this is partly because then the markets could n't speculate against them , but mostly because uncertainty in the economy decreases and thus increases investors confidence to invest into these countries . 
  europe will loose big time if we choose wrong policies . 
  for example if we just concentrate on saving banks and corporations and do n't touch any structural deficiencies and let the markets run their course , we will end up having a lost decade or two in whole europe . 
  japan is good example on how not to run things , on how wrong policies can cost the whole nation multiple lost decades . 
  for example , if the whole europe would take into usage of for example french or spanish labor legislation , we would lost all our flexibility from the economy and have all member states to suffer from its effect . 
  not a good idea if you ask me . 
  have you asked who are pro nationalists and who are pro democratic ? 
  from my point of view let me list a collection of european countries that have ran nationalistic policies during the crisis ... * france and germany - the greek bailout was designed to save their banks . 
  in good times they collected all the tax revenues generated from these banks , and in bad times they put all eurozone countries to pay to save them . 
  * greece - for the last decade the greek political leadership have ran a fraud which have afforded them to provide benefits to their citizens , however after the party was over nobody from the political or intelligent leadership have come forward and declared that there is needs to be a change on how country is run . 
  the only new voices coming out of greece have been those demanding europe to pick up the bill and collection of explanations on why its europes duty to pick up the bill . 
  * spain - essentially the same sin as france and germany have committed . 
  in good times enjoy from tax revenues collected from booming construction and banking industries acting in a feeding loop , while in bad times moving the bill to the european taxpayer . 
  these all countries have run very nationalistic policies , they have concentrated on either getting benefits or minimizing damages to their economies and they have failed to contribute back to the union . 
  for example if france , germany and spain would have contributed back to the union , for example by transferring taxation of banks and financial institutions to the union , i would have said that it was fair game . 
  however they have n't done that , they have europeanized their costs , but have retained their ability to gain benefits from the saved institutions . 
  so how about it , how things are ? 
  what are nationalistic and what are european policies ? 
  oil and gas are produced mostly outside europe and they are sold in market rate . 
  you have local variations in prices when states either tax them or give subsidies to them . 
  either way the cost of oil and gas cost the same everywhere . 
  this is important because these commodities impact everything else that happens in the economy from energy production to agriculture . 
  what this means is that there is a shared base cost to a big mac sold everywhere . 
  what varies between economies and what impacts most to the price of the big mac is the cost of labor , that again is largely depended on general wage levels in exporting industries , which again are determined on their level of competitiveness and ability to add value . 
  what we get is that the price of big mac varies between countries , but that is n't the question we actually like to ask . 
  the question we want to ask is how many big macs one can buy after taxes and obligatory costs such as housing , transportation etc. . for example while finnish worker in mcdonalds can easily afford to also eat in it also , the same ca n't be said about mcd worker in india . 
  but lets get back to greece and slovakia . 
  according to [ gni per capita ( nominal ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gni_%28nominal,_atlas_method%29_per_capita ) , in greece the yearly income is 26950 usd while in slovakia it is 16840 . 
  there is a gap of 10000 usd between the two , that is not a small number . 
  that is actually a quite high number . 
  even if we do n't count the base cost of running the economy , slovakians have less money to invest and consume in overall . 
  commodities such as oil , gas , wheat , etc. . . have the same price everywhere . 
  you do know about this thing called global market ? 
  the cold war was fought , it was an economic war where capitalistic societies could out produce and out maneuver their communist counter parts leading into a situation where the communist states had exhausted themselves so deeply that they collapsed . 
  what is the problem on winning ? 
  when there is a conflict , there will be both winners and losers , some views win over other views . 
  you ca n't pretend that there is n't conflict , and you ca n't pretend that that a conflict does n't have its winners and losers . 
  for example during the cold war there was conflict between democracy and market capitalism against communist dictatorships . 
  the communists lost and the ussr collapsed . 
  that is a fact . 
  in conflict there are always winner and losers , you ca n't pretend that there are n't . 
  what we have to get grip on is that we have a conflict going over on economic and financial models , on how things should be run , and this conflict is going on right now . 
  the only way on how things will move on is that we fight this conflict and select a winning model on how to advance . 
  that is the only way to fair well in the market . 
  i do n't even trust my fellow citizens or the state to behave decently with my tax money , that is why i demand continues vigilance and accountability on how the state functions and how it spends its money .
