   weird way to handle a member state bankruptcy . 
  so the banks would be made whole on the outstanding bonds they hold ? 
  or would every holder of debt from member state x get bailed out ? 
  why not just have the ecb act as a lender of last resort like in the uk , like in the us ? 
  that 's what would work for every one . 
  a federal europe with a democratic constitution . 
  this would work for germany and we could have our financial system and prosperity for the peoples of europe . 
  but no , national leaders do n't want to give up sovereignty to the most effective level . 
  - . - the banks would either get capital loans convertible to equity in a given time or direct capital injections in return of equity . 
  this would allow the normal functioning of banks and allow them to finance private businesses . 
  this way we would lower overall risks facing the economy , but in the same time keep member states and banks in line as they still would face consequences for their actions . 
  and lastly , i think that it is a bad idea in general to have a central bank act as lender of last resort for the government . 
  the central bank should have the ability to bailout the financial sector , but only with strict conditions , but definitely not the ability to bailout the state . 
  this is because once you set an example of the central bank bailing out the politicians , it will only lead politicians to act more irresponsible . 
  you are right , but i 'm an optimist in this matter . 
  member states do understand these issues and are willing to protect interests of their citizens . 
  the question now is how near the edge do we have to go before the states do the right thing ... 
  eurobonds do n't solve any of the current problems that the member states have . 
  what the eurobonds will do is to make a veiled transfer of money from well to do countries to troubled countries - countries like finland and germany would pay higher interests from their loans than they do now , while countries such as greece and portugal would pay lower interests than they do now . 
  what we in reality need in the eurozone is mechanism and environment for states to declare themselves bankrupt without taking the financial sector with them . 
  in short we need european fdic/sec with endless ecb backing to make sure that in any situation european banks and thus the private sector can remain functioning . 
  i would also like to add another point of view into this discussion ... any solution , be it eurobonds or something else , must also function in a case where core countries like germany and france would steer into trouble . 
  could the other euro countries assist them with few trillion euros ? 
  if not , then we are not discussing about a common european solution , but a solution to save countries currently in trouble . 
   yeah , you 're right . 
  i hope the eu banking regulator will take them under its supervision . 
  however , in germany the equivalent banks are quite influential and are resisting this . 
  they think the supervisor should keep to larger cross boarder business having banks . 
  let 's not forget their landesbank mess . 
  from the article : that is very unfortunate and very short-sighted . 
  we already have a common banking market thanks to the introduction of sepa system . 
  if we do n't have common regulations and regulator to that market , then some member states will give advantageous circumstances to their banks that are then able to out compete and buy out their competitors . 
  in the next 10 years i strongly believe that we will see huge wave of mergers between european banks , leading to formation of handful of pan-european banks that dominate the market . 
  i do hope that we get adequate regulations and regulator so that we do n't have again a market meltdown in our hands . 
   in finland , there 's been talk of limiting the amount of borrowed funds one could use in buying real-estate . 
  it has however met some resistance . 
  harder for young people to buy a flat . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  and let 's not forget finland 's housing mess from 20 years ago . 
  that is true . 
  property in the future would only cover 80 % of the loan and the rest would have to be covered by existing capital or collateral . 
  however during the last few years , banks have already had this policy , however there has been ways to circumnavigate this . 
  for example i took an insurance from the bank that covered 10 % of the loan . 
  there were virtually no regulations and authority over cajas . 
  that is one thing that the spanish state could and should have done . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  in good times banks pay big benefits to their employees , big dividends to their shareholders , and big taxes to the government , but when things go bad it is the european taxpayer that should dole out the cash ... that is simply wrong . 
  if a member state ca n't bail its banks and needs the help of the european taxpayer then there has to be something for the taxpayer too ... a good start would be ... * getting equity in return of capital in a ration that mostly wipes out current stockholders : if the current stock holders are n't able to raise capital to prevent the bank from going bust , then the value of their holding is near zero anyway . 
  * restructuring bailed out banks into few big entities , downsizing of the said entities into small and efficient firms , and preparing them to be sold out at the first instance when the market conditions become favourable again . 
  in long term eurozone banks should be made european companies that are regulated by common european authority and who pay taxes directly to the union and not to the member states . 
  this is the only way to prevent banks and member states to be short-sighted in their operations . 
  that is just plain stupid . 
  what we need in europe is more resources to be used to assimilate people moving permanently into another country . 
  * we need more language classes so that people can study the language . 
  i have met few immigrants whose problem has been that there have n't been open placements to language courses . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  * we should also put up rewards for employers whose employes participate on language courses and learn the language . 
  i know quite few people that have come from europe , china and india and who have been working here for yeas . 
  these people are intelligent and educated , we should make sure they built up their home in here . 
  by giving benefits to employers , employers would courage their foreign employes to learn the language . 
  that would be a win-win-win for both the employer , the employee and the country . 
  of course these kind of policies would actually increase national homogeneity in time than to decrease it . 
  i like to be finnish and i like the future generations to be finnish too , be their background or color of skin whatever . 
  edit : it seems that mr. sutherland choice of words was poor . 
  what he should have said is that we should assimilate more people into our societies . 
  that would be much more politically acceptable . 
  the european union is not an association of sovereign national states , it is more or less now a de-facto federation . 
  while member states in theory are still sovereign , in practice they are n't , they have small to large degree of autonomy . 
  i think that this is an important point that maybe has n't been noted in many of the new member states . 
   what ? 
  you mean if i say that uk is a close ally of us then it is treason . 
  you are just talking like a typical rusophobe . 
  that does n't fly . 
  russia is an authoritarian state nearing the border of dictatorship , you can and should be critical of what kremlin is up to . 
  in case of the uk , if uk would come up and say that it is an close ally of us inside the eu , that too would be treasonous talk . 
  however uk is n't an ally of the us inside the eu , us does n't dictate to uk how to behave and impact the eu decision making . 
   you kidding me ? 
  right ? 
  if eu would stop support for eurozone countries the currency will take quite a bit of damage . 
  european banks will get a huge blow after loosing all their investments in greece . 
  uncertainty about future of italy and spain will deliver even bigger one . 
  and i hope i do n't have to tell you what happens when baking sector takes a big hit . 
  cuz that 's what started it all . 
  european banks have already made big marks down in their investments to greece , and i was n't talking about stopping propping up greece . 
  i was talking that european tax payers should n't be responsible for irresponsible decisions made by the cypriot state , for example loaning money from russia : if cypriot state goes bust , russians should take the loss and not have the european tax payer pay them . 
   that 's just crazy talk . 
  it is not . 
  european union has a unified banking sector , if commercial banks in cyprus would go bust , they could be easily replaced by european banks that could take over the banking sector . 
   tell it to us . 
  they had massive dept but no one cares . 
  their credit rating is still strong . 
  borrowing money is just a part of how every economy works . 
  russia is borrowing money even thou they have their own massive reserves for `` rainy day '' . 
  us and russia are not part of the eurozone , how they handle their matters are their problem . 
  what i will say is that both us and russia will have to make structural reforms and enact their own austerity measures sooner or later , both of the state are inefficient and waste resources . 
   and cyprus borrowing money from eu , us or imf would n't event make it into an article . 
  the only reason this article exists is that there are rusophobic fear mongers who think that evil russia is up to something . 
  the problem is that cyprus is not enacting sufficient austerity measures to handle the crisis , but instead borrows more money that comes with questionable ties . 
  if and when things go more wrong , it will be the eu and imf that will be at the other end , and they have to sort the crisis out that could have been thwarted by enacting sufficient austerity measures to bring the budget deficit down . 
   russia has rather large monetary reserves .
