  the fact that in both scottish bid for independence and for catalan bid for independence money plays one of the key roles is a wake up call for both uk and spanish central governments to question how they use money . 
  this should n't be just forgotten . 
  if fiscal transfers are so good , why does southern italy still resemble more africa than anything else even though northern italy and eu have pumped money to it for the last 50 years ? 
  the fact of the matter is that fiscal transfer only work to cover up short term crisis where they allow more time to respond to problems . 
  however in long term fiscal transfers act against the receiver as they allow receiving party not to implement remedies that would have to be otherwise taken and which would in long term fix the situation . 
  so you americans did n't like when half of europe was communist , but now you are arguing for socialism all over europe instead of good old capitalism and market evolution ? 
  what the heck is this ? 
  so at what exact points should our societies react ? 
  you do know that before resent immigration , we did n't have forced marriages and honor killings . 
  another question is where do we draw the line with religious indoctrination , where does it become child abuse ? 
  i would say that child protection officials should have frank discussions with these girls and their parents . 
  event better would be to deport them if they are not citizens . 
  if they want to live like backward third world barbarians , we should help them by buying air ticket back to where ever they came from . 
  those girls who have died do to honor killing or who have been sent to their country of origin for a ` holiday ' only to be forced into marriage have no voice , you ca n't have an conversation with them . 
  people will benefit from the increase of efficiency . 
  just deny isis the ability to conduct large scale military operations and let other competing forces to destroy them : kurds , assad , free syrian army , iraq army , shia militias , etc. . are all willing to torture and kill any isis fighter that they can get their hands on . 
  i would say that the bigger problem is that when the isis has went gone , who/whom will full fill that power vacuum ? 
       benefits should , at the very least , go to people who have a proven record to trying to get a job . 
  these people do n't and do n't deserve a penny . 
  no society should have members that live comfortably by leeching off of it . 
  amen !, 
  the point of having a welfare society is not that people just sit down and do n't do nothing . 
  the point of having a welfare society is that if you get down on your luck , the society will back you up and let you try again , or if in case you ca n't ever work again , you still have decent and dignified life . 
  green thank you very much . 
  muslims constitute 6.0 to 8.5 % of population of france . 
  in pre-war poland the number of jews constituted 16 % of population - they are all now gone . 
   the muslim extremists have enjoyed so much freedom to express their ideology so i do n't think that they ever see europeans actually take up arms against them . 
  that is mortal error from their side . 
  the same one osama bin laden did . 
  he too took the wests appreciating of human life and peace as weakness . 
  little did he know that the us marines would relentlessly hunt him down and dumb his corps to the sea . 
  the same happened with saddam , he did n't give up when he had the chance , what it cost him was the death of two of his sons and one grandson , not to mention being hanged like a common criminal . 
   besides the social , liberal and religious society of today is way different from that of the 1930 's europe . 
  it only needed 9/11 for the usa to invade afganistan and iraq and they are still fighting their global war against terror . 
  just think about what the outrage in usa would be if they had jihadist terrorist groups continuously making terror attack . 
  not to mention that many european countries have had domestic terrorist groups operating in the 70s and 80s . 
  spanish government for example set up illegal death squads to fight eta terrorist and actually anybody they thought were supporting them . 
  no , i really do n't think that things have changed so much . 
  if there would wave of terrorism , i think that it would be very likely we would see european authorities to imitate what spanish and argentinians did . 
  what i do n't understand with isis fighter is that do n't they know history at all ? 
  last time an european country selected a minority to blame of their problems , that minority was almost eradicated from the face of earth . 
  do n't the isis fighters think that there might a danger of that happening again ? 
  that someday after too many terrorist attacks all muslims could be sent to resettlement camps to east ? 
  not to mention do n't they understand that the west has dispose the whole arabic civilization without them being able to resist it at all ? 
  if the arabs think that us & co are trying to kill them , they have n't seen anything yet . 
  then again , maybe what middle-east needs is war to end all wars . 
  so bloody war that the place is avoid of any human life . 
  carrera 911 gt3 from 2014 ... 
  i would say that it would then be only a matter of time when it would happen . 
  the banks are a-okey , they just pass the cost to the customers . 
  c ) because i still have n't bought a porsche . 
  every euro that he stole from banks were at the end of the day paid by ordinary greek whose apartment and business loans had a higher margin thanks to him . 
  not to mention all the money that was lost to catch and prison him , again paid by ordinary greeks . 
  not to mention that at the end of the day , he did n't achieve anything else than being able to live his life without working , on the backs of those who went to the factory to make the ends mean . 
  what i ca n't understand is a ) how incompetent greek police and prison officials are and b ) how stupid greeks are for worshipping a person like this . 
  sweden has a still developing property bubble . 
  i read one economists assessment that without swedish increasing their debt , their economy would be in the same level as finnish economy . 
  i would add that there are many problems with the finnish economy hindering growth , but euro is n't one of them . 
  our main problem is that our smes do n't want to grow because legislation makes it unprofitable to do so . 
  for example public listed stock companies are more heavily taxed than small private stock companies , which manifests itself on lack of new listings to hex . 
  this should be number one priority to fix , but politicians are not interested to help jobs and industry creating capitalists , much better to squander the many on miniscule companies in provincial finland . 
   but both our examples are anecdotal . 
  would you agree however that lack of demand - i.e. 
  people not buying enough stuff - is a contributing factor to the ongoing recession ? 
  no , not really . 
  the reason is that increase of spending power mostly increases imports of consumer products from china , not consumption of products and services originating from europe . 
  like i have many times said , you can only consume so many bottles of olive oil . 
  of course another way to increase demand is to do it indirectly by for example building infrastructure . 
  however again the problem with infrastructure spending is that most of it goes to raw materials and only a small part goes to wages . 
  thus any increase of infrastructure spending would largely benefit countries specialized on machine building such as germany and countries producing oil such as saudi-arabia . 
  the problem in europe especially in south is that too many people were doing wrong things and are n't doing it anymore as companies went bankrupt ( construction , low value textile and cloths production ) or are still hanging on there barely . 
  the paradox by the way is that for example spanish export industries are in full swing , the problem is that so many people were dedicating their time on wrong things before the financial crisis and now are out of job . 
   much of that of course is personal circumstances - as a self-employed foreigner in rented accommodation in finland , i already live as an unemployed person ( do n't drink/go out , buy everything from lidl , do n't own a car , avoid unnecessary purchases etc ) and save every cent , as i do n't have the same protections or opportunities . 
  and benefits for others of course mean higher taxes , so higher prices , so i spend even less ... 
  kudos for you for working and trying your best . 
  i hope that you have already joined [ unemployment fund ] ( http://www.ayt.fi/en ) so that someday you could get benefits via it if things do n't work out as self-employed . 
  another thing to note is that as you work and earn money , more doors will open to you . 
  in finland banks take 75 % of the value of an apartment as collateral and sell you and insurance for 10 % thus you only need in a worst case scenario 15 % of the capital to buy your own apartment . 
   if a worker has lower job security , they may be more likely to save rather than spend or take on debt . 
  to a certain degree that 's not a bad thing , but does it not lead or contribute to reduced overall demand and deflation , such as we have in japan ( and indeed much of the eurozone ) right now ? 
  there are other things that impact the overall situation . 
  for example in my case here in finland i can be fired at any time , of course proper procedure must be followed , but i do not know if for example in december i would out of job , however ... * my apartment loan is annuity loan , i can at any time ask the bank to stop amortization of my loan thus i only pay interests . 
  hence if i loose my job , i can quickly scale down my expenses . 
  * i will get earnings-related unemployment benefits , around 2000e per month for the next 500 days . 
  thus even if i loose my job , i do n't need right away to make drastic changes , such as liquidate stocks and other holdings , but can dedicate time to find another job . 
  * if the whole industry sector where i work , is under major downsizing , i can go back to university or to another school to study something that enables me to get a job . 
  all of course paid by the state . 
  the difference between a finnish system and for example a french or italian system is that while in finland costs of unemployment are taken care collectively by the government and many other institutions have adapted to it , in france and italy the society insists employers to pay all the costs until the end . 
  one might ask ... * is it really better that a company goes bankrupt than at least some of it survives ? 
  * is n't it better that companies can optimize their internal functions and either grow fast or dedicate themselves to be as efficient as possible ? 
  * is n't it better that there are as low barriers to employ and start new companies than not to have new companies enter the market due to high risks ? 
  i would say that the reason japan and many european countries have troubles is that their economies do n't renew themselves fast enough . 
  while more rigid systems worked during the past decades , in fast moving global world there is greater need to for economic renewal quicker . 
  essentially you are asking to prove that more optimal usage of resources improves economic performance ? 
  i ca n't actually understand that you even ask this ... ok , fair enough , there are system wide effects especially in the consumption side that affect economic performance at the system level . 
  how about this article from 80s , [ labour market flexibility , oecd oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/eco/growth/35558438.pdf ) . 
  or how about more recent article , [ labour market flexibility , productivity and national economic performance in five european economies ] ( http://flexcom.econ.uoa.gr/files/theme_dutch%20theme%20report.pdf ) . 
  actually leaving the euro would make sure that no reform would happen . 
  what hurts italian companies and a lot is their inability to fire reduntant workers , either because they are not needed anymore or because their work motivation is zero thus needing more workers to replace their contribution . 
  if italy would leave eurozone , instead of having structural reforms that would allow companies be more flexible and labour legislation to be less rigid , what would happen is that italian govermeant would simply devalue currency and increase inflation by printing more money .
