  we already have made the big step to have a common money in the union , and to that it is much smaller step to have a common defence . 
  while this might sound little bit backwards , the thing is that money is the most important thing in the world , and when nations make an arrangement and share a common currency , everything else is just matter of arrangement . 
  but if we go back to russia . 
  the problem with russia is that they are a paranoid empire , holding tightly to few last possessions that they have , and seeing enemies everywhere . 
  in this context joining the nato would aggregate russia as they are still largely in the cold war mindset where us is their adversary . 
  however europe to russians is not seen as similarly as a threat , quite contrary having united europe not tightly allied with the us would advance russian cause of building a multi-polar world that they would much fancy . 
  in multi-polar world russia can be one of the polars and play other power centres against each other and thus keep up their security . 
  nato can say what ever they want , that link is even from 2004 when both the us and russia had n't discovered that the eu is a real deal . 
  finland is not neutral , finland is allied with the european union . 
  addition : the current president sauli niinist\u00f6 has said publicly that due the lisbon treaty , finland has allied with the european union , and that in this context finland should work to advance common defence policy . 
  marchionne should just play hard ball and aim not only to bust unions but the state too . 
  how about moving the hq into switzerland and announcing shutdown of not only one but two plants and threatening to relocate the rest of production elsewhere . 
  why should any corporation operate in hostile territory ? 
  before the first chechen war they were so extremist that they planned to replace cyrillic alphabets with roman alphabets . 
  but that was then , like you said , during wars wahhabism has taken over , and now it is supported by putin & co. who want to keep peace in chechnya with what ever price . 
  in my honest opinion this situation which is fucked up will continue as long as russia does n't let chechnya become independent and poll troops from there . 
  certainly it wo n't become better . 
  [ princess madeleine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/princess_madeleine,_duchess_of_h%c3%a4lsingland_and_g%c3%a4strikland ) is dating american financier chris o'neill . 
  as long as the relationship works fine , swedes will love you , but if there is any trouble , if he cheats or hurts her feelings , then your embassy will burn !, 
  consider yourself warned !, 
  there are multiple definitions for western europe . 
  one definition comes from the cold war era where essentially all non-communist countries were defined to be part of western europe based on that they were parliamentary democracies with market economy . 
  the same is true the other way . 
  for example poland , czech republic , slovak republic and hungary only became defined as eastern european countries during the cold war , historically they have been central european countries . 
  the treaty of rome established the aim of having an ever closer union , and that is what the european union is all about , and will be about . 
  today the next logical step to take is to become a federation , before that it was the establishment of the single currency , and even before that establishment of the single market . 
  that is what this is all about . 
  now if some countries and electorates did n't read their accession treaty correctly , that is not the problem of eu , countries can always leave the union , and that is what should happen to countries that do n't share the idea of ever closer union . 
  what goes to political leadership in the eu , the biggest challenge they have faced in the last 4 years has been the global financial and economic crisis . 
  while there are many failing that current leaders have done , their biggest accomplishment is keeping the eurozone together and in the same time deepening the integration in order to solve current and future problems . 
  this is remarkable because after this crisis is over , the euro as an currency and the eurozone as an political and economic bloc has established trust as an safe and stable area . 
  that is a major development in global economy . 
  or could n't it be that eastern european states have n't had enough time to produce more of serious political candidates with acceptable european vision and capabilities to handle the job ? 
  there is no point on having a that kind of multi-sport event in europe . 
  reason ... * essentially same as olympics , would cost nearly as much , but would have less interest and less ability to generate money to pay the games . 
  * there are already established championships with established audiences . 
  dude , have you been growing up in a barrel ? 
  * [ european athletics championships ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_athletics_championships ) * [ uefa european football championship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_european_football_championship ) * [ ice hockey european championships ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ice_hockey_european_championships ) these are just the most known ones ... 
   sorry but `` the market '' is controlled by the rating agencies et al who have been consistently targeting weaker countries ( greece and portugal , now italy and spain ) by lowering ratings , thus increasing interest on loans and , essentially , contributing ( if not leading ) to the current crisis . 
  there is nothing we can do to get back on the market and get good credit reputation while we are held under the water by a system which is supported by the states themselves . 
  credit rating agencies only reflect the general market opinion and add their own validation to it . 
  not to mention that many big actors in the market do n't use credit rating agencies , but instead use their own tools to make assessments . 
  with giips countries the reality is that some of them have n't had stable growth for ages , some have too much debt , most have too rigid system , most have pensions bombs , some have problems facing increased global competition . 
  i would n't in a million years , but my money on giips bonds , stocks could different , but there are many other markets that stronger outlooks . 
  sorry , markets have made the right judgement and this judgement holds as long as things do n't radically change . 
   nobody wants to hire right now , so if you make firing easier , you 're increasing unemployment , thus increasing pressure on the already very fragile social security system , while also reducing purchasing power and slowing the economy further . 
  portugal needs stability . 
  people need to not be worried about whether they 'll be able to afford food and electricity next month , so they can spend more and re-start the economy . 
  besides , as someone has mentioned already , you clearly do n't know portuguese employers . 
  some , if not most , would use a more liberal system to abuse and ` enslave ' employees . 
  if you have employees in your payroll that do n't contribute enough , or even worse , are in a way of making the firm run better , then you need to get rid of those people . 
  while you are right that state has to pay more unemployment benefits , on the other hands firms become more efficient and profitable , that will allow them to re-invest , but also return more money to shareholders , that will also benefit the state with increased taxes . 
  that is the only way to generate growth . 
  increasing consumer confidence and spending does n't work in portugal because the balance of payments in 2010 was -10 % of gdp . 
  at this point increased spending would add to balance of payments problem and cause the economy to take even deeper downturn eventually . 
  in case of employers taking advantage of the opportunity , well , that is the market reality , in good times it is the employees who have the upper hand and in downturns it is the employers . 
  not to mention that employers who do n't treat right their valuable employees right , will see them leaving the company , causing costs and losses to the employer . 
   sorry , what money ? 
  we 're broke . 
  as for stimulating exports , absolutely . 
  there is always money , what the state needs to do is to cut from somewhere and spend it elsewhere . 
  it could be as easy as cutting down foreign ministry and embassies and moving money from it to investment and export orientated organization . 
   we 're already being taxed seven ways to sunday . 
  raising taxes at this point will slow down consumption , yes , but while non-essentials can be done away with , we just ca n't have people choosing to not have heating so they can eat , or not have electricity because they ca n't afford it . 
  if things do n't become better then this is the reality that people will face . 
  actually people in countries that rely mostly on burning fossil fuels will face this problem . 
  the only solution out of it is to invest into other energy forms such as nuclear and hydro . 
   raise taxes for the truly rich and lower them for the middle and low class . 
  truly rich have means to dodge any additional taxes . 
  i do n't know about taxation in portugal , but i would bet that taxation should be developed the other way . 
  lower taxes for the rich and raise taxes of middle and lower income earners . 
  why ? 
  because with lower taxes there is less need to dodge taxes , and many people may choose to honestly report their incomes than try to get rid of their obligations . 
  not to mention that you need rich people to act as investors , venture capitalists , angel investors , etc. . . people who have earned their fortunes by themselves have the ability to select good investments , they put their money on places that will generate more success and more growth . 
  if you do n't allow accumulation of wealth , then you will have less investments , less new ventures , less start-ups , etc. . .  take unemployed people and offer them to either work in production , sponsored by the state , or lose their unemployment benefits . 
  that will only increase inefficiencies . 
  either a company has a real need for an employee or they do n't , either they make enough money or they do n't . 
  systems like these will only make firms and people lazier . 
  to succeed in global markets firms and employees must be more quicker , more flexible , more capable , etc. . .  go back to a production economy . 
  for too long , portugal has been , mostly , a service provider . 
  we need to 1 ) produce enough to literally feed the population , thus lowering imports and 2 ) invest on cutting-edge r&d to produce high quality products . 
  note : why not invest on traditional productions like textile ? 
  because the east has us beaten there . 
  we just ca n't compete with that cheap a labour . 
  that should be left to market . 
  what the state can do is to try to identify firm and industry clusters and then work with them on how to support their activities . 
  for example tailor higher education based on market analysis , if there is need for example type a engineers , then resources should be put there , and cut for example from studies that industries do n't need . 
   you forgot to consider that your purchasing power is much higher there , if the cars cost the same in portugal as they do in finland , then they 're comparatively much more expensive here - your gdp ( ppp ) is about 50 % higher than ours , so i guess that 's more arguments for the lowering of taxes here rather than an increase of them . 
  true , but in both portugal and finland oil and cars are imported , thus they have negative impact on balance of payments . 
  by taxing both cars and oil what can be achieved is that usage of these two are as low as possible . 
  the problem comes of course that in some point taxes will start to decrease economic activity so much that it will have negative impact to balance of payments . 
  that is why for example the finnish state taxes less cars that have lower emissions and thus consume less fuels . 
  however , it is a good question on should the taxes go up or down , which is really better in this situation ? 
  however in the long term importation of fossil fuels have to go down or it will endanger the economy , for example in finland the state has calculated that if oil prices would double , our economy would likely go broke . 
   err ... no ? 
  we 're already being taxed insanely and if we want the economy to grow , we should be doing everything to not raise them . 
  i agree that lowering them would be difficult with this debt but increasing them would just shrink the economy further , reduce consumption and drive away investors . 
  i just checked bmw homepage in portugal , your car prices seem to be same as in here , so yes , you are right , there is hardly room to move on there . 
  just a question , are car taxes calculated based on emissions , so low emissions toyota 's get smaller taxes than more polluting bmw 's ? 
   our public-private partnerships were done through shadier means than they were made there .
