  if you want my money , you will get my methods , if you do n't want my methods you wo n't get my money . 
  that is so fucking simple . 
  with fiscal union what you will get is european version of republicans , and you know what , i can guarantee that in a few decades european politics will turn even righter that the right is in the us . 
  and you know what !? 
  it 's not fucking south vs. north !, 
  it 's mother fucking south vs. china & co. , but you are too fucking stupid to understand that !, 
  the jobs that south has lost , they have n't went to north , they have went to south-east asia . 
  the reason why north is still doing good is because we have understood that we need to move fucking fast or we will be eaten alive by the mother fucking chinese and indians . 
  instead of mother fucking complaining that germans do n't have enough money to buy olive oil , how about you do something that advances europen exports !? 
  the mother fucking company where i work , we fucking export it-systems to india , to fucking middle-east , america , where ever there are clients that are willing to pay !, 
  tomorrow i myself am applying to a fucking russian language course so that few years from now i can try to sell more effectively to client over the border anything they want to buy . 
  so fuck you , fuck statism , fuck south vs north !, 
  how about you fucking open your eyes and start to think what you can do to make things better !!!, 
  have you ever thought about taking arabic classes , they are your fucking neighbors , mother fucking big exports markets just waiting there to grab them !, 
   n czechoslovakia practically everybody was middle class . 
  steady job , place to live , once a year holiday at see coast ( bulgaria , yugoslavia ) , retirement at 55 , free and good education and health system plus very , very low ciriminality . 
  there were practically no homeless and practically no super-rich . 
  you do understand for example in finland in 70s it was perfectly normal for lower income households to travel to greece and spain at least one time in a year . 
  not to mention that there was housing for everybody , either rented from municipality or private renters . 
  essentially all things that you described , but just with better quality and quantitative . 
  and again , this was finland in 70s , much poorer country than for example sweden , germany or not to mention us . 
   there were chronic shortages of most consumer goods and no conspicuous consumption to show up in magazines . 
  depressing . 
   i suggest level of homelessness . 
  again , capitalist countries win this one , in nordic countries there is n't really homelessness , people who are out of home are those who ca n't cope living in a one . 
  edit : soviet cube is n't a home , it is a shelter . 
  actually ... latvian gdp per capita nominal in 2012 was higher than that of croatia , hungary , poland , romania and bulgaria , and very close actually that of lithuania and russia . 
  with high growth figures they will soon , in a decade or shorter time catch older eu member such as portugal ( 13,900 vs. 20,179 ) , do remember that estonia ( 16,320 ) is already close on catching portugal . 
  iq correlates with education . 
  the higher your iq is , the higher education one usually has . 
  you ca n't get a university diploma by having a low iq . 
  in case of the example you brought up , have you wondered that your education system has problem ? 
  if for example you have teachers making subjective grading decisions then you need standardized tests that remove teacher caused bias . 
  sure , of course there should be safety nets , but a safety net is n't giving apartment and putting one to shovel ground from one of the road to another and back and forth . 
  safety nets when done probably are ones that arrange bare minimum for an individual to stabilize ones life and allow restart . 
  however after that everything is responsibility of the individual . 
   furthermore , there might not be jobs in that cheaper neighbourhood/area/city , or not ones that pay enough . 
  i know people who commute everyday 50km a day , and some commute 150 km everyday to a one direction . 
  if one wants to work then one organizes things so that he/she is able to do that . 
   i would prefer that . 
  too many unskilled temporary workers got mortgages in my country . 
  5 years ago temporary workers earning $ 1,200 got mortgages for $ 200,000 apartments and asking for more mortgage that needed was common to buy a fancy car . 
  the problem was n't temporary workers getting loans , it was meddling of politicians and constructors to management of savings banks that made the banks give bigger loans to customers than customers could really afford . 
  that is why savings banks in all around spain have been going bust , on the other hand big commercial banks like santander actually did know what they were doing because they could held against state/politicians intervention . 
  what is an good idea is that states clamp down on corruption and upholding laws and getting rid of legislation that is straight out harmful . 
  for example in spain legislation that was meant to protect renters , was so strict , so complex and so costly that is had withered rental markets . 
  another issue i want to note is putting up too tight banking regulation can very easily lead to decrease of social mobility . 
  essentially if you put up too high equity or collateral demands , then only wealthy or children of wealthy people will be ones that are able to loan money . 
  for example that temporary worker earning 1200 $ should n't get 200000 $ loan , but a loan of 50000 to 75000 with 25 year payback time he should get , maybe due to his conditions it would sub-prime mortgage , but it would still allow him to save capital and build up his social/economic advancement . 
   taking out a mortgage to buy a house is bringing forward the rewards of your hard work buying a apartment or house is more of an investment than a reward . 
  i bought mine as an investment , good location that allows fast connection to everywhere in helsinki , good future prospects due to both enlargement of the city and new transport connections being build right now . 
   there may not be enough jobs you can always start your own company . 
   bank may be in a tight position and not willing to lend enough then buy from a cheaper neighborhood . 
  the figures come from the book , the rise and fall of the great powers by paul kennedy . 
  i can gladly recommend it . 
  the figures stop to 1938 as the world around changed during the second world war and so did the books concentration . 
  and the reason why i did n't put more figures is that i have finite time to use . 
  but lets puts figures from the us . 
  both us and russia were in the beginning of 20th century huge land empires , had huge natural resources and were both still developing countries , not developed countries . 
  us energy consumption ... * 1890 - 147 * 1900 - 248 * 1910 - 483 * 1913 - 541 * 1920 - 694 * 1930 - 762 * 1938 - 697 ( the infrastructure was there , it was n't just utilized fully ) us iron/steel production * 1890 - 9.3 * 1900 - 10.3 * 1910 - 26.5 * 1913 - 31.8 * 1920 - 42.3 * 1930 - 41.3 * 1938 - 28.8 ( huge under utilization again ) the thing is that the difference between us and russia was the first enjoying fruits of globalization and international finance and trade for 50-60 years more than russia . 
  however russia was following the same track as the us had gone and with additional foreign investments and letting capitalism progress in russia . 
  for example the best results that stalin got from ussr from energy production to iron/steel production pales in comparison to shear might of the us productive capacity , not to mention that while people in ussr died and starved , ordinary people in the us was getting introduced to joys of consumption society already in the early years of 20th century . 
  why should people be granted free property ? 
  you have to work and earn it . 
  everybody that i knew from the university bought their first apartment and houses few years after they graduated . 
  most had bought their first car in high school or during when they studied . 
  actually from my facebook friends that include lots of people who did n't go university and stayed in rural areas have build their own houses before 30 . 
  if people ca n't afford or ca n't get loans after they have graduated and gotten a job , then it is highly probable that the local economy is too regulated by the state . 
   i personally know people who lived there though . 
  if you choose to judge a socialitstic country based on the things a capitalistic country strives to have then of course you will always conclude what you just concluded . 
  let me get this right ... people in developed capitalistic countries can afford bigger apartments and houses , better and faster cars , more and better food including imported items , high-tech , gadget , etc. . . and they have even cleaner industries and environment . 
  compare this to [ environmental catastrophes ] ( http://www.rinr.fsu.edu/fallwinter99/features/sb_cleaningup.html ) caused by communist regimes . 
   i find it really impresive that there was no poverty or unemployment . 
  i was recently forced to move out of my country because of unemployment . 
  if i had the choice to stay in greece and drink shitty coffee for a few years i would make that choice with no second thought . 
  everyone was equally poor , i do n't think that is really desirable . 
  not to mention that the reason why there was n't unemployment was because everyone was forced to have a job . 
  again compare this to capitalistic countries where there is a welfare system , people can easily afford to live unemployed and search the next thing that they want to do . 
   my parents moved to germany during the early 90ies ( that is where i grew up . ), 
  they had a car that was a lot worse then a trabant ( some kind of tiny fiat . ), 
  they could afford a two room ( not bedroom , room ) apartment . 
  even in a rich region like baden w. you had to stress about housing and getting fired . 
  trabants were made out of cardboard , not from steel . 
  not to mention that they were lethal as hell , fuel tank was situated straight above the motor , so if you crashed with it , you were more or less dead . 
  actually the first thing that east germans did when their currency was converted to dms was to cross over the border and buy western cars . 
  in case of your parents , do n't know what they did , nor what choicec they did , ca n't comment on that , but in west germany overall the living standards were very high . 
  of course for immigrants it is always hard to find their place and do the right choices . 
   let 's not judge a whole country on the availability of good coffee . 
  it is a pretty good indicator on how bad things are . 
   it 's also because he was strong , feared , and he transformed a backwards peasant society into an industrialized superpower in the span of two decades . 
  stalin and the communists did n't do jackshit . 
  they inherited a great country which already had started to develop in enormous speed . 
  if the communist revolution would have never happened , russia would have developed much faster to an industrial power house and to a super power . 
  lets put some figures behind this ... energy consumption ( in millions of metric tons of coal equivalent ) * 1890 - 10.9 * 1900 - 30 * 1910 - 41 * 1913 - 51 * 1920 - 14.3 * 1930 - 65 * 1938 - 177 iron/steel production * 1890 - 0.95 * 1900 - 2.2 * 1910 - 3.5 * 1913 - 4.8 * 1920 - 0.16 * 1930 - 5.7 * 1938 - 18 the thing is that russian empire had much bigger growth figures than stalin ever could achieve and with lower human costs . 
  russian empire in the last 3 decades was fueled by russian entrepreneurs , foreign entrepreneurs and venture capitalists . 
  if communists had n't ever taken power , russia would have followed the same development path as of us . 
  i 'm not a russophile in anyway , but credit should be given where it is due , russian people before the revolution build in short time huge industrial machine and huge amounts of infrastructure that stalin and communists inherited and leveraged . 
  stalin and co should be credited on destroying russia and ruining the future of countless generations . 
  you probably have n't never been in ddr ? 
  my parents traveled via eastern block countries in the 70s and the last infrastructure work made there was build by certain a. hitler and then nothing had been done .
