  the only thing that you achieve from putting people in menial jobs with minimum pay is to make them more obedient because they do n't have time nor energy after work to worry or protest . 
  unfortunately that leads to unhappy people with no future hope and in time they will become angry of their situation . 
  the good thing about welfare state as it is now is that it catches people to its safety nets , allows them to think about what they are doing and what they could be doing . 
  of course many wo n't do nothing with their life 's , but that was their decision , but many others will do something , and that is great . 
  unfortunately the money has to come from somewhere . 
  either it is other spanish taxpayers that are going to pay the bill , or future spanish taxpayers , or in a worst case scenario bond holders and other eurozone taxpayers . 
  not to mention that individual houses are poor economic investments from the point of view of society . 
  if society wants to help out people then it should concentrate on building social housing in form of large apartment blocks with district heating and cooling that can benefit from scale of economies . 
  i must order this now !, 
   analysts and political opponents dismiss mr. s\u00e1nchez ' populist bluster , noting that while he portrays marinaleda as a communist oasis , it depends heavily on money from the regional and central governments it decries . 
  the materials for each house , for example , cost the regional government about $ 25,000 . 
  [ another article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/26/world/europe/26spain.html?pagewanted=all ) why in the hell is is regional govermeant giving $ 25,000 worth of material for house builders ? 
  ca n't compute that . 
  people seem to have missed few things ... * to stabilize the situation - this happens first . 
  when you are in recession stabilizing the situation can take years . 
  a firm needs to back down to a clear ground , when it has reached it , then it can plan for the future . 
  * invested in the future - you can only do this when you are in clear ground and you have saved some money that can then be invested , which again takes years . 
  another thing is that firms have obligations for their shareholders , if the management thinks that it can use and invest money for effectively than the shareholders , then it will use it . 
  however in some cases there is excesses money or no lucrative investments to be made , in that situation the money needs to be handed back to shareholders that can then decide by themselves were to invest it . 
  if the aim is just to make sure that unemployment stays very low , then the only answer is soviet style command economy . 
  however if the aim is to make the gdp per capita as high as possible , then what you need to have is free market economy to make it happen . 
  the higher the gdp , the more there is to share . 
  it makes corporations more effective , they have to do what they did before with fewer people , and thus achieve savings etc. . that can then be used to stabilize the situation and be invested in the future to generate new growth . 
  make it easier and less costly to fire people then you will get employers to hire new people . 
  just apply until you get a job . 
  the thing that people get wrong about hr is that its job is n't to find the right best person to the job , its job is to filter out all the unsuitable . 
  this is usually done by putting up ridiculously high criteria . 
  many other times people doing recruitment simply do n't even know what they actually are looking for . 
  thus if you are recent graduate , you just apply to jobs until you get in . 
  you propably wo n't satisfy official criteria , but if you are good person , if your cv shines out from the rest for some reason or another , you will get into a interview and then hopefully get the job . 
  you should have added that straight away to the discussion . 
  the problem with discussing about multiculturalism and how to move on is that there are basically two extremism that quickly dominate any discussion , or conversation quickly falls to name calling . 
  of course if you would have done that , then the discussion would have been much tamer because canadian immigration policy is not something that people are upset about in either way . 
  you are in reddit and in r/europe , not in digg . 
  you should tell it out loud on what is the solution that you are proposing , if you do n't , then there is virtually no value in this whole conversation . 
  things do n't move on . 
  i 'm sorry , but that sounds like intellectual dishonesty from your part , because you clearly deem that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  now if one comes into that conclusion , then that conclusion has real world consequences , and should make clear what he or she thinks those consequences should be . 
  from my part , i do n't think that multiculturalism works , but ... * i think that western countries should assimilate immigrants , like the us has done . 
  us after all is a mono-culture . 
  however the one unique thing about america is that it is country founded on idea , either you believe in the us constitution or you do n't . 
  in europe we have defined our self 's via language , religion , race , etc. . . 
  if we want to assimilate immigrants , then we have more or less have to throw out at least race . 
  in my opinion religion goes out too , as european societies are modern societies . 
  so for example being finnish becomes more a question of language , set of beliefs and values , patterns and models of actions , etc. . . * i think that our western civilization is going on a transformation to being a global civilization , a global culture so to say . 
  and as it spreads around the globe , the whole globe will start to look the same , however the values on which this global civilization is being founded are not old values of west , but values of modernity , capitalism , consumerism , individualism , etc. . just look at our western societies , they are very much different than they were say 50 or 100 years ago , they have transformed much . 
  * i think that the european union is one birth place for global integration . 
  most european nations have reached modernity and share more or less same value base from were they can integrate more closely . 
  in time other places around the world will make this same journey as they develop and become modern societies . 
  what is the case that you are trying to make ? 
  are you suggesting that ... * host societies should assimilate immigrants as efficiently as possible ? 
  or are you suggesting that ... * societies should just isolate themselves to form culturally homogeneous groups ? 
  so what is the case you are trying to make ? 
  when you make it clear what you are proposing then we can start the discussion . 
  why are the lost lands so important ? 
  most european countries in the past 60 years have lost extensive amounts of lands . 
  for example finland lost karelia , lands and homes of 407 thousand people to ussr , not to mention losses suffered by poland and germany . 
  however these things are past history and you do n't see post-war generations let alone post cold war generations argument for return of lost lands . 
  this is so stupid . 
  the problem with hiring people is n't paying people their wages , after all , you do n't hire people if you are not going to make profit from them . 
  the problem in french is that you ca n't get rid of people when they are n't making profit for the company , and thus companies wo n't hire people as they do n't want or ca n't take the risk of keeping the same people for ages . 
  for example the company i work for , just fired 20 and layoff 40 people after co-operation negotiations had ended , however just moments after announcing this , they also put an hiring advertisement for 17 new jobs . 
  in france our company would have already gone bankrupt . 
  actually what this new offer will actually do is to give hidden subsidies for companies . 
  why so ? 
  because only companies that would have hired new people even without subsidies are the only ones who are going to hire them with subsidies . 
  thus what this offer will do is to create zero new jobs , while putting the french state and taxpayers even more in the red . 
   i wish now more than ever that martine aubry had gotten the socialist nomination . 
  i know she is more divisive than hollande will ever be , but i do n't think she she would have ever put up with all of merkel 's shit . 
  money talks , bullshit walks . 
   but is this prescription realistic ? 
  spain was , in fact , running a fiscal surplus in the run-up to the crisis ; everyone at the time thought they were being responsible . 
  if there is a `` next time , '' they will likely learn from this and they will lean even harder against the boom . 
  but will they know exactly how hard to push back ? 
  can a parliament react swiftly and responsibly enough to actively manage the macroeconomy ? 
  the crisis was making for long . 
  when you are a middle sized country in europe and you use most of the concrete in the continent , more than countries like germany and france combined , then you know that there is a big bubble brewing . 
  the thing is that in spain politicians , business men , bankers and unions were all in bed , there was money for everybody , most probably knew that the boom would end , but few knew how far the economy had distorted itself . 
   i do n't think so -- this is , after all , why the politically independent central bank run by technocrats was invented !, 
  independent central bank would n't have prevented the boom . 
  lets say that spain was n't in the euro , that it had its own currency , now what would have happened in 2000s ... * dot.com crash and 9/11 would have happened , leading the fed to flood global markets with cheap money * germany , france , netherlands , finland , etc. . . would have still had small recessions , leading the ecb to flood european markets with money . 
  * pension funds and baby boomer 's would still have had more money and time to spend , leading them to seek second homes from south . 
  * spain would have been flooded by cheap loans denominated in foreign currencies . 
  * after the crash of 2008 , people and companies indebted with foreign currency loans would have started to default due to increased loan costs , devaluation of spanish currency would have crashed the economy as hard or even harder . 
  * imf would have had to rescue not only latvia , lithuania and hungary , but also spain too because the spanish central bank would have soon been speculated out of markets . 
  the only way to prevent crisis in spain would have been that the state would have intervened and restricted the economy from over heating . 
  much could have achieved if the cajas would have been regulated - do remember the saving banks originated banking crisis in the us . 
   i 'm just wondering about the marginal security benefit of joining the euro currency zone once you 're already part of other eu institutions . 
  step by step into a federation . 
  every step counts . 
  for example one not so discussed european effort to integrate is future usage of galileo navigation system by all european armies to use in all their military applications and weapon platforms . 
   my understanding is that it lowers some currency risks ( businesses can plan more easily if they can source from more same-currency vendors , etc. ), 
  and increases others ( you can end up with an inappropriate monetary policy and exchange rate , like what got spain into the trouble they 're in ) . 
  inappropriate monetary policy only does damage when you combine it with inappropriate government spending . 
  for example in spain and ireland the public sector should have actively cooled the economy by cutting down public investment , by slowing new city planning , by increasing restrictions for banks to loan money , etc. . . 
  in case of euro because countries ca n't set their interest and inflation rates , it is very important public spending and wage increases are negotiated accordingly to the economic situation in hand . 
   do n't the recent experiences of iceland , the uk , and sweden ( who are glad they 're not in the euro ) , and spain , ireland , and greece ( who should rue the day they joined the euro ) give you pause on the idea that joining the euro `` lowers risk '' ? 
  not really . 
  in case of lowered risk we need to remember that it is the private sector that benefits from it . 
  and in case of system risks , like what we are happening , it is the state that is carrying the burden .
