  give a blank check ? 
  you do know that you are n't contributing anything to conversation with your remark ? 
  in 2011 the greek health care system was allocated 6.1 billion eur or 2.8 % of the gdp . 
  the total health expenditure ( % of gdp ) was 9.3 % in greece and for comparison in finland which has universal health care coverage it was 9.1 % . 
  and greece is rich country , it is not an ex-communist country or ex-soviet republic !, 
  there is money in greece and the greek state has money !, 
  but ...  unemployed greeks receive benefits for a maximum of a year , and after that period , health care is no longer universal and patients must pay for their own treatment this is what wrong in greece !, 
  again , the greek society and the state did n't have universal coverage even before the financial crisis , not because they could n't afford it , but because they could n't agree on having a one !, 
  the blame goes to greek politicians and then to the public that chosen them . 
  oh for fucks sake , this has nothing to do with eu and all to do with how the greek society and state function . 
  greece did n't have universal health care coverage and adequate social safety nets even before the financial crisis . 
  what the financial collapse of the greek state has done is to drop even more people out of it it . 
  and no , this is n't a money issue in anyway !, 
  the greek state has loads of money , they have a big budget - the issue is how they use it : wrong places ; inefficient government functions , etc. . . by blaming europe instead of blaming the greek society and the state on failing to properly use money and resources that they have in hand , you are putting pressure away from the greek society to renew and become more efficient in its usage of money . 
  i would say that anti-eu people are n't really against the eu , but against globalization and internationalization . 
  they want to return to a much simpler world , the way world was in the 60s and 70s , however that world wo n't come back ... and if it did , we would pay a huge price for that , cut half of our gdp a way . 
  if poor , uneducated and unemployed people want to chance things , then they need to work harder , not be obstructing others who are working and earning our money , making sure our economy functions . 
  poor peoples trade agreement . 
  of course ukrainians do n't want to take part on it and whatever russians come up when in the west you have the european union and its endless markets . 
   however , uk foreign policy in relation to europe , after centuries of wanting europe to have a balance of power , is now starting to change . 
  i think the uk is starting to come round to the idea of there being a federal europe ( with the things you describe ) but not being part of it . 
  personally i am neutral about the desirability of this . 
  i would hope so . 
  we are fast moving to an area of huge power block that will rule the globe . 
  europe needs to be one of those power block , united together to have ability to challenge usa , china , india , etc. . . our europeans problems and solutions are in south and east not in the other side of channel . 
  asking people if they want the eu to become a federation is the wrong question is because it tries to measure something that is n't tangible . 
  when you start to ask tangible things such as ... * should there be more defense co-operation ? 
  * should there be common defense ? 
  * should there be common banking regulator ? 
  * should there be common banking rescue scheme ? 
  etc. . . those things are tangible things whose answers are leading the eu become even more federalized . 
  federalization of europe does n't happen by making it happen from top to bottom by declaring that there is federation , but from bottom to top by having problems that need common european solution to work . 
  for example common foreign policy and common defense arrive from the fact that europe ca n't afford to spend more on defense , but ca n't get enough results from the money spend - thus the answer is to seek economies of scale by acting together . 
   and this difference is the crux of the matter . 
  personally i would want the uk to be in the eu , but only if the eu looked completely different and was much looser , more informal and more flexible and essentially just a forum for diplomacy and a set of enforceable rules to facilitate easy trade . 
  i absolutely do not want any move towards federation . 
  given that almost nobody in the rest of the eu wants what i want , i think that the best option for the uk is to leave . 
  what you describe is essentially the council of europe or wto or un . 
  all organizations that are toothless and unnecessary , but this is another conversation all completely . 
   also , i do n't think that the uk leaving the eu needs to be that drastic for anyone or provoke an economic crash anywhere or even interfere with the current recovery . 
  brexit just needs to be managed properly . 
  britain should have a fair deal with the eu that enables free trade and british and european producers unhindered access to each of their markets . 
  prosperous , wealthy and stable britain next to the eu is in the interest of both parties i do n't think there is no question about that . 
  however once you go out you ca n't anymore complain if and when eu advances to become full blown federation including having common foreign policy and common army that will impact everybody and every global organization . 
  it is one thing to vote against juncker than threatening to leave the eu if he is chosen as the next commission president . 
  not to mention that his candidacy to become the next president of commission is one of the first steps to make eu and the commission more democratically elected which is something that british have for long complained : the democracy deficit . 
  another reason why cameron and uk are facing a backlash is because most europeans have become frustrated to cameron and tories , if they want out or want to stay in , they need to make up their minds . 
  leaving or staying is a-okey , but continuously threatening to leave while not leaving is frustrating . 
  please , write to your m.p and ask them to put pressure on cameron to have the referendum of either staying in leaving . 
  the current situation where uk has the other leg out of door while shouting the same time `` i will do it , i will really do it , i swear i will do it '' is counter productive for both the uk and eu . 
  currency risks are much more deadly to baltic states than not being able to devalue or change interest rates . 
  this is because ... 
  most of the baltic sector is owned and operated by nordic banks . 
  these banks have given huge number of foreign currency denominated loans to the local clients . 
  if for example during the crisis lithuania would have been put by markets into a position where it had to unpeg its currency from euro and devalue it , it would have created enormous wave of first firms and individuals going bankrupt and then banks themselves going out of business . 
  i would say that currency risks dwarf risks caused by inability to set interest rates and devalue currency . 
  even if one is not able to set interest rates or devalue currency , there are lots of things that a state can do via usage of its own budget and taxation to impact the markets . 
  devaluation does n't actually decrease wealth inequality . 
  wealth when invested into tangible assets like property , stocks and foreign investment keeps it value when currency is devalued . 
  what does n't keep its value are wages , wages stay the same , but their ability to purchasing power goes down . 
  however what devaluation can in short while do is to decrease income inequality by creating more jobs that boosts incomes of those who were previously unemployed , but this only works if the economy is export driven and export sector has lots of unused capacity . 
  usually devaluation can be think as taking money from workers and handing them over to export industries . 
  agreed . 
  have the referendum and if you it says ` yes for brexit ' then start negotiations to leave , but do n't complain when you anymore ca n't take part on deciding how the eu or its internal market functions . 
  i 'm all for a fair trade and market access deal with the uk , but that will not include ability for uk to take part on single markets decision making . 
  pro tip : do n't hang out with your insurgent buddies in front of the insurgents administrative head quarters . 
  yes , the front of the building , not sides , not the back , the front of the building . 
  and in case of civilians , if you are minister of health of the insurgents , you are not a civilian , you are an insurgent , not civilian . 
  or are you claiming that if the leader of insurgents would have been killed it would have been civilian cassualty ? 
  assads troops were shelling indiscriminately whole neighborhoods where as the ukrainian army did a limited aerial attack against administrative head quarters of insurgents . 
  can you really claim that the ukrainian army did n't hit what they were supposed to hit ? 
  they hit the building and the building alone , not buildings near by , not buildings in the same neighborhood , they hit the building . 
  and again , when you are working for the insurgent administration , you are insurgent , you are enabling those who have weapons to work and kill people . 
  if you do n't want to be hit , do n't work for the insurgents , do n't take be part of it . 
  simple as that . 
  because of the comment was deleted ...  aerialtollhouse : there were no militants occupying it . 
  just office people who died . 
  precision strike is not achieved by unguided missiles . 
  bombing your own citizens is a war crime . 
  i wish you to see russian tanks in helsinki in your lfetime . 
  the ukrainian strike hit exactly what it was supposed to hit . 
  there are other ways to make precision guided attacks than using gps or laser to strike preciously . 
  in this case the fighter plane flew enough close to ground and enough slow to make its ammunition to hit the intended building . 
  and no , you ca n't scream war crime , administrative centers are legitimize targets especially when force used to take them down is limited and the gains justify the means . 
  not to mention again , groznyi !, 
  in case of russian tanks in helsinki , hell will freeze before that happens . 
  russia is underdeveloped and poor country that is clinging on its former glory . 
  the fact is that both eu and us and out gun and outmaneuver russia now and in the future . 
  we have better technology and we have more resources than russians will ever have . 
  you should pray that after this conflict is over , europeans and americans retain some pity for russians so that they can get at least some help when the siberian republic , better known as \u897f\u4f2f\u5229\u4e9e\u5171\u548c\u570b declares independence . 
  that was n't executing civilians in the park , that was disabling the militant administrative head quarters of the area . 
  the ukrainian army had two choices to do that : 1 ) attack by land and risk having large amounts of urban fighting with huge amounts of collateral damage ; or 2 ) limited precision air strike against the administrative building and militants occupying it . 
  while the number 2 option did produce collateral damage , it produced lot less than fighting from house to house in order to reach the administrative building . 
  the comparison to groznyi is more than adequate . 
  not to mention that again , those working in the building were militant administrators that supported and enabled the militant cause . 
  for example the militant minister of health had all the freedom on not taking part to the militancy , but she did and decided to risk her life for the cause . 
  now when the risks that she took materialized you are screaming murder while conveniently forgetting that she took active part to the militancy and thus enabled all the deaths caused by militants . 
  do you prefer a limited air strike or the way things where handled in groznyi ? 
  rebel minister of health was n't innocent . 
  her hands were as bloodied as anyone else who took part to the rebel administration .
