  look again at the un icj ruling . 
   the decision was made in 2000 and under pressure of our friends in the eu never ratified . 
  either the greek states sends this case into an international court or it creates a new law that remedies the situation . 
  just staying and not doing is not an option . 
   the europe of cooperation was strangled by the 5 years of austerity without mercy . 
  what do you expect from the rest of eurozone ? 
  greece in 2009/2010 was running a primary deficit of -10.1 % of gdp , meaning that it needed 34 billion eur of new money just to continue functioning . 
  are you saying that the other eurozone states should have just gifted the money to greece ? 
  the fact of the matter is that other eurozone states did much more than what treaties forming the euro demanded from them . 
  they loaned money , then they loaned more money , then they made the interests much lower and in some cases lower than what they themselves had to pay for the money , and then they extended the maturity of these loans . 
  what is the thing that you would have wanted other eurozone states to do ? 
  because of this co-operation , for the loans finland had to give , the finnish debt this year exceed the 60 % to gdp mark . 
   is there a statute of limitations on that jewelery/old bank accounts ? 
  the only limitation there is banks are charging fee for those safe deposit boxes , which is not so much . 
  at some point the fees for those safe deposit boxes will go over the estimated value of the holdings , thus then the bank can move to collect it . 
   it seems that after 100 years , if no one has claimed it yet , no one is going too and the government might as well put it to use . 
  in the grand scheme of things that money is just a drop in the ocean . 
  the finnish state yearly budget is 57 billion eur , thus from the point of view of government these are not interesting things , not to mention that if government would confiscate these , it would easily create more pr damage than it ever would bring money . 
  just imagine if government would confiscate some jewelry and sell them , and later an actual relative would appear to claim his/her lost property . 
  an pr nightmare . 
  right to veto should n't be used lightly . 
  greece has a long history of acting very rudely and selfishly in eu . 
  for example when finland was negotiating with the ec to join it , the greek state was worried that finland would become a net-receiver thus decreasing the amount of eu subsidies it received , for this reason alone the greeks were ready to forbid finland to join the union . 
  ] ( http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/kotimaa/salolainen%20delors%20euneuvottelut-30133 ) translation : salolainen describes the ec accession negotiations being dramatic at the end in february-march 1994 in brussels . 
  very tired negotiators were fighting against the ec 's greek chairman of the time theodoros pangalos who was behaving without shame . 
  `` chairs were clacking '' when part of the finnish negotiators were already willing to leave . 
  [ also more in finnish in here ] ( http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1288338910371.html ), 
   no , they 're playing along . 
  if everyone is going to be an asshole when it comes to debts , then they can do the same . 
  so other states like finland is being assholes on being worried that their taxpayers money that they loaned to greece will get paid back ? 
  did you know that the finnish debt to gdp broke the 60 % rule because of the loans made to greece ? 
  and let me be clear , the finnish nor other eurozone states have n't been assholes , they have been more than willing to extend payment times and make sure that greece does n't pay too much back as interest and down payments . 
   no , why ? 
  either greece is a state ruled by law or it is not !, 
  there is a big difference !, 
   a government can choose to be a harsh collector or be open for negotiation and compromise . 
  if the germans are harsh towards the greeks , it is to be expected that their attitude will be mirrored sooner or later . 
  separation of powers !!!, 
  you have executive , legislative and judicial branches of government . 
  in a state ruled by law , an executive branch ca n't decide on what laws and court decisions will it abide !!!, 
   investors are n't fucking gods who we need to appease with sacrifices . 
  they 're human , and they 're fallible . 
  respect of private property is one of the key tenants of an investment friendly state . 
  finland is one the most business friendly states because we have long history of respecting private property and being ruled by law . 
  our banks still have safety deposit boxes full of old jewelry , gold , money , stocks and bonds that were deposited there before the russian revolution and whose owners disappeared . 
  no nationalization , no confiscation , no what so ever . 
  this is the way you build a country were people are willing to invest and to where foreign companies can safely invest strategic assets . 
   well suicide rate has risen by 30 % , and nobody cares , and while i do n't see the term pigs thrown around as much nowadays i think their anger is justified . 
  suicide rate in finland is 16 per 100 000 while the rate in greece is 3.5 , but that is a-okey , no need to get worried about it . 
   i 'm not sure why germany 's in charge of the union all of a sudden . 
  at that point when other member states started to need money from it . 
  do remember that everything that has happened post 2009 has been extraordinary and gone over and against of much of things that were settled with treaties that formed the euro . 
   also not sure why historic fiscal malfeasance is abhorrent when committed by some european countries , but is a ` thing of the past ' that we 'd best ` fuggedabout ' if it 's committed by other european countries . 
  greece in 2010 had primary budget deficit of -10.1 % meaning that for the govermeant to function , they needed to loan 34 billion eur . 
  should we have just said , default and cut your spending ? 
   in 1953 germany had 50 % of its debt erased , and only had to pay interest to countries who imported enough german goods to maintain a trade surplus in their favor . 
  but we 're supposed to forget about that and all the money and art stolen by germany during the war , but the money stolen by corrupt politicians must be paid in full , immediately , no matter how many hospitals and schools they shut down to do it . 
  is it the fault of finnish taxpayer that the greek state overspend and does n't collect enough taxes ? 
  what the hell , is the ruling government become totally ... 
  brain dead !? 
   the greek minister of justice threatened to confiscate german property in the country , and suggests that his next moves depends on an agreement in the debt dispute . 
  do n't they understand that this totally takes any credibility that was left of the greek state ?!, 
  for crying out loud , if a society is ran by the rule of law , then if an greek court makes an decision to award 28 million eur in damages to families of victims of distomo , and the verdict is upheld , then the responsibility of the state is to act accordingly and collect damages from the guilty party . 
  it is not up to the government to decide if it is going to upheld a verdict or not . 
  essentially what the greek government has done is to ... a ) put it under question if greece is society based on rule of law ; and b ) scare away any foreign investors , especially the german investors and companies will have less appetite to invest into greece after this saga . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  this is not away of how a government of a developed country and a member state of eu should behave . 
  of course they have . 
  the problem is born on people having trouble to even buy cheese . 
  you bourgeois pig !, 
  that bidet belongs to the people !, 
  nationalize the bidet !, 
   congratulations you just proved putin and his fears correct . 
  nothing is fair in geopolitics but what you propose makes us no better than russia . 
  we have ipads , they have ... well ... they have cheese if they wait in the line long enough . 
  pro-tip : horde as much toilet paper as you can !, 
  in the happy chavist socialist republic of venezuela toilet paper is a deluxe product reserved to only the highest elite of the society . 
   that sounds like war talk to me , no wonder russia is feeling cornered in west people wait for newest apple products that cost ridiculous amounts , in russia people wait for cheese that costs too much for too many . 
  this was n't choice that the west made , it was made by kremlin and the russian people who support it . 
  so let me get this right ... not handing carte blanche to greece is being hostile , and thus greece should send millions of immigrants and jihadist to wreck havoc on europe ? 
  so you are for it ? 
  let me give you quotes from the article ... * `` if they strike us , we will strike them . 
  we will give to migrants from everywhere the documents they need to travel in the schengen area , so that the human wave could go straight to berlin , '' * - defense minister kammenos * `` there will be tens of millions of immigrants and thousands of jihadists '' * - foreign minister kotzias and you are calling me sick - what a sad world we are living . 
  how about you go to nearest mosque to site some marx and make some peace loving suicide bombs . 
  as usual ... communists and islamists ally together to destroy civilization . 
   so what 's the purpose of that part if we can make their state collapse with just economic sanctions ? 
  one thing is to make the state collapse , another is drive the state and society in point were their moral backbone will go broke . 
  the collapse of the ussr did n't destroy security and military complex , this time the point of it would be to drive russian people into streets and take purge the security elements of the country . 
   seems like quite a big investment considering the end result will pretty much be massive civilian casualties . 
  primarily non-russian civilian casualties , although one would hope that would n't matter in case of civilians . 
  not really . 
  it is not that long ago when caucasus was burning and russian army was engaged to bitter fight in chechnya , dagestan , etc. . . last time they fought without external assistance and caused massive damage . 
  just think how much damage they would do with external assistance . 
  not to mention that it would n't really cost much for the west ... gulf arab states would gladly fund it , israel and other third party countries would provide weaponry , islamists communities around the world would gladly act as foot soldiers . 
   so now nato is responsible for countries that are n't in nato . 
  that ca n't possibly go wrong ... 
  it is all about balance of power and international rules of engagement . 
  russia acting as an rogue state endanger the whole international order and that is why they must be countered and the regime taken down . 
   that part is fine though , because economic sanctions are not an all-in commitment that a military response would be . 
  west can easily make russian state collapse just with economic sanctions .
