  i really think that we need to have more relax rules for ecb to act with banks if and when needed . 
  another thing is that any insurance seem should be mandatory , because we already have a common banking market thanks to sepa , so allowing member states to toil away with something would sooner or later cause another crisis . 
   considering you criticized transfers of fiscal power ... this is the ultimate transfer of fiscal power , and eu would have to have mechanisms for dealing with the huge transfer of power . 
  i was n't advocating that eu would run the finances at all times , but it would have to maintain the ability to do so in case someone goes in to receivership . 
  when a town or county is put under receivership in us , it is not about injecting money , but replacing ineffective leadership and then doing in quick manner cost cutting and settling down with different debtors , for example cutting down pensions . 
  yes , but the improvements of the spanish state fiscal conditions were caused by the real estate bubble , not by having sound fiscal policies or diversified and stable economy . 
  if spain would have had sound fiscal policies , what the public sector would have done would been to cut back public infrastructure projects that themselves fuelled the construction boom even further . 
  another thing is that even if spain would have had its own currency or independent monetary policy , there still would have been real estate boom due to external matters such as loose low interest rates in the us , japan , europe and baby boomers coming into age to use their surplus to buy properties . 
  actually if spain would have had its own currency the situation would have been even worse , because if the spanish central bank would have hiked interest rates , then people and companies would have gotten foreign currency denominated loans , which would have become toxic post 2008 , and leading the state either knock imf or engage into immediate reforms . 
  not to mention that during the real estate boom of 00s import duties to many different sectors were dropped , allowing the chinese manufacturers to out compete their european counterparts . 
  that is actually what has largely happened in spain and italy , their traditional industries are in high pressure , but their rigid legislation and bureaucratic systems restrict industrial renewal . 
  that actually would n't solve the core problem which is that southern economies like portugal and italy have suffered from low growth for the last decade . 
  and the reason for low growth has been too rigid legislation and too much red tape . 
  these are self inflected wounds that ca n't be fixed with money , they revolve around culture , values and beliefs that make up the society . 
  in case of spain and greece , current economic problems are results of state corruption . 
  for crying out loud , cheap money does n't force you to build air ports into middle of nowhere or start vanity projects , it only enables them . 
  again what are needed is more transparency and re-examination of values , for example is there really point for greece to pretend to be a welfare state when people do n't want to pay for it , and in reality you have to slip money everywhere to get anything done . 
  another thing is that if there would be automatic fiscal transfers then they would be from north to east , and future from south to east . 
  is there really any justification that developing countries like estonia and slovakia send money to richer places like greece and portugal ? 
  i have to say that i 'm little hesitant on moving further fiscal power from member states to a federal level . 
  the problem is that even then everything is a question and matter of politics , sometimes for political reasons policies are strict , but in another case blind eye is given . 
  that wo n't work , what we are going to do is to lock europe into a mould that has potential to corrupt the whole union . 
  the one thing that i liked about original euro construction is that if member states fail their policies , they go bankrupt if they are not able to transform . 
  however in the original construction nobody addressed the question of banks , or banks colluding with states to buy bonds to support the national economy . 
  for example if tomorrow greece would make a hard default , all greek banks would go bust and take with them the whole private sector . 
  after that the question would be will we let greece fall into anarchy or send in the tanks . 
  that is not position where we want to be . 
  instead we should insulate public and private sectors from each other , in essence if the state goes bankrupt there would be resources and agencies to shield the financial and private sectors in the member country in question . 
  current situation is ridiculous because member states can blackmail the eu and other member states to support them . 
  we need to get rid of that and move to a system where whole states can be put on receivership . 
  noted this in r/economics already  he added that france might have difficulties in accepting a role as the leader of a `` latin '' euro . 
  `` france has done relatively little in the form of structural and fiscal reforms , and it currently enjoys a low risk premium because it 's closely allied with germany , '' he said . 
  `` if that link were broken , france would have probably a higher risk premium than italy . '', 
  sounds like bankruptcy for everybody if there is no germany and no structural reforms . 
  the problem i have with this is that is purely symbolic move . 
  you put women on boards rooms and then can claim that things are fixed . 
  no they are n't . 
  actual reasons on why there are less women in boards rooms and as ceos is because ... * in most european countries it is hard or impossible to combine family and career . 
  a much better thing for women would be to make it obligatory for states to offer full-day childcare to children over 9 months . 
  * less women select to study to engineering than men , in some countries there are less women studying business and management than men . 
  if you have n't studied engineering or business , it is bit hard to become a leader in industrial or technology firm . 
  so why not fix these ? 
  well for instance because it is much easier to make symbolic moves than it is to actually fix underlying problems . 
  and also because with this legislation it would be private companies that would need to pay and do this , not public sector . 
   the eu is currently the largest market on the planet . 
  it has more people that the us and more money than china . 
  that in itself is incentive to start and do business here . 
  there is lots of potential in the eu , that is not the problem . 
  the problem is that companies have finite capital . 
  when a business goes into downturn , has to downsize its activities , has to change its business focus , then you need to get rid of employees that you do n't any more need , and the cheaper you get rid of them , the more money you have to reinvent and carry yourself over the bad times . 
   and depending on what you actually do , chances are good that all your competitors have the same `` problems '' : not being able to fire is most likely just as hard for them as it is for you . 
  so the playing field is level , at least in that market . 
  if not , simply incorporate where they are . 
  the playing field is not level , we live in global world . 
  when european legislation shoots down entrepreneurs and starts-up straight from the start , it makes sure that we do n't have fast growing smes , we do n't have fast growing new industries . 
  this is exactly the reason why most new technology companies have come from the us , it is because their legislation supports enterprises and entrepreneurs . 
  even worrying is that countries like china have more new companies and startups that are moving fast to grow and take over the world . 
  if we do n't change legislation in europe , then we will get behind both the us and china . 
  we do n't create new companies and industries , we rely on old , and as those old industries come under pressure of commoditization , either jobs are lost or living standards take a hit . 
  for crying out loud , there are only 6 eu countries with higher gdp nominal per capita than the us , the rest are behind , and the gap wo n't close without strong economic growth . 
  great . 
  what next ? 
  when is the dismantling of the state going to happen ? 
  and what about that rigid labour legislation , when is that going to be removed ? 
  and busting of unions , that needs to be definitely done . 
  great to see that people have finally understood that statism and socialism just do n't work . 
  great . 
  so you are planning to move into capitalism and free entrepreneurship tomorrow or the day after ? 
   and of course the manufacturers built in the south . 
  plenty of cheap people for manual labor and possibly a whole bundle of subsidiaries . 
  what is bad with cheap manual labour ? 
  is it worse than being without jobs at all ? 
   actual money nowadays is n't made in manufacturing , though . 
  all economies have to start from somewhere . 
  you ca n't just make a jump from developing country into a knowledge based economy . 
  another thing is that you have to settle on things that are available now , otherwise you wo n't get anything . 
   we did this already and it led us to the mess we are in ( wall street pushed for it and than they let their private equity loose ) . 
  europe is in another mess that is caused by too rigid and restricted market . 
  starting business is itself hard , and operating one even harder . 
  who in their right mind wants to start a business in a country were you ca n't fire employees or firing costs so much money that it can easily take business into bankruptcy . 
   the southern states , while being republican strongholds , are the biggest recievers of federal money paid by the `` blue '' states . 
  the jobgrowth you are witnessing is because of the increase of minimum wage labor ( texas for example ) using federal funds from the stimulus pakage of 2010 . 
  you can see a lot of european companies investing in the south ( cars ; siemens etc. 
  ) , again with the help of huge subsidies . 
  and no , i do n't want to have to work 2-3 jobs to pay my bills . 
  would it be better that new industries would n't have located into south , but somewhere else , maybe outside the states ? 
  and is n't better to work 2-3 jobs than have no job at all ? 
   you do create jobs by investing in education , cultivating a business environment that meets the needs of the owners/investors but also keeps in track with the common good ( s ) etc. 
  investing into education only brings fruits if it allow industries to grow . 
  education system must be geared to serve needs of industries . 
  however if there are n't many industries then there is not really much were educated people can go to work . 
  cultivating business environment is of course good , but like i said before , south suffers from legislation and bureaucracy that suffocates entrepreneurship . 
   in the end you create jobs by increasing demand ... the demand comes from the people ( middle class ) ... to pay for it they need money they no longer have ... 
  in southern europe there was demand , but this demand was satisfied with imports . 
  that is the reason why balance of payments in many southern countries is in negative . 
  the only way to turn that other way is to export more and you can only export more when you either get foreign direct investments into production , or that you allow entrepreneurs so succeed in your society . 
  compare the southern states in 70s to today and what you see is major difference . 
  not to mention that southern states are leading the return of manufacturing in us where not only us manufacturers have moved production from north to south , but foreign manufacturers like volkswagen , bmw , embraer , mitsubishi nuclear energy systems , etc. . . have build their new production facilities in south . 
  there is no hurt to study what other places have done . 
  suffering from `` not invented here '' syndrome is arrogance that europe ca n't afford .
