  however there are always risks in any system , you just have to deal with them . 
   i have not thought about this one at all . 
  could you explain more what you mean by this ? 
  does this mean that finland is somehow less likely to be invaded by the russian army or something if it is in a currency union with france and germany ? 
  ( i admit ignorance of finland 's geopolitical security situation ) . 
  in short yes , and further integration with central europe will drive this . 
  you might ask should n't we have then a bigger army or ally with nato , and to this i have to answer that security is balancing act . 
  if finland would arm itself to the teeth or ally with nato , it would scare of the russians , and that is something that we do n't want to do . 
  however deeper integration with the eu is less frightening because they do n't see it as an potential aggressor , a powerful and potentially troublesome neighbour , but not something that would actively seek aggression . 
   true , but since your biggest trade partner is sweden , ca n't it become a problem as well ? 
  i guess though it is cheaper to sell to us now , so i guess the euro is good in that sense . 
  value chains cross borders , in case of finland and sweden our industrial value chains are highly linked with germany and the rest of the central europe . 
  even in case of sweden transaction costs are lowered for example when swedish company buys components/parts from germany and then sells them back to the eurozone , there is reduced transaction costs and lowered currency risk . 
   how ? 
  you have higher interest rates now than sweden , denmark , less control , have to borrow more and aid other countries more . 
  have n't your costs increased as well ? 
  the interest rates are a non-issue when they are this low . 
  when we talk about currency risk we talk about a sudden fall or surge of the value of currency , for example due to speculative attack that took boe out in the 90s . 
   i can understand being part of the eu , given finland 's history with russia , but how is finland more secure as a euromember , as opposed to a eu member ? 
  because with euro you have something valuable that you share and that you could all loose . 
  in case of the eu , what you share is a common market , something based on legislation and common will to work things out , in case of euro you have something that is very tangible . 
  but lets not loose the focus in here . 
  eu and euro are only parts of the finnish geopolitical security , they progress it , but real security is gained with deeper integration . 
  * lower transaction costs * reduced currency risks * increased geopolitical security, 
  driving license is not valid id document in the schengen area , only eu identity card or passport are valid documents to proof your identity . 
  there are two parties at fault in here ... * israel should restrain more of itself , maybe return to 1967 borders in exchange to permanent peace with all parties . 
  not to mention that they should really crack on hardliners . 
  * arab states and palestinians should stop institutinalized anti-semitism and accept losses . 
  most european countries in the last century have seen millions or tens of millions loose their homes and lands , and yet , that is all in the past . 
  people have moved on . 
  overall i do n't care . 
  you have too state centric view to the eurozone crisis . 
  the real solution to the crisis is to enable member states to go bankcrupt while shielding the banking and private sectors from the public meltdown . 
  to achieve this you need to open up the unlimited coffers of the ecb , but you ca n't do that without making treaty changes to increase the power of ecb . 
  pooling of debt on the other hand is not a solution and will not be suggested . 
  what europe needs is more market orientated policies and usually every treaty change has progressed them . 
  i really do n't see any large objections for further integration as the direction of integration will lower overall risks in the euroarea and does n't cost taxpayers directly . 
  not to mention that there will be another europe wide banking crisis in next ten years if ecb and the union does n't get more power , hint sepa is a really big thing in the future . 
  there definitely will be a treaty change , the problem is that ... * germany wants to include everybody , and thus wants to have eu treaty . 
  while the new treaty would make the union to have two tiers officially , it would n't exclude or put unnecessary obstacles for outside countries to join the core . 
  * however if germany ca n't include everybody , then there will be a new treaty , one of exclusion , one that only covers eurozone countries and will dive a wedge between the euroarea and non-euro countries . 
  this is more or less what france would want , a tighter but more deeper union where it would have more power than it currently has . 
  * for other eurozone states than germany or france i would guess that it is the same . 
  there are problems and those problems need to be fixed by deepening the union , and that calls for a new treaty . 
  it really does n't much is it eu or eurozone treaty , nobody else has any option than to follow . 
  now in case you are wondering why i am not talking about non-eurozone states is because they do n't matter . 
  if we have worst case scenario where economic situation calls for deeper union , but non-eurozone states prevent a new treaty , then we will have a situation where the rest of the union is more or less ejected to eea and the core goes on . 
  the thing is that we are talking about serious amounts of money in whole another ball park that we have seen in europe since the ww2 . 
  essentially we have left the good old days of integration by ideas and visions to hard ground of realpolitik , and that means whole new rules for integration . 
  representing both sides of the cold war equally would be the same as representing the nazi point of view in equal terms in berlin jewish museum . 
  there is no scientific proof that coal is harmful to the environment . 
  but there is scientific proof that nuclear causes deaths , just remember hiroshima and nagasaki !, 
  every time you use nuclear power , the government makes another nuclear bomb to destroy the world . 
  yours sincerely , your average green . 
  you ca n't use that as an excuse when ex-soviet satellites like the czech republic is fast reaching your gdp nominal per capita . 
  what about when ex-soviet republics like estonia reach your per capita levels ? 
  will you then claim that the soviets left estonia in much better condition than your dictatorship over 15 years before the ussr collapsed ? 
  let me ask few questions ... * are there any portuguese wind turbine and solar cell manufacturers ? 
  because the last time i checked the major corporations were from germany , china , etc. . * are there transmission capacity to actually transmit energy to faraway markets like france and germany ? 
  do you know by the way how much it actually costs to build up that capacity ? 
  the answer is very much . 
  i 'm sorry , but there is currently no money be made from renewable energy if you are n't the producer of actual equipment . 
  if someday renewable energy can compete without subsidies with other forms of power generation , then it makes sense to build facilities , but until then it is money thrown into wind . 
   there was no public debt problem before the crisis , no one is saying the country di n't had problems , but reckless spending was not one of them . 
  if there would n't have been property bubble , there would have been public debt problem , having a property bubble masked the funding shortage of the public sector . 
   the biggest problem portugal had the last 10 years was that it di n't manage to convert the advances it made on education , health , logistics , etc , into economic growth and wealth generation . 
  and whose problem is that ? 
   but like said before , keep on the ignorant hatred you have to the southern europe . 
  it is you who is all about hate . 
  it seems that any criticism towards policies that were in effect in southern countries is constructed as hate speech . 
  it more or less seems that everything was just a-okey , and then the big bad financial crisis came and ruined the fantastic paradises of south - there was nothing wrong internally in countries in question , it was all because bad international investors and foreign governments that caused the misfortune . 
  economic left/right : 2.38 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.05, 
  because it is economically sensible . 
  in finland there is one new epr reactor being built by tvo , industry owned nuclear company . 
  the state has given them another permit to build another one beside it . 
  also the state has given permit to fennovoima , backed by e.on and industry , to build a nuclear plant to northern finland . 
  in sweden the state has given permission to replace current reactors with new ones - close one , get permit for one new . 
  currently one operator has started a process to get a permit to build new and close one old down . 
  the reason why some countries like germany are phasing out their nuclear power plants is because no politician has been man enough to say the trueth to the electorate , which is that without cheap energy european countries will go bust . 
  as that is the real deal , it is now wonder that new coal plants are build in germany . 
  i really ca n't see that building new coal plants is a solution , in here thanks to nuclear , power companies are facing coal out . 
  i have ussr branded pocket flask . 
  there is no more greater justice than having all communist symbols and items become part of consumer based capitalistic lifestyle . 
  did you by the way know that the image of che is copyrighted and it is being actively sold for merchandise producers ? 
  ai n't that cool . 
  finally che can be part of the triumph of capitalism . 
  which itself really was n't that much . 
  introduction of capitalism is in the list of things to do ? 
   perhaps the best way for the government to create jobs would be to invest in wind and solar energy , which would reduce energy spending . 
  wind and solar are money sinks . 
  the only reason why germany and denmark have been so eager to give subsidies to build renewable energy is because their domestic companies have largely benefited from them . 
  wind mills are products of metalworking and machine industries . 
  solar cells are products of material and process industries . 
  if you do n't have companies specialised on these products , it is total waste of money to invest in them , money just either goes to germany or china . 
  much better idea to produce energy is to build nuclear plants . 
  while they usually have to be ordered from outside the country in question , they produce so cheap electricity that it soon makes it all up . 
   anyway portugal was n't communist and did n't have much of those either . 
  that does n't make the case any better for portugal . 
  but hey , is czech republic communist enough ? 
  their gdp nominal per capita in 2011 was 20,444 usd , almost the same as portugal 's 22,413 .
