  if we do n't find new sales , we need to cut our expenses . 
  states have the same situation , gdp and tax revenue are going down , they either need to generate new gdp and tax revenue growth , or they need to cut down expenditure into a level where coming revenue covers current expenditures . 
  in this sense , austerity measures have n't been deep enough . 
  this is n't a simple enactment of justice , this would be the purge of the remnants of the soviet union . 
  as it was with nazi germany , simple deliverance of justice is not enough , there has to be purge . 
  political leaders , party leaders , leaders and high ranking official of state institutions , security services , army , oligarchs , executives , academics , etc. . have to be purged from the russian society for good . 
  it does n't matter if they are hanged or sentenced to life in prison in siberia . 
  the only thing that matters is that they and what they represent are removed from the russian society forever so that no legacy from them stays . 
  when the putin regime falls , i really hope that they will held public trials for the current criminal elite and hang them all in the red square . 
  you do know that russian serfs were emancipated only in 1861 ? 
  when napoleon invaded russia in 1812 , it was primarily framed to be second polish war , as in liberating parts of poland that were still under russian rule . 
  however if napoleon would have won , and a new ruler would have been set to the throne of russia , the country would have been modernized much quicker and for example serfs liberated much earlier . 
  the unfortunate fact is that the great patriotic war was a war of slave masters who wanted to keep their slaves and their enormous riches . 
  not to mention hitler ... hitler and stalin , the best buddies for ever who divided together europe from finland to poland , invaded these countries , annexed them and then set to destroy their civil societies . 
  when hitler attacked poland , france and britain declared war on germany , the polish army according to common plan withdraw on the face advancing germans in an attempt to lure them east while keeping their own fighting ability intact , thus giving time for the french and the brits to concentrate on the west and invade poland . 
  unfortunately as stalin invaded poland , the polish army faced annihilating two front war , that allowed the germans to turn their forces to west ... 
  this was very unfortunate ... 
  it was even more unfortunate when stalin decided that it is a good idea to put his army in the west into attack formations ... 
  when the germans made a surprise attack , these units were swept away easily . 
  however i will give you one thing , it is not russia that is the cancer , it is moscow !, 
  st. petersburg good !, 
  kiev good !, 
  moscow evil !, 
  destroy moscow , liberate russia !, 
  the south cyprus with the southern cypriot people ... 
   because it was illegally invaded by turkey and had no right in declaring itself an independent state . 
  finnish karelia and huge list of other places were illegally invaded during the second world war and they became parts of other countries , namely the soviet union , and now they are part of russia ... 
  the thing is , either you can do something about that , or you ca n't , if you ca n't then you have to accept the current situation and make the best out of it . 
   also , and i hate to bring up old history in modern politics , cyprus is and has historically been greek . 
  if i was a greek in cyprus i too would not have been happy that a people , who only exist because they changed culture and religion in the 16th century after being occupied by the ottomans ( turkey ) , occupied half of my homeland . 
  finnish karelia as most of the land belonging to european russia were historically inhabited by finnic tribes . 
  this does n't give us any right to claim all those lands to belong to us . 
  what matter is the current day situation . 
  the fact of the matter is that in cyprus there lives too distinct people , the greek cypriots , and the turkish cypriots that changed their culture and religion during the course of history . 
  unfortunately these two peoples could n't live in peace inside a one country . 
  there was coup , there was a civil war , there was the end of hostilities , there were population exchanges , and there was talk of setting up a federal government , as that federal government never came true , the northern side declared its independence . 
  later on before accession of cyprus to the eu , the greek cypriot voters abandoned the unification treaty . 
  now really , everything has already happened from civil war and population exchanges to abandoning of the unification treaty . 
  so why drag this conflict more ? 
  why not to recognize the situation as it is and try to make the best out of it . 
  if there would be unification today , it would n't lead to unitary single cypriot state , because there simply is n't one single population , but two different people that are tied by geography and common history . 
   i do n't have anything particular against you guys , but i oppose the turkish republic of northern cyprus . 
  i do n't understand why we have to oppose the turkish republic of northern cyprus . 
  the fact of the matter is that so much time has gone by that it is impossible to go back in time and restore the situation as it was . 
  another issue seems to be that bringing cyprus ( the greek side ) together with turkish republic of northern cyprus is a non-working idea for people from both sides . 
  thus in my mind what should be done is to create a framework under which injustices that happened during the civil war / breakup will be dealt and compensations paid to victims , after which cyprus will recognize northern cyprus and enable it to become a real functioning country . 
  any integration and opening of borders can be handled if and when northern cyprus tries to join and is accepted to become a member of the union . 
  democratic votes can be unwise . 
  democracy does n't mean that the most brightest people or best ideas win . 
  democracy means that people elect the most popular people and party to govern them . 
  in case of germany the nazi party was elected to lead the german people . 
  even without a hindsight , many people at the time thought it unwise decision . 
  dear [ simonask ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/simonask ) , i think you should sit down , take a breath , and think about what you just wrote . 
  did i say that `` brown '' people want to stone people to death - no , i did n't . 
  you said it , you yourself associate stoning with `` brown '' people , and frankly that is quite troubling . 
  you should n't classify people based on their skin color , actually i am shocked that you use the term `` brown '' people . 
  we are all people . 
  we are all the same . 
  if you could just give up your prejudices you would see that there are no different colors , it just in your own eyes . 
  when you give up your prejudices , you become colorblind . 
  there is no white , or yellow , or black , or brown person ... 
  they are all just people . 
  some of them stone other people , that is their culture heritage , and they should be proud of it . 
  some other people may not have the same cultural traditions , and that is also good . 
  we should all be more tolerant and more respective of each others . 
  i really hope that when you do some soul searching , you will give up your prejudices , and start to look at the world with different eyes . 
  because all cultures are the same , no culture is inferior to another ... 
  if in some culture people stone other people to death , that does n't mean that the culture is somehow inferior to other cultures . 
  it is just different , and we should tolerate and respect it . 
  who are we saying that stoning people to death is wrong . 
  it just our culture , if we say that stoning people to death is wrong , then clearly we are saying that our culture is superior to theirs , but as that is not the case , clearly one who condemns stoning people is just displaying his or her xenophobia and bigotry . 
  not to mention that people from different cultures should try to learn from other cultures . 
  we should also test stoning people , maybe it would richen our culture . 
  so you are saying that it is a-okey for russians to kill people , enslave them and take their lands ? 
  you do n't see any relation on germany compensating victims of their crimes and demanding the russians to do the same ? 
  35 and done my military service years ago , but you on the other hand is probably a pussy who have never served in the army . 
  finland was only little bit over 100 years part of the russian empire . 
  the russification started at the end of the 19th century and was heavily resisted . 
  the efforts during russian empire and later efforts of soviet union to destroy finnish people have left a permanent mark : the danger comes from the east , we are at the border of civilization , in the east it just hordes . 
  soviet union attacked finland in 1939 in order to occupy and destroy independent finnish state as it had done with baltic states . 
  when finns went to the front , they were fighting against annihilation of their nation . 
  in baltics it was already seen what soviet occupation would mean , killing of middle and upper levels of society and replacing them with russian ruling class . 
  in winter war finns stopped the russian hordes killing from half to one million communists . 
  at the end of the war finland had to give karelia to soviet union that has always been finnish land . 
  after it was seen that soviets could not be trusted , finns seemed to get their old lands back with the help of germans . 
  the second world war was the best example of degeneration of russia under communism . 
  no amount of land was enough to stop the german advance . 
  only with the help of american and british aid , soviets could fight against germans . 
  if this was n't enough , the cold war showed to the world on how low the russian civilization had fallen . 
  that is what you get from killing the best of your own people and enslaving your neighbors . 
  happy living in third world state . 
  if the russians want to be successors to the sovieit union they have trillions of euros to be paid to all people who soviets enslaved and took their lands . 
  burial ground for thousands of criminals who served an evil regime that enslaved half of europe . 
  just destroy them as private citizens . 
  those memorials glorify a criminal regime that committed crimes against humanity more than the nazis did . 
  iranian israelis are n't actually that rare especially in israel itself . 
  to cut the story short , there are around 300 to 350 thousand iranian jews , third of them left the country in 50s to israel , the rest left after the islamic revolution , some of course stayed . 
  most of people who left went to israel , and many especially richer people went to usa . 
  my girlfriends family left iran when it became clear that the islamic government would n't go away any time soon , the persecution and islamization of the society was too much and too dangerous for them to stay . 
  the reason why i used the term iranian israeli is because they are in all senses are iranians .
