  for example if the banks just go bust they will take huge portion of the economy with them . 
  why ? 
  because while depositors are guaranteed to get their deposits back to the amount of 100k , there is no assurance on when this would happen . 
  you could get your money back next week , or next month , or next year , depending on how much time it will take to liquidate assets and solve who gets what and in what order from the bankruptcy . 
   andreas marangos , a porsche-driving lawyer here , had just woken up when he heard the news that threatened to destroy his and cyprus 's most lucrative business : setting up shell companies and providing financial services for wealthy russians . 
  somehow i do n't feel any pity for him . 
  just my observation , but for native speakers of turkish it is easier/possible to develop perfect finnish pronunciation to a point where it is near impossible/impossible to separate them from native speakers . 
  i have little time to reply to you today , but you complain about financing and let me give you an example of that ... finnish game industry , in 2012 it revenues excited over 250 million eur , a year before it was somewhere around 130 million . 
  where does the financing come ? 
  answer , all over the world . 
  rovio maker of the angry birds series got 42 million in venture funding , supercell maker of the clash of the clans got 15 million of funding . 
  most of this money is coming out of finland , from uk , from usa , etc. . . few weeks ago i was in date with a woman , ex-director of an finnish game company , and her new startup was just finalizing a deal of venture funding from the us . 
  there is lots of money in the world , if you have a good plan to make money , you will get access to it . 
  and let me remind you about nokia and other finnish multinationals , the reason why they could grew to become international powerhouses where international money markets . 
  it is not for nothing that nokia is listed in nyse , it is an finnish-american company backed by american money and american work and organization culture . 
  the same is also true with other firms . 
  the firm where i work , we are in the middle of transformation , and we are targeting to become an internationally recognized design and software consultancy firm . 
  we are already selling indians it and software consultancy , also designing and writing software for samsung . 
  the way we do things and the reason why we are going to succeed is that we try and we believe that we can succeed in global market . 
  financing or resources have nothing to do with that , it is the knowhow and belief that we have . 
   united europe means financial solidarity . 
  if you 're not interested in that , then why even create a eu in the first place ? 
  why the common currency ? 
  united europe means level playing field where the country of origin of a citizen or company does n't matter , they can all compete under the same rules . 
   as portugal provides for it 's poorer regions , so do the richer countries need provide for their poorest neighbors . 
  and richer incomes are taxed more ( or at least should ) to help those poorer . 
  it 's a basic principle that almost everyone now wants to end , so as to protect the rich and this dangerous social asymmetry . 
  that was a false principle . 
  what the society at large needs to do is to level the playing field by giving out opportunities , this applies to people , regions and countries . 
  however if people , regions or countries fail to use opportunities provided to them , then it is their own fault and they need to take responsibility of it , if not then we have situation where there will eternal subsidies for failed . 
   the eu meant money , which was indirectly given to northern companies and banks . 
  it meant a new market to these companies . 
  a win/win situation . 
  now , in retrospective , it meant a playground , where they could corrupt and unlock subsidies/eu cash . 
  and debt was encouraged because it meant profit for the banks . 
  regulation was relaxed and little or no audits were made by the many eu institutions designed to oversee them . 
  nope . 
  for small countries such as finland the eu has meant a level playing field . 
  it has meant that bigger countries have n't been able to subsidize their own industries and companies , that they have n't been able to prevent entry of foreign competitors via usage of legislation or via building indirect barriers of entry such as national technical standards . 
   agreed that we must contribute proportionally with our share . 
  no one refuses that . 
  but at this moment , with the current clusterfuck , it 's very crippling . 
  that is though luck . 
   should we compare ourselves to somalia also ? 
  yes , eastern countries have it worse but it 's all about prospects of change . 
  they are growing and there is economic health . 
  they are not in decline . 
  besides , you ca n't even compare them . 
  why would you even bring that up ? 
  you have a two patients . 
  one is quickly and positively recovering from grave illness and the other is worsening and on soon to be on a lifeline . 
  who would worry you most ? 
  again , prospects is what counts . 
  somalia is n't eu member state . 
  the reason to compare southern european situation to eastern europe is that eastern europeans in absolute terms have it worst , yes , economic indicators are better , but at the end of the day they have less money and less money means that you have less everything from consumption , housing , food , housing , etc. . 
  lets put some numbers here , lets compare gdp per capita figures from 2011 . 
  * portugal 22,359 usd * estonia 16,568 usd * latvia 13,618 usd * lithuania 13,262 usd * romania 8,875 usd * bulgaria 7,308 usd all the baltic countries had a big banking crash in 2008/2009 , for example gdp of estonia dropped over 5 % in 2008 and then 13,9 % in 2009 , and unemployment jumped over 17 % . 
  however the estonian state did n't need any bailout , they slashed all of their public spending , citizens endured huge hardship while all of the time they kept their currency 's peg with the euro . 
  so if the people of estonia could endure it , and lets face it , even in better days their living standards were lower than in southern eu state , then why ca n't the same and more expected from southerners ? 
   again , those corporate and financial interests at play . 
  we gave up farming . 
  we gave up fishing . 
  we gave up textiles and some manufacturing . 
  we gave access to our natural resources and exclusive economic zones . 
  it has been a global trend for the last few hundred years that value of agriculture had been steadily going down . 
  in case of textile and manufacturing industries , the change that you described already happened in finland in 80s and 90s just due to market changes . 
  the fact of the matter is that with or without eu , south-east asia and china produce textiles and low value manufacturing with much lower prices than we ever can . 
  the only choice is to let industries go and concentrate on developing new markets and new industries . 
  for example in developed countries there is a trend of lower paper consumption , now the finnish and swedish pulp and paper industries could either just die or develop and entry new markets such as biofuels and biomaterials that they are right now doing . 
   in turn , we 'd import from other stronger eu countries . 
  now , with current interest rates and rising cost of logistics , food and other goods are too costly to import . 
  oil is more expensive . 
  our dependency of foreign imports hurts the deficit that calls for increased entrepreneurship and opening up of the markets . 
  for example again poorer countries like estonia are in fast track of trying to entry more developed industries , skype for example was mainly developed in estonia . 
   privatizing essential areas like water , energy , even health and social security . 
  these are the troika demands . 
  energy and health market liberalization in the nordics has meant more competition and keeping prices lower than they are in other european countries . 
  also commodities like water needs to run like private companies are run because if you do n't bill at least the cost of operations from the end users , then you are effectively subsidizing them . 
   this is the death of a country . 
  and all of this happens because corporate interests trumps eu ideals . 
  we 're becoming colonies and our people slaves . 
  you might want to take a trip to russia and especially places outside the big cities to see what happens to a country that for almost 100 years had no corporations . 
   now , people higher in the north , believe this is a problem exclusive to southern europe . 
  it is n't . 
  we were just the weakest link . 
  the game continues . 
  other countries will capitulate to those same corporate and financial interests , even mighty germany . 
  this eu is owned . 
  the eu is dead . 
  and it will end , badly . 
  there is much potential in europe , but if we want to develop it and prosper , then we need to abandon the idea that companies and corporations are enemies . 
  they are what have made for example germany and sweden rich , they work and they generate wealth and prosperity globally . 
  when oil and gas revenues end . 
  i think many people are disappointed to southern europeans . 
  most southern european countries like spain , portugal and greece have benefited from money contributed from central and northern europe , but ... * ... united europe has suited them as long as it has meant more money . 
  * ... they have n't really got the idea that they also need to contribute . 
  southern european countries are rich compared to eastern european countries , they also need to contribute for them . 
  * . . for example greeks have been crying about their destiny while people in eastern european countries have much lower standards of living and they have had to endure much harsher austerity measures than any of the southern countries . 
  * ... they really have n't achieved much with the money , compared to eastern european countries that are growing fast and investing fast to the future . 
  the name of the game for example in countries such as estonia taking part to global market and succeeding in it .
