  germany is a democracy , if the people do n't want to share as much as for example as the swedes do then it so . 
  you ca n't force people to do something that they do n't want to . 
  the problem is that politicians and many member states have proved to be not trustworthy . 
  if you have a point , say it , do n't put me to read a long text about the subject , then you are just putting me to do all the work that was actually yours to take : make the case . 
  if people are so easily swayed by snake oil selling con men then they have earned continued hard ship that comes with false cures . 
  gdp growth enables better living conditions for everybody , if that is the wish of the society . 
  for example you can compare us ( 51,704 ) and sweden ( 54,815 ) , both generate huge amounts of production , in us the top levels of society take most of the production while in sweden the society has decided to balance sharing of benefits to make everybody 's life better . 
  the thing is that when you have generated something , you have the possibility to share it , however if you have n't generated anything , you do n't have any possibility to share as you have nothing to share . 
  that is why the first order that society must do is to make sure the economy is generating and growing , the second order is to decide what to do with all the production . 
  maximum employment is very poor goal . 
  the goal should be to achieve stable and continuous growth on long term . 
  if you just concentrate on bringing unemployment down , you will very easily sacrifice production rates and growth : for example spain had lower unemployment when it was building new housing , new motorways and new high speed railways , but those investments while generating employment will in long term lead to decline of gdp when investment is lost and does n't generate growth in production . 
  real blonds are very blond . 
  she looks like that her hair had been colored and shows her natural color from root growth . 
  not that i have heard of if you are referring to measuring for example 1st generation vs. 2nd second generation vs. 3td generations vs. natives . 
  the point in here was that us gathered such large amounts of immigrants in its existence that if us in deed was a melting pot it would have changed from the uk and other english speaking countries . 
  however it would be very interesting if there was a study which would compare cultures of for example immigrants and natives . 
  actually that kind of study would probably ease fears against immigrants as what i have seen is that children of immigrants have usually assimilated more than their parents , and many mixed marriage children are fully natives . 
  by the way that is why always wonder why people report foreign-originated-people as a group , you could also say they are native-originated-people . 
  my co-worker for example who is arab-finnish is more finnish than i who was born in sweden to finnish parents , between two of us , i 'm the immigrant culturally . 
  and this is exactly what i mean . 
  instead of just defining that this is the expectation , the whole thing just dwells into us vs. them issue . 
  americans say there country is a melting pot , but is it really ? 
  lets put some numbers behind this . 
  lets compare uk and us via hofstede dimensions ... uk vs. 
  us vs. australia * power distance 35/40/36 * individualism 89/91/90 * masculinity 66/62/61 * uncertainty avoidance 35/46/51 * long term orientation 25/29/31 if us would be a melting pot , then it 's culture dimensions should have changed considerably compared to uk ( parent culture ) or other off-shots like australia . 
  however us , uk and australia have very similar cultures even thought most of the us population is non-english originated , not to mention huge numbers of african-americans and hispanics . 
  the illusion of us being a melting pot is because popular self-image , everybody is originated from somewhere , and due to usage of artifacts like food to keep connection to some distant past . 
  actually if you look hofstede dimensions , uk , usa , australia , etc. . . have smaller cultural differences than sweden , norway and denmark . 
  clearly from looking from this view , us is not a melting pot , it is an assimilation chamber where new comers will become anglo-saxons . 
  in the us public there is no question about should new immigrants learn the language and follow common rules , that is the expectation from the beginning . 
  in europe however even that is under discussion , when you put your foot down and say that immigrants should learn the local language and obey common societal rules , you will get opposing arguments and accusations that you are anti-immigrant , racist , or xenophobic due to your expectations . 
  and lets not even start with some more ridiculous staff like sharia courts in the uk , etc. . 
   i do n't think multiculturalism is optional anymore , given the international span of many corporations , the availability of the internet and other ways of easily accessing foreign cultures , and the ease of travel . 
  actually it is and it is not the preferred option . 
  what is the preferred option is assimilation , and that is exactly what for example us is doing . 
  people come in and they are quickly assimilated : have to learn the language ; have to get a job ; have to follow rules ; have to obey the law , etc. . . you may think that the american system is multicultural , but in that you are very wrong , in us everybody is irish-american , african-american , chinese-american , arab-american , persian-american , etc. . . but actually you are all americans , you all have assimilated . 
  now compare this to multiculturalism in europe where you have separate communities altogether . 
  you have locals and then you have some foreigners who keep up their language , customs , rules , culture , the whole thing ... what we in europe want and need is to stop multiculturalism and start assimilation so that immigrants melt seamlessly into the local population . 
  well few reasons ... after the it - and telecom bubbles burst in the beginning of 00s , few investors got burned by very creative business men that caused the state to tighten legislation regarding ipos and operations of stock listed companies . 
  this has had the effect that many smes have abandoned dreams of listing to a stock exchange and have instead concentrated on just small scale growth . 
  second reason is that tax legislation benefits small firms too much and taxes too much big firms . 
  many small businesses just do n't see it worthwhile to take risks and grow . 
  so all in all , yes it is easy to do business in finland , but it could be easier and it could and should entice companies to grow . 
  in a sense i agree . 
  if in the 2008/2009 financial crisis finland would have had its own currency , devaluation would have eased pressure from many companies that could have continued their operations as they are . 
  however that would have just put off the eventual for a few years . 
  the real problem in finnish economy is that many export firms have products that markets do n't really want , they have n't been able to renew themselves as much as they should have . 
  the second thing is that in the last decade , finnish smes have n't wanted to grow and actually taxation and legislation have also made it not so lucrative to grow . 
  third issue is that there is renewal/reinnovation/refactoring of society and welfare state have been in slow motion , we have very real problem that we have shortage of workers in many fields , but are unable to re-educate/relocate people to these sectors . 
  in case of euro or not , i would say that euro has had positive effect on finland . 
  do remember that while culturally same , finnish and swedish economies differ quite much , finnish economy has traditionally circled around handfull of major corporations and industries while sweden has had rich collection of different industries and lots of smes . 
  finland is still catching in case of this . 
  euro has made it easier as the country has become more trusted and more stable to do having an more reliable currency . 
  ok , this clarifies the situation . 
   and also giving precendece to their old non-renewable plants do you mean that they subsidize their own electricity generation by keeping up transfer prices that are higher than network costs + margin that are regulated ? 
   people want to make a non-profit company that pushes green energy and at the same time keeps the prices lower . 
  ok , good to understand also this . 
  if i would be a tax-payer in berlin i would be very wary about this whole thing , because this easily can turn up to a scheme that transfers electricity costs from consumers to tax payers : the city has to get loans or hike taxes to be able to buy this and those moneys eventually come of from tax-payers . 
  oh well , lucky i do n't live there , 
  but should n't the remedy then be regulations that open up electricity networks to competition ? 
  so for example a consumer in berlin could select a green energy generator as a provider of energy , that then would be distributed by local network operator . 
  i just do n't get why the situation is like this ? 
   one of the driving forces is a group called energietisch , or energy table - an assortment of activists and different green groups who became unhappy that vattenfall , the current provider , was not supplying enough electricity from non-coal , non-nuclear power stations . 
  question : how electricity market liberalization has been done ? 
  in finland electricity distribution has been opened , thus even thought helsingin energia distributes electricity to me , i can freely decide from what producer i buy my electricity , including producers of pure green energy . 
  the company who owns and operates for example local electricity network and is owned by the city , or group of municipalities , those owners elect the board of directors , and those directors steer the course of the company by the guidance coming from the owners . 
  the only thing that they ca n't do is to make losses on purpose as they ca n't be subsidized by owners . 
  when we talk about companies owned by public entities , you should think them as quasi private-public companies . 
  private in a sense that they have to turn profit and operate the same way as other private companies . 
  public in a sense that they are owned by a public entity/entities and get their input from there . 
  edit . 
  i have written few comments about this issue and mixed to what exactly i 'm answering . 
  for clarity , public utilities should function as private companies either owned by public entity/entities or when they are owned by private entities , when we have a natural monopoly in question like electricity network , regulation should guarantee access of competitors to offer electricity to customers inside the particular electricity network , and regulation should provide way to calculate what for example transfer cost for electricity is going to be . 
  this is a very functional model that provides returns to owners , but also due to increased competition keeps consumers happy . 
  if ussr would have only terminated political opponents , you could call that a half decent reason , but when elderly , women and children are sent to death camps to siberia to die an agonizing death due to cold and hunger , that kind of takes everything away from that half decent reason . 
  in estonia soviet deported 54,000 people to siberia in the first year . 
  after the second world they continued deportations , for example in 1949 ...  20,722 ( 7,500 families , over 2.5 percent of the estonian population , half of them women , over 6,000 children under the age of 16 , and 4,300 men ) were sent to siberia during three days . 
  a little over 10 percent of them were men of working age . 
  the deported included disabled people , pregnant women , newborns and children separated from their parents . 
  the youngest deportee was 1-day-old virve eliste from hiiumaa island , who died a year later in siberia ; the oldest was 95-year-old maria raagel i have to say that i 'm shocked that i even have to argue about this . 
  holocaust was extermination of people deemed not to belong to society without the people in question having any chance to impact their destiny . 
  the same thing was with soviet extermination . 
  i just do n't understand how murdering estonian children can be attributed a half decent reason , while murder of jewish were out of no reason ? 
  both are equal crimes and implicated as much the regimes that made them happen . 
  oh yeah , that is why there is so much terrorism in places like eastern europe and ukraine . 
  you are wrong at that . 
  public entities like states , regional governments , cities and municipalities can own public services , but they have to do that by incorporating those services to companies that they then own . 
  the reason why incorporating is needed is to increase transparency and prevent illegal public subsidies . 
  for example lets say that public utilities would function as part of city government , then lets imagine that a company is contemplating on making a big investment to the city , but for them electricity or water price is key decision maker , now as the electricity provider/water provider is part of the city , the city can decide to entice the investor to invest into the city by providing subsidies in form of lower than production cost water/electricity prices . 
  this leads to sub-optimal resource allocation and taxpayers loosing money . 
  now when water works , electricity network operations , etc. . have been incorporated to companies of their own , those companies need to be profitable per see , the city ca n't float money to them via back door when they making looses , thus public interference to daily operations and markets are minimized . 
  another thing to note is that in many places where utilities are directly part of city , things such as maintenance or replacing old infrastructure can be lacking as these operations usually need more money which means bigger municipal taxes which politicians do n't like at all . 
  that is actually one the reason why when incorporating public utilities to companies prices tend to rise , they rise because these utilities were neglected and now as utilities ca n't anymore make losses , they need to cover their expenses from the money they get from users . 
   spain is one of the bigger producers of vehicles if i 'm buying a car , the decision is made between bmw/mercedes/audi ( actually not that , only boring people drive audis ) / lexus/cadillac . 
  people who think of buying a seat are people who make choice between skoda/kia/citroen / peugeot/renault , etc. . . 
  the point in here is that german producers and spanish producers are not competing in the same market . 
   that was financed by crazy levels of private debt ; those levels were posible to lower rates to support german reunification and capital flowing also from german and french banks . 
  the eu meant that spain was n't able to raise the interests . 
  first of all , spain had multiple ways to decrease construction , but failed to do to .
