  high tech investments are done by firms and firms invest where they get more out of their money . 
  you increase productivity by directing more capital and human resources to the private sector . 
  more capital by lowering taxes and more human resources by decreasing public sector participation . 
  if you make updating of constitution too easy , you run a risk that it is changed on too lightly basis . 
  if you make it too hard , you run the risk of having no changes at all . 
  and when looking at the us , and looking at us , i must say that we will not be any better on keeping our constitution up than the americans . 
  in my opinion the only way to keep the constitution in life is to use precise language , even if it means that dumbest portion of the population does n't fully understand it . 
  if people want changes to it , they really have to go throe the full process of changing the constitution , and not just arguing why x now does stand for y and that z is no longer relevant for the case . 
  austerity is the responsible thing to do . 
  the finnish state has been continuously running some sort of austerity programs for the last decade . 
  there is a long term state efficiency program that is designed to cut down number state employees while keeping the level of services in the same level . 
  this is done by both not hiring new vacancies , firing old employees , reorganizing organizations and the work done , etc. . . 
  this is a normal thing to do and the only way to keep the state efficient . 
  in the troubled countries , some need more austerity and some need less austerity , but for example greece , there is no denying that there needs to be huge cut downs on the government in order to reorganize economy to be more productive . 
  this is a key issue . 
  you have to move people from unproductive work to more productive work , in some cases this can mean demotion for example from being an specialist to being for example cleaner , waiter or seaman . 
  of course it is n't nice to people that have to go it , but if they want something better , they have to reinvent themselves and their offering in the market to get better . 
  this is what is needed . 
  if there is no austerity , then there will be no restructuring of the economy and that means that more and more money has to bumped in to keep the economy going as it is . 
  that is waste and that needs to be cut down as soon as possible . 
  it is irresponsible as it does n't offer any way for the market to work and re-bounce . 
  2 ) the real problem with that kind of thing is that it will lead into free loading . 
  for example ... country a uses euro , but does n't participate to the banking union . 
  it gives more relaxed regulations for its banks , and this advantage over other banks leads to growth of its financial sector and banks . 
  however one day a crisis comes and the financial sector and banks are in a brink of apocalypse . 
  country a then joins up the banking union and lets the eu and older member states save the day . 
  ... or ... country b does n't participate on the common defence union , instead it decides that having a small army or no army at all is a better solution for it because there is no threat to it . 
  however one day a crisis comes and the country feels threatened . 
  country b then joins up the banking union and lets the eu and older member states save the day . 
  there are lots of other examples that i could think of . 
  these are just few . 
  eu is not a shop , it either is a union where everybody pool together , or it is not a union . 
  ireland has been a net receiver until the latest eu budget . 
  cyprus is a net contributor barely . 
  but this is beside the point . 
  funding of eu structural and cohesion programs are not in question , all member states more or less share the opinion that they are needed and that they contribute to the overall growth of the european economy , at least with current amounts . 
  however bailout programs for greece , ireland , portugal , spain and ireland are n't something that the member states have agreed from the get go . 
  they have been set up hastily to shield the overall european economy from failure of individual member states . 
  these failures go from a direct fraud committed by former greek governments to long term structural inefficiencies of greece and spain and portugal to short sighted basing of the economy to a property bubble in spain and ireland . 
  these are failures that could have been prevented . 
  as an finnish and european taxpayer i 'm mortified by this incompetence and i want actions to be taken . 
  if i could have decided i would have thrown out the labour legislation from the window and copy-pasted one from the us to these countries , state bureaucracy would also have been cut putting 20 - 50 % of the employees out , benefits would have also been cut . 
  the thing is , it is my money , its taxpayers money , and when taxpayers hand it to the government and to the eu , the money has to be used as wisely and as efficiently it can be . 
  if it is wasted then my vote in the next elections go to a party that will decrease taxation and decrease government spending . 
  and you know what , i 'm not ranting this because i want more money for myself , but because if money is wasted by the government , it means that there is less education , less health care , less social services to those in need . 
  there has to be constant need for efficiency from the top to the bottom , if you are unneeded administrator , then you have to , if you are unproductive teacher or nurse , you have to go . 
  that is the only line that guarantees that we can have all the nice things that we have got used to . 
  eurobonds and centralized economic policy could also lead into more conservative policies through out the europe . 
  it is easier to cut down state spending when you do it under the flag of resisting giving money to waste in foreign countries . 
  eurobonds and central economic policy can give breathing space for know for troubled countries , but it could also lead to the cutting of all oxygen to state governments in the future . 
  define `` well regulated militia '' and then we can discuss on whether we need easy to read and understand language , or language that is precise . 
  few changes ... 1 ) get rid of individual representatives in the second chamber and replace them by member states governments represented by a minister . 
  this in short is return of council of ministers and i have a very good reason to call for its return , and that is ... * governments have state bureaucracies helping them to make informed decisions , for example even small countries like finland have dedicated software that forecast what kind of ramifications certain actions or laws can have to the country . 
  * governments act based on consensus , consensus between coalition partners , consensus inside the parliamentary group , consensus inside the party , etc. . what this ensures is that people with big egos have less opportunity to act selfishly and are restricted by the bigger group to behave in a constructive manner . 
  2 ) no voluntary treaties . 
  either you are in the european union / federation or you are out of it . 
  the only thing that voluntary treaties will lead into is fragmentation of the union and larger disharmony between member states as some states not participating into one aspect of the union will be seen as free riders . 
  there is already much talk about getting rid of countries that are not willing to go further in the integration road and those voices will only become louder in the coming years . 
  either you are in the monetary union and any union that is needed to make it work , or you are out of the union . 
  actually it was the finnish social democrats that demanded collateral in return for assistance . 
  the conservative party would have participated to the european programs without it , but as they are in coalition with the sdp they have decided to follow the line set up and demanded by the sdp . 
  sdp in the first place demanded collateral because they think that it is wrong to use the money of finnish taxpayers to the benefit of citizens of foreign countries that have largely caused their own problems with their own irresponsible behavior . 
  they would rather like to use the money to fund education , health care and social services that in actually would need more money . 
  interest rates climbed so fast for greece in 2008/2009 because they had an enron moment . 
  there had been a large scale fraud committed by the state by giving false economic and state finance data for a whole decade . 
  investors lost confidence to greece , that was what happened . 
  i would also argue that the problem is n't speculation against a member state , the problem is that most essential financial infrastructure of our economies are n't secured to withstand bankruptcy of a member state . 
  if in 2008/2009 greece would have defaulted it would have caused wide scale panic in the markets leading to banks going bust here and there , halting the whole financial system in europe . 
  if we would have had these safeguards in place , greece could and would have gone bankrupt . 
  the same austerity measures would have been made , but this time in much smaller time frame , more or less in matter of months . 
  it would also had removed the doubt from the markets as there would be no question of greece exiting the euro , and thus investing into greece would have returned much more quickly . 
   it 's only fair that countries that have profited from the monetary policy of the last 10 years also help with the more unfortunate outfalls of that same policy . 
  the cost advantage german firms ( finnish as well ? ), 
  enjoy over the periphery , its costs inflated by the capital inflows from the core until the financial crisis made them reverse , is a thing that should be discussed more i think . 
  wages being sticky it 's not that easy to perform an internal devaluation , especially when demand is soft . 
  finnish exports have n't been doing that well either . 
  germany 's mittelstand too strong for them also ? 
  the only cost advantages that the euro has given has been lowering of transaction and potential costs , and this has been shared by all member states . 
  people do claim that germany has kept wages down , but they forget that lower wages just mean higher profits . 
  people also forget that we live in global world , if german wages would be higher , german firms would either increase automation or move their functions to countries with lower costs . 
  in this light i ca n't really understand any talk about having cost advantages . 
  in case of finland , our problem is that we are facing increased global competition especially from producers coming from developing countries , especially from china . 
  the only remedies for that is to reinvent what we do and in the mean time increase our internal efficiency : in short downsize , reorganize and refocus . 
   the eurobonds would help remedy this problem , it 'd allow the affected economies to adjust through a period of slow demand and conditions that otherwise look like debt deflation . 
  another way is to use inflation to even out the cost differential and keep economic activity going . 
  a third way countries like german and finland can pay for it would be through a euro zone break up . 
  the ft had a nice thing on this , either transfers , inflation or break up . 
  germany and co will pay one way or the other . 
  and what would these adjustments be ? 
  the problem in many of the troubled countries is that public sector is too large and inefficient . 
  the only way is to cut and enable the private sector to expand their role in the economy . 
   let 's remember that capital flight from the periphery into the core is another unfair advantage german etc. 
  firms are enjoying over their competitors in the periphery in the form of lower interest rates and easier loan criteria . 
  interest rates to companies are the same no matter in what member state they are . 
  also thanks to sepa system , the whole euroarea is now one big common banking area meaning that any greek business can open up an account in for example german bank and use it to handle all their transactions . 
   it 's silly to make it into some moral story whereby some nations can with happenstance now grandstand and act holier than thou . 
  it makes me sick . 
  it is not a moral story , but something work and other do n't . 
  the soviet central planned communism did n't work , that is a fact , so it is also a fact that southern european economies with rigid government structures do n't work out in the global competition , that is a fact too . 
  either you face the fact and fix it or you do n't .
