  i did know that russians have mostly left from checnya , but i did n't know it happened before the war . 
  overthrow imperialists ? 
  reckless pursuit of capital accumulation ? 
  look i do n't know what is your background or political leaning , but the eu is as post-imperialist as anything can be . 
  it expands via voluntary union , it deepens integration on voluntarily basis . 
  if you look at the eu , especially the older member states , they are most wealthiest and most free in the world where citizens enjoy one of the highest qualities of life in the world . 
  not to mention `` reckless pursuit of capital accumulation '' , what is that ? 
  nordic countries are for example highly capitalistic , but they also maintain most comprehensive welfare societies in the world . 
  surely you ca n't object to expansion and increase of democratic market economy based societies ? 
  not at all . 
  i would love to be able to drive motorway from helsinki to yekaterinburg and then back to paris . 
  * * yes , it is europe , from the atlantic to the urals , it is europe , it is the whole of europe , that will decide the fate of the world . 
  * - ** charles de gaulle **, 
  is that really so or is that a common stereotype that is just been perpetuated past its time ? 
  in finland many people say that finns do n't talk much , that the difference between an introvert finn and an extrovert finn is that an extrovert does n't look at this own feet , but feet of other . 
  but clearly this is n't true any more , it was true with people born in 40s , 50s , 60s and maybe even with people in 70s , but nowadays young finnish adults are very outgoing , like to talk and discuss . 
  the stereotype is n't true anymore . 
  the russians , young adults , that i have met have seemed your average europeans , more central or northern in mentality than southern . 
  i think we are living in a transition period , things will get normal once the old people retire . 
  if russia would turn off gas the only one it would affect is russia itself as europe has gas supply for a whole year , but russia does n't have large enough foreign currency reserves to keep russia up very long time . 
  not to mention that russians are not crazy . 
  they are normal people who like work , consume and watch friends in tv , russian people and many in kremlin would intervene if putin would drive this to shooting match . 
  there is just no point for neither party to do so . 
   however , i think it 's time to admit that ukrainization have failed , it would make sense to let people to use whatever language they want . 
  when russian-speaking people know that ukrainian is the official language , they feel like they are second-class citizen in their own country , and this is one of reasons for separatist mood . 
  if both languages were official they could associate with the whole ukraine more easily . 
  one thing to remember is that ukrainian language was dying during soviet times . 
  the situation was the same in other ex soviet republics in regards of their languages . 
  few more decades and ukrainian language speakers could have become minority in ukraine . 
  the reason for ukrainization is to revive ukrainian language and make sure its continued existence . 
  now you may ask what is the point of keeping ukrainian language alive - is n't a language just a language ? 
  i do n't know about your opinion , but many speakers of major indo-european languages do n't recognize the value of different languages - they do n't see or understand how language affects everything in the culture and in the way people are and act . 
  language has value in itself and we as european have value in that we have so many nations and societies build around usage of different languages . 
  okey , well again you could ask what does this have to do with ukrainian language being the official language , and why not have russia also as an official language ... 
  the reason for this is that russia already exists , it is the russian state which keeps the russian language , culture and society alive . 
  thus the job of ukrainian state is not to protect russian language as the russian state already takes care of it . 
  yes , these are monuments to soviet people who fell during the world war ii , but in the same time these are monuments that have an other meaning . 
  they are also a reminder of soviet invasion , violent occupation and brutal repression of these countries and their people . 
  my question would be , so what ? 
  ukraine is not a welfare state , thus there are no major income transfer between people nor with regions . 
  yes new ukraine would have smaller gdp and gdp per capita if the eastern regions would break away , but in the case of individual ukrainian that would n't really make a difference . 
  not to mention that if i understood correctly , industries of eastern parts are more geared towards trade with russia while regions of western parts are more geared towards trade with eu . 
  currently they both suffer , and either would always suffer : western regions would suffer with custom union under russia , and so would eastern regions under european association agreement or when finally members of eu . 
  but where do you actually need crimea ? 
  it is full of russians who anyway do n't want to be part of ukraine . 
  so why not let them go ? 
  so can any ukrainians comment do you really care about is crimea part of ukraine or not ? 
  and do you care about eastern provinces ? 
  because to me it really does n't seem like a good idea to drag these guys if they do n't want . 
  eastern ukrainian republic - any takers ? 
  they are poor . 
  this has nothing to do with euro and everything to do with how the greek society functions internally . 
  there is enough money in greek society to deal with these problems , but there is not enough will to actually use that money to deal with the problems and not enough truest that the money will be rightly used . 
  not to mention that if greece would have its own currency , what good would it have . 
  medicines and medical supplies must be bought from international markets with hard currency - something that they would n't have enough . 
  unemployed and poor people complain and vote for populistic politicians . 
  luckily they are in minority . 
  people that work and have even half of brain understand the benefits of eu and euro very easily . 
  no one from my university friends would blame eu or think that going back would solve anything , not all , the big question is more of what next and how to tweek current systems than going back . 
  the point was that finland was n't really independent . 
  the decisions that it made in foreign and internal politics were heavily dependend on getting blessing from the ussr . 
  now ussr has gone , that is true , but russia is still there , so are all the usual european and global suspects that use heavy power over small countries . 
  the only way for a small country to protects its independence and increase its freedoms are to ally or join an bigger entity . 
  what country ... gee ... finland . 
  example of how independent countries can be when they have a powerful neighbor that is also very aggressive . 
  when the ussr tells you to jump , you jump . 
  your independence is to decide either to jump when the ussr tells you , or try to anticipate and jump before it tells you to jump . 
   can california manage its own army and dictate foreign policy ? 
  nope . 
  can finland ? 
  yes . 
  this is the kind of leap we 're making here . 
  actually to further your point , you have to ask does finland event want to manage its own army and dictate foreign policy . 
  because if we look at our recent history , our foreign policy was largely dictated by the ussr . 
  after the collapse of the ussr we took cover under the eu and it has shielded us pretty effectively against resurged russia . 
  not to mention that finnish army could withstand russian army more or less two weeks whichafter all fighter planers would have zero ammunition left , if in any case there was still planes flying . 
  so managing your army and foreign policy are moot points for a small country . 
  well if you look at the history of the eu , it has been on a path of ever closer union for long , and as time has passed the integration speed has just increased . 
  just think about single market was established in 1992 , and single currency in 1999 . 
  it is very realistic to think that eu will in the next 20 - 30 integrate foreign and security policy . 
  at least in that point people have to accept the fact that eu is a federation , actually it is already quite much a federation even today . 
  so you are saying that you would n't regret at all if the eu would use guilliotine clause ? 
   wrong . 
  look at the united states btw . 
  i think states give 30 % of their income to the federal government . 
  look at germany etc. 
  it is necessary . 
  and , are you saying the us and german are socialist states ? 
  it is currency unions 101 . 
  and alabama is still a third world state and former east germany is still a mess . 
  you do n't fix problems by pumping money into them . 
  you let markets to do their job . 
  countries and regions who make bad decisions and wo n't enact market friendly enviroment will continue to suffer until they change their policies . 
   hahaha - i 'll believe that when i see the finns give up their indpendence in a vote . 
  what year are you going to abandon it ? 
  there will be no vote . 
  finland is a parliamentary republic and it will be made very sure that no refenredum wo n't happen again . 
  it is against our traditions . 
   other finns - play with me do you all agree that the finns will have no problem to give up their independence as long as they can speak finnish ? 
  hahaha , even now , when you give 1 % the true finns are soaring .
