  true , it also includes threatening third world countries with invasion , but that again needs a common european army . 
  in case of external trade and especially us , us is n't the most easiest trade partner , they are hugely protectionist . 
  let us not forget the us steel tariffs that bush set , fortunately the eu got the americans backing down after threatening to set tariffs against products produced in key election states . 
  the blame why eu and us do n't have a free trade agreement is more on the us side . 
  there actually is single european foreign policy , it is called external trade . 
  it is n't big jump to have an common foreign policy , having european army would make easier to have common foreign policy . 
  not to mention that european army would be less costly than up keeping 27 different armed forces that have many overlapping functions . 
   yeah right , it 's russia 's fault . 
  and the fact that us still did n't normalized trade relations with russia is also it 's fault . 
  russia submitted it 's bid to join wto 19 years ago . 
  if russian elites did n't whant to enter they would n't bother asking for it . 
  it is . 
  to become a wto member you have to make quite a big changes on how your own internal markets work , and how you treat your external trade . 
  the fact is that russia did n't want to make these changes , and thus negotiations were stuck for ages . 
  the reason why russia finally made necessary changes was due to both china becoming a wto member and the eu pooling their trade relations together . 
   so why us could n't sign same pacts with baltic states without expanding nato 's borders ? 
  secret pacts are worse than making a public pact . 
  the reason why finland and sweden have n't jointed the nato , especially why finland has n't joined it , is because it is seen better to wait formation of the eu army that will take over common defence , maybe form a european part of the nato . 
   you 're mad if you think that russia does n't have military power . 
  russia is still number two military power in the world . 
  it currently has a third largest military budget , but they have inherited so much military equipment from the soviet union that it will take decades for china to catch up . 
  and to say that russia does n't have resources is pretty ridiculous considering that russia has a largest reserves of pretty much any natural resources in the world . 
  military power comes from economic power . 
  you need money to develop and manufacture all needed equipment , to train men and keep everything up to date . 
  just take a look to gdp nominal ... * european union , 17.6 trillion us dollars * united states , 15.0 trillion * china , 7.2 trillion * japan , 5.8 trillion * brazil , 2.4 trillion * russia , 1.8 trillion the more you are able to produce , the more you money to put on your armed forces . 
  this is the reason why us can afford to have 11 super , and the reason why soviet union could n't have any . 
  money equals powers . 
  in the 21th-century the centres of world will be us , china and europe , other potential power centre will be india if they are able to keep their current growth trajectory up . 
  the thing about russia and its economy is that even if the country would have the same gdp per capita as united states , it still would n't have even half the size of economy that the us has , that is just a fact of population count . 
  another thing is that russian economy is based on commodities that are quickly loosing their value due to both new technology and new ways to produce materials . 
  for example us is fast becoming self-sufficient in oil and gas , europe too is becoming more energy diverse and with technology such as fracking becoming more developed , it can also become more energy independent . 
  in case of russian equipment inherited from the soviet union , most of it is obsoleted . 
  in the first gulf war us forces overran iraqi forces that were mostly equipped with soviet equipment . 
  the same is true with nuclear forces , you need active upkeep and research to make sure that your nuclear weapons and missiles actually work . 
  french and brits can hardly upkeep their nuclear arsenal , and they have much bigger economies than russia . 
  i really would n't count much on old equipment , it was n't good even when it was new . 
   plus they did n't had a luxury of being invited in eu and wto . 
  and considering that they 've done a pretty good job recently especially if you compare them to kazakhstan , ukraine , tajikistan , belarus ... russian accession to wto did n't happen earlier because russian elites did n't want it . 
  the same is true with the eu , russian elites do n't want it . 
  and there is simple reason for this , if russia would have opened its economy like other eastern european countries did , western companies would have in an instance taken over the whole economy . 
   un should ensure their independence . 
  for some reason finland and sweden are not scared about being occupied by anyone . 
  un and what army ? 
  finland and sweden are both scared on being occupied and that is why they have modern armies . 
  finland has conscription army of 237 thousand , however there are weapons for easily half a million man . 
  ground forces also have adequate amounts of leopard 2 battle tanks and other combat vehicles . 
  finnish air forces are equipped with f-18s and they just made an order to get air-to-ground missiles from us allow them to strike relatively deep inside russian territory . 
  not to mention that for example helsinki has a secret underground tunnel network to allow the army effectively fight any invasion to it . 
  we should n't also forget that there may or may not be secret pacts with other countries . 
  for example i have heard that in the 90s when finland was negotiating ordering new fighters , one american general said that for any fighter shot down , there would be a replacement fighter for free . 
   so your argument is that us can have a sphere of influence and russia ca n't because us have a sphere of influence and russia do n't . 
  solid logic here ... russia does n't have the power . 
  us is a super power , eu does have the economy to become a super power if it wants to , china will become a super power in next 50 years . 
  the fact of the matter is that russia does n't have any resources to compete against these behemoths . 
  russia cutting gas would first of all screw them , europe is the only customer that they have that is willing to pay full market price . 
  not to mention that there are other gas suppliers and biggest eu countries have their strategic gas stocks . 
  if the european union had a single army , this and many other r&d projects could be easily funded from defence budget . 
  if producing something is n't profitable enough , then the only correct decision is to shut it down . 
  it is better for the company , it is better for the economy and it is better for the state . 
  industrial renewal does n't mean that state needs to give artificial respiration to dying industries , industrial renewal means advancing growth of new industries . 
  that is up to people of \u00c5land to decide . 
  they have the freedom to choose so , but the separatist party only got 9.7 % of votes in the last elections . 
  if \u00c5land ever decides to part ways with finland , my guess is that they would want to become independent , not to join sweden . 
  the reason for this is that if \u00c5land would be part of sweden , it would only be one small and faraway region with other swedish regions . 
  currently as part of finland it enjoys autonomy and has large freedom to decide how it wants to resolve things . 
  i would bet that if continental finns would be asked about \u00c5land , relative more people than in the \u00c5land islands would want them to become independents . 
  this is largely because they are wrongly or rightly seen as waste of money , as ungrateful pacifists who make it hard to defend the islands and as people who would rather seclude themselves from the rest of the world . 
  i really do n't think that there would be any tears in finland , if \u00c5landers would decide to become independent . 
  of course on the condition that finnish and swedish armed forced would jointly protect the sanctity of the island . 
  \u00c5land is unfortunately a little bit strategically important place for both finnish and swedish . 
  you are now equating britain to china . 
  very well . 
  if the island next to finland was inhabited few hundred years by chinese , and who would want to be part of the prc , then that would be their right to be part of it . 
  do also remember that most european countries , including finland , have lost regions and lands that have been inhabited by the people singe ages , and this was just about 60 years ago . 
  of course finnish and the finnish state could argue and protest against russian on annexing karelia and demanding that current inhabitants either move away or start speaking finnish , but that would be waste of time , not to mention that two wrongs do n't make one right . 
  land belongs to the people that inhabit it . 
  what you are basically saying is that finns are going to make suicides anyway , so it is waste of money to spend money in finland to prevent them , and instead use the money in southern europe to prevent people committing suicide who would n't otherwise do it . 
  that is what you are arguing . 
  so it is better that finnish economy drives faster , generates more money , costs some people their life 's , so that more money can be transferred to other places that are much more happier ... 
  at the end of the day it all comes down to numbers . 
  finnish 17.3 suicides vs. 2.8 suicides per 100000 inhabitants in greece . 
  that is the issue in here . 
  you ca n't disregard that . 
  as long as you are in the eu , you are in the eu , and the obligation of the eu is to protect and advance your interests . 
  not to mention that in this case this is an value issue , do we defend freedom of islanders , or do we allow argentina to practice aggressive nationalism . 
  i think the case is very clear . 
  that is as good argument as making noise about austerity increasing suicides in crisis stricken countries . 
  the fact of the matter is that finland has a highly competitive and meritocratic society , it rewards well people who can succeed , but it forsakes people who for different reasons are unable to compete or succeed . 
  currently 8 % of the population is using anti-depressants , and the rate is increasing year by year . 
  now the finnish economy is very successful and that has resulted to very high gdp per capita , but the down side is that there has been human sacrifices to pay for it . 
  if in the eu level people are making noises about human sacrifices in crisis stricken countries , then it is only fair that emphasis is given to same kind of suffering in economically more successful countries . 
   actually yes , because french construction companies got paid hundreds of millions for it , and german companies like siemens continue to provide the trains . 
  also , when you go to athens you are no longer required to wait for buses or pay expensive taxi rides . 
  so it 's a win-win situation for all of us . 
  in a construction project most of the costs come from materials , and those materials are in finite supply . 
  you ca n't use the same cement that was used in athens metro to build a new metro line helsinki . 
   actually no , because the deficits of the south are the surpluses of the north . 
  the surpluses of the north have the result of finland and other countries borrowing cheaper on the markets . 
  i was in the minority when i discussed this with other germans some time ago , but now many of them understand this aspect of the crisis . 
  the reason finland has trade and balance of payments surplus is thanks to its export industries that are able compete globally .
