  if anything dubious is found , insurance company will also get the information . 
  this way there is no need to check if social security payments of one has been paid . 
  better yet this kind of system is cheaper because it relies on computers to do the work and heavy lifting . 
  is n't registering to the welfare department of local authorities an unnecessary step ? 
  would n't it be more efficient to just admit all people to public healthcare facilities and concentrate efforts on monitoring that employees and employers pay their share to the fund ? 
  while jobs have been lost do to automation or outsourcing , many more jobs have been created especially in service industries . 
  for example in here there has been constant need for more caretakers and nurses , also in transportation sector there has been need for more employees . 
  not to mention constant labor shortages in the it sector for the last 10 years . 
  there is much work to be done in our society . 
  what the society needs to do is to activate people to move from one job into another . 
  there really is n't any reason that for example a construction worker could n't via re-education become truck driver or a caretaker/nurse . 
  i have to disagree . 
  people can become passive and depressed very easily , for example just by having bad luck happen for a period of time , or failing in their attempts to better their situation , or failing to achieve something due to unreal expectations . 
  whatever the cause is , people start to optimize their lives , one way to make their life better is stop trying : people reason that no matter what they do , they wo n't succeed , and thus it is better not to even try , at least then they do n't experience another failure . 
  now what right i have to judge ? 
  well , as a human being i mourn for a life that was n't lived , a life that person in question could have lived happily , if he/she had n't become alienated from the rest of the society . 
  as a tax payer i 'm disappointed that other people do n't carry their burden of keeping the society working . 
  from both point of views , it is necessary that society intervenes and helps people to get hold of their lives and become active and productive members of the society . 
  official gdp figures usually do n't take into account underground economy . 
  i have to say that this is a good question to which i do n't unfortunately have any answer . 
  edit . 
  based on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_national_income_in_the_european_union ) , the list of items that are taken into account when calculating gni , it does seem that underground economy is not calculated . 
  the problem with basic income guarantee is that we can easily end up into a situation where a substantial number of people will essentially drop out from the active society . 
  instead of trying to figure ways to find work or become more suitable to working , they optimize their own life , by lowering expectation and finding creative ways to fill-out their needs . 
  this actually is partial reality even today , at least in here . 
  now this definitely is more humanitarian way of providing assistance and it has lower overhead costs , that is great . 
  however with basic income guarantee there should come some mandatory mechanism that would make sure that people just do n't stay home due to their own free will . 
  this is number one priority to solve . 
  if you can find remedies to activate people efficiently , then definitely this should be looked as one real option . 
  the eu contributions are largely based on gni , gross national income , per capita nominal . 
  for example in 2011 gni per capita was ... * 60,390 $ - denmark * 48,420 $ - finland when you take these figures in account , difference in contributions start to make sense . 
  another thing to note is that custom and farm trade duties should n't be calculated as contributions from a member state , because imported goods and items seldom stay in the port country , but are then shipped all over the eu . 
  for example netherlands collected $ 2.58 billion in duties , compare this to france that collected only $ 2.09 and $ 4.6 of germany . 
  when looking at these figures , it somehow seems that netherlands could be this giant transport hub for imports and exports . 
  actually i have to say that it is hugely unfair that countries can keep 25 % of import duties as administrative fees . 
  we live in a single markets , imports that were shipped to country a can be transported to country b , but country b never receives any of the administrative fees from import duties . 
  does n't seem right . 
  actually you do need it . 
  the reason for this is because most debt owned by latvians is euro denominated . 
  that means that if and when the latvia is hit by economic crisis , it ca n't devalue its currency because doing so will automatically mean huge number of individuals , companies and banks going bankrupt . 
  that is game over for the economy . 
  now the reason why latvians have taken so many euro denominated loans is because latvia like other developing economies is a capital poor country . 
  that means that latvian state ca n't shut-down foreign capital out of the country , because then there would be no capital fund future growth . 
  the good thing about joining the euro is that it will remove currency risks associated with foreign capital , all those loans denominated in euro will now be free of currency risk . 
  removal of this risk will also increase stability of the local market which will in time allure more foreign capital and investors in to the country . 
  do remember that even bigger and more developed economies have played themselves out of the markets , finland , sweden and uk were all out speculated in the beginning of 90s . 
  the only way to remove currency risks is to use a currency that is so large and widely used that market fluctuations do n't have any relevant meaning for the local economy . 
  that is not going to solve the unemployment problem . 
  that is only going to drive up wages up for highly educated and skillful professionals that already have work . 
  the problem in europe is that there are lots of unskilled or low skilled labor unemployed . 
   i am lucky enough to study at an university , but plenty of people do n't get that far . 
  most of them roll into jobs in which you ca n't make a career and while you can debate their life choices and all that , the time that you could climb the ladder in most companies seems to be mostly gone . 
  people talk about a glass ceiling , but there seems to be a new one made out of paper . 
  why is it bad that you ca n't make a career ? 
  for most of the people a job is just a way to pay bills , not the driving force behind their lives . 
  and for those who want to have more meaning , they can either become experts at their job , or become entrepreneurs and try to find their own way . 
   everywhere around me i see healthy companies being ruined because of the money flowing to the top and then out of the company . 
  i 'm not saying a manager should earn the same amount as a janitor , but the current trend seems very unhealthy . 
  if it is really unhealthy then those companies will be out competed by competitors that know better how to organize their way to work . 
   why is that funny . 
  people want jobs and safety more than they want the opportunity to get filthy rich . 
  that was n't the comparison . 
  i compared our current situation where people get unemployment benefits to a situation where they are instead forcefully employed by the state . 
  why do some people want the state to forcefully employe people ? 
  why is it bad that you have the freedom to find a job by yourself ? 
  from my point of view if you are digging that ditch 8 hours a day , you for sure ai n't time nor energy to actually concentrate on finding a real job . 
  and no , the state founding new industries is n't helpful either , it will only lead into state wasting money on projects that private businesses have found unprofitable . 
  for example here in finland most pulp and paper mills that were closed in 00s were those that the state had dictated to be founded , the private sector already in the 70s said that it is waste of time to build those mills in places where the state wanted to put them . 
   and there is still quite a bit of innovation in countries that have a strong safety net . 
  the payout for for instance starting your own company is lower , but the risk is also lower , so you are sure you wont end up on the street . 
  actually for entrepreneurs risks are considerable , because there is no legislation for personal bankruptcies like there is in the us , and because there are strict procedures for ex-entrepreneurs to qualify for benefits . 
  i find it funny that people would rather prefer having a society where the state tells you where to go to work , or in worst case invents a job for you to do . 
  essentially it would mean , if you do n't find a job quickly enough , you go on to dig a ditch in some god forsaken place for the sake of having some kind of job , regardless of does anybody need that ditch or not . 
  but then again , maybe it is human nature . 
  every population has that 5-10 % of people who are by nature entrepreneurial , lately when reading some comments i have started to think that maybe there are also another 5-10 % of people in the opposite end of gaus distribution that need someone else to tell them what to do . 
  money is the best way to impact , it pays up for ... * unemployment benefits for those not working * cost of re-education if needed * healthcare if needed but when looking at your original comment . 
  is the thing that you are complaining that there are n't enough interesting or worthwhile jobs ? 
  if so , then you are lucky that you are living in this day and age when even non interesting work pays enough money to live a nice life . 
  compare our world for example to 70s and you see a stark difference . 
  that concept is called paying your taxes . 
  so again , what is the problem ? 
  so what are you complaining ? 
  if you have knowledge and know-how you can step higher on that `` ladder '' . 
  [ taxi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqsqdta4two ) [ taxi 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkmz75bwhcg ) [ taxi 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ejnib14rmu ) [ taxi 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9kdtzvn2jm ), 
  in hindsight i should have excluded co-operatives . 
  co-operatives where i 'm a customer member function like any other corporation . 
  actually my current employer , a join stock company listed in helsinki stock exchange , was originally co-operative . 
  anyways , good point , what i would really like to see on how does parts that make industrial and consumer goods work . 
  how do they conduct r&d and how do they keep up efficiency up , for example competing with the chinese producers . 
  that is n't hardly amazing . 
  most work places would become more efficient with self-organization , and accidentally that is why many corporations give lots of leeway for people to work and organize themselves . 
  however , what i would want really to hear from people praising for collective workers ownership , on how on earth would they organize and make r&d intensive megacorporation like ibm or intel working . 
  it is one thing to talk about making a company more efficient in 30s , than it is in todays world even small firms are globally connected and networked their r&d and production activities together in ever changing and revolving forms . 
  i have friends still studying for their m.sc.econ . 
  and few of them could be described as liberatarians and as not right-wing freaks even thought they are definately right winger , althought not freaks :-d on the other hand , non of my friends , including me , who have graduated and moved to corporate world would identify being libertarians , most believe to the wellfare state but want to make some adjustments for it to work more efficiently . 
  libertarianism is a-okay in my books , but when people take it to its logical end , to anarcho-capitalism , then i 'm afraid it really does n't offer tools to solve problems , but gaters a vision of an utopian society , utopian in a sense that it does n't work , and that is because it does n't count that people are inherently flawed , they are irrational actors . 
   what are problems the countries in financial crisis have in common ? 
  china . 
  domestic producers in southern european countries have been hit by ever increasing competition coming from china and other developing countries . 
  this has nothing to do with value of euro , as producers in developing countries have such a high scale of economy and cost advantage that devaluations or increase of pay in countries such as germany would n't help a bit .
