  there has n't been enough austerity . 
  the greek state should have just lashed budget deficit completely away in 2010 by downsizing public sector until they would have reached the bottom . 
  you do understand that the world has changed around greece since the inception of euro quite dramatically . 
  for instance ... * there is increased competition in tourist business by countries such croatia , bulgaria and romania who have clear cost advantage against greece , for example the gdp nominal per capita of croatia is half that of greece . 
  would you be willing to half your gdp in order to compete with these countries ? 
  * low cost manufacturing industries have more or less completely disappeared from europe due to china , india and north-africa out competing them out of the market by both using scale of economies and low costs . 
  * the cost of energy have increased in the last 20 years and will continue to do so in the future . 
  if your economy is not growing as fast as the price of energy does , your economy starts to suffocate and you have to sacrifice living standards to be able to afford it . 
  the only way to increase or at least maintain living standards in greece is to follow other europe and specialize more and more to high-tech and high-spec industries while advancing growth of service industries from tourism to higher value services . 
  however to do greece would have to abandon large public sector and become more like eastern european countries that have embraced capitalism and free market economy . 
  the only problem of that option is that as whole it is `` do n't pay back a dime , leave the eu tomorrow , go back to the drachma , become instantly a poor third world country '' . 
  you ask why ? 
  ... well for the very simple reason that the new dracma would n't be worth anything , they could n't import anything with it : no oil , no gas , no coal , no nothing . 
  the simple reason why neo-liberal policies are offered as remedies as they are the only ones that provide way to retain at least some of the living standards the greeks have used to accustom . 
  same with me , the only exception being nokia phones and that is because my employers and largely it-industries fortunes in my country are so intertwined with the success of the company . 
  grand plans are grand pr . 
  real life is an iterative process where progress is made by taking small continuous steps . 
  this is not only true with the eu and the current crisis in the eurozone , but also with other countries and crisis . 
  for example finland had even worser depression in the beginning of 90s than sweden , and the way the country came out of it was n't based on some long term plan , it was based on putting out small fires and surviving into the next day step by step . 
  from the point of view of today , the policy decisions may seem to have some grand design behind them , but in reality they did n't , it was luck that correct decisions were made and even more luck that we had nokia that pooled the country into new growth . 
  what goes to eurozone , there ca n't and should n't be any grand plan to settle the mess in greece . 
  the reason is simple , let me quote donald rumsfeld ...  there are known knowns ; there are things we know we know . 
  we also know there are known unknowns ; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know . 
  but there are also unknown unknowns -- the ones we do n't know we do n't know . 
  thus to make a grand plan is setting one to fail as there are too many things we do n't know and too many unknown unknowns . 
  instead of hashing out an grand plan , we must truest ourselves on the historic tradition of the eu , that is discussing about problems and solutions to them , taking iterative steps and when ready , making bigger changes . 
  that recipe has worked for the last 60 years and transformed europe being what it is . 
  and lastly , if the eurozone crashes it will take the eu with it , and it will not be rebuilt , it will be replaced by inward looking nation states engaged to nationalism instead of internationalism or globalism . 
  in a worst case scenario , the brake up of the eu will take the whole world economy with it and launch a new era of protectionism crashing the global trade . 
  the only way out of the crisis is to build upon what we already have and continue on the road of integration - there is no other way . 
  you as a swede should probably realize very well how vital it is for your national economy that everything goes smoothly in the eurozone . 
  if there is a large financial and banking crisis in the eurozone : a ) it will initiate a banking crisis in sweden too , the swedish banks are very vulnerable to situation in the eurozone ; b ) it will cause recession in the industry as much of the swedish industry is tightly linked into success of central european firms and markets . 
  it is in the self interest of sweden to make sure that nothing bad happens in the eurozone , that is why you have been asked to contribute for the common cause , you do n't have to contribute , but it is in your best interest . 
  what goes to the imf , it is up to the imf to decide on how they use money and resources entrusted to them . 
  in case of the eu budget , again most of the eu budget is contributed by the eurozone states . 
  and again , i would like to emphasize that this is n't a money question , this is a question of management and philosophies involved in the managing of the euro area . 
  it is more healthier to think this whole crisis as an birth pains of an federal europe as that is what this crisis will transform the eurozone . 
  actually not . 
  the eurozone must decide by themselves what do they want to do , and then if their plan involves other countries present their case to them . 
  anyways the $ 60 billion that could come from using eu budget as collateral is such a small amount of money that the eurozone can always organize their way around it . 
  let us remember that the eurozone crisis is n't actually financial crisis of the eurozone , but a management crisis that is due to different states having different views on how to manage financial and banking crisis in member states . 
  the ecb could easily do quantitative easing or even monetize debt and do a complete bail-out of all troubled entities , if the eurozone states would have political will to do it . 
  in the end this whole crisis will solve itself . 
  eurozone countries will eventually come together on what to do and when they arrive on that decision , the other eu states are free to like it or dislike it as they have no say in it : the interests of 300 million people and 17 states will trump any and all opposition . 
   the efsf can issue bonds or other debt instruments on the market with the support of the german debt management office to raise the funds needed to provide loans to eurozone countries in financial troubles , recapitalize banks or buy sovereign debt . 
  [ 5 ] emissions of bonds would be backed by guarantees given by the euro area member states in proportion to their share in the paid-up capital of the european central bank ( ecb ) . 
   the $ 440 billion lending capacity of the facility may be combined with loans up to $ 60 billion from the european financial stabilisation mechanism ( reliant on funds raised by the european commission using the eu budget as collateral ) and up to $ 250 billion from the international monetary fund ( imf ) to obtain a financial safety net up to $ 750 billion . 
  [ 6 ] [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility ), 
  you are in for a large let down . 
  european union is n't going to disappear or devolve into trading block , it is going to continue its historic evolution of becoming an ever closer union . 
  the key reason for this development is that it suites european states for various reasons and unless these reasons change or loose their importance , the european union will push ahead . 
  what could the government do differently ? 
  you do n't have the same or comparable production infrastructure that for example sweden or finland have , or wide variety and number of high-tech/high-spec homegrown multinationals . 
  in time of course you will have them , but not now , and to get them easily take another 20 or 30 years . 
  you do have to remember that different countries start from different base levels , estonia due to being part of the ussr started from a very low point . 
  just for example sweden created their welfare state in 40s and 50s while finland could only afford to do it in 70s and 80s , and almost went bankrupt for it in the beginning of 90s . 
  it is not a pr piece , estonia truly is an economic miracle and a nice country . 
  what you have to understand is that they were part of the soviet union for over 50 years , which ruined them completely . 
  after they became independent again , they did n't have no competitive industries , nor did they have natural resources or large markets near them . 
  they only had their people . 
  now while their gdp per capita ( nominal ) is only 14405 $ , which is far away from germany ( 40274 $ ) or finland ( 44496 $ ) their northern sister country , it is much more than other ex-soviet states that have no oil or gas revenues , for example ukraine ( 3013 $ ) or belarus ( 5771 $ ) . 
  and if estonia will keep their strong growth rate they will sooner or later overtake old eu countries such as portugal ( 21542 $ ) . 
  except that no one in the moominvalley is actually evil , even the the groke is actually a good . 
  what the groke really wants is warmth and companionship , however due to his nature of freezing everything and everybody , he is feared . 
  there was a change in the finnish universities to make their degree programs compatible with the general european framework . 
  in short this meant that instead of directly studying to become master in 5 years , people now study first 3-4 years for bachelor and 2 years for their masters . 
  however the admission system stayed the same , thus when you apply into university and get accepted , you are accepted to both degree programs instantly , allowing much more integrated study package . 
  all in all i think that bologna process had a positive effect to the finnish higher education system . 
  it changed our system to resemble bit more of the american system . 
  hopefully in time our work market and culture also changes , so that people would first get their bachelor degree and then go to work and return to study if and when they need to . 
  * addition * there is adequate research funding coming from the state and private corporations , but that is mostly aimed on engineering and business schools and to studies that benefit and advance industry and technology . 
  other areas do of course get their funding , but the main emphasis on supporting industries . 
  what i have read is that most major european banks have already devalued their greek bonds by 50 % , only exceptions to this being dexia , bnp paribas and societe generale who have only made devaluation of approx 20 % . 
  some people have suggested that the greek default would happen next spring , that would give enough time for european banks to get added capital and allow the greek state a last effort to cut their budget deficit into a level where they can make default without halting the functioning of the state . 
  eu countries are not indebted to each others , they are indebted to a large number of private citizens , banks and various kinds of funds . 
  for example pension funds , where i and my employer are obligated by law to contribute a sum corresponding to 22 % of my wage , are obligated by law to invest into very safe investment instruments , usually to bonds issued by creditworthy governments . 
  if governments would renegade on their obligations , all my pension savings would be gone , same too with all people from janitors to managers . 
  of course a country can renegade on its debt , there is nothing anybody can do for that , but if it does , then nobody will invest to the loans of that country in the future . 
  and if there is a large scale renegotiation of government debts , states wo n't be trusted any more , causing money to flow into other investments . 
  anyway , the real problem is n't debt , it just a symptom of the real problem . 
  the real problem is that states are consuming more money than they earn , either they start to earn/tax more or they decrease their spending until they spend as much as they earn . 
  in some cases like for example greece , the only viable solution besides fixing their whole culture , is abandoning having a large scale government , shutting down everything besides police and the army , and becoming a low tax capitalistic state with no welfare or social services . 
  if people do n't want to pay for their services , they ca n't have them . 
  complicated social-networking systems are not cultural property of southern europe , they are cultural property of all undeveloped countries and regions . 
  all countries have in some point of their history had these kind of networks , but due to cultural and market evolution , people and countries have forsaken these practices , as they hinder the proper functioning of the market and the society . 
  for a country to develop and to become wealthy and successful , these kind of legacy cultural artifacts must be get rid off , the sooner the better . 
  there can be no toleration for corruption . 
  it was not only finland and netherlands that were against admitting romania and bulgaria to be part of the schengen area , other countries were also against it . 
  so against that they were n't now participation to the schengen area , but only limited access , where border controls would have stayed in the land borders , but not for example in the airports . 
  you also have to admit that romania and bulgaria are not ready to become part of the schengen area as they are too corrupted , and thus posses a security risk for the internal security of europe . 
  let me quote ... `` france 's minister for european affairs laurent wauquiez said in helsinki thursday that a premature entry of romania or bulgaria into the schengen zone could pose a security risk to europe . 
  `` if the database of information for the schengen area were to end up in the hands of international criminals , it could do away with all of european internal security , '' he said , referring to the schengen information system , a vast reservoir of data on european citizens that is used for border control and national security . '', 
  ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/finland-france.87v ) when romania and bulgaria become less corrupted , they can be admitted to be part of the schengen area , but not before . 
  * i probably wo n't get 3-5 % raise , but more likely somewhere along 2 % :-( * i ca n't afford to buy both stocks and a nice swiss watch next month , have to settle just buying stocks :-( * i had to settle buying nokia e7 and not the n9 :-( * my apartments value wo n't increase this year at all :-(, 
  if it is impossible to get a strong government to cut down corruption , would n't the only rational choice to cut down government size to its minimum , to only handle security and basic administration . 
  this way corruption would be cut down and fast as there would n't be anybody to be corrupted . 
  the problem is not the euro , the problem is that we do n't have common economic and financial management with needed institutions to take care of the situation . 
  for an example one way to solve at least partly the european financial crisis would be creation of an european bad bank backed up by the ecb . 
  this alone would resolve many problems as it would move the burden of rescuing troubled banking sector from the member state to the eu/ecb . 
  i really think that why we are still discussing about how we should deal about the crisis is because the solutions that we take will with good luck last hundreds of years , thus the decisions we make must be good , or else future generations of european will pay for our mistakes .
