  * finnish companies were fast loosing their competitiveness due to wages rising much faster their productivity . 
  for example in the end of 80s the biggest problem for foreman 's in companies were to retain their employees . 
  wages going up caused balance of payments going into red . 
  * finnish state expanded its services and benefits in very fast manner to become welfare state like sweden . 
  not to mention that finnish communities made large investments , many times purely wasting money . 
  eventually unfortunately boom times ended and it was time to settle the bill . 
  in my opinion the finnish bank save was n't exemplary nor even particularly well done . 
  yes , the bad bank were all bad properties and debts were put eventually turned profit . 
  yes , one whole bank group , the saving banks , were put into bankruptcy to reform the banking system . 
  however ... * banks , especially savings banks , were inspired by the state to mark down their credit losses more aggressively that would have been necessary or needed . 
  * this caused banks to drive more or less healthy businesses and individuals into bankruptcy , they could have re-negotiated loans or friezed loan payments , but instead due to short term motivations shut them down . 
  * there was lots of corruption in banks with dealing with customers . 
  many businesses and individuals were driven into bankruptcy and their properties were sold in ridiculously low prices to local bank managers relatives or buddies . 
  the only reason why the finnish bank saving is now seen exemplary is that the overall economy was healthy , there were high-tech and high-spec companies waiting their turn to take on the world and their emergence during the 90s made the economy to take off again . 
  unfortunately this masked the human tragedy that was caused by depression , and that could have been avoided if we would have had more market friendly laws . 
  i still ca n't understand why it is so damn hard to copy us bankruptcy chapters 13 , 11 and 7 into our laws ? 
  sounds just like finland during the booming times of the late 80s and during the depression of the beginning of 90s . 
  it also sounds like that spain is going to make the same mistakes as finland did : over indebted people are abandoned - no possibility to apply for personal bankruptcy ... 
  if there are any politically active spanish people reading this thread , i sincerely hope some of you take into your heart the matter of allowing people to make personal bankruptcy . 
  it is very important , because if it is not allowed , there will be huge amounts of people in the society who have no hope for the future . 
  even worse , many of the people who have no hope are natural risk takers , people who drive new enterprises and create new innovations to market , if these people are n't given hope , they wo n't ever become active and try again . 
  another thing about enabling personal bankruptcies is that the only way to make people and politicians to change their attitude about it is to argue that personal bankruptcies ... * minimize economic damages and maximize possible future returns * help to create entrepreneur and business friendly environment * is essential part of strong american capitalistic market economy . 
  if personal bankruptcies are tried to advertise as something that is socially just or something that punishes big corporations and banks , then that rhetoric will doom the whole thing . 
  the only way to achieve a change is to promote it being market friendly , something that a market friendly and enterprising future spain would need to have . 
  i would vote a conservative , i do n't want to live in communist europe . 
  this would actually be a good idea , because racism does exists . 
  let me give you few examples ... 
  i was in a bar along with my two somali female friends , and out of nowhere comes a somali guy , approx . 
  10 years younger than us , and asks and wonders on why nice somali girls them hang with me . 
  i politely informed that they are my friends , the girls themselves informed him not on so politely to mind his own business ... and in facebook i noted that my somali friend had put pictures from her birthday party to her account , and her niece asked how are these fucks , meaning her friends that happened to be white . 
  my friend , again in not so polite terms told her how things are . 
  however , i do have to note that both the guy and the niece were n't from finland , they were from sweden . 
  so yes please , anti-racism classes should be thought in school because we , both natives and immigrants , need them if we are going to have a nice society where different things and people work together . 
  does n't work for various reasons ... * cultures between various member states are quite different . 
  just look at [ hofstede dimensions ] ( http://geert-hofstede.com/countries.html ) . 
  * while decision making would be more straight forward in the federal level , there would be serious inside these newly found states . 
  you just need to observe current differences between near by member states , for example sweden is n't in euro but finland is , and the reasons to this can be found from culture , values , self-image , world view , etc. . * by creating new structures , you essentially dismantling structures that already work . 
  why brake something that already works ? 
  another thing is that why there should be 5-6 states with equal populations ? 
  current eu works very well , because it has ever varying blocks of countries , for example finland has supported hard line in case of loaning money to troubled countries , essentially being in the same block with germany . 
  however in case of how ecb should be used , the finland opinion is probably nearer to italy than it is to german one . 
  the thing is that usually major countries will have different stands , and smaller countries gather around or pressure bigger countries to move here or there to gain their support , and then based on that bigger blocks will negotiate . 
  there are few problems with wealth tranfers . 
  first of all moving wealth from one place into another does n't create any incentive for the receiving party to use the money wisely or do other necessary things to create growth . 
  secondly the current euroarea crisis is n't about wealth , it is about economic transformation happening in some member states which many are quite wealthy . 
  even so , if the eu/euroarea would have wealth transfers , they would be likely going to east , not south . 
  we should n't either forget that the eu already has structural and cohesion funds that benefit less developed and wealthy member states . 
  the good thing about these funds are that receiving member states have to put their own money too into projects , thus ensuring that at least some economic thought is put into these . 
  lastly , wealth transfers in my honest opinion are form of admitting that some states and places wo n't ever catch up , and this is pretty foreign idea to me . 
  it is already ming boggling that northern countries that have long winterns and harsh conditions have more wealth than southern that are actually better located and have better conditions overall . 
  actually the average joe does understand that printing money causes inflation which causes him to have less value for his money . 
  actually the problem with average joes are that they do n't understand that not all printing of money causes inflation . 
  for example now in the euroarea without ecb interventions we would be having deflation running around , and that causes damages too . 
  but lets go back to why printing money is better option than loaning money to troubled states . 
  the good thing about printing money is that it is transparent , everybody knows what is being done , and in what scale . 
  compare this to loaning money where there hangs great uncertainty over debt , for example lets ask a simple question , how much debt does the finnish state has ? 
  there are basically two answers to this , the total amount , and the amount minus money loaned via esm and esfs . 
  so which is it , the one or the other - and this here is the problem , there is no definitive answer , and thus there is added uncertainness in the market . 
  there is also added uncertainness on what are the limits of the finnish state , where does it say no more , again more uncertainness for the markets . 
  not to mention that the common people are mixed up on how much the state owns and what is the financial position of the state . 
  not good i would say . 
  of course it is another question on should there be any bailouts , but in my honest opinion a single market and single currency without authority and ability to bailout troubled states and banks and other financial institutions is n't an area that is going to survive long term . 
  there will always be crises , we need to have mechanism to cope with them . 
  today in trouble are mainly southern states , however there is no guarantees that for example germany would n't be in trouble someday . 
  for example i 'm seeing alarms on the state of long term german economy , there is too much debt ( 82 % ) coupled with unmanageable energy policies ( no nuclear , only subsidies wind and solar ) coupled with too low birth rates ( who is going to work and pay the pensions ) , etc. . . what we need to do is to have ways to deal with even bailouts of big states like germany , otherwise there is no future for the eurozone/eu . 
  the political concensus is pretty much against eurobonds - the finnish tax payer must not be made responsible for debt of others . 
  on the other hand there is emerging opinion that money should be printed , of course in resonable quantities and with strict supervision . 
  the latest person to suggest this was the finnish president . 
  the cabinet has n't made any noices , but i would think they prefer it much more than continuing with esfs/esm which essentially are ways to share debts and risks involved . 
   you are going to far here when invoking morality . 
  should , for example , the saudi government be given all information it demands on citizens that live in some european country ? 
  we ca n't just wiretap our citizens , but the saudi government may be able to do that to citizens in their own country . 
  so , when they ask us to do it to a saudi citizen in our country , should we comply ? 
  totally different case . 
  in case of swiss banking secrecy we are talking about people that are not citizen of switzerland nor are they residents there . 
   an example more related to the topic would be a russian citizen , maybe he 's a jurnalist , that has his cash on swiss bank accounts because his government is a little authoritarian , and gives jurnalists a hard time . 
  that way , in case they crack down on him , he might be lucky , might not be imprisoned imediatly , he has some founds outside the country he can use to gtfo . 
  or maybe his family , at least , if he 's not so lucky . 
  should we give information about this person to the russian government too ? 
  both the eu with its member states and the usa are stable and strong democracies that respect human rights . 
   as other people on this thread already noted , it 's an issue of neutrality . 
  i could easily argue that , because of examples like the above , banks have the moral obligation to withhold information about customers . 
  there is value in privacy . 
  no they do n't . 
  banks are corporations whose function are sanctioned and regulated by the state . 
  if activities that banks engage are against national interests , then those activities need to be changed . 
   of course , this can also be exploited . 
  it 's an imperfect world . 
  but we can do things about it without just giving access to all that data . 
  like with the withholding tax . 
  that pretty much fixes the problems of tax evasions in most cases . 
  i 'm sorry , but your answers have only made me more aggravated . 
  i do hope that in the future eu will use all its power to crush not only swiss banks , but also the larger swiss economy with all means possible , for example denouncing eu-swiss trade deals . 
  you should n't be too unhappy about this , because the eu would after all just be protecting its citizens by from financial criminality . 
  the problem with your justification of swiss banking secrecy and administrative practises is that while the swiss people and state can select to protect privacy of its own citizens and residents , it does n't have any moral justification to do so to citizens of other countries . 
  for example if a finnish citizen does n't want to pay taxes to finland , then that persons needs to immigrate , and if that persons wants the finnish state to keep its nose out of that persons life , then that person needs to relinquish citizenship . 
  citizenship comes with rights and obligations , when the swiss state decides to protect another countries citizens privacy , then the swiss state is essentially enabling citizens to get out of obligations . 
  that is seriously wrong . 
   there are good arguments for cutting down on the public sector but that is not one of them . 
  unemployment is a problem , how does creating more help the private sector or anyone else for that matter ?
