  from reading post from southern europeans , it sounds like they would much rather erect big tariffs against imports and nationalize most of the big corporations ... for example how on earth it is possible that portugal still has a communist party ? 
  did n't they receive the memo , the free world won , the communists lost . 
  it is not that southern europeans are bad people , but they and southern nations have n't really lived up to the expectations . 
  they have good climate , good location , etc. . and still things just do n't work out . 
   cyprus is required to find 7bn euros ( # 6bn ; $ 9bn ) to get a 10bn-euro eu-imf loan . 
  cypriot officials now propose a state investment fund and special bond issue to raise 5.8 bn euros . 
  what i 'm wondering is how are n't these measures adding to the state debt ? 
  the reason why imf and eurogroup are not willing to loan more is because any more debt would make the total debt unsustainable . 
  so is the state investment fund a keyword for selling stakes at gas fields ? 
  and the special bonds , where are they tied to ? 
   the other 1.2 bn would be raised through privatisations and by increasing capital gains tax and the corporate tax rate . 
  that is good , but the problem is that the money is needed now , not tomorrow , today . 
  they have over one million inhabitants , that is quite enough work force for multiple industries . 
  the thing that failed them was to think that they were too small and needed to specialise , specialise too narrowly one might add . 
  the reason why for example nordic countries such as sweden , finland and denmark are economically successful is because they have diversified their industries , putting money to expand to new industries . 
  if they would have thought that they are too small , then they only would have few industries and not many . 
  letting banks go bankrupt is an option if you have enough money in the deposit insurance ... 
  if you do n't have , then that is not an option . 
  nationalizing and merging of banks is an option if you have money to do it . 
  in the case of latvia , latvia did n't have enough money at the beginning of 2008 , but what they did have was [ enough political determination ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-01-02/latvian-austerity-fervor-outstrips-imf-after-early-loan-payback.html ) to cut a deal with the imf . 
  in case of cyprus , the problem is that there does n't seem to be enough political determination to do what is needed . 
  for example is cyprus would have already cut down expenditure heavily and showed that in case increase its tax revenue , then the eurogroup and imf could have more willingness to negotiate with it . 
  the thing is the troika is only willing to loan 10 billion to cyprus is because anymore debt taken by the cypriot state would be unsustainable . 
  that means that even if cyprus would get loans from russia , that would n't change anything with the troika because they have calculated that cyprus can only take 10 billion more of new debt before the debt mountain becomes unsustainable . 
  the only thing that the cyprus can do with russians is sell them something , because that would n't increase their debt . 
  however a better question is , is that really something that is wise to do ... 
  yes and that is something that would be probably worked out when eu wide deposit guarantee scheme would be set up . 
  however the ability to use printed money to support the scheme should be last resort option , not something that would be used from the get go . 
  from the get go , eu and ecb would need to make a realistic guess on how much money they need and how much money different banks need to pay for it . 
  if that means that some banks go out of business , then that needs to happen . 
  the problem with eu wide deposit guarantee scheme is that we do n't have ... * effective way to calculate risks europe wide , thus we can put a number on how much banks need to pay for the scheme . 
  * banks in troubled countries just do n't have the money to contribute , nor do they insurance schemes have adequate amounts of money . 
   deposit insurance is important for the stability of the economy within the zone . 
  yes and it is more than needed because sepa will enable national european banks eventually to become truly pan european banks , the associated risks will be far too wide then for any member state to carry . 
  however the problem with creating european deposit insurance fund is that different countries have different risks and these needs to be taken into account when defining how much different banks need to contribute to the fund . 
  not to mention that in many countries there really is n't any real insurance fund , thus many member states and their banks could n't afford to move into a european deposit insurance fund . 
   the ecb has the ability to simply print money if need be ( aka . 
  use `` quantitative easing '' strategies ) in order to make account holders whole . 
  the problem with this is that there is the moral hazard for states not to fix problems . 
  for example if the ecb could have printed money and handed it down to spain , that would only have postponed the recession because there are actually some upper limits on how many useless airports and empty motorways a country needs . 
   if the cypriot pound was still the means of exchange on cyprus the problem would be solvable ( though the solution would be painful ) . 
  as it is , the situation is not solvable without the intervention of brussels . 
  they could either decide to save all the foreign depositors and save the banking sector , this could only be done by a major devaluation that would make every cypriot much poorer . 
  if they decided not to sacrifice their own citizens , then they would be finished as an banking hub . 
   the banking sector is already destroyed by the poor judgment of the bankers themselves . 
  anyone who has a good sum of money in the bank ( is not a `` kleinsparer '' with funds less than $ 100.000 ) knows the risks they 're taking as an investor in the institution , they probably have other wealth elsewhere in the world , and thus they can probably bear the brunt of a bank failure and their money being lost . 
  the banking sector was more or less destroyed by cypriot politicians inability to make a decision . 
  they should have acted a year ago , and now when they needed to make a decision , they should have done it in sunday . 
  the uncertainty will make much more bigger damages than just simply cutting it and moving on . 
  eu nor eurozone does n't have central deposit insurance system like the fdic in the us . 
  what the eu has done is to legislate what amounts member states can insure and what not . 
  this is done to curb unhealthy competition between member states in the banking and financial market . 
  member states are only ones who have obligations for depositors . 
  in this case it is the cypriot state , which is by the way is nearly bankrupt and does n't have any means to meet its obligations . 
  now the cypriot state of course could have let all the banks go bankrupt , allow savers to loose their monies , halt the whole economy and watch how much enterprise go bust in very short time , however they thought that this was a bad idea and decided to ask a loan from other eurozone countries and the imf . 
  what the ez and the imf did was grant a loan that they believe cyprus can still pay back someday , but not enough to save the entire banking sector . 
  now this puts politicians in cyprus in tight spot , if they do n't touch depositors under 100k , then they effectively destroy their whole banking sector by making all foreign depositors to abandon them in the future . 
  another option is to make everybody pay in a hope that foreign depositors are n't punished too much to make them leave meaning that the banking sector wo n't die . 
  the point in here is that it is the sole responsibility of the cypriot state on how it will deal with its banking crisis . 
  ez and imf can help with a loan , but they ca n't be required to write a blank check to the cypriot state , that would be pure madness . 
   i would say that the core problem in the design of these bailouts has been ethnocentrism . 
  german policymakers repeatedly agree to ( and in many cases , insist on ) bail out terms which are driving the mediterranean nations to the brink . 
  my sense is the reason for this is that germans have the idea in mind that all occidental countries kind of have the same values and sensibilities that germany does . 
  and the alternative was what exactly ? 
  the thing is that german decision makers have tried to do the best what they can make from this situation . 
  if they would n't have started to bailout countries it would have endangered the whole world economy and could have triggered depression . 
  the idea is to make it into another day somehow . 
   furthermore , i think it 's quite gullible for the germans to think that these other nations wo n't default on the loans being extended to them . 
  again here , i think the ethnocentrism of the driven , hard-working german mindset plays a part in blinding the policymakers . 
  that is actually something that policy makers do know , but ca n't say aloud . 
  finland for example has already protected itself by demanding collateral from greece which actually consists from an insurance against greek default , that was bit tricky for the finnish state to organize , but they actually pooled it off . 
   personally , i think that it will be a good day when the mediterranean nations finally admit defeat in the face of past mistakes and begin to withdraw from the common currency , letting the pieces fall where they may ( this will probably include defaulting on debts ) . 
  that defeat will mean that they abandon any hope of catching central and north european countries standard of living any time soon . 
  not to mention that brake up of the single currency would mean end of the european single market . 
  there can be no single market without single currency . 
  what growth prospect would southern european countries really have then ? 
  i hope the example that iceland has set will finally be taken seriously by others which face similar circumstances - like cyprus . 
  iceland did n't default debts . 
  what they did was to claim that icelandic deposit insurance does n't cover fully deposits made in foreign branches of their banks . 
  this was later confirmed by efta court . 
  not to mention that iceland needed loans from imf and even then had to put up currency controls . 
   honestly , if european nations do not want to actually become a federation under the banner of a single european national government , i do n't believe that a common currency is going to work out . 
  the usa and canada experience a constant flow of federal funds from rich parts of the country to poorer regions ; i sort of think that 's the natural state of affairs within a currency block . 
  i agree with folks i saw on zdf 's `` maybrit illner '' show a week or two back about the need for these other poorer nations to be able to devalue a local currency in order to become economically competitive . 
  why ? 
  estonia , slovakia , czech republic etc. . . are growing fast and will over take old eu member states such as greece , cyprus and portugal in gdp per capita states figures in the following decade . 
  why should more money be directed from richer countries to poorer ones if the poor ones are already catching up and fast ? 
  not to mention that if eu would have more transfers , it would mean that countries such as greece , cyprus , spain , etc. . . would also contribute to transfers , not be net recipients of them . 
  i think the north vs south is more about individualist cultures vs. collective cultures , relatively speaking of course , all european cultures are individualistic compared to the rest of the world . 
  what has caused south problems is that they have copied too much societal structures directly from north without giving a proper thought on how will they work in the local cultural context . 
  i do n't think that the eu would care , if gazprom would takeover cypriot banks then there would be no need for europe to contribute money for the bailout . 
  another thing to note is that saving cypriot banks could be more than gazprom might handle . 
  it is not given that price of gas goes up , it could very well go down due to fracking , due to increase of liquid gas shipments and central europe requiring less gas than what has been projected . 
  if you want to do business inside the euroarea for example pay wages or bills then you need to have an account in a eurozone bank or in bank that participates to sepa system ... and eu did n't destroy the truest of the people . 
  it is not eus fault that cyprus was running a banking sector too large for it to ever handle in a time of crisis . 
  this is just another normal day at the market . 
  the game is what it is , it is not fair , it never has . 
  cyprus has been for long time been skimming other eu countries and russia by being a tax heaven and allowing laundering of money . 
  there would be no crisis in cyprus if the people and the govermeant would n't have condoned this . 
  but they did , because people profited from it .
