  if you dislike a submit or comment then downvote it . 
  but what you wo n't get is straight out banning of discussion . 
  that is the most stupidest thing to do . 
  if there are things to be discussed then they need to be out in the open . 
  not to mention that with banning discussion you will open pandora 's box . 
  heck , i hate communism , should we now ban all leftist discussion because after all communism is an ideologue of hate and has caused deaths of hundreds of millions of people . 
  how about that ? 
  if you start banning discussion then after a while there is nothing more than submissions about kittens and happy stories about happy people in happy world . 
  however all the happy thoughts do n't change the reality at all . 
  like i said before , if you ca n't this subreddit , then fuck off . 
  what the fuck ? 
  do you see a sign here saying `` not for muslims '' ? 
  you do n't . 
  the reason why you are here complaining is because you have personal crusade to do . 
  i do n't know for why and i do n't even care to know . 
  what i do know that in this subreddit there are much more heated discussions between north and south , between west and east , between right and left , etc. . . you do n't see russians demanding banning russophobic talk , you do n't see germans demanding derogatory nazi comparisons , etc. . . 
  if you ca n't stand free speech and straight shooting then fuck off . 
  you are the one who is demanding restricting discussion , the burden is on you . 
  alabama is still part of the third world , so there goes the second option . 
  europe is going to hell thanks to this kind political correctness . 
  what next , should there also be ban on straight talk in case it hurts someone 's feelings ? 
  how about you sod off if you ca n't handle it . 
  true , but that is what we are going to get if people abuse system like this . 
  what many nowadays do n't understand or want to take into consideration is that welfare states were created on the idea that they were to help you in a moment of need for a little while before you got a new job and could get back to your feet . 
  the whole thing was based on the idea that everybody would contribute by working , that nobody would be unemployed by their own will . 
  however , things have changed . 
  instead of people trying to contribute back to society by finding work , any kind of work , people concentrate on getting most out of the system , not on how they can give back most . 
  that is very serious development and if we do n't put stop on that then there comes a point where we have to give up these nice little things . 
  it will be these kinds of developments which will ensure that in few decades there wo n't be any welfare states left in europe . 
  abuse like this just begs for us to move into american styled system . 
  if portugal had made these reforms in the 00s , then it would n't be in this mess that it is now . 
  what troika has done is to set minimum reforms that need to be made in order for it to continue funding the portuguese state . 
  that does n't mean that these reforms are enough , or that these reforms will ensure that markets will be satisfied , and until markets are satisfied this crisis will continue . 
  what goes to you , you seem to be one of those people who think that the world owns you something , that you deserve something and if that means somebody other has to pay for it , then so be it . 
   when portugal did execute the tasks given to it . 
  the plan was simply bad , yet your stupid stereotypes and a troika like unwillingness to admit your worldview sucks , make you think that it was somehow the southerners that did n't implement it right or simply cheated about it . 
  first of all , what was the alternative plan ? 
  hand over more money for over a longer time period ? 
  that is a terrible good idea when taking into account that the portuguese economy has been stagnating for the last decade . 
  secondly , portugal has been very slow to perform reforms . 
  the labor market is still rigid and the whole environment unfriendly to businesses . 
  not to mention that the same inefficiencies in state bureaucracy are still there , what should have would have been to fire state employes and downsize the state until it finds a budget balance . 
  thirdly , what obligation does other countries have to help portugal ? 
  it was portuguese state that drove itself into a situation where it was either go into a default or get external help . 
  and if you think that my worldview sucks , well then , what are you going to do ? 
  crying does n't calm down markets and they have already made their judgement and wo n't move before things are changed for real . 
  how about you tell me whose fault is it then ? 
  are you going to blame the chinese on competing in same industry sectors as portuguese industries ? 
  are you going to blame germans and others countries on developing their competencies ? 
  how about international investors , maybe it is their fault . 
  and let me tell you , if you were not so ignorant and self-centric , you might know that other countries have been in very deep economic trouble . 
  finland for example in the beginning of 90s had a major depression where unemployment rose to 20 % , companies went bankrupt , etc. . . what the country did was to look into mirror and start fixing problems , no need to ask help from other countries or imf . 
  so fuck off and stop the self pity . 
  so let me get this right . 
  demanding responsibility from your own actions is considered now to be racist ? 
  what more is racists ? 
  is it racist to demand sound economic policies ? 
  how about the whole global economy , maybe the whole economy itself is racist ? 
  sod off . 
  portugal is a democracy , the problems in the portuguese economy are problems caused by that democracy . 
  the only ones to blame are the portuguese people on making poor political choices for the last decade . 
  creditors themselves have already left the building , and the ones who do give credit , give it with higher mark-ups due to higher risks . 
  if the portuguese people want to blame creditors then by all means they should default , but then the state will be bankrupt and there is nobody to loan and give money . 
  this is a free world , but having freedom does n't make you free from the consequences of your actions . 
  not all small economies are in trouble . 
  have you thought about that maybe there are valid reasons why some countries are in trouble and others are n't ? 
  in a sense troika should have given more time , but unfortunately time correlates to money and as that money comes from other member states that mainly loan it from the market , risks only grow higher the more time is spend . 
  with current arrangement the positive thing is that we are constantly checking up on what is happening . 
  based on experiences in portugal and greece , it seems that we need to reconsider our options as member states themselves seem to be incapable of executing tasks given to them . 
  there are two choices to continue from here on ... a ) member states keep their power to execute , but then have to carry consequences of their actions fully , in short they go bankrupt if they fail ; or b ) member states give up power to eu nominated agency that puts the state into a receivership . 
  why should n't rich people have the right to use money as they like ? 
  if the rich ca n't spend the money that they have , then what is there for others to aspire for ? 
  i work for small corporations , around 1000 people , most consultants and technical staff , we are publicly traded company . 
  there are other smaller firms that are publicly traded , smallest around 200-400 hundred persons . 
  however most small growing companies prefer to grow under protection of an capital investors than go straight out to stock exchange . 
  mcjobs for everybody . 
   i agree with you , but it 's still better than a $ 150,000 + home built from borrowed money no matter how it is looked at . 
  in other words ; a $ 150,000 loan default on the sheets of a failed lending institution that a government is now on the hook for looks about six times worse than a $ 25,000 grant to build a house for someone who is guaranteed not to default on any sort of large loan . 
  in this case , i think the spanish government probably sees it the same way too , considering the quagmire they 're currently in . 
  then the better option is to increase restrictions on banks loaning money . 
  not to mention that you do n't build a well build home even with 150,000 usd . 
  in finland materials for well build small 100sqm2 home will cost 132,000 eur , total cost with work included will be near 287,000 eur and that does n't include land . 
  the reason why you want your house to be well build is because it lasts longer , is more energy efficient , offer more amenities . 
  if you build cheap homes they wo n't last long and you will use more energy to make them liveable . 
   as for district heating and cooling ; that is a very culture and geographic-specific issue . 
  for a largely rural and agrarian part of a country , those are simply not viable things . 
  of course in an urban environment , the opposite would be the obvious answer and largely ( with exception ) has been for many years . 
  but the point of the matter is that in rural areas , the energy spent transporting heating and cooling vastly out-weighs , both in cost and ... well everything else needed to facilitate that type of thing . 
  the technology simply is n't there and wo n't be for a very long time . 
  at least in places like spain . 
  now iceland , that 's a different story . 
   how come then it is possible in finland in small rural communities to build district heating ? 
  actually in spain it should be even more easier because villages are closely build and not sparsely build . 
  what happens now is that because people do n't invest in cost effective ways to heat and cool they will spend more money to use electricity to use air cooling in summers and electric heating in summers . 
  that is their prerogative . 
  of course one should remember that largest shareholders in western economies are pension funds that invest pension contributions of normal workers in order to allow them to someday retire . 
  not to mention that many middle-class families save money and invest it into stocks to allow it grow faster so that someday can use it to something nice . 
  i 'm sorry that is stupid . 
  what you left out from your calculation are potential costs . 
  things that individuals and society would have gained if the people in question had time to educate them-self , try to innovate something new , or apply for a job that they are more suited to and where they generate more value .
