  that is also an attitude that i hate . 
  while you are correct that no eu country has n't experienced mass immigration , that does n't mean that mean that there has n't been problems with immigration and that those problems are n't real or need to be fixed . 
  for example the biggest immigrant group in finland are russians , 58331 . 
  you very seldom hear about this group , however you do hear and experience much more from 14045 somali immigrants and from approx . 
  27-28 thousand people from all over middle-east . 
  the thing is that they have a different culture and they have very real problems on adjusting and assimilating to our post-industrial society . 
  we ca n't just shutdown our eyes from these problems and just take more immigrants , because that will only cause the problems to become bigger and worse to solve . 
  we do n't want to repeat mistakes of central european countries . 
  immigrants that come here need to be efficiently assimilated to the finnish culture and society , not just meaning that they learn to cope in here , they need to completely abandon their culture and melt to the finnish culture . 
  that process needs to be tested and finalized , then we can think about how much immigrants we can melt into our society . 
  the thing about hydrogen is that you have to produce it , and to produce it you need energy , if you are going to use fossil fuel based sources like oil , gas and coal , then it is much better to use that fuel directly , not transform it to hydrogen . 
  hydrogen as a fuel source only makes sense when you can use local source of energy , such as nuclear or hydro power . 
  and when you have set up the infrastructure to produce hydrogen for example with nuclear power , then you can easily afford to use it the way you want it . 
  in short , if we would move into hydrogen economy , we can easily afford to use cars that have efficiency of 50 miles per gallon of hydrogen , for example drive that hydrogen powered bmw . 
  and the flag . 
  it is the flag of finland . 
  the greek flag is completely different . 
   1080 miles per gallon is amazing . 
  if you care about mileage/efficiency , do n't whine about your car not being sexy . 
  a 400cc motorcycle gets something like 90 miles per gallon . 
  that 's more than 10 times !, 
  when you are using hydrogen , it is the same if it does 1080 miles per gallon , or just 50 miles per gallon because in any event where masses of people are using hydrogen as their fuel source , you are going to produce the hydrogen with nuclear power ... 
  lets put it like this , would you rather drive this or hydrogen powered bmw ? 
   imo this is not useless nor stupid . . it 's one step towards cheaper methods of travelling and that 's something you greeks could use . 
  greeks do need to cut down their oil consumption , but that again should be done with nuclear power . 
  overall the problem in greek economy is not necessarily that it consumes too much , but that it produces too less , and that is largely thanks to inefficient bureaucracy that both sucks much needed capital from the private sector and strangles it with red tape . 
  not a greek . 
   eco racer is a fuel cell-powered hydrogen car , made of carbon fiber to have low weight , with an aluminum chassis made of special alloys . 
  because nobody would want to buy it , that is the reason . 
  why would i want to buy a death trap ? 
  actually why would i want to buy a single seater car that does n't go fast and is n't sexy in anyway ? 
  this car deserves the price of the most useless and stupidest car project this year . 
  what we need is to people understand that they need to put more effort and hard work to enable europe compete with developing state . 
  for youth to get jobs they need to study more , do more complicated things , be more flexible , be more entrepreneurial , etc. . that is the only way out , statism has no place in europe . 
  i had time left 1:01 . 
  could have probably taken the test 10-20 seconds faster if my brains had n't been frozen ;-) scoring you scored 45/45 = 100 % . 
  this beats or equals 100 % of test takers . 
  the average score is 28 . 
  no it ca n't be said . 
  children are protected as they are incapable of doing decisions by themselves and as their bodies and minds are incapable of dealing with sex . 
  adults on the other hand are capable and are supposed to do decision by themselves . 
  if two free willing adults engage into exchange of service to money , why should it be the business of society to intervene ? 
  unified banking supervision is needed , but that does n't change the fact that in the first stage this will mean transfer of money from north to south . 
  that is n't necessarily problem if it is a one time event , but there needs to be fair mechanism in the future that will collect money to bank rescues based on actual risks that different banks in different countries have . 
  otherwise we will just reward bad behavior from states and banks that they harbor . 
  they do n't have an argument . 
  what they are saying is that there needs to be transfers from well doing countries to less successful countries , because some people have money and others do n't . 
  what they totally disregard is why other countries are successful and why other are n't , and that does n't have anything to do with how much capital particular country has , but how has it organized itself . 
  you do n't remove unnecessary red tape by pumping more money . 
  you do n't remove unnecessary state workers by pumping more money . 
  you do n't remove corruption by pumping more money . 
  you do n't make society work by pumping more money . 
  societies organize themselves based on their shared values , beliefs and overall culture of doing things , these need to change , and that change can only start from the societies themselves . 
  why does every article end to statement that germany , holland , finland , etc. . . have to chip in more ? 
  the ecb has for long had a position that keeping control and authority over financial infrastructure is one of the key things to do to ensure safety and stability of the financial system . 
  this is the key reason why there are from time to time different kind of initiatives to make sure that euro-denominated trading happens inside the eurozone . 
  i do n't see the position of the ecb as unreasonable . 
  however as we all are in the european union , a compromise should be made , one that would allow ecb to have greater authority over trading and financial infrastructure while still allowing non-eurozone entities in the union area to participate directly to euro-denominated trading . 
  however it is another question of are the uk govermeant and the ecb willing to work a rational solution to this or not . 
   i think either of those scenarios is so fantastically remote that pumping billions of pounds every year into a single sector of the economy on the assumption that one of them may happen is ridiculous . 
  can you honestly imagine what would happen if global trade shut down ? 
  we 're talking about a scenario so disruptive that it 's unimaginable . 
  yes , the scenario is very disruptive and there are lots of question marks on what the future would bring for europe in that situation . 
  however that is n't an excuse for a developed society not to prepare for it as best as it can . 
  and preparing for it does n't necessarily cost lots of money , certainly current subside levels could and should be dropped in the eu , no question about that . 
  however when we do that , we also need to address our food security  food , unlike oil , is not geographically limited in its production . 
  russia can bully europe with its gas and oil supplies because oil and gas are only found in certain locations . 
  not so with food . 
  the whole of north africa could become a breadbasket with a little attention , along with south america , the southern tip of africa , china , asia , north america and so on . 
  it is the same case as building sahara full of solar power stations to electrify europe , you could do it , but in the same time you would put yourself into a strategically vulnerable position . 
  not to mention that starting food production does n't just happen in turn , it needs years or decades to bring it up to speed . 
  another thing to remember is that if europe does n't have self-sustainability in food production , that would be a strategic weakness that would need to be addressed . 
  that would likely mean pumping more money to bring up european military capabilities to be able to protect strategic assets or threaten hostile states that cause difficulties . 
  you have to ask yourself , what is more likely to happen : a ) there is disruption in global trade shutting it down , or b ) there is global or local disaster affecting global trade and agricultural production . 
  in my opinion the risk of a happening is larger than that of b. 
  even if b would happen , there are still advances on having basic self-sufficient agriculture production or having the potential for it , namely access to food does n't become a strategic problem . 
  for example if europe would be dependent on agricultural exports , there could be where main food producers would form a cartel to raise prices , or access to food could be used as an tool to blackmail political or economical concessions . 
  and lets not forget that one of the solutions that i outlined is to pay farmers to keep up the farm land and the infrastructure ready for possible usage . 
  this could be a workable solution when coupled with stockpiling . 
  for example finnish state has enough food to allow all citizens to live one year and enough seeds to plant a new harvest . 
  increased secrecy also its down sides . 
  it allows corruption and malpractice to creep the place from top to bottom as people in charge do n't have to fear for criminal investigations nor do they have to fear for political backlash . 
  what should be done in the ecb is to transform it more transparent . 
  if ecb needs to keep something secret , the secrecy should n't last more than 5 years which after all documents would become public information . 
  for crying out loud , we are talking about central bank , not intelligence agency . 
  edit : let us not forget that greek crisis was largely generated by the greek state not having transparency to its actions . 
  this allowed them to hide debt and increase spending until it all collapsed . 
  you have to take into consideration the matter of food security . 
  if there would be a disaster or conflict that would shut down global or regional trade , countries without self-sufficient food production would have mass starvations . 
  of course a better option than raising tariffs would be to either pay subsidies or pay money to keep needed amount of farm land and infrastructure ready to be used if needed . 
  agriculture is an insignificant industry that is already heavily subsidized . 
  i wo n't loose any tiers for people who need to close up their farms and move to other industries . 
  actually eu does n't have that right . 
  norway via eea treaty participates to the european single market in all markets except agricultural products . 
  not to mention that there is no reason to raise tariffs to norwegian agricultural products , that will only hurt consumers . 
  eu should n't do anything . 
  norway has clear right to do so as agriculture is not part of the eea treaty . 
  nominal expenditure is what counts . 
  in the firm where i work , we had a general raise of 1.9 % , that means that we need to generate at least half a million more in sales just to cover that raise . 
  and no , we ca n't just raise our customer invoicing , in these days inflation is n't a valid reason for our customers .
