  there were plenty of [ marxists groups ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_organization_17_november ) committing acts of terror , should n't they have been outlawed too ? 
  so you are essentially saying that murdering people is a-okey as long as you do n't get caught and have plausible deniability ? 
  so essentially it would have been okey if this would have been a large rally of people who had battered a man to death - `` it was n't me , you ca n't prove it , it was somebody else , it was probably agent provocateurs , it was probably the government who set us up '' . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  edit : edit : and what about [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/14/us-greece-anarchists-specialreport-idusbre97d0ak20130814 ) ? 
  or will you claim that this is government planted article that tries to cast a slur on anarchist groups ? 
  prey tell me which parties were outlawed and which people were locked away after the [ firebombing of a bank in athens 2010 ] ( http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/athens_bank_fire_kills_three_as_greece_goes_on_strike ) ? 
  the problem of turkey has always been that it regards itself as if not an great power then at least as an regional power that does n't take orders from anybody else . 
  more or less the syndrome that uk suffers from , fortunately in smaller amounts . 
  that is why the elite has been slow to act reforms and slow to make the country compatible with the union legislation . 
  ukraine on the other , while it does acknowledge its position between the east and the west , does n't suffer from the syndrome . 
  what ukraine suffers is lack of vision on what it wants to be . 
  now it seems that the elite of the country has come to a conclusion that the only way they can be independent is by allying with other small european countries , namely with the european union . 
  if this conclusion is final then the integration can start to progress fast . 
  maybe in case of ukraine , one half way step could be it joining the eea or making a similar treaty with the union . 
  do n't forget gin and tonic !, 
  too complicated . 
  * in finland all banks offer e-payments . 
  for example when you go to a finnish web shop , you can select e-payment , then choose your bank , log in , submit one time key , and the bank makes the payment and notifies in real time the web shop . 
  * in case of ordering from foreign sites , i have n't ever had any problems using my visa card to order from amazon , not to mention that credit card companies have very good policies and protections for customers . 
  so again , do n't need any reason for any new solution . 
  no to mention that ... * atm machines are currently being decreased , maintaining them costs banks too much and the way to go for them is to increase usage debit/visa cards and e-payments/e-banking . 
  honestly the state/eu should make cash illegal in a decade or two , no real need for it . 
  few things ... * us in reality demands visa from all europeans , citizens of those countries who belong to visa waiver program still need to apply travel authorization which is just a another lighter form of a visa . 
  * eu definitely needs to play hard ball with us and canada in this case , that is why we have the eu , to allow us play hard ball and win . 
  yes , playing it might for example hurt you , but then again , i do n't care , you are not a eu citizen . 
  * in case of schengen , any eu legislation probably will also cause effects to them , in case of schengen countries who are not eu members , again , i do n't care about any effects on them , if they want to get their voice heard they should join the eu . 
  that is the market reality in the us , but not the market reality in europe . 
  currently both france and finland are building new nuclear reactors , both being of the new epr type . 
  in addition of these reactor that are being build , two finnish companies are planning to start building two new reactors . 
  in neighboring sweden vattenfall which operates 7 our 10 of swedish nuclear reactors has just few months ago applied permit to replace two old reactors with two new ones . 
  i do n't think that money really is the reason for why new nuclear power has n't been build in europe in large scale . 
  the real reason is that there are huge political risks associated with building a new nuclear plant . 
  a nuclear plant has a designed life time of 50 to 60 years and to make profit you need to be sure that politicians wo n't come and shut it down 10 to 20 years from now . 
  not to mention that just planning to build a new plant is very expensive , you do n't want to really do it if you are not very sure that your application will pass politicians . 
   nuclear energy is only cheap because the government buys the nuclear waste from the energy companies and stores them under their own cost . 
  and in which country this is the case ? 
  in finland the nuclear operators pay each year to state nuclear waste preparation fund to make sure that there is enough money in any case to a ) deal with the nuclear waste and b ) dismantle nuclear reactors . 
  currently the fund has 2.1 billion euros that is already estimated to cover all costs . 
  of course nuclear companies continue to pay to the fund as after nuclear waste has been dealt with and reactors dismantled , they will get back what ever money is left . 
  well not really ... all the european armies are already inter-operable due to them following nato standards , for example both swedish and finnish armies are fully nato compatible . 
  so that road has already come to end , if we want to have any new benefits then we need a common euro army . 
  and there is a lot that a common european defense union could do . 
  starting from planning deep defense against any possible or impossible foe to developing and building advanced defensive capabilities from new weapon systems than can out gun and maneuver anything that other countries can throw against us . 
  not to mention that common european defense union would have big enough resources to build a working missile defense system against both russia and us . 
  if eu would have one common defense force then it would be out of question for a member state to send their national guard into action without authorization from the union . 
  of course it would be rational to define external territories of member states like falkland to be under eu protection , but nothing else . 
  if for example us or australia want to make defense pact or need help , then they need to do it with the eu . 
  true , but the eu does n't have any need to hassle with russia . 
  if someday both moldova and ukraine would become eu members , and transnistria part of russia , or independent , i think that both parties could easily find a satisfactory solution . 
  yes , n9 is a fine phone , but the problem with the n9 and meego ( maemo actually ) was that it was delivered very late and delivering took too long time . 
  delivery times was a major factor on deciding to nix the whole meego project , the delivery times were just too long and needed too much effort to enable nokia produce and bring to markets tens of different smartphones per year . 
  and no , nokia could n't have changed their strategy to that of apple , they did n't have an hero device and would n't have gotten one anyway . 
  and most finns did n't / do n't truly know how badly fucked up nokia 's software development organization was : it was long past the point where it could have been fixed . 
  if nokia had n't chosen to jump to microsoft bandwagon , they would have needed to use android , but that again might not haven been a silver bullet that would have saved the company : sony , htc and lg are struggling in android market , only samsung fares well . 
  however one thing that elop did succeed to do with nokia was to make the organization deliver . 
  the big reason why the whole meego project failed was because they did n't deliver , they were too afraid to deliver , they could have delivered in late 2009/early 2010 , the product was good enough , but they did n't , instead they chose to do it again . 
  under elop the organization has changed a lot , now they actually deliver new products and fast . 
  that is a big change that was needed . 
  to be honest , this structural reform does n't go far enough , but it can buy time and can push things closer to a point where more harder and painfull reforms can be made . 
  the biggest reform that is needed right now is municipal reform , we have over 400 municipalities when we could do very well with less than one hundred . 
  another big issue is the way our public sector works . 
  in the private sector people have more motivation to do their job or else can be let go , in the public sector people do n't have this same motivation to do their job as good as possible . 
  this is major issue that needs some kind of solution . 
  in case of actionable outcomes , in the next 12 months there will come some initial outcomes in form of more municapilities going bust because the state just cut one billion out of their funds , thus there is lots of pressure to increase cost efficiency in the public sector . 
   after intensive talks between the heads of the six government parties , the government finally approved a package of structural reforms late on thursday evening . 
  the package aims to eliminate the sustainability gap in the state budget estimated at 8-10 billion euros . 
  please do note that this is n't just about tackling the state deficit , this tackling the sustainability gap that is born out of post-war generations moving to retirement while being replaced by much smaller generations entering the work market . 
  it is good that the govermeant finally started to act , however in the next few years they should do even more to increase state efficiency and keep people working more . 
  to my knowledge , most european countries have n't calculated what is their current sustainability gap , which is pitty because if govermeants all over europe does n't address their sustainability gaps now they will pay even heavier prices in the near future . 
  should n't you first tell what racist incidents have happened to you ? 
  and by whom and where ? 
  if you do n't give any background and just rage , it would be easier that you would be a troll rather than a real person with this particular grief . 
  the thing is that if we should react then we essentially should go war against saudi-arabia and its allies who are waging global religious war and toppling stable governments and turning them into bloody war grounds . 
  in the case of syria , what we should do is to offer deal to the current government , assad and the other elite leaves their places and go to voluntary exile into russia and are allowed to keep their wealth . 
  the new leadership would promise to make democratic reforms and give full amnesty to those in fsa who have not committed crimes against humanity . 
  then we should ship what ever weapons and resources are needed to destroy fundamentalist insurgents , and if needed do air strikes against them . 
  whatever we do , we must not help the fundamentalist insurgents . 
  if we do so then we will very soon have a new afganistan in our own neighborhood . 
   i highly doubt that germans will outsource their jobs and tax revenue to eastern europe . 
  you should ask that from poles , czechs , slovaks , hungarians , etc. . . german companies have moved huge loads of work there since the collapse of the iron curtain . 
  the reason why they will move more work to eastern europe is to secure their continued ability to be price competitive against chinese and other south-east asian manufacturers . 
  the best part about moving production to eastern europe is that while in china you essentially loose your intellectual property due to blatant copying and ripping of your trade secrets , inside the eu that is n't possible . 
   how many foreign direct investment came to baltics or eastern poland ? 
  actually huge amounts of fdi has come to baltic 's , especially in the beginning of 90s . 
  in case of eastern poland , if polish themselves do n't want to be located there , why would anyone want to invest there . 
  you have to accept that in capitalism some regions will loose , but then again it is for the benefit of the whole society . 
   why does a shit ton of educated workforce left their respective countries after joining eu and does n't plan to come back ? 
  ( including bulgarians , romanians and so on ) where will you accommodate several million ukrainians who will search for a better life and job opportunities in europe ? 
  may i remind you about spainiards , portuguese , greek , possibly italy ? 
  people leave because the place where they are does n't offer enough or good enough opportunities . 
  it is good that they leave , because then they can fulfill their true potential and eventually migration will force local people and society to become better : for example cut down corruption or make the society more tolerant . 
  this same has already happened between finland and sweden , in 60s and 70s huge amount of people immigrated from finland to sweden , and some of the immigrants returned back in the 80s . 
  in case of where does these people go , well , the markets will solve that as they have solved problems till today . 
   lastly , i 'm no specialist , but changing the entire railroad network sounds a little more expensive than 20 billion eur and thats just one `` project '' . 
  in romania 1 kilometer of motorway costs approx 6.9 to build . 
  france has approx 11,400 km of motorways , if ukraine would build the same amount it would put total costs to around 78.6 billion eur . 
  if we say that ukraine would build this amount of infrastructure in the next 20 years , it would approx 3.9 billion eur per year . 
  that would mean that every year in ukraine 570 km of motorway would need to build . 
  there probably is n't capacity to handle that amount of building right now , more realistic figure would be 235 km every year , meaning approx 1.8 billion eur used for the investment every year .
