  even if both parties could settle on question of borders , for example more or less following the demarcation line with land swaps , there is still the huge question of return of `` refugees '' . 
  i put refugees in question marks because if palestinians ( arabs ) born in neighboring countries after the 1949 war , can be defined as refugees , then we in europe should have huge number of refugees : hint 12 to 14 million germans left their homes after the war . 
  dude , if any country would invade the nordics it would be russia and the russian army ... well ... 
  the elite squads yes have good equipment , but the rest not so . 
  not to mention that our terrain is little bit different than one in iraq and afghanistan , hint it has much more forests . 
   we do n't really have that much industry to have need for such huge pipeline to europe to move our goods . 
  only thing that would be profitable is movement of our natural resources in non-processed form , but that would just be retarded . 
  well , you have northern neighbor with paper and steel industries   i 'm worried about yearly subsidies that we must pay from our taxes every single year for tons of years . 
  considering our current experience it is expensive . 
  way too expensive for poor country like estonia . 
  that is definitely bad . 
  i was thinking that the rail service would at least break even . 
  however if it is seen that after the initial investment just to keep up the service going on there is big need for subsidies , then maybe this project should n't be done before at least running the service breaks even . 
   we are different countries with totally different languages and business culture . 
  in my experience combining us all together is big mistake that foreign companies make . 
  there are much bigger obstacles to overcome then just connect our cities better . 
  i was thinking more from the line that any foreign company that invests there will work with english language and any company that grows sufficiently big changes their internal language to english . 
  because the thing is that there is n't just enough people in one country alone to support multiple industrial and tech clusters . 
  if there would be higher worker mobility between the three countries , then there would be room for more specialization and growth of different clusters . 
  that said , you may very well be that there are bigger obstacles than transportation . 
   see something common ? 
  nobody cares about north to south connection in those three countries . 
  just try it once . 
  take your car to tallinn and drive to berlin . 
  it will be nice and fun trip ( and cheap ) , you will soon understand what i mean . 
  sad to here that making north to south connection better is not on the primary agenda of the three countries . 
  then again , the direct consequences for the local economy from building better internal connections might be better investment at the short term than building better cross-country connections . 
  and yes , i have been thinking on taking via baltica . 
  my friends drive ofter via it to central europe and have said it to be quite safe and pleasant way to drive nowadays . 
  not to mention that it is much cheaper to transport a car from helsinki to talinn than from helsinki to stockholm . 
   whatever they do , there is no way that this railroad will be financially sound enterprise . 
  who will pay those enormous subsidies ? 
  year after year after year . 
  money produced directly from rail freight and passenger transportation services wo n't probably directly pay back the investment at least in the first decades , but in long term i am sure it will pay back from indirect benefits to host societies . 
  people and cargo can more easily more between baltic countries and hopefully in the future between finland and poland . 
  essentially it opens up new business opportunities not only to companies currently located in the area , but for new companies to invest . 
  another note to say is that all three countries and their capitals are too small for many businesses to locate there . 
  in finland we have already noted that our only city where big international companies could come is helsinki , and itself is barely there . 
  baltic cities need to network better , be it fast rail connections between them or motorways connecting them together . 
  that said , continuing fast build up of via baltica to be 4-lane motorway from talinn to the border of poland would probably be better usage of money for now . 
  however this project is envisioned to start construction in 2020 . 
  anything can happen between this and that time . 
   this railroad is needed till berlin , or not at all . 
  there is no point for railroad from nowhere to nowhere . 
  for me it seems really really fishy . 
  either just waste of money or they prepare to rob us . 
  sometimes you have to make the first step for others to follow . 
  when you start to build the rail baltica from talinn to border of poland , that will be signal for both finnish and polish governments that they can start for real think and plan their own projects . 
  for example when you will start to lay the first tracks of rail baltica , it opens for real a possibility for the finnish government to plan and build a tunnel between helsinki and tallinn . 
  with the tunnel and rail baltica , freight from finland could travel faster to central europe not to mention people from baltics could use helsinki airport more as their first choice gateway to the world . 
  i honestly believe that this project will open up further investment both from finland and poland thus making this whole project even more profitable for baltic nations . 
   this was public housing until it was sold . 
  that cheap rent was part of the welfare . 
  if they lose that they should get more money . 
  and nobody offers that . 
  the big problem with these kind of arrangements is that some get them while others do n't . 
  was there any legal requirement to set the rent so low ? 
   i do n't understand why spain would want more real estate investment . 
  there is too much housing and office space already and still the prices are too high for our income levels . 
  the problem is n't with income levels , it is with the distribution of income . 
  essentially thanks to your job market on being divided on protected for life time workers with full benefits and people on temporary contracts with minimum wage , income of especially young peoples are highly distorted compared to value that they produce . 
  to solve this you need to dismantle over protective labor laws . 
  the unfortunate thing is that when you do this , there will be huge number of layoffs and restructuring of organizations . 
  to remedy the social effects of that , you need higher worker mobility , but to enable higher worker mobility you need a better working rental market so that workers can easily and quickly change their location based on where there is work available . 
   hmm , no . 
  public , rent-controlled housing is quite widespread in spain , not hidden in any way , and benefits many in need . 
  as i said in this comment , there is a problem , a serious one , if some people benefit from further rent reduction through `` informal arrangements '' , but this has nothing to do with selling off public housing , for a pittance , for the benefit of notoriously greedy investment funds . 
  in the article an average price of 68,500 $ was given . 
  what in your mind would have been the correct market value for these apartments ? 
  due to take into account that when you sell in mass quantity , your have less transaction costs . 
   the correct way to act would have been to reorganise madrid 's public housing corporation , simplify its bureaucracy , clarify its accounts and approve those `` informal '' rent reductions in writing where appropriate . 
  but that would have been hard work and , much unlike a hasty privatisation , had little potential for juicy kickbacks . 
  not for our politicians , that ... is there actually any legal requirement for the public housing corporation to do these rent reduction ? 
  do they have any actual legal obligation to do so ? 
  i have to say that this might have been the best available thing to do . 
  there might be so much internal resistance in the organization that these things could have dragged for long . 
  edit : did n't note this part ...  hmm , no . 
  public , rent-controlled housing is quite widespread in spain , not hidden in any way , and benefits many in need . 
  hidden in a sense that the deprecation of the value of these houses is n't added to the social budget . 
   in any case , throwing people to the streets in a madrid winter ( which may seem mild in finnish eyes , but madrid is at 800 m altitude and pretty chilly in january ) seems a pretty high price for achieving `` better resource allocation '' , `` in the end '' . 
  if you do n't want to throw people out to the street , you pay higher social benefits . 
  if you do n't want to pay higher social benefits or ca n't afford to do so , then you do n't pay it . 
  what you should n't do is to hide handing over social benefits which this scheme was all about . 
  not to mention that it was only for select few , not for everybody in need . 
   those flats were built and owned with taxes paid by spanish taxpayers , those houses are for welfare , meant for people with less resources from whatever reason ( and you better have a very good reason because otherwise you did n't get one ) . 
  this kind of welfare is hugely failed welfare . 
  the family , when their situation changes , due to either having less children home or by having better financial conditions , do n't have any incentive to move away or change to a smaller flat . 
  thus they stay as burden to taxpayers . 
  not to mention that as i said before , that 58 $ is not enough for maintenance of the house . 
  houses are not permanent , they start to decay in time and need constant fixing . 
  i for example have an apartment in a house that just turned over 50 years , we now have an pluming , electricity , heating and air conditioning fixed that will cost approx 1500e per square meter . 
  the way welfare should be done is by compensating part of the rent until to a certain sum by the state . 
  and no , this is not more expensive , it costs the same when you start to count money that taxpayers already spend to build these houses and what their maintenance and eventual repairs will cost . 
   there is plenty of other property for rental or trade in spain , thats why we were so rich , now most of these sit empty and none lives there . 
  there is no lack of empty property in spain ready for rental , the problem is precisely that there is so much that opening it would devaluate housing prices even more which would increase the problem , devaluation of property price was what got us into crisis . 
  actually there is not that much properties for rent , because the spanish tenant protections have been crazy high and still are . 
   there is no healthy market correction made , because there is not one needed and this wo n't help building more rental properties because the market is already saturated . 
  the healthy market correction is made by subjecting people to actually think on where they are living . 
  if you are unemployed and you ca n't afford to live somewhere , then the corrective move from your part is to move to an cheaper area . 
  in this case , this area is valued much higher than the 58 $ the family was paying .
