  and i do have to say that i do n't understand where are all the down votes coming to my original comment . 
  pointing out an factual error should n't cause that . 
  uk declared war on finland , not the other way . 
  us by the way did n't declare war because it saw finnish war with the ussr as an separate conflict that was initiated by the ussr . 
  and in winter war what finland got was lots of international sympathy , but besides small amounts of volunteers , that was it . 
  not to mention that again finland was n't neither occupied nor fascist , through out the whole war the country was lead by elected parliament and parliament elected cabinet and president . 
  that is true , there was no question about it . 
  it is good that fuel prices are high because they decrease consumption of fuel . 
  do remember that oil and gas are imports , if their usage increases then it will mean that italy 's trade balance will worsen . 
  what italy should try to do is to find ways to decrease consumption of oil and gas , for example more public transport and more building of non-fossil fuel based electricity generation , i.e. 
  solar and nuclear . 
  finland was n't occupied nor fascist . 
  alcohol abuse was problem even before the ww2 , but i do admit that the war may have deepened them . 
  finland 5,95 $ hour / 1025,20 $ month ... that is the minimum monthly wage to be paid from month of work in a full day job . 
  or you could think the other way , more people are able to support themselves by driving taxi , some or many are forced to move away , but more taxi drivers are employed this way . 
  market will automatically balance itself . 
  first of all increased competition will drive prices down , and then it will force financially weakest and most inefficient taxis out of the market . 
  it is not the job of state to ration functioning of the market . 
  in this by rationing entry of new entrepreneurs to the taxi market , the state increases cost of using taxi services by limiting competition . 
  this is bad and will lead to further distortion of the market and usage patterns of different transportation options . 
  not really . 
  agriculture is subsidized mainly to ensure food security . 
  in a crisis situation the state needs to ensure that it can feed the whole populace from domestic sources . 
  the reason why finland has more security and freedom by being member of the eu is because as a small country it is very vulnerable against external blackmailing . 
  for example if us , russia , china , etc. . decide that they do n't like something and raise for example import tariffs , then finnish state either complies in pressure , or accepts losses . 
  in short , being a sovereign nation does n't guarantee anything , the only thing that guarantees something in this world is power . 
  the eu for example is so big that in can threaten us or china with a trade war and make them to give up . 
  you are correct , cap goes against free trade , but national security is more important than free trade in list of priorities . 
  however that does n't mean that cap should n't be changed in a way that allows food security issues to be dealt and in the time decrease the amount of market distortion created by agricultural subsidies . 
  the reason for why food security is very important for the finnish state is because its main priority is to ensure existence of finnish people , finnish people as a nation , and nation as sovereign state . 
  this need to protect the people has materialized in many things , the state for example has stock piled food supplies for whole nation for it to last one year , and enough grain to cultivate next harvest ; not to mention that the state has planned how to evacuate and decentralize all urban population around the country in case of expected war or crisis . 
  we export more to us than we import . 
  competing with american firms is a non-issue . 
  usually finland ... * supports free trade and progression of further globalization , thus allied in trade issues with uk , germany , netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  * supports agricultural subsidies because food security is important issue , links to national security , thus allied with france and other southern european countries if it secures protection of finnish farming . 
  * regards eu membership as both strategic and security issue , the more closely finland is allied with europe , the more freedom and security it has . 
  for example eu secures trade relation inside europe , but also gives defend-able position against us and china , and raises the barrier for russia to exercise direct or indirect intervention to finnish internal politics . 
  do please ask further questions if you need more information . 
  they voted against in the referendum because it would have made them pay all the bills of the reunification . 
   lack of transparency ,  corruption , so much how much transparency is enough ? 
  and to what level corruption needs to be decreased ? 
  are nordic countries in the mentioned level ? 
   failure to install fiber internet everywhere , my parents live in rural finland , they can get 16mb line from old copper cables and currently the local phone company is building fibre optic network . 
  anyway , what do you do with it ? 
  to what do you need more speed ? 
   patents and copyright , you do understand that if there are no patents or copyrights that will only mean that any intellectual property will be so locked down that it will be virtually impossible to distribute it without vendor allowing it ? 
   capitalism the other name for it is market evolution . 
  do you think that people should be compensated based on their results or do you think that everyone should be equally compensated no matter what their results are ? 
  and these structural causes are what exactly ? 
  is n't this more or less return to normality ? 
  germany together with france have always been central places where people have travelled to educate themselves and then returned home to spread their new found ideas . 
   the major flaw of the deregulation scheme was that it was an incomplete deregulation -- that is , `` middleman '' utility distributors continued to be regulated and forced to charge fixed prices , and continued to have limited choice in terms of electricity providers . 
  other , less catastrophic energy deregulation schemes , such as pennsylvania 's , have generally deregulated utilities but kept the providers regulated , or deregulated both . 
  the only way housing situation becomes better is to either build up , or build more suburbia connected with motorways and fast public transport . 
  every adult citizen is eligible for income support that guarantees that they have certain amount of money per month . 
  unemployed either get unemployment benefits or income support around 650-750 that includes housing assistance , and students get approx 450 plus they can loan approx 300e per month from bank that the state will guarantee . 
  in case of your earlier comment , getting money is only one part of taking care of yourself , using that money wisely to cover all your expenses is another one . 
  for example 450e that students get is only enough to cover housing , food and other basic amenities if you live in smaller town . 
  650 to 750 that other people get is n't that much either as everything in here is more expensive . 
  i think that a bigger reason for example nordic countries have so low numbers of young people living home is because ... * people who studied in vocational school ( 16-18 ) , are able to get a job that allows them to move into their own apartment * all towns have cheap community provided housing , only bigger cities have problems providing cheap housing to everybody . 
  * people usually move into another town to study * all collage and university towns have ample of cheap student housing * being able to live and being independent is highly respected , both by young people and parents , it is a sign of adulthood . 
  the problem is that people are still stupid and short sighted . 
   asking for a pay rise sounds like risking coming off rude , arrogant or too ambitious . 
  when a pay rise is earned , it 's given . 
  actually not . 
  my friend is a manager in big it-service company , they have policy , if you do n't ask it , you do n't get it . 
  this means that pay levels can vary hugely , some get somewhere around 3000 from work that others get 4000 . 
  if you do n't ask , you do n't get it . 
  the only way you will get a rise is if management things that you are going to leave and they wo n't want you to leave , then you will get a raise . 
  finland and estonia , but only because it would help build the railway tunnel between tallinn and helsinki . 
  the problem with free public transportation is that ... * it removes cost based market guidance from the decision making processes on where to live . 
  for example if you live in the downtown , in a central location , you do n't public transportation , but if you live in the suburbs , you need it . 
  what happens when you make public transportation free is to make living in suburbs more advantageous as they would previously have been , thus increasing value of property in suburbs and suppressing it in downtown . 
  this disruption of market will lead to people living in suboptimal locations and lead to construction of new developments to suboptimal places . 
  * when public transportation becomes non-free again , there will be great fluctuation in usage of public transportation , some routes will be abandoned completely while others see significantly lower transportation numbers . 
  this will wreck future planning and development of public transportation . 
  in the long run the aim must be that public transportation can be run profitably . 
  another issue to note is that cars are n't a bad choice for transportation . 
  the major problem with cars today is that they pollute and consume oil , but that may change in the future with increased usage of hybrids and electric cars . 
  if you only have 1.5 k euros to spend then you are in trouble , because ... * in places like finland where there are no tuition , living is expensive . 
  if you would study in here in smaller cities , and live in student housing , then you would need approx . 
  500-600e per month , so whole year would cost from 6000 to 7200e . 
  * in places where living expenses are much more affordable , like for example in estonia or other countries of eastern europe , they have tuition fees that cost at least thousands of euros per year if not more . 
  unfortunately i think that you need to first solve your current financial situation , after you have done that , then you can rethink what you will be doing . 
  if you had better financial situation , then i could recommend applying to some finnish collage with english degree program and trying to pick a job when in here to pay for it , but with your current situation , that is not workable advise to give . 
  to my knowledge there are no 2 year bachelors degree programs anywhere . 
  getting bachelors will take 3 to 4 years anywhere you go . 
  can you clarify about your financial situation little bit more . 
  do you have only 1.5 k dollars for the next academic year , or is it the only amount of money that you can use to tuition ? 
  i ask this because in finland collages and universities are free of charge if you can apply in , but you need to have enough funds to cover your living expenses including housing , food , clothing , etc. . . another thing is that you may not get all your courses accepted , so you may need to plan for studying for 3-4 years . 
  but please tell little more about your situation and hopefully you can get some good answers ... ps . 
  in case of you being american , it does n't matter , people do n't care , and in case you meet people who care , well you might not care to be their friend anyways . 
  i would n't worry about that . 
  i 'm little over 30 so my view is based to same age people like myself . 
  * people who are looking for serious relationship usually use internet dating services , both in rural and in urban environments . 
  * depending on bar or club , people are either searching for serious relationship or short term relation . 
  of course this almost only is true in helsinki as in other cities there are n't too many places to go . 
  * women like and prefer men who act normally . 
  i have many female friends and what they constantly complain that men , both finnish and foreign , do n't either talk with them at all , or do n't talk normal things with them . 
  ... myself i 'm going tonight to a date with a women that my work colleague set me up , he thought we would go together splendidly .
