  and if things should change , the thing with countries with bad human rights records is that evidence for them is not obligatory , thus there is little or no benefit of having total anonymity . 
  there is always the rest of the world . 
  from finnish exports approx 50 % goes outside the euroarea , 30 % to euroarea and the rest to other eu countries . 
  how about seeking exports to china , they are growing market ? 
  that was n't what i meant . 
  my point was that for small countries export industries are always key industries , their health is the number one concern because if they do n't export then very soon the country does n't import either . 
  so this is a matter of priorities . 
  over here export industries are always under the radar , domestic industries come as distant second . 
  how do you plan to trade with outside world if you do n't do exports ? 
  for small countries that do n't have the means to produce everything they need , exports are the key industry . 
  if you want to buy commodities such as oil and gas , you have to trade them to something . 
  if you have nothing to trade them , you wo n't be getting nothing . 
  that is the point . 
   `` fist they came for the communists , and i did n't speak out because i was n't a communist . 
  ... then they came for me , and there was no one left to speak for me . '', 
  you do understand that we live in a finite world . 
  there is n't some endless storage from where people can get commodities , goods and services . 
  if you run out of money , then you run out of money . 
  if you protest against that then you are protesting against the reality itself . 
   you do n't cut spending by taxing 7 % more of private workers salaries in the same time they are lowering contributions coming from companies . 
  for export industries this is good news as their total cost of operation will go down and they will be more price competitive , hence hopefully getting more work and money into the country , which would also better balance of payments situation . 
  however it will be bad for companies concentrated on serving domestic markets as consumption goes down . 
  but then again , exports industries and balance of payments deficit has to be fixed anyway , so in all this will better the economic situation in longer term . 
   lisbon -- prime minister pedro passos coelho said he would cut public employees ' salaries , requires that all workers to pay more for social security , and raise taxes on the rich -- the latest belt-tightening steps aimed at meeting portugal 's obligations under an international bailout program . 
  the only objection i have with this is that instead of cutting wages of public employees , a better option would be to either put hiring freeze for the government for the next 5 years and reduce employees with natural reductions , or just simply fire employees . 
  this would make the stare more leaner and efficient and have lasting effect . 
  however by keeping the head count the same , they will have higher costs in the future when things get better . 
  many times it is not about money , but on ideas on how to use money most efficiently . 
  for example in greece they do n't have free school lunches , if i understood correctly no lunches at all . 
  families take care that kids have something to eat . 
  now due to crisis many families do n't have money to have food for kids . 
  well , that is huge problem because you really ca n't learn or be happy in school if you are hungry . 
  now what greek charitable organizations have tried to do is to supply food items to those families who do n't have enough money ... 
  this simply to say is very stupid and inefficient because buying and handing over food is much more expensive than actually preparing food and cooking food from raw materials . 
  a much better way would be to simply get a soup kitchen , raw food items , and somebody to cook . 
  with this way you would lower the cost of lunch to under few euros easily . 
  you know these same kind of things were discovered here 100 years ago and they started out from charitable organizations and school organizing school lunches . 
  so why is n't this happening in greece ? 
  ca n't the public schools launch these kind of initiatives ? 
  where is the problem ? 
  the money is already there , it just needs to be used more efficiently . 
  addition : lets say you have school of 300 children . 
  you ask parents to contribute 2 euros per day , so a month of school lunch would cost 40 euros . 
  lets say that some pay more , they want to help out , and some do n't pay at all . 
  so that would mean that there is 12000 euros to spend in one month on hiring one or two people and basic ingredients potatoes , vegetables , wheat , some meat , etc. . . 
  while i do n't know how much things cost in greece , i 'm pretty sure that this would save parents money , and everybody could eat . 
  and for naysayers , in making food scale is everything , the bigger the scale the cheaper it is . 
  yes , there is probably culture barrier here , no doubt about that . 
  why is there a culture barrier , that is good question , but i have no idea have to answer that . 
  but i will throw few perspectives here ... * is it about core culture ? 
  for example there is tool called hofstede dimensions that measure different cultures in 4 different dimensions . 
  you can compare different countries in their [ web site ] ( http://geert-hofstede.com/countries.html ) , maybe there is something , maybe there is n't . 
  * is it about beliefs on how society should work ? 
  for example finnish society has strong emphasis on individual being solely responsible for his/her welfare , and this comes largely from the fact that in most of the country small farmers have owned their own lands always - no feudalism . 
  another thing is that there is quite strong belief that capitalism and market economy work , that they are the best system . 
  easy to believe when so many have visited ussr including me . 
  if it is really excessive and wasteful spending then that means lots of money is changing hands that have no better use . 
  for example if you go to a bar and pay 5 euros for bear that you can get from a shop in 1 euro , then 4 euros are n't wasted , they just change hands and scatter all around economy activating it anywhere they go . 
  another thing is that there are always people who do n't have anything . 
  should the economy screech to a halt because of that ? 
  actually i have to say that those who have money , should spend and consume more in a downturn , build a fabulous villa or mansion , buy a porsche , anything actually to make money flow , the faster it flows in economy , the more activity it generates . 
  are you doing anything at all with your money ? 
  because if you are n't saving it for an investment or investing it right away for example to stocks , then what good it does for anybody ? 
  you have to keep money flowing . 
  euro does n't fail simply because our national economies have integrated so closely together that there are n't any more national production networks , but a common european production network . 
  if euro would brake it would also break this network starting a global depression not seen before . 
  what we are going to see is european politicians finding the printing machine and using it , i expect to see 3-5 % inflation in the next 3-5 years . 
  do you have any idea how expensive it is to build up state of the art facilities to manufacture electronics ? 
  not to mention building up world class companies to do r&d and marketing . 
  it is no accident for example that intel has virtual monopoly in microchips for example even as money has been spend in us , europe and china to catch them up . 
  do n't forget that it is bit hard to manufacturer things like oil and gas , which also have to be bought with hard currency . 
  few point to consider ... * oil and gas would cost much more with devalued currency . 
  this would hit people and companies very hard in greece , portugal and italy who largely rely on imported fossil fuels . 
  the impact would be smaller in spain that has nuclear power , but it definitely would cause disruption and lower living standards in countries in question . 
  * southern industries largely do n't compete with german companies , they compete companies from china and other developing world . 
  of course having devalued currency would ease exports to germany and others countries , but then again a good question to ask it do you really want to compete on price with chinese . 
  the thing is that chinese not only have lower cost structure , they also have scale of economy , so any benefit coming out of devaluation would be soon over . 
  in case of finland ... * the reason why bof had strong currency policy was because large amounts of individuals and companies had taken foreign denominated debt . 
  when the mark had to devalued , what it caused was lots of individuals and otherwise healthy businesses going bankrupt , and this caused a whole set of cards to collide with each other , deepening recession into a full blown depression . 
  * there were other options to deal with the crisis . 
  what was suggested at the time was internal devaluation that would have seen lowering of wages approx 3-6 % if my memory deserves me right . 
  this would have allowed export industries to regain competitiveness without causing massive bankruptcy wave that was caused by the devaluation and successive hiking of interest rates to the roof . 
  * i would argue that estonia serves a good example of what should have been done at the time in finland , but what was n't done . 
  yes , the recession has hit hard estonia , but due to internal devaluation , they have n't had massive bankruptcy wave that we saw in finland , and what we would have seen in estonia if they would have devalued during the crisis . 
   yes , the higher level ( be that state or federal ) will take 100 % control of the budget . 
  do you think eu has the expertise for this , except in theory ? 
  why would it maintain any special abilities for this ? 
  ( unless you feel that the eu budget is a better run ship than the national ones ... 
  i suspect it 's run worse due to the limited interest anyone has in active oversight as long as the vast majority of money is in the nations ) lets say like this ... * when a state runs into bankruptcy , it has essentially demonstrated its inability to solve its problems . 
  usually this means that there is a political deadlock that makes it impossible to enact measures that actually are beneficial to everybody , currently one could say that italy is in this situation as they have expert lead cabinet . 
  * having the possibility of eu agency to step in would create a deterrent for political class that would obligate them to work together and try to solve their problems . 
  another benefit is that there is increased market confidence , because in case of political inability , there will be somebody to sort any crisis . 
  in day to day affairs when things are running smoothly i would prefer the federal level to stick to their duties as member states normally have better visibility to their own country , however sometimes things go wrong , and then it would preferable to have an option of outside restructuring . 
  ecb ca n't print dollars , yens or pounds , they must be gained with hard work , in other-words by exporting and having a stable balance of payments . 
  without germany in the eurozone the zone would have both trade and balance of payments deficits . 
   perhaps we would insure the bank deposits on a eu level , with that being fully an opt-in sort of thing . 
  it is n't mandated on anyone , but if you do n't follow the regulations , your deposits wo n't be insured . 
  then lets see whether the market decides that it wants to trust non-insured deposits , greek govt insured deposits or eu insured deposits . 
  the problem with insuring bank deposits is that if we going to cover them 100 % , then the only way to do it is print money in an hour of need . 
  however if we do n't cover them fully , then having a bank go down will take lots of companies with it .
