  in short , sometimes the openness of these partnerships were disputed ( for example , out of 10 companies , not the one which would be cheaper won but rather the company which the manager was friend of the politician x ) and more often than not , in cases of success , the benefits went to the privates and the losses were supported by the state - aka corruption . 
  if even the troika things that these should be renegotiated then that is definitely what should be done . 
  i myself was more afraid that renegotiating them would undermine portugal 's reputation as a trusted place where to invest , but as there seems to be no question that these should n't be renegotiated , then that should be done . 
  nato without the usa is a paper tiger and a very incompetent organization . 
  for example in 2004 baltic countries became nato members , however it took until to 2010 to draw up plans to defend these new countries in case of emergency ...  attempts by stavridis 's predecessor , general john craddock , to push through defence planning for the baltic were stymied by german-led opposition in western europe , anxious to avoid upsetting the kremlin.the policy shift was decided by senior military officials rather than nato 's top decision-taking body , the north atlantic council , in order to avoid repeating the splits and disputes on the issue over the past five years . 
  the plan entails grouping the baltic states with poland in a new regional defence scheme that has been worked on in recent months and is codenamed eagle guardian . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/dec/06/wikileaks-cables-nato-russia-baltics ) so what good is it to join up the nato if it takes 5 years to make plans to defend some of its members ? 
  now what does that tell about priorities and outlooks of some nato members ? 
  if you have independent actors , then you will have solo-play . 
  first of all , you have a wrong mission statement . 
  the aim is not to full-fill agreement with troika , the aim is to get back on market , and the only to do that is to convince the market that portugal has solved most of its structural problems and has returned to a steady growth back . 
  my medicine to get back on growth track would be to ... * tear down labour laws , when you make firing easy you make hiring easier . 
  * tear down bureaucracy , starting a new joint stock company should n't take more than two days , and operating one should be as easy as possible . 
  * put more money on bringing foreign direct investment into the country , and give more support for export companies to expand in the continent and oversees . 
  and to make progress with fixing the balance of payments ... * raise consumption taxes , target for example import/sale of non-essential items such as cars with 50 % or 100 % car tax . 
  * raise energy taxes , target fossil fuel based energy as those are all imports . 
  however if we go back to public-private partnerships ? 
  what is wrong with them ? 
  many other countries have build infrastructure with this model , including finland and there are no problems with this model . 
  are you saying that those contacts cost too much ? 
  have their costs been inflated from the beginning ? 
  there is no use of nuclear deterrent if you are not willing to use it . 
  lets say putin dies in russia and his evil twin nitup takes over and as first stroke invades baltic countries ... 
  so lets say you are president of france , or prime minister of britain , would you really threaten nitup with nuclear weapons , because he has more of them ? 
  is it really worth to sacrifice life and health of millions of your citizens , for what ... for few million ex-communists ? 
  hell no . 
  exchange of nuclear weapons would only lead into loose-loose situation where uk and/or france would be biggest losers . 
  so no nuclear weapons , we need to send just fighters and tanks there . 
  but oh snap , the polish now insist that instead of making an counter attack to baltia to repeal forces of nitup , we need to create a defensive front in polish border in case of nitup tries to take over poland . 
  in the same time you have protesters in berlin that demand peace negotiations because they have bought nitup 's propaganda . 
  and so on the situation becomes worse ... no . 
  what you need to have is a single army and single command structure that act when they need to . 
  we really do n't what will happen in the future , we need to be prepared for a worst case scenario . 
  maybe something that need universal conscription , revocation of citizens rights , etc. . . 
  if that case ever comes we need single army , single command structure and single political leadership on top of that . 
  what goes to peacekeeping and foreign interventions , well , some european countries have done that already , the only way to prevent that is to be vigilant when selecting politicians into leadership and the media to alert of these things . 
  in my opinion it is more easier to control these things when we have a single army , because then we ca n't hide from responsibility , it was our army , we were not some junior partner in some mess . 
  and then what ? 
  just as a reminder balance of payments for portugal in 2010 was -10 % of gdp . 
  common military would need fewer resources than having 27 different armies , and as it would be more integrated , it would offer more protection with less money . 
  and then what ? 
  they actually are , or at least are using money that they do n't have . 
  in 2010 greek balance of payments was -10 % of gdp . 
  this is the real issue here . 
  even if the greek state would default and not pay their debts , greece still would have problem on having more money going out than in . 
  the only way out of it would be to export more and/or get more foreign direct investments . 
  the most important resource a country or a region have are people . 
  if people leave a country or a region then that will continue as long as there are no more people to move or those things that were broken are fixed . 
  this blog post lost its credibility from the beginning due to the writer not knowing even basics about financial and economic situation in europe or the world . 
   the wall street journal carried an article on wednesday ( september 12 , 2012 ) -- latvia remains keen on euro -- which reported that the queue to enter the eurozone remains healthy . 
  i immediately asked why ? 
  there is a queue of nations ( east and baltic ) who desire to join the eurozone . 
  because before the crisis individuals and companies in baltic states took foreign currency denominated loans excessively . 
  if latvia and lithuania would devalue their currencies , there would be bankruptcy wave in these countries were individuals , companies and banks that financed them would go bankrupt , which would put these states under threat of a default . 
  this is why it is so important for baltic countries to join the euro , because then they will eliminate risks caused by these loans . 
  not to mention that there are geopolitical and security related motives to join the eurozone . 
   but while the germans can accuse the greeks etc of `` living beyond their means '' it could easily be said that the german government courtesy of the hartz attacks on living standard in germany has forced its workers and families to `` live below their means '' . 
  in other words , the problem is better presented as the germans deliberately depressing their domestic demand and relying on exports to drive growth which in a currency union with such disparate levels of productivity growth is unsustainable . 
  or maybe the reason why wages have stagnated in germany is because competition has increased globally in traditional german industries and the only way to save those jobs have been to freeze or lower them , another option would have been simply to loose those jobs by having manufacturing moved or outsourced to third countries . 
  the only way wages could and can go up in germany is to move higher in the food chain , move towards knowledge and service based economy . 
   an essential requirement for an effective monetary system is that the citizens have to be tolerant of intra-regional transfers of government spending and not insist on proportional participation in that spending . 
  the other side of this coin is that a particular region might enjoy less of the income they produce so that other regions can enjoy more income than they produce . 
  why ? 
  why is it a good idea to spend money on failed regions ? 
  if a country or region ca n't handle competition , if it fails to produce , if it fails to invest , then lowering of living standards until a balance is achieved is the only solution . 
  not to mention that most countries that are need of financial help are eastern , not southern countries . 
  money should be flowing from portugal , spain and greece to estonia , not the other way . 
  ah , but my swedish cousin , come in peace , europe welcomes you as you too believe on the almighty commission and have read the wise words of book of lisbon . 
  while you still have n't abandoned your tribal bride , you have civilized yourself , and for us europeans , you are almost like an equal . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  in europe we use euro . 
  outside the europe is an inner rim of colonies and protectorates that are being civilized and pacified right now , they hopefully become european some time in the future . 
  after the inner rim we have the outer rim that are mainly tribal areas where barbarians and other savages live . 
  true , but ... * catalonia is richer and more developed than the rest of the spain , thus its economy would rise much quicker after a default . 
  * the rest of spain has 40 million inhabitants that would suffer the state going bankrupt , actually state bankruptcy would also cause total economic collapse . 
  is it really worth it keep 7,5 million people in a country if they do n't want to and can burn the place down ? 
  oh , and do note that spain is not bankrupt . 
  the spanish state still get money from the markets , it is just little expensive . 
  however after a major disruption there would be no money , first the central government would go bankrupt , then banks and then most corporations , there would be soon food , gas and oil shortages all over country . 
  it would be a total economic meltdown . 
  it would take decades to rise up from that . 
  and in case of the european union , it would also be suicidal from the part of the union on not making arrangements to make sure that catalonia becomes union member smoothly . 
  again it would be international markets that would start to predict serious of civil wars and unrest to the whole eu area and collapse of the union that would very soon rise interest rates for all countries , and for germany too . 
  in rational world the spanish central government would give catalonia option to become independent , the eu would take it immediately member if catalonians wanted to become independent , but as we are not living in rational world , it is always a question on who has more to loose and who can inflict most damage . 
  that would be a lovely raison d'etre for german peace forces to pacify restless tribal areas . 
  if catalonians would want to become independent , this would be the best time to do it . 
  why ? 
  because the spanish central government is bankrupt and investors would dump it like a dead body into a street if there would be any possibility of civil war or civil unrest , in another words denying catalonias declaration of independence via usage of force . 
  not to mention that any usage of force would likely lead into a world wide boycott that would destroy the small part of economy that is still working . 
  tusk could gather larger endorsement because he is from an eastern eu state and many people may hold that more important than the political leaning he represents . 
  it is more or less vital that in the end of this decade eastern eu states deepen the integration and become part of the core eu . 
  it is also important that eu itself orientates more to east and takes more attention on needs and wishes in there than it currently has done . 
  it is more or less the only choice . 
  in 2010 portugal had current account deficit of 10 % of gdp . 
  to make that balance out , there two possibilities , either to imports by cutting consumption or increasing exports . 
  from these two options i would much more prefer increasing exports . 
  [ source ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/balance_of_payment_statistics ), 
  i have to disagree . 
  in my opinion in the next decade what we should is to disallow paying with cash and move completely to electronic payments . 
  the reason for this is that is that we live in a stable democracy , we do n't have nothing to fear or hide from the state , and i do n't see thing changing .
