  this would in short term increase competetivness of italian exporters by decreasing real wages , but soon the country would be in the same situation where it was before . 
  the fact of the matter is that italy has multiple crisis that can only be solved with deep structural reforms : * demographic crisis due to low birth rate due to riged housing market . 
  as a young italian even if you have work , you wo n't get a bank loan if you do n't have capital already . 
  and if you have capital , building your own house or buying a house from an appartment building is prohibitively expensive . 
  * efficiency crisis as italian companies are not able to renew themselves and get rid of inefficient workers . 
  the reason why young people get only about 1000e wages whatever work they do is because they have to also pay for the elderly workers that are n't contributing , are n't needed , and compared to them have huge amount of perks and wages . 
  those are real problems and to solve them , you need real reforms , being out of the eurozone just provides a get out of jail card for a few years until the reality hits into face again . 
   i only have a narrow window into europe , so please correct me if i 'm ignorant . 
  i freely admit i probably am . 
  your opinion is spot on , atleast from my point of view . 
  thumbs up . 
   inflation is running now over 20 % in russia . 
  the situation is getting much worse . 
  there is no way we can predict that the rosatom could keep it promises . 
  putin is the man after all who controls the company : you are essentially speculating will russians have money to build that plant ? 
  i would say yes as even during the collapse of the soviet union , the state still kept its most strategically important agencies and companies running . 
  while the situation is bad now , it is a faraway from those days . 
  not to mention that when russian state has to select between the interest of its citizens vs. keeping up its international commitments , they easily select international commitments . 
  for example in 1998 russia defaulted its domestic bonds , but not its foreign denominated bonds that really took the international markets as a suprise . 
  well yes , but that is collateral damage . 
  we really ca n't demand from ukrainians or polish that they would think the convenience of other europeans when their countries are being under invasion and possible future occupation . 
  if the rest of europe wants to keep those pipelines working they need to help the countries in question . 
  the russians are offering the best deal , that is why . 
  originally fennovoima was considering selecting a plant supplied either by areva or toshiba . 
  however after e.on withdrew from the nordic markets , they lost a major financial backing and had to find new source of funding . 
  they first tried to get areva and toshiba to take part on funding the new plant , but then russians made an offer that they could not refuse . 
  the idea of blowing gas pipes is to ensure russia goes bankcrupt . 
  if there are no gas pipelines then russia ca n't deliver gas to europe and without the gas revenue from europe , the whole russian state will financially collapse and even after peace would come it would take years to build those pipelines back to work . 
   they should get that working first . 
  this new project is lobbyed hard from the kokoomus side and other parties are getting their share also . 
  but it is the most idiotic decision to buy russian nuclear plant regarding the future . 
  there are plenty of other more reliable nuclear companies . 
  i disagree ... * first of all teollisuuden voima ( olkiluoto ) and fennovoima are two different private companies . 
  the first one is having problems with the supplier areva on getting everything done . 
  the whole ordeal with areva and epr has been much more to do with project management than with actual technology or engineering . 
  thus there is no reason why fennovoima should be put to wait due to tvo and areva not knowing how to manage a big project . 
  * secondly while fennovoima plant will be delivered and build by rosatom , after the plant has been build it will be here in finland and can be put to use nuclear fuel from other suppliers than russia . 
  and while the political situation with eu and russia may go colder , this is a billion eur deal for rosatom , a signature deal that will allow them to export more nuclear power plants worldwide which is a priority for kremlin : to be able to export something else than commodities , preferably high technology . 
  * thirdly even if rosatom is a major owner with around 40 % ownership . 
  the nuclear plant is in finland under finnish jurisdiction . 
  the only thing that what rosatom will get out of that plant is dividends like any other owner . 
  in case of lobbying , i would say that majority of from national coalition party , from social democrats and from center party are behind increased building of nuclear power because it is paid by private companies and allows revival of the economy , especially in rural areas and towns . 
  yes and no . 
  yes in a sense that claiming that all muslims and all muslim communities around the globe are for this and will act so is very wrong and incorrect . 
  no in a sense that mentioned incidents and quotes were very real , however what they represent is the radical/extremist view and people holding those views should be cracked on as hard as possible . 
  ethnic and religious hate does n't have place in our modern world and those committing crimes based on ethnic or religious hate should be punished hard . 
  for example the kuwaiti political activist salwa al-mutairi should be slapped on schengen non-entry list , that is the least we can do , not to mention all other people who preach against common human rights . 
   good luck blockading anything today with many muslims in the west , global media communication and without understanding the reason for their anger ( and quite likely exacerbating it ) . 
  and then what ? 
  if muslim populations in the west cause trouble they can be shipped to temporary containment camps as the americans did to people with japanease background . 
   this is a local problem with global reach and it 's still a problem of a very small minority of the local population . 
  you do n't punish the whole group for the problems caused by a certain undercurrent . 
  i would not call ruling class of saudi-arabia and most of the population as a small minority . 
  the fact of the matter is that even as backwards the saudi leadership is , they are the more progressives in the country , it is the people who are resisting for example letting women to drive a car . 
  if the population would not be bend hell backwards on letting woman drive , they would drive . 
   the middle-east will never be what we 'd like it be , but we must understand first why it grew out of total insignificance to what it is today and also how we can combat it in such a way that moderate muslims do n't see us as a cause of collateral damage and suffering , but an active participant in an operation to help them get rid of this cancerous ideological current . 
  middle-east grew out of total insignificance due to oil and gas money . 
  take that money away and there is absolutely nothing left . 
  actually that is a major problem as when the day comes and for example saudi-arabia runs out of the money , there will be major starvation in the persian gulf . 
  the saudis are quickly running out of their fresh water reserves in a bid to have self sustained agriculture . 
  after they ran out of money , they wo n't anymore have any more fresh water resources nor can they keep up desalination plants running . 
  the miserable thing is that today there are 25 million saudis , in 2050 there will be 50 million saudis . 
  so when the day comes , there will be around 50 million people dying due to starvation and lack of water . 
  and no , they ca n't come up as refugees to europe . 
   i think it 's important to never forget that the first victims of salafism are all the other muslims and we must go out of our way to prevent the moderates from suffering even more by our own doing . 
  they must know we 're on their side and any indiscriminate bombing of a country or ( unsuccesful ) quarantinization of a whole group for the deeds of a few is not a solution . 
  look at quarantined gaza ... peaceful and jolly innit . 
  the moderates would do themselfes a favor if they had a moment of enlightment . 
  what needs to happen in the middle-east that middle classes have to renounce religion and have their french revolution where they will get rid of their ruling and religios classes . 
  that is the only way there will be a different future for the area . 
   salafism is a problem , but i do n't think mass wmd deployment , terraforming saudi arabia into a glass lake and killing many children 's families who have a lifetime to hate us is any solution . 
  it never was , is and will be . 
  okey , how about if we just blockade them ? 
  nothing comes out , nothing goes in ? 
  mine the borders , mine the persian gulf . 
  that is a humane solution . 
  so you have no problem at saudi 's and other gulf arabs financing global terrorism and jihad ? 
  i would say that the world would be a better place if few hundred nuclear weapons were pointed at saudi-arabia and every village and town in it would be destroyd for ever . 
  the reason why the salafists are brainwashing , why there is terrorism , is because of saudi-arabia . 
  the sooner they are destroyed the better . 
   why do you think the emmigrant countries would be more unstable if the people that does n't like the current regime stays home ? 
  i was n't talking about them , i was talking about the destination countries . 
  the destination countries become more unstable . 
   and even if they are less productive than some of us , they will still be magnitudes more productive than they are now . 
  seriously , we are talking of an average productivity increase of several thousand times what it was before leaving . 
  being less productive is not as big problem as not working at all . 
  the reason immigrants ca n't find jobs in developed world is because they do n't have the knowledge nor skills to contribute . 
  not to mention that you are only countring things in an individual level and not counting costs that the whole society has to pay in a long term : increased crime ; increase of unsafety ; eroding of laws and order ; troubled school system ; etc. . .  underclass ? 
  perhaps , but still a vast net gain to the world . 
  i believe you are overestimating the threat of destabilized western societies . 
  most could take in many times what they currently do without any problems whatsoever . 
  so increase of crime and social upheaval are just passing trends ? 
  just given more time and there will be no more sharia patrols or honour killins ? 
  the immigrants that arrived here will talk the local language , have same secular values , believe on education and are just as the locals ? 
  well , news for you , it is the second and third generation immigrant background youths that are flogging to fight with isis for setting up of caliphate and getting rid of everything else . 
   also , do n't forget that large parts of africa has been reached by the economic revolution and many countries are growing like mad . 
  there would be an end of immigrants because most will soon end up going to the major growth centra . 
  the problem is that there is hardly any change in cultural values . 
  for example nigeria is estimated to have population of 440 million inhabitans in the year 2050 while they currently have an estimated population of 160 million . 
  and this is just one country .
