  the major difference between latin america and the us and europe is that while enlightenment and the french revolution had major impact to both usa and europe , it only slightly touched latin american countries . 
  another reason why latin america has had this distant western relationship is because southern cultures that created latin america even inside europe have been side lined and instead northern and american culture influence have been prevailing for the last 100 or more years . 
  if you visit berlin or visit cairo , it is easy to see and feel the difference between the two societies and cultures . 
  again if you visit berlin and stockholm , it is very easy to see how close the societies and cultures are . 
  it is easy to get it . 
  what is n't so easy to is to quantify it in words as any abstraction usually fails at some point . 
  however cultural artifacts such as popular music videos demonstrate what i mean quite elegantly . 
  you need a certain society and culture to nurture the artists , producers , directors , executives , advertisement companies , etc. . and the audience that adores the end product . 
  nicki minaj and other artists like her are products of the western world , of the western lifestyle . 
  it would be impossible for example southern mediterranean countries to generate mass culture like her because it goes just so badly against their culture and values of their societies . 
  only in reddit one has to define basic concepts such as the western lifestyle ... just for example open [ viva ] ( http://www.viva.tv/ ) from your tv or put [ nicki minaj ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seijmcin8mo ) on your playlist . 
  if southern mediterranean countries would become wealthy , developed , democratic , with strong human rights and essentially modern western life style then i do n't think that there would be no reason to extend the four freedoms of the european union by deepening co-operation via the mediterranean union . 
  however as it now looks , i do n't think that any southern mediterranean country will have a western lifestyle in the next 50 years . 
  in case of european union in europe , the founding treaties establish right for all european countries to join the union . 
  i do n't think that this right should n't abolished . 
  if for example people in kazakhstan want to join the western world , i do n't see any reason why we should n't let them in . 
  if i have understood it correctly , cost of underground construction has gone down tremendously . 
  machines are now more powerful and automated , thus there is less need for human labor . 
  another reason could the finnish bedrock that is much more stronger than what is under the channel , thus easing the construction . 
  i tried to find a link about the cost of underground construction coming down . 
  i saw one in wired in 2007/2008 . 
  however have to soon run to a client , so sorry for not providing than my opinion . 
  well ... helsinki is home of 1 million people and tallinn of 0,5 million . 
  what building the tunnel would create is a twin city that could leverage each others strengths and connect more closely , thus creating a bigger and more lucrative business and metropolitan hub to compete against other metropolitan areas in the baltic sea and nordic area . 
  however a bigger point is that finland is logistically an island . 
  all finnish products that either to european or global markets need either to be flown out or transported by sea . 
  thus any increase of oil prices or problems with sea and air lines will cause problems for the finnish export industries . 
  by building a tunnel from helsinki to tallinn , there would be another way to transport cargo and people to europe and back . 
  and again in case of costs , the calculated price for the tunnel would be 2 billion eur if it would include also trains transporting people . 
  in comparison the extension of helsinki metro to espoo alone costs 1 billion eur . 
  so if the estonians just get rich in the next two decades , then i really believe that it would be possible to build the tunnel and fast . 
  i think currently the problem is that the cost of building the tunnel is prohibitively expensive for the estonian government . 
  when estonia will develop further become more richer country , then it should be no problem on building the tunnel . 
  not to mention underground construction and tunneling are becoming less costlier every year . 
  the only thing that could speed the construction of the tunnel is if the finnish government would see that oil prices will make sea shipping become uncompetitive thus requiring building direct connection to europe for finnish export industries to keep operating . 
  already our government could afford to build the tunnel alone , but it would come with a heavy political cost . 
  thus the finnish part prefers to wait for estonians to become more richer . 
  good . 
  after the ukrainian crisis is over , we still will live with russians as our neighbors and it is thus better to keep things civilized . 
  nice . 
  but is n't la defence area been a little bit quiet in the recent years ? 
  i have heard that many office buildings are completely empty . 
  solar and wind have gone in the better direction cost/efficiency wise , but they are still not there . 
  without government subsidies and without favorable policies , like requiring other producers to scale down or up depending of alternations in solar and wind , to these producers , nobody would install new solar and wind capacity . 
  in case of gas , it is a fossil fuel and its continued and increased usage will only contribute more green house gases . 
  no , the only way to actually produce more energy that is cost effective is to either build hydro or nuclear energy . 
  it is the other way around . 
  subsidization of solar and wind energy in the expense of other production forms is bankrupting germany . 
  electricity prices are already so high that traditional german companies operating in process and energy intensive sectors are building their new production capacity in us and other places where there is abundance of cheap energy . 
  the remedy would be to stop subsidizing wind and solar . 
   invest heavily into solar panels manufacturing in the north . 
  =  more jobs manufacturing of solar panels does n't really create jobs as it is highly process intensive industry with high degree of automation . 
  not to mention that chinese producers are much cheaper thanks to chinese state subsidizing them . 
   invest into installing solar power in the south ( spain , italy , etc ) =  more jobs installing solar power in south creates jobs only for a short time and not even that much . 
  not to mention that after installing solar power you will be producing energy in a very inefficient way that requires heavy investments for fossil fuel plants . 
   invest into energy storage ( large water tanks ) as well as into power transmission lines =  more jobs major cost of building power lines comes from claiming land and material used to build the transmission line . 
  not really creating jobs . 
  better use of money is to just pump it to public institutions such as european bank of reconstruction and development and on general to european banking system . 
  let the market decide where they want to invest . 
  in some cases market may want to invest to solar where as in other case it may want to invest to nuclear power . 
  how about we let them negotiate the trade agreement and then when it is presented to the public make our decision . 
  if we do n't like it , then we spam our representatives in our local parliaments and in the europarliament . 
  sending this from phone ... 
  i van assure you that non-nuclear countries would n't fold . 
  any occupation or annexation would mean the ens of finnish and baltic nations . 
  they would fight to the end . 
  for example here in finland all major cities would be deserted and 300k to 500k men would be armed and put to fight mobile partisan war . 
  yes , helsinki would be ruble , but that is a small price to pay for continuend existence of our people . 
  i would think that poles and other easteners share the sentiment, 
  if the russians would attack a nato member and occupy it or part of it , the best response would be to hit russia where it is weak . 
  in this case it is the kaliningrad , by sieging it the russians would have a million of their citizens soon starving and a huge amount of their military near annihilation . 
  not to mention that if russia would have hit any nato member with nuclear weapons , kaliningrad would be the perfect place to hit back with force . 
  this would annihilate the russian army there and also destroy all nuclear weapons stored there , if the nato response would be large enough . 
  how many germans believe that usage of nuclear weapons is morally acceptable ? 
  how many germans believe that mass murder of civilians is morally acceptable ? 
  how many germans believe that bigger countries have the right to deny right for self determination of their smaller neighbors ? 
  the point i am making that germans are so pacifist today because of the ghosts of the second world war . 
  however that same pacifism could easily turned to strong determinism to resist party guilty of those same sins that the forefathers of current germans did . 
  it would be betrayal of all values that post-war germans worked hard if they abandoned their neighbors or accepted mass murder of people . 
   russia using nukes tactically is an interesting scenario . 
  if they used nukes to establish material and manpower superiority in the baltics , nato could , of course , respond with tactical nukes against their baltic positions . 
  russia would n't need to use nukes in baltics . 
  they already have material and manpower superiority . 
  what they do n't have is air superiority . 
  what nato would need to provide at the first stages would be ... * air superiority in baltics and poland . 
  striking against russian convoys and positions . 
  the baltic armies could then have a fighting chance . 
  * start siege of kaliningrad and in case russia would threathen or use nuclear weapons , threaten to do the same with kaliningrad . 
  * start rapid and heavily mobile operations where nato troops together with air force strike deep to russian targets and then quickly move away . 
  * start to move heavy weapons toward poland and other eastern countries . 
  what you have to understand that defending nato against russia would be fought from northernmost parts of norway to black sea . 
  nato response could then be for example usage of nuclear weapons in transnistria to wipe out old soviet weapon deposits . 
  or it could be sieging whole european russia by denying passage to arctic sea , to mediterranean , to baltic sea , etc. . . 
  russia would be more than welcome to join the european union if they would agree to reform their country to a point where it could be easily absorbed to the union . 
  if joining the union is out of question , then there is always option to make a free trade agreement . 
  however russian leadership has n't even been warm to these suggestions as they would essentially mean them loosing power and russia becoming part of the current world order build on capitalism and free function of markets . 
  in short they would loose direct power , however the russian people would gain better living standards . 
   under those circumstances , putin clearly assumes , many in the us would oppose responding . 
  `` all progressive and even all reactionary american society '' would shout ``' we do not want to die for f ****** narva , mr. president ! ''' and 70 percent of germans would insist on neutrality . 
  what the hell are they smoking ?
