  and no , that ca n't be fixed by devaluations , because china , india and co. have unbeatable advantage in work costs and now also in scale of economies . 
  the only way southern countries can reverse their stagnant or declining economies is to rise in the value chain . 
  however what that needs is more dynamic economies that can generate new growth opportunities . 
  for example italy is a rich and developed country with high education and high amounts of capital , however due to public sector strangling the private sector with zealous labor legislation , burdensome taxation and complex and slow bureaucracy , italians are n't starting new businesses fast enough to replace those which are dying !, 
  another example that i could make is estonia vs. portugal . 
  currently portugal has the gdp per capita ( nominal ) of 20,995 usd while estonia has 18,852 usd and will overtake portugal in less than half decade . 
  imagine , an old soviet republic catching up an old western country and old eu country . 
  and that is n't because portuguese are lazy or stupid , it is because portuguese public sector has been strangling the private sector singe ages . 
  compare this to estonia where the public sector has largely tried to keep the private sector as free as possible , and thanks to that they have enjoyed strong economic growth . 
  i really have to wonder do all of the eastern european countries need to catch old western states before people actually believe that they need reforms , that they need to allow private sector to act freely and reign down the overburdening public sector ? 
  wake up call for out politicians and people that we need to do serious structural reforms and cut our spending now , especially by cutting public sector and too lavish social spending . 
  currently thanks to our legislation and taxation , our smes do n't grow/want to grow , no newcomers to helsinki stock exchange !, 
  we have to act now . 
   ** solar energy and shale are the future , not costly nuclear power plants ** the uk needs to focus on areas that do n't require a subsidy : shale and solar energy in what alternative reality solar energy does n't need subsidies ? 
  note !, 
  finnish gdp per capita ( nominal ) is 49,055 usd * basic unemployment benefit/social security benefit are approx 700e/month . 
  * if you have been a member of unemployment benefit fund , you will get for the first 500 days of your unemployment , unemployment benefit tied to your wage : in average that would be something around 1200-1400e / month . 
  however the benefit is not linear , thus high income earners usually ca n't afford to stay unemployed too long . 
  * you can exist always in finland if you are citizen , the state will take care of you if you just let them . 
  personally my opinion about our benefit levels is divided . 
  on the other hand it is good that we give benefits , on the other hand if i would be unemployed even for a month or two , i am screwed because as high income earner my benefit levels are relatively low . 
  however i have few low income earners and for them earnings tied unemployment benefits are good way to have some holiday . 
  overall i feel that i am screwed , but what can i do other than to work harder as i do like the idea of welfare state . 
  i just wish that everybody else had better work ethics . 
  edit : let me cry little bit more ... * if your monthly wage is ... 1000e , your benefit is 817 , or 81 % of wage * if your monthly wage is ... 1500e , your benefit is 1033 , or 68 % of wage * if your monthly wage is ... 2000e , your benefit is 1248 , or 64 % of wage * if your monthly wage is ... 3000e , your benefit is 1680 , or 56 % of wage * if your monthly wage is ... 4000e , your benefit is 2010 , or 50 % of wage * if your monthly wage is ... 5000e , your benefit is 2202 , or 44 % of wage i cry because earnings based unemployment benefits are largely paid by taxpayers . 
  so as a high income earner i pay more taxes , and if i become unemployed i get much less back and have to get a new job as soon possible . 
  edit2 : just tested the earnings based unemployment benefits calculator . 
  the lowest relative bound is 20 % of your wage . 
  so if you have been a high flying ceo with a monthly wage of 100k eur , you will reach that low bound . 
  i really have to congratulate our politicians and governments bureaucrats , they have really succeeded to make a system where at least one part of the population has a huge motivation to find new work if they become unemployed . 
   this is by no means unique to finnish , and people could still have wondered about that even in the absence of finnish . 
  true from a point of view of an linguist , but maybe not from the point of an ordinary people . 
  for example to my girlfriend ( native farsi/hebrew speaker ) it is still puzzling that from the way we speak , you ca n't deduce is one talking about he or she , which itself has impact on our daily lives . 
  i also have noted that it is an effort for me to use he/she correctly when talking about daily life , also have noted that when finns speak english , instead of using he/she correctly , they usually just use he . 
  while those little nuances might not be new for a linguist or actually anything to wonder about , they are living reminder for the rest of us that there are different ways to tell about and view the world . 
  maybe i would n't put too much emphasis on our language on how our society works , but then again it makes you wonder , why do n't we have gender specific pronouns and why do others have ? 
  anyways , the point i believe sofi was making is that languages have value in their self and loosing living languages is every time a loss . 
  i do n't understand , what was your problem with that paragraph ? 
  russian state wants to be in a dominant position relative to its neighbours . 
  in 2008 during georgian war , the russian leadership started to realize that they did n't anymore have a collection of small countries bordering them , but an 500 million people union that did have an opinion and did want to interfere with the situation in georgia . 
  after that realization russian state started to concentrate more and more of its efforts to deal with eu members individually , not as an union . 
  gas trade to this day has been the most prominent tool that russia has tried to brake differences between eu member states : special deal for you if you scratch our back . 
  not to of course forget backing and supporting of far-right eurosceptic parties around europe . 
  i have to say that it is unfortunate that russian leadership has taken an confrontational position against europe . 
  they do n't seem to understand that united europe in the long run is very beneficial for them . 
  eu countries are content with borders ; they are happy and able to pay the market price for russian commodities ; they are more and more internally orientated , not wanting to project force in large scale such as us in iraq . 
  if things would have developed peacefully , there would have been a larger divide between of nato between us and european countries . 
  however due to kremlin confrontational attitude against europe , they have reinvogorated nato , they have alarmed european states again to arm themselves better , they have pushed the eu to deepen integration to be able responde against russian threats , they have pushed the eu to secure other energy sources and decrease their dependency of russian oil and gas . 
  i really have to wonder what the hell they were thinking in kremlin ? 
  do they really think that it is good idea to make sure that eu does n't want to co-operate with them ? 
  making sure that chinease are even more bolder when dealing with them . 
  capitalism and market driven economy are ways to organize production as efficiently as possible . 
  a whole another question is how the rest of the society is organized . 
  for example nordic countries that are usually painted as socialist utopias are in reality hard core capitalist market driven economies , the major difference with them is that in them the citizens have decided to have more solidarity with each others than in other countries . 
  prepaid works if you only use them with a phone that has never had any other than prepaid sims with it . 
  that said , your location is still known , and while that does n't give your identity away , do not ever use it to access online services that have your real identity . 
  no , that is stupid . 
  your operator already knows your imei code , your sim , everything and everyplace you have been with them . 
  the police only needs to make a search request for the operator with for exampe a number that they are investigating , that will produce all imei codes that you have used with that number , and those imei codes can then be used to track what other numbers you have used , and again those numbers can be used to search for more imei codes . 
  however luckily police are usually quite too incompetant and telecom operators quite too lazy to do anything . 
  islamic groups should just shut the fuck up and concentrate on educating people why it is wrong to go to fight in the middle-east , why raping is wrong , why beheading people is wrong ... islamic groups would have a point if tory groups would be advocating recreating british empire and enslaving approx 30 % of the world population , but as long as they are not doing that , they do n't have a point to make . 
  in 2008 the world economy grinded to a halt , it is no wonder that co emmissions dropped then . 
  however there is even more things than explain ups and downs , such as how much has it rained in sweden and norway . 
  if there has been huge amounts of rain , hydro dams have more than enough water and have to just generate as much electricity as possible and sell it via nord pool with a lower price , thus reducing usage of other power generation sources . 
  well , the extension of helsinki metro will cost around 970 million eur . 
  the extension 14km long . 
  even with metro prices the cost would be around 5 billion eur . 
  however most of the money in the metro project goes to building of stations . 
  building of the actual tunnel is relatively a small part of the project . 
  the article got it wrong . 
  it would not be done and paid by the eu . 
  it would give regional development funds to it , but it still would mostly paid by finland and estonia . 
  another thing that the article got wrong was the price . 
  finnish authorities have estimated it to cost 1 billion eur , not 9 billion . 
  i do n't understand where did they got that price . 
  anyways , finland could already afford to build the tunnel . 
  that is n't a problem . 
  the problem is that for estonia this would be the project of am century as they are much smaller than we and they still much less monet than we do . 
  i would day that this project will come true only when rail baltica has been build , not before it . 
  the problem is that houses cost 150k eur and in italy a doctor earns 1300 eur for a 4 years contract . 
  a postman earns 1100 , and a waiter 1200 . 
  people do n't leave their parents ' houses because they ca n't afford a house . 
  italy is littered with houses with a `` for sale '' billboard outside . 
  nobody can afford them . 
  you have seriously malfunctioning job market if an doctor with 4 year contract earns just 1300 eur month !!!, 
  hear in helsinki just graduated doctor will earn at min that 2500e ( brutto ) . 
  doctors who choose to work in rural communities will usually earn 5000e to 7000e , and that is due to nobody wanting to leave big cities . 
  anyway italy is not a poor country , your gdp per capita ( nominal ) is 34,714 usd while our is 47,129 usd . 
  your doctors should be making much more money than they do know . 
  the job market is seriously corrupted due to young ( temporary contracts ) vs. old ( permanent contracts ) . 
   no , and in italy it would never work , nor anybody would accept to buy an apartment at those conditions . 
  who pays if the company goes bankrupt ? 
  who pays if the roof collapses ? 
  who pays if they decide to redo all the kitchens but you just redid yours ? 
  housing is property for us , and we do n't want to rely on anything because we know that we ca n't rely on anything . 
  i have not heard of housing stock companies that have went bankrupt . 
  they are not in business , they are just there as legal vehicle to manage things . 
  however if an housing stock company would go bankrupt , the owners would be shielded as it is a limited liability company , however they would loose their apartments . 
  in case if the roof collapses , due to severe storms , the stock owners will pay it . 
  of course the housing stock company will fix it right away either by using its own capital or buy taking a loan from the bank .
