  i have to disagree with you . 
  fiscal discipline is not northern european invention , before the crisis portugal and spain had enough fiscal discipline and italy was slowly addressing its debt issue . 
  after the crisis hit , spain has probably done the most to address its short comings , and italy and portugal are right behind it . 
  however greece is in whole another category , with them i agree that it will take time before the political culture adjusts , but i do n't think that is impossible . 
  furthermore when we are talking about devaluation , there is a large difference if a country like britain faces a devaluation than a small country like for example finland . 
  the difference being that a small economy is relatively more linked with the world economy than an economy of large country . 
  thus when a small country devalues its currency , there are more private companies and individuals that suffer from it . 
  more so we have to remember that small countries have smaller credibility in the markets and that credibility can disappear more quickly than with a big country . 
  maybe i suffer from the trauma of the depression that happened in the beginning of 90s . 
  what happened then was that there was huge domino collapse of companies and individuals going bust and taking banks with them : first bankcrupcies were companies and individuals with foreign loans , the next ones were victims of the failures . 
  at that time there were two options , either devaluate the external value of make an internal devaluation , it was calculated that by lowering 2-5 % of all wages , we could have prevented the devaluation of our currency . 
  we did n't do that and we suffered from the consequences . 
  in my honest opinion , it is a better choice to force the society and the economy to change than to buy time by doing a devaluation and keeping things how they are . 
  and if we go back on the issue of forcing the society to change , i believe that the eu can offer more humane way of obligatory change than being crushed by the market . 
  if greece would separate from euro , [ the value of its new currency would be less than half of euro ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/nomura-presents-fair-value-european-currencies-euro-breakup-scenario ) , and this figure represents the state of matters after the initial shock wave had gone by . 
  this more or less means that your average greeks purchasing power would drop by this amount , again comparable on what happened in the ex-communist countries . 
  so the price of a failure is very high . 
  additionally problems in greece and uk of 1976 differ very much . 
  where as in the uk industry was crippled by either inefficient management or the unions , at least the labor force was in the correct area . 
  in greece however you have huge public sector that needs to be cut down , and you have state owned corporations that need to be either shutdown or privatized . 
  these problems are so fundamental for the economy that they ca n't be fixed by devaluation of a currency , they need to be addressed right away . 
  you also have to again remember that the reason why uk had to loan money from the imf was to remain liquid and to be able to take part in international trade . 
  debt was n't really a problem as that was denominated largely in the british pounds . 
  however in greece the debt is in euros and if the greeks would return to their own currency , they would instantly default all their debts and the only way they could trade with the outside world would be to export the amount of money that they need to import . 
  being in the euro has n't prevented the crisis , but it has prevented systematic failure of the greek society and provided time for the greeks to adjust their economy to prevent the still potential complete failure of the society . 
  in finland you can either study three years in a vocational school or you can make an contract with a firm for an apprenticeship that usually takes 3 years also , however you also have to take some studies in a vocational school . 
  and if you want to do something other than manual labor , for example if you want to work in bank doing something other than being in the register , you have to have an bachelors or masters degree . 
  i personally think that apprenticeships are n't necessarily the best way to teach for manual work . 
  in apprenticeship you learn from one job , however it is a completely different thing on are those things done correctly . 
  for example my girlfriend who is a cook has been thought things quite differently than of her elders , and she has to from time to time fight with some of them because they do things stupidly/want her to do things stupidly as they were instructed to do . 
  my girl friend has over 10 years of work experience and is very respected at her work my her bosses , so she probably know what she is doing ... point being that we need to bring new ideas and new ways of how to work into workplaces , if we do n't do that , we do n't develop and become better . 
  i also think that people should get used to studying . 
  in this day and age when you get a job , you wo n't be doing that for the rest of your life , you need to train more , certify , re-train completely into a different field , etc. . . 
  thus it is not that important on how you can do your current job , but it more important that you have the flexibility to change with the times . 
  the problem in your assessment is that you do n't take into notice the fact that greece would fail this instance without the help from the eu . 
  the reason why things are still getting worser in greece is because the real economy has n't had time to adjust . 
  for example greece has two times more teachers than finland , that to note scored at the top of the pisa study , thus what needs to be done is to get rid of half of the teachers . 
  unfortunately organizations do n't change so quickly , and worse than that , people themselves ca n't change that quickly . 
  those laid of teachers would have to re-educate and get a new job . 
  what the eu and greece are doing is walking in a fine line , if the eu does n't give enough slack , things worsen too quickly , and if greece does n't do enough reforms and re-organize itself quickly enough , money is being wasted , and that can lead to a point where money stops flowing . 
  what we are seeing now in greece is comparable to a situation where the west after the fall of communism would have assisted the ex-soviet block with a strict economic guidance in exchange of assistance . 
  now it is a totally different matter on what is the best option , to fail hard fast and then slowly struggle back or change more slowly and have the hardship spread to a bigger time frame . 
  cheers mate . 
  however you are looking net contributions from an wrong angle , you are taking the absolute figure that a country contributes , not the per capita figure . 
  i quickly took the figures from [ danish web site ] ( http://www.eu-oplysningen.dk/euo_en/spsv/all/79/ ) . 
  * luxembourg = -2412.92 * netherlands = -1751.74 * denmark = -1119.35 * sweden = -1048.47 * germany = -901.44 * belgium = -820.91 * united kingdom = -685.37 * austria = -646.71 * france = -473.48 * italy = -341.07 * finland = -325.95 * cyprus = -134.84 * romania = 276.65 * bulgaria = 436.24 * slovenia = 440.22 * czech republic = 638.08 * malta = 689.05 * spain = 820.58 * slovakia = 1145.24 * poland = 1347.05 * ireland = 1557.79 * hungary = 1595.15 * estonia = 1685.03 * latvia = 2142.19 * portugal = 2334.26 * lithuania = 2343.07 * greece = 4866.21 so contributions by member states would be in this order . 
  however i have to say that i do n't think that these figures are the reality , they also tell about the reality in the same way that the figures open europe has publicized - they give you a view of reality , but only from a certain angle . 
  of course as an finnish pro-europe person i should be happy about these numbers as they state that finland is only small net contributor thus stating that our eurosceptics are again wrong in this issue . 
  but then again , i have my doubts about these figures . 
  [ tax revenues by member states ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/4/4d/7_breakdown_of_tax_revenue_by_country_and_by_detailed_tax_categories.png ) looking by these figures we can see that in year-something eu states collected 46 billion euros of import taxes . 
  biggest collector of import taxes was germany with 18,5 billion , netherlands collected 5,7 billions , compare this to france with 1,8 billion , or to britain with 2,9 billion or to italy with 2,0 billion . 
  this exemplifies that collection of import duties distort eu contribution figures . 
  i think that it would be a pretty simple task for one to take these figures and use them to `` fix '' figures by open europe or scale import to match vat . 
  however i wo n't do that , at least now , i was planning to make some evening java code !, 
  damn you reddit !!, 
  one problem with figures of open europe is that the contributions are calculated from all money going into the eu , however not all contributions are equal . 
  for example import duties collected by member states and contributed to the eu are included in the calculate contribution by a member state . 
  this is a problem because we do n't take into account where the imported goods go from there . 
  for example open europe figures show that netherlands is huge contributor , but that is at least partly because netherlands is shipping hub where import taxes are collected , however these items mainly go to other places in europe , for example to germany . 
  there are also other points of criticism about the figures , but unfortunately my memory fails me as it is years since i have been looking and discussing about these . 
  one thing that may have contributed to cameron playing rough is that the uk has just sued ecb into the ecj due to it setting up a policy requiring all major clearing houses doing euro denominated trades to be located inside the eurozone . 
  [ u.k. sues european central bank over proposed eurozone rule ] ( http://www.insidecounsel.com/2011/11/01/uk-sues-european-central-bank-over-proposed-eurozo ) [ eurosystem policy framework ] ( http://www.ecb.int/paym/pol/policies/html/index.en.html ) i have to confess that i 'm not the right person to comment on if what the ecb is suggesting is really needed or not . 
  if it is really needed then there should be some compromise that would allow ecb to have more control and authority while allowing clearing houses to locate freely inside in the eu . 
  true that . 
  however i would like to add that before the national referendum people more or less got the idea that the ec is n't just an economic union , but much more . 
  in the beginning of 90s we already had joined the erm and everybody knew what was ecu , thus while it was n't underlined that we would join the single currency , it was more or less implied so . 
  welcome to work in finland , you do n't need to know the language , you only need marketable skills and ability to speak english . 
  for example in the it-field we are in continous need of skilled java and . net developers , also if you know how to code tight code for embedded systems with c/c + + , you can get a job . 
  if you do n't have it-skills , there are still other jobs , for example many estonians work in the construction industry and more and more of refugees have been employed by the sector . 
  actually you do n't necessarily need to speak even english , one of my friends dated a spanish building worker that was out here for few months working to get his loans paid in spain . 
  she complained that he only spoke spanish , could n't speak english at all . 
  then there are also still some projects going on to import nurses from philippines , they give some basic schooling with the finnish language and how people work in here , and them they bring them here . 
  financial regulations will be decided by qualified majority voting and after this stunt , i do n't think that neither france or germany have lots of sympathy for the british position , and thus will do what ever they need to do in order to get the new regulations pushed through the council . 
  what goes to cameron 's threat on not allowing eurozone countries to use eu institutions in their intergovernmental treaty , that is playing with a double sided sword . 
  if the push comes to shovel , euro countries might just go and create new institutions that they need and this would be a disaster for britain . 
  agreed . 
  i was also impressed that van rompuy has the guts to suggest what has been self-evident since the start of the whole crisis , to solve the crisis we need to use ecb . 
  by making the european financial stability facility a bank , we have the needed firepower to rescue even bigger economies and we get rid of the national policy making that is now holding out on reorganizing troubled economies . 
  autobahns and high-speed trains for everybody !, 
  we already have an european identity , the problem with this identity is that it is hard to separate it from our national identity . 
  for example i 'm finnish and what makes me a finn is our language and our culture , however a large part of that culture and cultural values have come from europe in the last thousand years . 
  thus it is impossible for me to say where my finnish identity ends and from where my european identity starts , they are the same . 
  i would also like to add a point to the language discussion , any talk about shared european language and would be the best candidate to it is futile and without any point , because europe is not about common language , it is about shared values , history and tolerance and acceptance of difference . 
  that is why the motto of the european union is ` united in diversity ' . 
  any talk about common language is just disguised talk about becoming english/french/german / etc. . . 
  i ca n't understand why people have this obsession that people can only become one if they share a common language . 
  no , sorry , if we would only speak one language , if one language would trump all other languages , we would just become another usa/china/russia and stop being europe . 
  and before some smarty pants comes up and points out that i use english , then i must note that i use english out of my free will , and that is the way it should be . 
  i can use english , german , swedish or finnish where it suites me and where i want to use it . 
  that is it . 
  i would say that a minority of people tend to idealize the us and this group of people have been decreasing in number for quite a long time . 
  and this is not because of the current financial crisis in the us , but it goes deeper . 
  let me open this one as i too once used to see us system in more positive light and more as an example , but not anymore . 
  here are few reasons for it ... * usa is a major oil and gas producer itself with amble of other natural resources . 
  us currently produces approx 30 % of oil and 100 % of gas it uses . 
  this gives the us economy a tremendous boost of production and wealth : it is easier to pump oil from the ground than producing goods to buy that oil . 
  we in the eu do n't have the boost from natural resources , we have to buy that from external sources , still our gdp per capita ( nominal ) is quite close to the us , so our system must be not functioning that bad . 
  * in us and in britain in the last 30 years there has been a bigger economic growth , but there are lots of question marks over it . 
  what i mean is that in both places there has been a large decrease of public sector and services it has provided . 
  while this diverted money into other sectors of economy , i would claim that has also caused a decrease of human capital that is starting to show .
