  you know you just went `` oh but what about those other people in the front page ? '', 
  do n't you usually take someone higher up the chain of command to trial over those ? 
  they 've been killed according to one rebel group . 
  they have not been killed according to the turkish government . 
  i have no clue . 
  i 'm sure mr. putin will be devastated once he hears some fuckface on the internet ( see , it 's hard to resist when it 's your reddit handle ) made a comment about said irony . 
  also , yes whataboutism . 
  textbook case . 
  oh hey look , whataboutism !, 
  the rest will happen covertly , if at all . 
  maybe a few weapon shipments to the kurds , or `` accidental '' bombing of targets in syria that turkey does n't want to see bombed . 
  russia is n't going to pick a fight with turkey . 
  but they * might * accidentally airdrop some weapons to the kurds , and accidentally bomb a few targets in syria that turkey does n't want to see bombed . 
  all by pure accident , you see . 
  does n't article 5 only apply in a defensive context ? 
  turkey did not at any point come under attack . 
  strong diplomatic language . 
  called it . 
  however , russia and turkey never really were friends . 
  yeah , likely . 
  been a * long * time since i played that game ... 
  yep , they do . 
  lucky for europe , in a way , had the ottomans not had a lot of their forces occupied with the russian front , it 'd been even more difficult to kick 'em out of the balkans . 
  well , russian things right of the bat ( i do apologize , i had to make a lousy pun ) would be pretty much the worst action to take at the moment , anyway . 
  i mean , after all , the russian goal is to preserve their strategic interests in the region ; picking a fight with turkey would be a very expensive distraction . 
  the consequences will likely be limited to `` very strong diplomatic language '' . 
  and russia might `` accidentally '' bomb a target or two in syria that turkey would n't like to see bombed . 
  my guess is `` not much '' , too . 
  well . 
  i * suppose * the russian authorities will send a letter to turkey that will be worded as strongly as diplomatic language would still allow , but that 's about it . 
  well obviously they 'll each spin their own narrative . 
  the only thing i remember from that intro is that apparently nod bombed pulled some terrorist attacks on us . 
  i suppose the turkish government should expect a strongly worded letter from the russian representatives , in fact worded as strongly as diplomatic language would allow . 
  but that 's going to be it , methinks . 
  i 'm sure they have generators . 
  their lives wo n't be made that difficult . 
  civilians , on the other hand ... 
  indeed , i kinda agree . 
  if the public knows about covert/intelligence ops , it can only be for two reasons . 
  one , it 's old enough that the information is no longer sensitive ; or two , someone messed up . 
  switzerland and austria seem to be both falling under `` lazy '' . 
  and russia atheist ? 
  i mean , if you wan na do stereotypes , do them right , 
  prime minister miro cerar said in an interview for tv slovenia emphasized that slovenia does not intend to accept immigrants , would germany or austria reject them . 
  the prime minister 's eu summit in malta pointed out that the immigrants do not want to be in slovenia , and that slovenia could n't manage such a move . 
  he added that for such a measure , nor the legal and factual basis . 
  `` it is quite clear that all who came to slovenia , came through croatia . 
  and the fact that we are doing register was conditional on good cooperation with austria and our responsible actions as schengen states , '' he warned cerar . 
  he recalled that slovenia within the framework of the agreement on the redistribution of immigrants between the member states of the eu 's assumed a certain quota and to be taken , but that the enforced return could not accept . 
  even tougher rules for newcomers he also confirmed that slovenia is considering tightening asylum law , some changes in the law have been drawn up some time ago . 
  he added that the standards in the slovenian asylum law already lower than eg . 
  germany and sweden , so we are already `` close to the minimum '' rules of the eu . 
  yet the government still sees opportunities for a stricter regime and `` if necessary , we will of course use this option and the national assembly proposed amendments to the law '' . 
  he also met with his croatian counterpart zoran milanovi\u0107 , from which cerar expected to croatia on its borders acted similarly , as a measure of slovenia . 
  `` it was an agreement and so far from any country east and south of us is not good enough handle . 
  therefore , this measure was necessary anyway , '' he said about the decision on setting up a wire fence . 
  since the border fence despite still transitional , they consider `` any overreaction by croatia in a way unnecessary '' . 
  ** edited for clarity in the parts where google translate made things sound weird, 
  yeah , three months without one of those popping up is a rather long time . 
  the fence is a pretty sad state of affairs , but at this point , yes , it * is * necessary . 
  the real `` unnecessary '' thing is that it had to come this far , because the eu ca n't handle this thing properly and we have to fend for ourselves . 
  croatia was going to pull something like that no matter what . 
  the border in many places is ... complicated . 
  still , the funny thing is , that vader is also a high-ranking figure in an imperialist and oppressive empire ... 
  so the symbolism of this is all kinds of messed up . 
  we did n't need the army to handle the first wave and we needed to change legislation in order to be able to send the army now . 
  that 's something the government ca n't do on its own , it needs to go through the assembly where it was going to be inevitably bogged down by a bunch of folks who love hearing the sound of their own voice . 
  hey , it 's not my fault that it 's a damn cult of personality . 
  honestly , i think slovenia should have joined vi\u0161egrad . 
  and should try to get in there in the future . 
  there 's always delays and quarrels there ... for some reason . 
  tho i 'm not really watching today 's session so i do n't know what about . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/20/us-europe-migrant-slovenia-iduskcn0se0ds20151020 seems pahor , of all people , actually got the word out . 
  i 'm surprised , actually . 
  see , our government is in a bit of a pickle here . 
  if they do n't close the border , the sds cultists are going to go `` lol government useless , ca n't figure out a way to take care of the country , resign and snap election lol '' . 
  if the government accepts aid from other eu countries ( and again , i maintain that we do n't have the manpower to police the entire border with just our own people ) , the the sds cultists are going to go `` lol government useless , ca n't figure out a way to take care of the country on their own , resign and snap election lol '' . 
  and chances are that in the middle of a real crisis , the first * real * one we 're facing , even , we 're going to revert to infighting . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm really not convinced we 're closing our borders anytime soon . 
  hell , we do n't even have the manpower for it . 
  it 's a goddamn clusterfuck of public opinion here . 
  and we 're stupid enough as a nation to start in-fighting over politics in the middle of a crisis . 
  seriously , we should annex ourselves back to austria , as we simply are n't fit to have a country of our own . 
  that 'll only happen if we close our borders , otherwise they 'll keep doing what they 've been doing so far , which is `` not give a fuck and just dump them on someone else '' . 
  yeah , we 've already said we 'd like to become a full member , but the 5 year period needs to be over first . 
  great job eesti , now i hope we get in there soon as well . 
  i think we 've already requested full membership , but it 's still in the paperworks . 
  he 's * right * . 
  `` but dad , what is this * sharia law * ? '', 
  `` fuck if i know , but we got ta play the part ... '', 
   the gap between men and women has been narrowing because of technology and societal changes . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  and that 's why it 's just ignorant to say that a woman who 's 20 years today will be subject to the same treatment in ten years as a woman who 's 30 today is subject to today . 
  statistically , on average . 
  because progress marches on . 
  what do you mean it happened in switzerland * first * ? 
  hungary has a fence up already , and orban 's been around for a while . 
  and he surely is n't going to lose the next election over it . 
  but it 's always a problem when an election is decided over a single issue ...
