  so yeah , it will happen and likely not the last set of sanctions either . 
  because of article 9 of its constitution , which was drawn up while japan was occupied by the allies . 
  the article that pretty much states that japan as a nation `` forever renounces war as a sovereign right , and in order to do so , will not maintain land sea or air forces '' . 
  i mean i have not been following in the last few years , has that article been nullified and constitution amended ? 
  japan ? 
  are you allowing them to actually have an army now ? 
  ( maybe bush wanted another flag on his `` coalition '' i guess ... ? ), 
  this `` any minute now '' narrative can backfire , because the minutes have been getting kind of long . 
  i 've been hearing it since the crimea affair ; `` oh yeah , putin 's oligarch friends are totally going to leave him hanging real soon , really '' . 
  we might to want to get on with that plan . 
  sanctions are happening , and yes , they will be escalated . 
  but sadly , we ca n't relocate russia away from europe or vice versa , that 'd kind of be the optimal solution . 
  someone invest into researching tectonics some more . 
  poland is calling it a `` last resort '' ? 
  well , then it 's not happening anytime soon , since , poland is likely the fourth fiercest opponent of russia politically , after the baltic states . 
  i get up , brush my teeth , and go to work . 
  my bills are n't going to pay themselves . 
  nah , it 's all just because we do n't let people who have it all already take whatever 's left . 
  you should believe me , i 'm claiming to be an economist . 
  seems a bit on the high side . 
  i mean , trusting russians further than you can throw them is a bit of a stretch . 
  that ship has already sailed , francois . 
  in war , you got ta take the partners you have , because you do n't get the partners you want . 
  if i learned one thing in my internet spelunking , it 's that when people say `` i do n't care what you think '' , they very much do care , they 're just trying to keep up a `` tough '' face for any incidental observers . 
  and so i will tell you what i detected in you . 
  a conceited , self-absorbed asshole . 
  you do n't know shit about me . 
  but you want to believe i 'm a piece of shit so that you can feel good about yourself . 
  you want to feel like you `` pwn 'd '' me , you want to assert your superiority over me . 
  that 's why you keep calling me names . 
  another thing i learned in life is that when people try to assert dominance over me , they 're either trying to have something at my expense , or they 're trying to get into my pants . 
  so , which one is it ? 
  actually , do n't answer that , we 're done here . 
  congratulations , you won an argument on the internet by exasperating the other guy into leaving !, 
  do n't forget to wipe all that creamy spooge of your keyboard after you 're done celebrating . 
  well i 'm sorry i did n't know you had such an intimate knowledge of russian politics . 
  care to link a source for that , you know , one showing that putin and zyuganov are in cahoots ? 
  because it looks like a long shot to me , so i 'm still 53 % convinced you 're just winging it here and making this up . 
  `` putin 's bitter soviet nostalgia '' is a bit ... dramatic , considering that one of his loudest critics , gennady zyuganov , who actually does have wet dreams about the ussr , hates putin for being too soft , and thinks that russia should in fact invade and annex former soviet republics , sooner rather than later . 
  and zyuganov 's the head of the second largest russian party , and the so-far eternal runner-up in the presidential elections . 
  i sure would n't want that guy in charge of russia , in fact , i 'd rather not even give him the chance to try and seize power , putin 's the lesser evil between the two . 
  as for the nuclear conflict ? 
  i do n't think russia has any particular interest in dropping nukes in its back yard ( talking `` distance '' here , not `` ownership '' ) , and it also has no reason to drop them anywhere else , because putin knows what that would mean for him . 
  the guy might be a kgb asshole , but he 's not stupid . 
  zyuganov , on the other hand ... yeah i can imagine that guy dropping nukes . 
  no , i expected you to explain why the assassination of nemtsov * in particular * is disgusting . 
  since i consider them all disgusting , but it 's only the ones like this that get any fallout . 
  i also noted that we 've already made up our minds , because let 's face it , if it turned out that it * was n't * a job by at least government supporters ( if not the government itself ) after all ( it wo n't turn out that way , but if it did ) , both you and me would be very surprised . 
  so we 're pretty much wasting our breath `` discussing '' something we 've already made up our minds on . 
  speaking of heads in asses , if you shove yours just half an inch upwards , it 's going to be back on your shoulders , right where it belongs . 
  well , it would be considered `` irrefutable evidence '' had that been a russian flag ... 
  people ... `` like me '' ? 
  please good sir , present the full psychological profile on me that you have compiled based on one sentence i said that one time , for you obviously have the expertise to do so . 
  either that , or stop being such a self-absorbed , vainglorious asshat . 
  hey , i resent that !, 
  i 've been a gunner since the dawn of time !, 
  ( which makes it kinda annoying they always get knocked out immediately in the playoffs ... ), 
  as someone wiser than me once said , `` war does n't decide who 's right , only who 's left . '', 
  but yes , the tensions have been escalating lately . 
  i 'll selfishly ( and in vain ) hope that the `` nothing good '' takes a detour around europe for a change ... 
  and here i thought it was going to be a joke about the hostel movies . 
  well , we at least went shopping across the border a lot in yugo times . 
  in fact , having lived just south of the border i remember we drove over to villach like every two weeks ... 
  i do n't know , guess we got momentarily too angry with this `` foreign overlord '' thing , and just out of a war . 
  i agree that it 'd possibly be better , tho , yes ... 
  what makes this assassination in particular `` disgusting '' , apart from the fact that it was n't our guys who did it ? 
  indeed , and if putin were a high-ranking nato official , he 'd want to keep russia contained . 
  this is n't about ukraine , it 's about geopolitical interests . 
  oh hey , he broke the rules , he was speeding , and now he 's crying foul ? 
  seriously now . 
  what is this , italian football , where you first kick your opponent then dive and try to get him a yellow card ? 
  oh hey , we 're officially in a dickwaving contest now . 
  there any room in canada or australia to get a bit away from the potential mess ? 
  i 'd really rather they left europe alone this time :(, 
  well , they did n't want to stay with us . 
  yes , he was going to say that . 
  yes , most commenters here were going to react with `` lol putin you so silly '' . 
  let 's move on , there 's just a puddle of blood and some shattered bones where the horse used to be . 
  you do n't know how i look , buddy . 
  if you did , you 'd know i 'm way out of your league , so you would n't be trying to seduce me with that manly alpha-manliness of yours , because i 'm just too good for you . 
  even if it * would * be legal for us to get married now , it just would n't work , sorry :(, 
  soviet union ? 
  you 're in the wrong part of the world , mate . 
  not even warsaw pact , much less ussr itself . 
  he technically ca n't refuse to sign . 
  drnov\u0161ek did that once , and there was a whole foxtrot about it . 
  well , they would n't be able to drag their children along and abuse them to push their ideology otherwise , so they had to make it `` about the children '' , but as i said up there , if they want to convince me they * actually * give a slightest toss about `` the childrens '' they should have organized a fundraising event for children living below the poverty line . 
  but no , screw those , `` do n't f * ck if you ca n't afford a kid '' , they 'll tell you . 
  now , in order to shoot down a law , of course more than 50 % of attending constituents need to vote for the law to be repealed , but also at least 20 % of * all * constituents need to vote for the law to be repealed . 
  so if the attendance is less than 20 % , the referendum automatically fails because the opponents could n't get enough votes even theoretically . 
  that was not so on the referendum 3 years ago . 
  as for the conditions to be able to call a referendum , 40.000 constituents ' signatures , i think . 
  did they also have a huge fundraising for children who live in poverty , at least ? 
  oh what am i saying , of course they did n't , because they do n't give a toss about `` the children '' . 
  they just pretend they do . 
  same as here . 
  that 's exactly what some more vocal opponents were saying , yes . 
  silly folks . 
  and they 're being serious about it ... 
  that is true , yes .
