  the 10 non-permanent ones ( each with a two year term ) do n't have it . 
  germany and japan , while being part of g8 , are * not * permanent unsc members , and * can not * veto unsc resolutions . 
  currently the non-permanent members are chad , chile , jordan , lithuania , nigeria ( vacating their seats at the end of this year ) , and angola , malaysia , new zealand , spain and venezuela ( elected at the start of this year , this vacating their seats at the end of 2016 ) . 
  though a ( slow ) reform is underway that could make germany , brazil , japan and/or india become a permanent member . 
  cutting public spending is n't a panacea either . 
  cut back too much and it causes more problems than it would solve , as well . 
  after a point , it 's going to cost more when a country is ridden with poverty-related issues such as crime , disease , radicalization , uneducated population that ca n't compete on the global market ( and can much more easily get wrangled into this doomsday cult or that terrorist organization ) , and so on . 
  both taxes and austerity need to be applied with care and consideration . 
  the response from europe seems to be `` i do n't care where they do it , they just need to cut their spending more '' . 
  recipe for disaster , just like slapping killer taxes on everything . 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't want a potential breeding ground for anti-european and anti-western violence down there just for the sake of staying on my mighty high horse of fiscal morality . 
  so i think a more holistic approach is needed . 
  in greece 's case it 's not about raising taxes as much as it 's collecting the already outstanding ones . 
  that 's not an `` and '' , that 's the same thing . 
  `` not safe for work '' getting a whole new meaning there . 
  actually not far from the truth unfortunately . 
  tho he might not * be * the president but he surely could * buy * one . 
  though , `` worthy '' or not , but there 's a metric buttload of money involved in campaigns over there . 
  ... serbia and bosnia , former soviet states ? 
  yeah sorry , ca n't take this seriously now . 
  when 's the last time the un got taken seriously . 
  unsc , sometimes , okay , but the rest of it ? 
  quick , let 's have another `` oh greece you so silly '' circlejerk , and forget about the elephant in the room . 
  i 'd have thought that this problem has now been going on long enough that we 'd move from `` casting blame '' to `` looking for best long-term solutions . '', 
  but hey , maybe the elephant has n't gotten around to smashing our priceless ming vase yet . 
  well , if it 's going to make more people pay the taxes they still owe , i do n't see why not . 
  was just a blackadder reference . 
  what else would you expect from a country that has operas that last for four days , and has no word for `` fluffy '' ? 
  russia better tone down on the nuclear rhetoric , or we 'll going to have a clusterfuck on our hands , and if it 's a nuclear clusterfuck , we all lose . 
  toss in a colombian or venezuelan one now and then , just to keep it fresh . 
  i would n't call nato strictly `` defensive '' in the traditional sense , more like that it 's an alliance that defends the interests of its members ; it 's not without its sins and failings , but it 's not nearly been as heavy-handed as russia has been recently . 
  that said , comparing nato and russia is a bit of a crapshoot , one is a multilateral alliance and the members thereof can and do act independently , and the other is , well , a single country . 
  yeah , that is n't going to happen . 
  50 ducats says that this oligarch will either kill himself or have a tragic surfing accident involving a rabid lynx in the near future . 
  and let 's not forget that according to bibi , sweden was trying to overthrow him . 
  fixed . 
  more likely , they `` forgot '' that particular incident happened by now , and their response will be `` eh ? 
  what ` ya talking about ? '', 
  though i do n't actually blame this one on the kremlin itself , but on the `` rebels '' being too trigger happy with the buk . 
  putin is not stupid , he would n't order to shoot down a civilian plane . 
  well , let 's just say they dominated the continent for most of the time , and then some american dude made a `` witty joke '' about them having been demolished in the most recent war . 
  oh , did i mention that any american who disses france for its history is a hypocrite * par excellence * ? 
  according to the treaty of the european union , all member states are equal ... 
  so there 's a point to get pedantic about . 
  yeah but in slovenia , the role of the president is merely ceremonial . 
  he or she is basically supposed to look good and smile at the camera , no executive power except for commander-in-chief in event of state of war . 
  wait , unconstitutional ? 
  okay , i might be wrong here , but ... 
  is n't it like `` can have two consecutive terms , then needs one cooldown term '' ? 
  i mean we have the same thing in our constitution in slovenia , you can run for president twice in a row , then you have to rest one term , then you can run again , twice in a row , then have to rest a term again , and then you 're likely dead anyway since that 's a span of 30 years , but if you 're not dead yet , you can run twice in a row again . 
  so many keyboard warriors . 
  we should make a reddit army and take over the world . 
  well , that 's already happening , on both sides . 
  finland is part of the eu sanctions , after all . 
  all eu states have reduced relations with russia already . 
  and russia is rattling sabers at eu . 
  do n't bother . 
  people have already made up their minds and wo n't let facts get in the way . 
  it 's almost as if we do n't have russia and isis to deal with , and we can keep running circles around greece just for lulz . 
  learning about history , realizing that whenever germany and france hate each other bad things happen , realizing that without a united europe , russia and usa ( and china ) will keep playing games with us . 
  `` not wanting to be around after that '' ... yeah . 
  i feel the same . 
  fallout may be fun to play , but it would not be fun to live . 
  retailers mostly buy them at usd price tho . 
  i 'd rather not talk nuclear war at all . 
  nuclear war is bad . 
  very bad . 
  because it 's scientifically proven that we 'd be settling alpha centauri by now it it were n't for those meddling left-wingers . 
  euro is currently in freefall against usd . 
  who cares about south ossetia , let 's talk about ukraine and greece some more !, 
  it 's almost as if it 's not going to be a talk at all , and greece is n't considered an equal partner . 
  well i do n't think there 's a political solution to the problem , so ... 
  well , since we 're geographically close to russia , there 's business to be done there . 
  these sanctions hurt us , too . 
  it 's an attrition thing , basically . 
  if we can afford to lose more business than the russians can , the sanctions will eventually work , but we 'll have to fix our own problems . 
  if russia can afford to lose more business than we can , then we 're just shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  ( i do believe russia has more to lose here , by the way ) . 
  either way , europe stays in an economic crisis , and does n't become a major independent player on the global scale - it stays dependent on other economic powers , and can be pushed around by them . 
  * i wonder who benefits from that *, 
  ah , let me introduce a good friend of mine to you . 
  his name is rene descartes . 
  what kind of frozen conflict in finland ? 
  as opposed to ukraine , finland is an economically and politically strong western state and thus much harder to destabilize . 
  russia does n't want ukraine for itself . 
  they 'll settle for keeping it outside the western sphere of influence for now . 
  and well , as long as there 's unrest in the east of ukraine , and the ukrainian economy being what it is , the country ca n't join eu or nato . 
  and maybe then try to drag it back into their own sphere in a few years , or a decade or two . 
  as for putin rebuilding the ussr ... he 's under criticism from the opposition * for not doing that . 
  * if putin is just a bitter old guy with ussr nostalgia who ca n't make strategic decisions , what does that make us , seeing as we 're in a stalemate at best ? 
  sweden and finland in nato is something they need to decide for themselves , by the way . 
  do n't presume to make that decision on behalf of them . 
  i said it . 
  it 's keeping ukraine unstable and a frozen conflict simmering , so it has no chance to join any western integrations such as eu or nato . 
  northern cyprus is n't part of the eu . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8ws_apxile we should keep an eye on sweden . 
  here i am , wondering mostly why russia would invade poland or finland or the baltic states or the rest of ukraine in the first place . 
  as in , what 's the strategic benefit for russia in such actions . 
  keeping ukraine in a frozen conflict ( thus preventing them from forming closer ties with the west ) makes sense strategically . 
  just invading a bunch of countries russia invaded in the past does not make sense strategically .
