  but the toll is the toll . 
  and the roll is the roll . 
  and if we do n't get no toll , then we do n't eat no roll . 
  indeed . 
  as a very wise jedi once said , `` look , everybody always figures the time they live in is the most epic , most important age to end all ages . 
  but tyrants and heroes rise and fall , and historians sort out the pieces . '', 
  who resurrected the habsburgs ? 
  i think it 's to make the distinction between `` russian losses '' and `` soviet losses '' . 
  the 30 years war did in some german lands ( in some areas the death toll was up to 60 % even ) . 
  but yes , i agree , it 's incomprehensible , really , i ca n't imagine it . 
  definitely . 
  some are just more ( in ) famous than others . 
  should n't the orcs be called `` lars '' and `` olaf '' and `` erik '' then ? 
  `` we can do this all day '' was kind of my point . 
  exactly , those selfish greeks , why ca n't they shoot themselves in the foot in exchange for a pat on the back and being told what swell fellows they are :( ( i 'm basically agreeing with you , i just felt the need to be a smartass ), 
  i think letting kosovo be kosovo as it is now would just end up with it being part of albania - the way things are going , with all the emigration and rampant poverty/corruption in kosovo , it 's currently quite a failed state , and i am not ruling out the possibility that it might try to join albania . 
  i wonder if it can pick itself back up on its own , though . 
  if the serbs were a devious bunch , i could even see them trying to reverse the situation using the israel method ... you know , settle lots of serbs in kosovo and the like . 
  please , those guys are too polite and nice to do any violence at all unless hockey is involved ( then all bets are off ) . 
  but yeah canada was in there too . 
  no no , the correct response is `` except for my own '' . 
  ehhh , this is going to keep being a sore point for a while still . 
  at the same time , kosovo itself is n't doing all that well . 
  well , but if you do , you might as well use an exploding basket . 
  ( i read schlock mercenary too much ), 
  that 's politicians for you . 
  and family businesses . 
  nothing but nepotism in those . 
  that one is awesome :d you made me giggle , good fellow . 
  my claim ? 
  i 'm sorry , can you point me at it ? 
  i must have made it in a state of unconsciousness , as i do n't remember making one . 
  edit : i personally think italy ( first by being incompetent , later by switching sides ) and resistance movements in occupied countries that locked down divisions that could have been used on the frontlies do n't get enough credit for their contribution to the outcome . 
  you 'd still have to bring up some hard data to properly refute . 
  problem is that `` so , they 're basically nazis '' is n't a comparison . 
  i think greece would be completely justified to ask : `` yeah ? 
  what 's in it for us ? '', 
  `` you 'd imagine '' ? 
  see , here 's how this works : you 're making a claim . 
  how about you research it a bit and come up with real numbers instead of `` imagining '' them ? 
  you might be right . 
  the numbers might add up the way you `` imagine '' they would . 
  but at this point , you 're only speculating . 
  i 'd personally be in favor of a proportional system with preferential voting . 
  yes . 
  and poland grabbed a chunk of czechoslovakia . 
  cally me a cynic , but here 's what i think : no matter how old or young , a politician is a politician . 
  a swift ban would hurt , there 's no doubt about that , but i 'm just not sure how much , as in , would it be enough ( which means `` not too little '' as much as it means `` not too much '' ) to force russia into a position where we want it . 
  and solidify the support for putin even more , likely ... 
  what are you doing , being all reasonable and checking the facts . 
  are you * russian shills * perchance ? 
  killing enemy combatants during state of war is n't illegal . 
  slovenia ca n't into population either :(, 
  interesting interview for insight into the thought process of the russian side . 
  it 's funny how even buzhinsky seems to often go `` thanks , obama ! '', 
  oh come on , as long as `` vino i rakija '' are on the scene , it 's all good , 
  that 's not what i said , but it is pretty much the case , yes . 
  the difference from 10 years ago is mostly that i 'm more cynical now than i used to be . 
  but not more `` conservative '' . 
  hard to end a war that has not happened yet . 
  be careful what you wish for , yankee . 
  traitor , you should have used it on teran and pr\u0161ut and prekmurska gibanica instead ... 
  i know , that 's why i always shift into `` ivan the even more terrible '' mode and pretend i 'm a cartoon supervillain when i do that . 
  knowing the implications of clicking buttons ( like , hitting `` change culture '' spends some diplo points , but it 's basically an ethnic cleansing ... ) would just make me feel wrong about myself if i do n't throw some roleplaying into it . 
  that 's why playing eu4 as russia is so much fun !, 
  `` oh , poland , prussia , sweden and austria attacking ? 
  i 'll just wait it out until they run out of manpower and cash for mercenaries . '', 
  beware the greeks bearing gifts ? 
  dunno , looks like a typical politician face to me ... 
  and advertising . 
  and gambling . 
  and breathing . 
  well , you know , unhealthy and unhappy people are the perfect consumers - you can sell * anything * to them . 
  though i am biased against advertising as a concept ... which is a bit hypocritical since i work in tv industry , and advertising is what pays most of my paycheck in the end ... 
  yeah . 
  sometimes . 
  we ca n't afford to take the bullet for ukraine , that much i will say bluntly . 
  but well , we do have people working these things out who are better informed than we are . 
  i honestly have no idea how ukraine is going to look in half a year ... 
  that 's exactly how most things work on this planet , really . 
  yeah hitler and stalin were quite the same in that regard . 
  i wonder how it 'd have looked had rommel and zhukov respectively had the last word . 
  zerg rushing and overpowering the adversary with sheer manpower has been a russian thing since time immemorial , yeah . 
  the pragmatic concern is just how much aid eu can even afford to give , seeing as we 've got internal problems , and ukraine is in a way worse shape than greece . 
  i believe it 's still on `` annnnnny minute now ... '', 
  meah , the article is more about the fact that russia banned that interview back then , and unbanned it now . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/7681504/soviet-commander-admits-ussr-came-close-to-defeat-by-nazis.html last paragraph : `` notably , russia recently posted online documents about the katyn massacre of polish officers by soviet forces in 1940 . '', 
  the title is bad , really . 
  it 's more about russia unbanning the interview . 
  you mean like this ? 
  i thought the narrative used to be that neville chamberlain was responsible for ww2 with his appeasement policies instead of stopping hitler before things got as far as they did . 
  times change , i suppose . 
  ah well , i 'm sure we can drag ol' neville out of the formaldehyde if we 're angry with the brits again for some reason , and call him a nazi collaborator , and imply that has somethign to do with why we 're angry at the brits today . 
  and yes , history does n't have a bias , that much is true . 
  * historians * , however ... 
  every winner of every war has that problem . 
  it 's only in the age of round the clock satellite coverage , mass social networks and accessibility of information that some sovereigns have started to prosecute their soldiers and subordinates for committing war crimes , in order to save face . 
  in the good old days , when such things could be covered up , you got a medal instead of a life sentence . 
  yeah , i know , i was being facetious . 
  it just irks me how this old story always gets dragged up as if we need it to get any dirt on russia .
