  but then again , the champions ' league final is this weekend , might have to wait until after then for any kind of a more significant official response from uefa . 
  platini did vote for qatar , after all ... 
  yeah but we keep swinging between top and division 1 ; up one year , down the next , then up again . 
  played in czech republic this year , but finished one point behind denmark ... 
  okay , this is adorable . 
  can candidate status be revoked by the eu ? 
  well i 'm not saying it was the illuminati , but it was the illuminati . 
  definitely the illuminati . 
  or space lizards . 
  oh i was more talking about people going `` uefa should pull out because fuck russia and their warmongering '' . 
  as for the bribes and all , yep , that 's the thing . 
  i do wonder what other dirty laundry is going to surface . 
  i wonder how `` clean '' the process was with the last year 's cup in brazil . 
  i also wonder how the lobbying for the 2026 cup is going , because i 'm willing to bet money it 's already going . 
  well , uefa is supposed to be apolitical ... 
  when your job is to post politically loaded stuff all the time , * of course * it 's going to spill over . 
  i agree !, 
  that 's why i find it weird that so many people think it 's necessary that uefa takes a political role in this , and even forget that russia is a uefa member in the first place . 
  criema is currently de facto russian . 
  they maintain control over it , and no amount of our displeasure is going to change that for the time being . 
  we can , and do , of course , put the * legitimacy * of that under question , but that does n't change the fact that russia 's maintaining direct sovereign control over the area at the present time . 
  ah well , in that case , people are learning from me too , even if they do n't realize it . 
  this exchange has gone on long enough , it 's obvious we 're at an impasse here , and that our opinions of each other are n't favorable . 
  i 'll find something more pleasant to spend my time on now . 
  oh definitely . 
  they 're responsible for it , it 's just that they are n't cartoon villains . 
  the entire uefa , including russia ? 
  the only thing uefa did for this year in regards to the political clusterfuck in ukraine was that it disallowed russian and ukrainian clubs to play head-to-head . 
  well , they * are * a member of uefa ... 
  i agree . 
  even if our team is n't even playing in top pool next year :(, 
  you 're not here to `` educate '' anyone . 
  we both know that . 
  actually , we both know that neither of us actually cares about those russian supporters . 
  to me , they 're people i simply do n't pay the time of day and the less i hear about them , the better ; to you , they 're nothing but cheap amusement , so you 're actively hoping they 'll show up so you can feel good about yourself . 
  so our interests are in conflict , you want them around , i do n't . 
  but please , call me a fascist some more , that turned me on a little . 
  you sound like a typical tumblr sjw now . 
  `` call them out !, 
  expose them for the scum they are ! '', 
  uh , burqas or hijabs ? 
  to me he seems more like someone who 's at the party all the time , but only wakes up every now and then , missing the fun stuff . 
  i 'm sure there 's something i 'm wrong about every day , too , i 'm not omniscient . 
  yet , if all you do is feed your ego on that fact , `` you 're not wrong , walter , you 're just an asshole . '', 
  i do n't disagree ; i 'm only saying that there 's no use to do any of this , to talk about any of this , if your ( generic you , not `` you '' ) only reason to bring it up or join the `` discussion '' is `` oh ho ho ho , i 'm gon na enjoy watching people make fools of themselves '' . 
  that 's not `` education '' . 
  that 's just conceit , no matter how wrong or deluded those `` people '' might be . 
  this is n't about education , it 's about `` being right '' which is distinctly different of `` being in the right '' , the former being `` hah !, 
  in your faaaaace !, 
  '' , the latter being more about `` doing the right thing '' . 
  it 's mostly self-serving . 
  yes , i 'm a cynic , but really , you going to tell me your average redditor cares about `` educating '' others , for real , as opposed to just `` feeling like i 'm smarter than they are '' ? 
  i can wait forever , and would like to . 
  this horse has been beaten to death , used to fertilize grass that was then eaten by another horse , and * that * horse was beaten to death , too . 
  no minds are going to be changed . 
  greece is in no position to turn down any opportunity to get its economy going . 
  russia knows that . 
  question is ... to sweden , or to germany ? 
  oh i meant in the purely technical sense . 
  it makes sense as a place where football can be played reasonably , as opposed to qatar 's climate . 
  not even if you bring back the hussars ? 
   honestly i dont think people are that pissed about russia hosting the world cup ( a country arguably that has an excellent football multiyear presence ) as qatar . 
  yeah , russia at least * makes sense * . 
  how are they going to keep players and fans out of heat shock ? 
  it 's the cross of burgundy that spain used as its flag for a time . 
  heh , with how politics are here these days i often joke we should just annex ourselves back to the habsburgs because we obviously do n't respect our country enough to run it on our own . 
  the history of the balkans is nothing if not bloody and full of grudges . 
  every few decades something happens to revive those grudges . 
  it 's pretty awful , really ... wish there was n't so much hate going around around here . 
  as far as britain goes , this is my favorite : http://i.imgur.com/bdo4hmq.png `` h.m.s. 
  crisps '' wins it . 
  of greetings , good fellow yuropean !, 
  polanball being a very much truthful and corrected subreddit , to deal with important issues of pressing , and all according to simple rules : 1 ) poland can not into space 2 ) kebab needs removing 3 ) sweden is homogay 4 ) germoney likes to anschluss . 
  yep , i tend to agree . 
  well , he did n't cross it , to me it looks like a routine thing to do if you have a foreign military vessel approach your territorial borders . 
  just like uk has its fighters actively get involved when the russians are poking about its territorial airspace . 
  in fact , i 'm wiling to bet money we would n't even hear of it if we were n't having that mess in ukraine . 
  russia seems to be the local `` village idiot '' here . 
  everyone thinks he 's an eyesore , but at the same time , everyone wants him to stick around ... 
  i 'm sure he 's trembling in his boots , yeah ... 
  it 's not like the entire stand-off is an ongoing thing , huh ? 
  personally , i think `` adding additional information '' into the title is almost necessarily biased , since one is applying their own perception to the news headline , often changing its tone and context , and by extension , making it their own . 
  now , adding `` fifa president '' to `` blatter '' is just clarification , it does n't change the context . 
  `` despite arrests '' makes the tone of the headline decidedly less neutral , however . 
  of course , that 's what happens with the headlines in the first place , journalists and editors do it all the time . 
  most news reporting pretty much consists of `` copying releases from a big news site , and adapting them to your medium , crediting the initial release '' , unless you 're a media giant , of course , and can be `` the first on the scene '' with reasonable certainty , have access to official press releases and the manpower to sift through all of them , and so on . 
  i think what needs to be clarified is whether this is a `` news reposting and occasionally question asking '' subreddit , or is it a subreddit where people would contribute their own news pieces . 
  `` my lord , pretty much entire europe has entered a coalition against us , what say you ? '', 
  `` bah , they will find no safety in numbers ! '', 
  / `` worrisome ... '', 
  i do n't see that to be much different than the massive mess that was `` the great leap forward '' - as an analogy , both examples of poor decisions made by the leadership translating into death toll in reality . 
  i mean there 's no way that the fifa executives do n't know what 's happening in qatar , yet they are turning a blind eye . 
  think he 'd be aiming for iihf , tho . 
  people do die on fifa projects . 
  is n't it risky to use the words `` child '' and `` observe '' in the same sentence these days ? 
  crass jokes aside , it does n't surprise me , the situation is messed up enough that stuff like this would happen ... 
  asterix for president !, 
  sepp , let 's get one thing cleared up . 
  we do n't hate fifa as a concept . 
  we just hate the corrupt old ducks currently running it .
