  yeah that is true , but somehow `` launching all your nukes '' , or even `` all your operational nukes '' seems like a rather stupid strategic move , so i did n't think of that ... 
  i 'm not sure what russia 's benefit from occupying finland would be . 
  i mean . 
  as i said several times before , this is reality , not fiction . 
  there 's reasons for what russia 's doing , and those reasons are deeper than `` they 're just evil assholes '' . 
  oh you so silly . 
  those shields are totally not directed at russia , but at dangerous countries such as iran or unstable middle east countries where terrorists could get their hands on nukes !, 
  honest , cross my heart !, 
  that 's been our narrative regarding those missile shields since ... ever . 
  and it turns out , russia was right not to buy it . 
  ( still , yeah i hope we can get them in place soon . 
  would n't want any missiles flying over my head . ), 
  they do whenever the narrative that they do suits us . 
  like you know , `` all muslims are terrorists '' narrative that 's so prevalent . 
  sure , whatever you say , man . 
  yeah yeah , i 'll just smile and nod . 
  just ... smile and nod . 
  well , sweden did try to overthrow the government of israel according to netanyahu ... so maybe their historical neutrality indeed * is * just a clever ruse , and they played us all for fools !, 
  yeah , russia is very orthodox there . 
  pun intended . 
  but still ... it 's fifa . 
  and considering that with the olympics in russia last year went relatively smoothly on this front ( the diplomatic/political aspect notwithstanding , mind ) , i have no idea what fifa is getting at there . 
  you ... really do n't have a clue what you 're talking about , do you , 
  looks more like `` what americans think of europeans '' , to be honest ... 
  really ? 
  so , if all nato members that are not meeting the goal of 2 % defense spending abolished their armies and dropped their spending to 0 % right now , the situation would remain unchanged ? 
  in other words , if those that are `` not doing enough '' would instead actually start `` doing nothing '' , then it would all stay the same ? 
  it would not and you know it . 
  you know that the situation would get way worse . 
  so you also know you 're full of ( ideological ) shit . 
  on a more serious note , this happens because the european integration is slow . 
  if we had a fiscal union in place , you can bet we 'd have gotten to this point sooner . 
  to be completely honest the similarities between europe ( or certain european countries ) today and japan in 1990s are starting to worry me quite a bit . 
  so that usa has something to feel good about themselves for . 
  i was just making a joke , calm down . 
  thought the subreddit could use a chuckle . 
  i know what you mean , by the way . 
  even i get told that we had it great under ussr ... despite never having been a part of it in the first place !, 
  okay , forgive me if this is ignorant , but seeing as the relations between russia and poland are n't something to write home about , why would you want to maintain a diplomatic mission in russia in the first place ? 
  i mean , it 's not like either side will be working on improving relations anytime soon ... 
  yeah , same here in slovenia . 
  but if we have to pick sides , germany is still a bigger business partner . 
  the situation kind of sucks either way , though . 
  ah , `` countless '' , a number that can be as high as 1,000,000,000,000,000 when you 're counting grains of sand , and as low as 2 when you 're counting `` guys that said something i did n't like '' . 
  well , i do n't think any nato country is a `` freeloader '' . 
  i mean , a freeloader would be someone who did n't even bother having a standing army and would depend entirely to other alliance members . 
  i also suspect a freeloader would just be kicked out entirely . 
  of course . 
  but that 's what i 'm saying , you 're vulnerable either way . 
  that 's why defensive alliances such as nato are a thing . 
  why , i am flabbergasted , stunned with shock and swept off my feet !, 
  i so totally did not see that coming !, 
  okay , just kidding . 
  i mean , you do n't have to be psychic to know this was going to happen before it was reported . 
  ... okay , excuse my shameless realism , but even meeting defense spending targets is n't really going to make them invincible . 
  ah , but do they have their own courts of law ? 
  even if they can get a lawyer for a civil case , the court itself is tax-funded , so they would not have access to it . 
  no `` private security '' is going to be infallible , and you would n't legally be able to use it to get your stuff back if someone steals it or anything . 
  your property would n't be protected by law if you were n't paying taxes , under my suggestion . 
  and if you send out some enforcers to take it by force , you 've broken the law , and since you 're not paying taxes , you do n't have access to due process even if you can buy a defense attorney . 
  it 's actually quite evil . 
  there are many things rich people benefit a lot more from than the poor , which are tax funded . 
  as i always say , `` corruption in politics is n't worse here than anywhere else . 
  merely just as bad . '', 
  well , socialism hated jazz , for some reason ... 
  that garbage looks mighty suspicious , like it 's going to try some funny business . 
  better to nip it in the bud . 
  well penniless people are n't good for the economy , no matter how you turn it . 
  so yeah , if they get some basic money to get through the month , they 'll buy stuff with it . 
  and in buying stuff with it , they 'll create revenue for the businesses they buy from . 
  so yes , it does make sense to try and get some domestic consumption going . 
  so , unless i am very much mistaken , their historical neutrality is nothing but a clever ruse ? 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  now i have an idea for a new eu4 game , what with custom nation maker now and all . 
  well you know , if you deal with clients , some of them are bound to be the kind that you really do n't like , as anyone who ever worked in customer service could tell you . 
  sweden just ca n't get a break , the other day netanyahu accused them of trying to depose him in israel  . <, 
  i always said everyone should have the option to not pay taxes at all . 
  however , by taking that option they would also agree to not have access to tax-funded services , like public education , public healthcare , law enforcement , public roads ... after all , if you 're not paying for it , why should you get to use it ? 
  yeah , booo left wing . 
  we 'd be settling alpha centauri by now if it were n't for them !, 
  on a more serious note , my impression is that it 's rather mixed . 
  lots of angry people from all sides of the political spectrum . 
  well , yes , but had it remained in serbia , it would be a serbian problem . 
  now it is n't . 
  depends , really ... i mean , if you have a slave touching your food while preparing it or bringing it , you are going to make sure they have clean living quarters and hygienic utilities , for example . 
  so you 'll make sure they have a reasonably good standard of living . 
  you do n't have to treat them badly , but they 're still a slave in that they work involuntarily and for free . 
  `` so a guy walks into a bar , and says i 'd like a molotov , please '', 
  well it is all about the point of view . 
  `` deserving of getting molotovs thrown at 'em '' is pretty much a more strongly worded `` i really do n't like those guys '' . 
  `` primary surplus '' is exactly what `` surplus before interest payments '' * means . 
  yeah sure . 
  i 'm certain that they 're all exactly like that , because a rather conceited person on the internet told me so . 
  i 'm also sure that 's exactly what 's going on in frankfurt , because the same person said so . 
  booo marxists , they 're why we ca n't have nice things , and all . 
  or something . 
  well , the way kosovo is right now , would n't it be kind of `` more trouble than it 's worth '' ? 
  anyone can be a fucking idiot , that does n't depend on political leaning and ideology or vice versa . 
  in germany , drinking a lot of beer would tend to de-escalate things , methinks . 
  you should n't feel ashamed just because some asshats happen to agree with you on some points .
