  or rather , i 'm not sure what you want me to have been saying . 
  quit reading into what i said , and just read it instead . 
  point is , apparently the information that buk was `` captured '' was available before the flight , i think ... 
  more like `` you ca n't trust foreign dignitaries . 
  it 's in their job description to try and sniff out as much information you want to remain hidden as possible '' . 
  you do n't need to be an asshole to get the point across . 
  of course not . 
  left is bad , right is good , and if you 're left leaning , you 're a heathen . 
  end of story . 
  incidentally , i do n't think i have a roommate in hell yet . 
  i can keep the position open . 
  the internet thinks a lot of things . 
  only that in this case , it 's a supporter of the former president that stuffed himself into a briefcase . 
  a pro-russian supporter . 
  whether or not russia can station their ships in greek ports , is a greek sovereign issue since the eu does not have a unified foreign policy and states can act on their own . 
  we could n't stop cyprus from signing that deal , and we ca n't stop greece from doing the same . 
  do note that i 'm speaking hypothetically , of course . 
  noisy , clunky , not subtle at all . 
  we should n't get ahead of ourselves just because we really really want something to happen . 
  i do n't know , i would n't be so quick to adopt the `` sour grapes '' mentality . 
  unless you think a russian fleet staged in greek ports is something you count under `` best scenario for the eurozone '' ... and russia already set a deal like that with cyprus . 
  sure , we can say `` eh they ca n't afford it anyway '' ; but we need to consider the consequences of the scenario that they * can * afford it . 
  i mean they 've been throwing curveballs for a while , we ca n't assume we know all there is to know about russia . 
  we merely very strongly believed it to be the case . 
  now we can say we know . 
  it would n't suprise me , but i do n't think it 's the work of poroshenko . 
  i 'd suspect yantsenyuk and tymoshekno on this , if the suicides were n't pressured by `` their own '' to die rather than talk . 
  eh , `` foreign officials '' often double as spies . 
  this does n't surprise me at all . 
  i would wager our officials are spying on countries they 're stationed in , even . 
  but we 're tiny and insignificant . 
  sure , let 's go to europe again being a bunch of nation-states who tolerate each other at best , and generally stare daggers at each other most of the time . 
  * what could possibly go wrong ? 
  did you say hungary ? 
  mmmm , i feel like having a pizza myself . 
  that 's why some hammers need to be brought down sometime soon . 
  or maybe the fabled `` job-creators '' finally start actually creating the damn things . 
  both of them , funnily enough !, 
  i meant `` plotted '' as in `` plotted a path '' , from point a to point b to c and so on . 
  in that case , i stand corrected . 
  i do not know the technicalities of it , all i do know is that if i was in charge of an airliner , i 'd be loath to send a plane right across an area like eastern ukraine . 
  `` let 's assume they ca n't shoot at our plane , because we do n't know for sure that they can '' seems to be a rather high-risk statement to make when plotting a course for a civilian flight . 
  ca n't we do this the european way , instead of the `` buncha self-interested-countries-who-happen-to-be-located-in-europe '' way ? 
  oh and while we 're at it , can we seize the tax-evaded assets from luxleaks and swissleaks ? 
  ( who cares , just pull switzerland into eu whether they like it or not ) that 'd be enough to bail out greece several times over . 
  that 's why , if i 'm traveling , i stay the hell away from politics . 
  i mean , when i was in canada , there was enough to say about hockey , and when i was in spain , uh , well i was mostly too drunk most of the time to talk about anything . 
  ahem . 
  and since slovenia and slovakia get confused so often , even the `` where are you from '' discussion usually end up with `` oh . 
  really ? 
  whoa . 
  sorry my bad '' . 
  diplomats often double as spies , so that does n't suprise me . 
  well , i would totally sign under a world order that would say `` everyone just minds it own business '' . 
  not under one that says `` countries a , b , c just mind their own business , countries x , y , z can do whatever the hell they want '' though . 
  because , unlike yeltsin , putin has consolidated most of power in russia and most of the political structure of russia around the office of the president which he currently holds . 
  when yeltsin was gone , he did not leave the kind of a power vacuum behind that putin will . 
  or in other words , because unlike yeltsin , putin is a de facto dictator . 
  and when the factions come crashing into that power vacuum ... also , is n't it ironic that yeltsin 's `` failed state '' russia was the kind of russia we in the west would still want around ? 
  did russia send them invitations phrased as `` you can come , if you really want to '' or something ? 
  ( yes , i know this is about political dickwaving ), 
  in addition to whoever shot the plane down , the folks who * plotted a civilian flight over a de facto war zone * should be held accountable as well . 
  risking the plane and its passengers to save some fuel ? 
  yeah , well , nukes in russia are a reality , and the fact that there are crazy people in russia who , unlike putin , would n't shy away from using them , is also a reality . 
  as for rebuilding the ussr ? 
  you have the wrong guy for that , seeing as some putin 's political opponents criticize him precisely for not trying to rebuild the ussr . 
  such a loaded opinion piece ... 
  i still say that whoever plots a civilian flight over a de facto war zone should be held responsible , along with those who actually shot it down . 
  as i always say , it 's easy to say sacrifices need to be made , as long as it 's someone else who 's actually making them . 
  i wish politicians ( putin included ) would think about that fact now and then . 
  one , how do you propose we go about `` getting the nukes '' ? 
  two ; helping `` the enemy of our enemy '' , yeah that never came back to bite us in the ass before ... 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't want a civil war over there and crazy people getting access to nukes . 
  and there are such crazy people active in politics in russia . 
  she 's a good writer herself , and not to sneer at her writing , but sir terry was one of a kind . 
  may he meet the death he wrote about , the death that 's a good and all-around pleasant guy . 
  he will be missed . 
  collapse is not good news . 
  steady and controlled falling would be , i suppose , but a `` collapse '' would imply we 're going into hyperinflation here . 
  * and that is not good news *, 
  oh right , those * are * legal tender . 
  and it 's true , nothing a bit of money ca n't fix ... it 's just that the exact amount of `` a bit '' varies . 
  now i wan na make sure i die on march 5th , just so that people will try to dig through my secrets after my death , and go insane when they find i indeed committed zero genocides . 
  as long as it 's not a flood of young and overly idealistic folks who think they 're going to fix our backwards european societies , i think we can handle them , 
  invading !, 
  why , you are mistaken , good sir !, 
  he 's just protecting the rights of russian people !, 
  ( i hope my choice of words makes it clear i 'm being facetious here . ), 
  it 's not going to calm down , anywhere . 
  news is all about propaganda these days ; political or otherwise . 
  remember than in its essence , propaganda is basically advertising . 
  oh , they still have to make for a majority in the referendum , so even if 20 % of all vote for repeal , but more than 20 % of all vote for the law to stay , it 's staying . 
  also , it used to be worse than this ; no minimum attendance required , and a referendum would be both legally binding and lock out any parliamentary discourse on the law for a year . 
  now the assembly can put it up to vote again immediately . 
  there 's also a chance that our constitutional court will not allow the referendum at all , if they decide that it would interfere with human rights too much . 
  buuuuut with all the hogwash coming from there lately , i would n't hold my breath on that one , sadly ... 
  presidency of a `` power '' country does that . 
  look at how the u.s. presidents rapidly age while in office . 
  even the ones that are n't invading countries .
