  and yes , there 's the economic impact , and the entire england and eu fracas . 
  the only thing that the bosnian leaders can * ever * agree on is how much they 'll raise their own paychecks this year . 
  but that 's just the thing . 
  sovereigns * are n't * companies . 
  they ca n't be handled as such . 
  i do agree going back to the drachma might be a good idea for greece , mind . 
  seriously ? 
  okay , that 's what i call a `` dick move '' . 
  but , curiosity . 
  is that about the period of time between the republics declaring independence and becoming recognized by the international community ? 
  what would it mean for the isles if england left the union , as opposed to wales or scotland ? 
  someone had to claim the rights and obligations of the union , i suppose . 
  like membership in the international organizations and treaties , and the like . 
  when czechoslovakia split , it was czech republic that claimed those , too . 
  edit : this post is wrong , as seen in the replies . 
  well there is one obvious answer people are going to give , but i think at least this one thread should not devolve into the usual clusterfuck of political opinion . 
  the moment someone innovates computerized algorithms to do banking and financial advice , i think we 're going to have * a lot * of rich luddites in the world . 
  that 's like saying `` england is the uk '' . 
  russia was one of the socialist republics of the ussr . 
  there 's a difference between `` soviet russia '' and `` ussr '' . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much it , it 's what makes it funny , it 'd be a bit like if great britain seceded from the commonwealth back when britannia still ruled the waves . 
  maybe not the best analogy , but it 's to find them for such a scenario . 
  russia technically seceded from the ussr . 
  he 's no private wojtek of 22nd artillery supply company , that 's for sure . 
  well technically , with how the ussr treaties and such were written , russia actually seceded ( as in , `` declared independence '' ) from the ussr . 
  i always found that kind of funny . 
  i hope they decide to deem it unconstitutional , since you ca n't decide to repeal human rights laws on a referendum . 
  honestly , it 's about time those old church wackos get whacked and that we formally and legally recognize same-sex marriages for good . 
  `` it 's about children ! '', 
  as their slogan . 
  then they proceed to show how much their care for the children 's rights by dragging them to show them off on a political rally . 
  well ... it 's rap . 
  that never was about lying in the grass and enjoying the sight of the clear skies . 
  right this way , right this way . 
  we 're going to make assumptions like it 's 1999 . 
  also i 'll make no excuses for bashing bad driving as creatively as i can think of , even if it 's a bit facetious at times . 
  road rage , and all that . 
  hey , we had a better warscore :(, 
  or that 's what the swedes * want * you to think ... 
  no we ai n't , we have a whole 40-ish kilometers of coastline . 
  would have more than that , but the italians managed to extort the gulf of trieste for themselves after ww2 ... 
  whoever gave that driver a license should be fired , and the driver should face the court . 
  hey , at least that quote means he does n't think he 's actually god himself . 
  on a more serious note , i 'd be wary of any person who says something like that , yes ... 
  `` fight for your country '' is way too broad . 
  i think that for example , protesting against a corrupt government and the like is also `` fighting for your country '' , and i think many people would do that . 
  well , slovenia and macedonia are the odd-ones-out when it comes to the ferocious balkan attitudes . 
  ms. power . 
  just take a look at this : http://research.un.org/en/docs/sc/quick you 're pretty much tied on the number of vetoes . 
  oh come on , we all know that when it comes to cold war dynamics there ai n't no such thing as `` consequences '' . 
  he spent some admin points to avert taking a hit to stability and legitimacy . 
  you first ... 
  gods , that sounds more like a spurned and vengeful ex than someone who is allegedly supposed to handle financial crises with a degree of levelheadedness . 
  if ukraine gets away with that , i suppose all greece needs to do to solve its debt problem is get itself invaded by russia . 
  you do n't have to be on that payroll to be an idiot , do you ? 
  i mean , some eu politicians are just idiots . 
  because he 's secretly a wizard ? 
  because he spends a lot of time practicing facial expressions ? 
  because he has his clocks synced with the novosibirsk time zone ? 
  because he just does n't think anyone 's time but his own is important enough to consider ? 
  who knows . 
  well , i do n't count strongly-worded letters of disapproval as `` coming down hard '' ... 
  the only reason i know about it is because of work . 
  it 's hardly been marketed , at all . 
  the pompous rooster makes it look almost french , though . 
  finnish hockey , german business etiquette , nordic welfare state . 
   the other signatories to a broken treaty will typically come down hard on the offending country . 
  if it 's a relatively weak country that can easily be bossed around , yes . 
  neither hitler nor stalin had buddies . 
  only associates and partners in crime . 
  you keep using that word . 
  i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  `` and it has to be true , because i read it on daily mail ... '', 
  just out of curiosity , i wonder how much she had to amend her thesis in order to bring it up to par with the modern medical advancements . 
  let the dreamers dream , i suppose . 
  in order for `` media pluralism '' to work , you actually need to weigh the different outlets equally and form your own opinion after reading the different reports . 
  now tell me , how many times have you weighed russia today or daily mail equally ? 
  there 's no functional difference between disregarding a media outlet and not having it available . 
  either way , you 're only accepting the news from something else . 
  everyone has confirmation biases , myself included . 
  people still buy those , either for collector 's reasons , or because they want stuff to be plug & play , or because they want to own the physical medium holding the data . 
  liechtenstein , maybe . 
  i know . 
  it 's a shame that idiots all over the world are dragging politics into it , ainnit ? 
  sweden has been busy . 
  overthrowing the government of israel , trying to overthrow the saudi dynasty , winning the eurovision , being fabulous ... 
  not the first time in history that we have such a situation . 
  `` good '' and `` evil '' are terms you put into fiction to make it clear to the audience who they 're supposed to root for ( and yet so many decide to root for palpatine anyway ) . 
  in reality it 's more like `` those whose interests align with ours '' and `` those whose interests conflict with ours '' . 
  eh , pretty much everyone who was a player on the geopolitical stage back then caused the gas buildup . 
  usa * should * do some annexing , actually , so that people from guam , puerto rico , virgin islands and am . 
  samoa at least get to vote . 
  eh , whatever happens will happen . 
  as long the decision is not influenced by current international politics , it 's perfectly fine , football is apolitical after all , even if there is a handful of folks who want to make it political ( remember the serbia-albania game with the greater albania flag drone ? ), 
  ehhh , i was taking a jab at erdogan , not the turkish redditors . 
  edited my post for clarification too . 
  russia 's mostly a trading partner , a rather large one for slovenia , so there 's some discontent over it , but not that much . 
  politically , well , having never been part of warsaw pact , there 's no soviet communist ties to russia . 
  the russians got spooked because they knew austria would not be acting so tough and bold if they were on their own , it 's a convoluted case of `` i know that you know that i know what you know '' . 
  attacking serbia would inevitably mean having to deal with russia .
