  and as long as you 're not being deliberately manipulated , i have no problem with it . 
  well , it might be my cynical biased against advertising , but i think as long as that exists , the market is * not * truly free , as the purchasing decisions are controlled by those who have degrees in the science of how to manipulate people to buy any kind of stuff you can think of and most likely , a lot of stuff you * ca n't * think of . 
  and the only alternative to advertising i see is publicly accessible information and enough time to get through all of it . 
  consumers tend to purchase a whole lotta things . 
  and getting informed about each and every one takes time . 
  it might not take a lot of time individually , but it adds up . 
  and there 's only one of me , and only 24 hours in a day , 18 of which are pretty much booked every day for other things . 
  if it does i 'm going to go to the place a person who is very anti lives , and rub the result in their face , since a large part of their argument was `` well , look at ireland ! '', 
  if all parties participating are consenting adults , why not ? 
   marriage or more accurately `` marriage '' , that being a recognition of a couple by the state , is for heterosexual couples because they have kids . 
  its that simple . 
  if marriage is about kids , why allow it for those who ca n't or do n't want to have them ? 
   modifying `` marriage '' to include gays is dumb . 
  its like saying that infertile men and women should be allowed to be entitled to incapacity benefit because they cant have children . 
  funny you should mention infertile people ... why should they be allowed to marry ? 
  not really . 
  that would get us about seven billion different values for the same thing . 
  `` fsb '' just does n't have that ominous undertone to deliver a rhetorical punch , though . 
  you can one-up him by moving to atlanta ? 
  i find it interesting when people who talk tough get all defensive and go on a rant when even slightly challenged or questioned . 
  it makes me question * their * faith . 
  and their toughness , too . 
  the only conclusion i can draw at the moment is that you had no idea yourself what you were proposing , and you will continue to not have an idea because you do n't want to actually think about it . 
  and because you wo n't explain it , i 'll continue to not have a clue what you 're proposing , either . 
  oh i 'm sorry , did i hurt your feelings ? 
  that 's why there are terms and conditions that a country needs to fulfill before it can enter the clubhouse . 
  and georgia , moldova and ukraine are far from that at the moment . 
  they 're further than morocco was when it was turned down . 
  both times . 
  hey hey hey , making jokes on double meanings of words is my stuff !, 
  quit trying to steal the gig , mac !, 
   only when they suffer so much that they question their faith can they move on . 
  just out of curiosity . 
  can you actually conceive such a concept in your mind ? 
  can you imagine it ? 
  can you describe how it would work , how it would feel , what it would do to your physical and mental state ? 
  for a moment you seemed as if you 've used an expression without stopping to try to `` feel '' it . 
  the flip side is , a little psychology helps you keep selling it even after it expired , if you can afford the people to spin it . 
  i get real cynical sometimes . 
  and that 's the problem with the free market argument . 
  or rather , the problem with that argument is that it talks about something that does n't exist - and what you said is the reason why it does n't . 
  you wo n't . 
  you 're human , after all . 
  you might perform differently , but you wo n't be able to create something out of nothing . 
  this simply is n't an issue an individual can solve . 
  yeah that 's not going to work . 
  you ca n't keep assholes from being assholes . 
  `` the cloud '' is such a bad description , as if the data is somehow literally suspended in the air . 
  there are still dedicated servers out there that store it . 
  you 're assuming consumers have time to be informed about every single purchasing decisions they make . 
  hell , in a free market , advertising would be dead because every consumer would be making informed decisions based on their own research !, 
  we do n't have a free market , never have , never will . 
  hence `` it 's complete nonsense to assume that there 's a threat of something like that happening in russia , though . '', 
  in my post . 
  well , technically , at least libya and syria * are * our fault . 
  it 's complete nonsense to assume that there 's a threat of something like that happening in russia , though . 
  we going to stir up a hornet 's nest over this , or are we too busy with russia ? 
  geopolitics never left . 
  because something something russia something shills mumble mumble . 
  the recent events have shifted it away from that position . 
  self-inflicted , mind . 
  so , we going to stir up a hornet 's nest , or are we too busy trying to dig up shit on russia to notice this ? 
  i am confident that many strongly-worded letters were sent , many blogs were written , and many people polished their spears when they suddenly felt relevant after doing one of the two above things . 
  more likely it 's targeting a specific few groups with a law that was specifically written to force them out , but had to be kept vague in order not to look like they 're doing what they 're doing . 
  why would n't you ? 
  you do have an intelligence agency , right ? 
  spying on others is what those are for . 
  especially spying on countries you consider a threat to your own national security . 
  no , three and a half !, 
  i 'm a prodigy , you see . 
  totally got this stuff down already so early . 
  well , it might just be the local environment but over here `` startup '' is nearly synonymous with `` get rich quick scheme '' , and some excerpts from startup events and seminars look almost like fuckin ' amway seminars . 
  and i do n't have the time of day for those . 
  people do n't seem to understand that if you want to seriously start a business , it 's not a casual thing , and startups and businesses being painted * as * casual things in order to appeal to the masses does n't help one bit . 
  it * might * help people who make a living selling those seminars , tho ... as long as people keep buying `` entrepreneurship for dummies '' and `` e-z busines 101 '' products and promises ... 
  be careful what you wish for , mortal ... 
  a bit cynically , it would clean up the mess that is our political space at this moment . 
  as it is right now , i would n't mind annexing my apartment to austria for a while . 
  an asshole remains an asshole , even when they get their hands on a megaphone . 
  well if they 're not `` former '' it 's gon na bite russia anyway ... since `` not former '' guys tend to have more current intel to spill than `` former '' guys . 
  `` finally '' ? 
  i thought deflation is generally not desirable . 
  my point was `` it is as i said , and that 's that , you can disagree , but you 'd be wrong '' is creationist behavior , contrary to what you might think about yourself . 
  spoken like a true creationist . 
  such a blatantly biased article , full of loaded words and expressions , on an . eu domain ? 
  that . 
  shit . 
  that 's lame : /, 
  `` annnny minute now ... '', 
  holy ... 
  i actually wonder how latvians ( and latvian hockey fans ) feel about znarok , since that 's where he 's from . 
  i 'm guessing it 's either `` he 's an asshole '' , or `` we 're glad that asshole left ! '', 
  `` they 're stealing our jobs ! '', 
  sounds distinctly different than `` i think immigration should be controlled '' then explaining why that is the case . 
  but fuck that , we live in the day and age where it does n't matter whether you know anything about what you 're talking about , as long as you have a megaphone and a bunch of followers on twitter . 
  you want to clarify your first point with the fact that there are many people still indifferent or undecided ( which puts support at a larger percentage than opposition , but still under 50 % ) . 
  the moment people start thinking this is a clear yes or no issue that everyone has an informed opinion on , we 'll run into problems . 
  we 're talking about the guy who made a `` gon na slice your neck '' gesture last year towards the swedish bench during the semifinals . 
  wait wait , google , facebook , paypal , etc. 
  used to all be startups ?
