  nothing happens to us . 
  so we drop one on moscow , too . 
  and still , nothing happens . 
  so our prime minister gives the un a call about what gives , are they just going to let us nuke every major city on the planet ? 
  and the baffled answer comes : `` how 's anyone still alive in bratislava ? '', 
  i 'd say artificial gravity . 
  weightlessness is * bad * for the human body . 
  well said , i can get behind that . 
  well , the descendants of that one east germanic tribe from way back when likely issued a copyright infringement claim over the name . 
  it is a bit of a dirty word over here . 
  when we say `` balkan business '' , we generally mean `` something shady and likely corrupt happened '' . 
  so i apparently got my family out , but got held up in turkey myself . 
  heavens , no . 
  not `` ourselves '' . 
  only `` other slovenians that happen to disagree with me '' . 
  * they * are the balkan guys , i 'm more austrian , yes indeed . 
  it 's a bit of an identity crisis we have as a people , we really fall victim to the `` have i mentioned that i 'm not actually balkan today ? '', 
  trope a whole lot . 
  sometimes , if it causes negative working conditions and results in them not being paid enough to support themselves even while working a full-time job . 
  nobody likes to be taken for granted after all . 
  but in this case it seems they feel cranky over being hit by the `` economic migrant '' brush , which has become a loaded term , usuall yused in context of `` lazy folks who will just want to mooch off the state benefits '' . 
  while `` non-lazy folks who live and work here '' are also `` economic migrants '' if they come from elsewhere , but that is n't a context the phrase gets used in very often . 
  see , that 's what i mean . 
  i do n't have a problem with drug companies having profits , i have a problem with profit being their main goal , and not a very beneficial side effect to , well , helping people not die for a while longer . 
  i did n't say `` profit is n't good '' . 
  i said `` there are contexts in which profit should n't be the main drive of progress . '', 
  well about damn time . 
  `` it 's my flag !, 
  i bought it with my own money !, 
  i can do whatever the hell i want with it ! '', 
  seems nobody read far enough to see the part where you criticize your own government and went all `` lol downvote '' mode instead . 
  i guess that can happen when the rhetoric gets too broad ... 
  i am completely discombobulated by your use of vocabulary and a presence that just oozes intellectual superiority . 
  but , you have made a miscalculation . 
  you seem to think that approval from people on reddit is something i seek , and that i will change my ways or opinions if you appeal to my desire to be positively acknowledged and praised by my peers . 
  that , as i said , was a miscalculation . 
  it 's going to be such a fun law :d, 
  i believe you were the first one to make a comment on my personal integrity and my motives . 
  my first comment ( you still did n't ask me why i posted it , mind ) was mostly an `` oh gods , another occasion of someone quoting thatcher in a way that implies q.e.d. 
  at the end '' . 
  but , very nice of you to show genuine concern for my mental well-being , and giving me unsolicited advice about it , much appreciated . 
  broadcasting . 
  so i do need to be relatively careful about tho to act like a complete ponce towards , 
   are you going to rummage for another whataboutism to hide the fact that a nation such as greece wo n't solve its problems by becoming increasingly dependent on loans and foreign aid ? 
  you seem to be pretty happy to jump to conclusions and guess at what 's going on in my head ( hint : if you want to know why i said something , asking me the question might yield better results than wild assumptions ) . 
  so i will instead wait for you to comment on my sexual prowess , make snide remarks about the aesthetic quality of my mother/girlfriend/blow-up-annie , and call me a goddamn commie . 
  do n't go easy on me , i like it * rough * . 
  that 's also the problem with the banking industry . 
  `` too big to fail '' should be `` to big to be allowed to exist '' . 
  but i 'm sure a quote from ol' maggie invalidates everything anyone says , anyway , 
  then again , the guy who developed the polio vaccine ( jonas salk ) refused to patent it , because , in his words `` that would be like patenting the sun '' . 
  and ... i agree in that regard . 
  medicine should , in my opinion , simply not be a for-profit thing . 
  yeah , it 's sad . 
  personally , i * never * had a problem with people from other former republics . 
  it often feels as if it 's just a bunch of old , power-hungry idiots who blew the whole thing to pieces . 
  and enough common folks buying into their narratives , i suppose ... 
  would n't that arguably increase the quality of the food being served there ? 
  well , of course , those need to be negotiated . 
  i 'm just wondering if it 'd be a better idea to make them non-permanent , so they 'd have to be renegotiated every 10 years or so . 
  this comment would n't be as annoying if it was n't so true ... 
  that 's dumb . 
  yeah i have to concur . 
  stuff like that happens in the balkans on a regular basis . 
  usually when there are political points to be won . 
  of course it will . 
  what wo n't be told is that [ austria , for example , is not going to support croatia . 
  ] ( http://www.rtvslo.si/evropska-unija/avstrija-podpira-arbitrazo-med-slovenijo-in-hrvasko/370996 ) it 's so * nice * when the former overlord takes our side , is n't it ... 
  while on the other hand , our own media is going to downplay the croatian points and flash the ones in favor of our side , for example it keeps reminding us that croatia pulling from the process does n't invalidate the court , and that its decision will be binding for both sides regardless . 
  i 'm actually quite happy with how cerar is handling this - with a pretty cool head , does n't get into theatrical exchanges . 
  but honestly , he should kick erjavec off the ministry ... because any time * that * guy opens his mouth , he manages to harm slovenian interests . 
  so what is isis playing at here . 
  threatening egypt that they 'll make croatia hate it unless they meet the demands ... ? 
   rules are rules . 
  unless you negotiate an opt-out , like several eu countries have ... 
  should spend that money on building a safe harbor in their home countries so that they stay there instead of flooding europe . 
  better curb that patriarch authority a bit , vladimir . 
  ca n't keep it at 100 forever . 
  seriously , this is dumb , especially considering that while `` higher birth rate '' sounds like a good thing , those new people are going to take 18 years to become productive members of society , and someone will have to support them until then . 
  `` highly suggestive '' ? 
  does that mean the samples were all like `` oh hey there , doc , you 're looking very good today , wink wink '' ? 
  if someone directly insults you based on your social standing , you get his job , and he gets yours , if you agree to the change . 
  well , getting there is easier , but i 'd say both driving and golf are harder underwater than on the moon once you actually get there :d and remember , we need to go there , not because it 's easy , but because [ we 'll never be rid of napoleon otherwise . 
  yep , does n't matter if it 's oil or tulips . 
  when it crashes , it can crash an economy hard if it depends on it too much . 
  that fact is very relevant if he got the money to buy the lamborghini by cheating others out of their meals , and yes , i 'm being very cynical right now . 
  also , resources are finite , so higher per capita consumption simply means less individuals can get served , so the unsustainability threshold is lower . 
  just saying that average per capita resource consumption of sub-saharan africa can sustain a much larger population than the average per capita resource consumption of , say , france . 
  the problem when we talk about `` sustainability of population '' is that we tend to talk about a population that acts and consumes resources largely in the way * we * do , and africans * do n't * . 
  but what can i say , got ta keep our lawns neat and tidy , even if there 's a drought going on . 
  the base underlying idea under `` lebensraum '' was self-sufficiency , i 'd say . 
  something that 's pretty much impossible in the modern world . 
  yeah that 'd be a pretty big deal . 
  because , then we 'd have to start acting like we 're still going to be around in 350 years . 
  and humans are notoriously bad at long-term thinking . 
  spoken like a true malthusian . 
  tho per capita , they consume a lot less resources than the developed world . 
  hard to do that underwater . 
  oh , yeah , that 's a fair point , yes . 
  i 'll say whatever the hell i want , and if people have a problem with what i 'm saying i damn well expect them to tell me they have a problem with it , and then i 'll buy 'em a drink and we can talk about it like mature adults .
