  would take decades to bear fruit , of course . 
  and long-term thinking is something humanity is really bad at . 
  the way i hear it , we had a chance and decided against it , then we kinda sorta wanted to change our minds but you guys were n't that keen on us joining anymore , but now maybe it could happen in some indeterminate future . 
  in any case , i do think our membership in the group could be a good thing for everyone involved . 
  listen , with all due respect , but we balkan folks do n't count . 
  i mean...self-deprecation in jokes , and especially mujo and haso are just something most of the world simply does n't understand :d but , here i go !, 
  an american , a russian , and a slovenian guy are talking . 
  russian : `` we start assembling tractors and trucks on 25th april , and we 're all there for the 1st may worker 's day parade ! '', 
  american : `` pfsh !, 
  that 's nothing . 
  we start building a skyscraper on 1st of the month , and on 15th , every office is already occupied ! '', 
  slovenian : `` guys , that 's nothing . 
  we start building a brewery at six in the morning , and at noon , we 're all dead drunk ! '', 
  well , we 're all still secretly communists and stuff . 
  obviously . 
  i mean ... we * are n't * , but i bet many western outlets still see the former warsaw pact and non-aligned countries as `` full of illiterate and bigoted peasants '' . 
  but hey , sure , blame the vi\u0161egrad group if that 's enough to divert attention . 
  ( we shoulda joined that one when we had the chance ... ), 
  well , they 're too busy being on strike i suppose . 
  crud , that means we need to follow suit if we ever want to get away from the balkans and back into the austrian empire :( and i think quotas are a stupid solution since they put schengen under pressure . 
  wait , when did austria accept the quotas ? 
  they mostly want to keep one of their mediterranean naval bases ( one of the only two they have there , the other one being in cyprus and that 's a very recent deal ) . 
  if assad falls , that 's gone . 
  i can bearly contain my horror at that unbearable news . 
  were they insufficiently prebeared , or were they loaded for bear ? 
  i understand where you 're coming from , and i might have been a little over the top . 
  i 'm just saying that vigilantism is ... well , i do n't like it . 
  that often puts me at odds with people i do agree with in principle , but try to be more moderate in expressing my position . 
  still , i get where you 're coming from and i respect your opinion - thanks for the conversation , and have a good weekend , 
   she should n't get a second chance in the fact that she should not be able to continue in her profession as there is recorded evidence that she does n't know how to act in a professional manner . 
  the sanction for her action should come from the court of law and/or employer policy , not from the court of public opinion . 
  if we fired ( or fired at ) people the moment the internet `` activists '' start screaming nothing would ever get done , and we 'd also be back in the dark ages . 
   i was saying that if those interested in social vigilante justice attack her i would n't be surprised and neither should she . 
  `` well , if you 're black and walk past a kkk meeting , i wo n't be surprised if you get attacked , and neither should you be ... '' `` well , you should n't have walked down that dark alley wearing that if you did n't want to get raped ... '' `` oh , she 's asking for it ... '' so yeah , she should get what the law and the employer policy are going to throw at her , but that 's where it stops . 
  if anyone takes illegal actions against her , be it harassment or physical violence , then they , too , should get what the law throws at them . 
  no matter how genuinely they thought `` she had it coming '' . 
  it 's a shitty situation and people are looking to score political points on it . 
  life as usual . 
  ah , \u017di\u017eek , always fun to listen to . 
  russia will back asssad . 
  they 're out of the mediterranean if assad falls . 
  they ca n't have that . 
  and me ? 
  personally , if i have to pick between the secular tyrant assad and some saudi-sponsored sunni faction that 's more about fucking with iran than about keeping syria stable , i 'd prefer assad myself . 
  devil i know and all that , and secularism  islamism . 
   just not a frothing mad internet touch guy . 
  you 're tying a little * too * hard with the entire `` mock-and-shame '' act for me to believe that . 
  not that it should matter to you what i think or do n't think about you . 
  i 'm just a random guy on the internet . 
  the leader . 
  it 's * always * the one who actually thought about the atrocity and decided to go through with the atrocity that 's most responsible for it . 
  that does n't absolve the follower of the guilt , but the follower is in a weaker bargaining position * by definition * so has less power to prevent the atrocity than a leader has . 
  now of course you 'll now point out that when it comes to at least libya there was no single `` leader '' , that france was more of a `` figurehead '' than anything , and others followed because they preferred to not lead , not because they could n't have led . 
  and you 'd likely be right . 
  yup , definitely not valid . 
  was it the tie-breaker or a goal that changed a 1pt loss into a 1pt win ? 
  i also charge by the hour , so if you intend to use my `` punchbag services '' and `` guy-i-can-mock-without-feeling-guilty services '' for an extended period of time , please do set up a meeting ahead of time to discuss an appropriate hourly rate . 
  a lot of somebodies do , and i am by no means a perfect human being . 
  nor am i always right about everything . 
  unlike you , so yes , i envy you very much . 
  i wish to be perfect and always right too :(, 
  yeah ? 
  why am i still alive then ? 
  i mean , if all it takes to fix the world is removing me from it ... ? 
  i 'd have thought someone would have done that by now , it 'd be pretty easy , and a low price to pay . 
  putin is getting involved because syria is a friendly state to russia and the host of one of the rare russian mediterranean naval bases . 
  it 's not about putin 's personal concerns as much as it is about the russian ability to project their power . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  to lead 2-0 until 80th then lose 2-3 is just disgraceful . 
  some substitutions might have been kind of bad , but i still do n't understand how the team could squander that lead . 
  i 'm still a bit salty about it . 
   to be honest though , it might be because i 'm italian and we 're used to way worse shit than this from our worst newspapers . 
  possibly . 
  and it might be that i simply prefer `` technical '' headlines as opposed to `` emotionally stimulating '' ones . 
  omit or use loaded terms . 
  for example , `` man gets mugged by three perpetrators '' as opposed to `` man gets mugged by three immigrants '' . 
  guess which one is more political . 
  it 's the one that implies that immigrants are criminals by default . 
  yet since the report was on the fact that the guy got mugged , it 's not relevant to reveal the ethnicity of the perpetrators in the title . 
  so why do news outlets do it ? 
  because it generates views . 
  you said that , not me . 
  actually i 'm not even sure how it follows from what i said . 
  i 'll ask you , too . 
  * eu official resigns after hitting a colleague on the head with a metal plate and attempting to strangle her while calling her a `` dirty jew '' * do you feel this title leaves out any relevant information compared to the original one ? 
  like what ? 
  i assume you mean `` which agenda '' . 
  well , i believe it 's `` these things are more clickbaity , let 's use it to get more ad revenue '' , to be honest . 
  but just to underline my point : * eu official resigns after hitting a colleague on the head with a metal plate and attempting to strangle her while calling her a `` dirty jew '' * does this title look any less informative to you ? 
  assad is no saint , and yes , he is pretty ruthless . 
  it 's just that i consider him the lesser evil over a saudi-sponsored sunni regime which would not be about governing syria at all , but rather about opposing iran . 
  responsibility . 
  either we all share it in all things european , or we all just do whatever the hell we feel like doing . 
  i do n't see any other way that would work in the long term . 
  seriously , everyone wants the eu benefits without the eu responsibilities . 
  that should end . 
  do you want to know the name of just this miscreant , or all miscreants that happened to have hit and tried to strangle a woman today ? 
  because i can tell you , without even knowing any of them , i would wager money , there were plenty of such cases . 
  whoever decided to specify `` female colleague '' despite there being a female pronoun used later in the title . 
  the `` her '' pronoun should clue people in on the gender or the people involved without the previous specification , so i do n't see any reason to specify twice other than agenda-pushing .
