  the other one being greece , so i would n't really use that fact as something to boast about . 
  i would n't feel much different at all , since the subject of french and uk nuclear weapons rarely , if ever , crosses my mind . 
  hard to feel different when something you do n't really think about happens . 
  if sweden and finland thought this was only about ukraine , they would n't have gotten as alerted as they did . 
  this is bigger than just ukraine ... 
  damn , i need to plan for that if i visit usa . 
  `` tuesday : get gunned down in a mass shooting . 
  wednesday : go see the washington monument '', 
  personally , i think if russia tried any aggressive military action , by now sweden and finland have been alerted enough that they 'd join the defensive effort despite not being nato members . 
  they would n't claim neutrality . 
  i mean , russia 's been messing with them , too . 
  wait , jaroslaw kaczynski is saying that the polish and the russian government are ( or at least were ) in cahoots ? 
  i find that ... highly unlikely . 
  ehhh , an immediate pragmatic concern : i 'd think that giving any kind of government the power to decide who gets or does n't get to vote is going to spell trouble in the foreseeable future . 
  democracies are n't free of demagogues . 
  that said , i think people in general * should * show more initiative and inform themselves about decisions they 're making , and understand that voting is not as simple as `` ticking off a name on the ballot , and that 's that '' . 
  it 's actually quite a nice place to visit if you remember that bombastic headlines are nothing more than just bombastic headlines . 
  slovenia and croatia got in with one . 
  though , i suppose it 's more of a `` passive '' one , currently in arbitration . 
  the countries who had to go through long and arduous screening and negotiation would be very cranky about ukraine getting in just because russia . 
  also , greece 's economy would look like nothing more than a hiccup in comparison to ukraine . 
  crazy indeed , but likely not * quite * crazy enough to actually work :d, 
  most memes are n't even even close to clever , being a bunch of pretentious drivel and/or factoids mostly . 
  i know that for a fact , after all , i make them myself . 
  the pretentious ones , i mean , not the factoids , i do n't like spreading false information . 
  now , making them illegal is going to be about as successful as using a sieve to pull water out of a well , though . 
  a word becomes a buzzword in context , not in meaning . 
  i do n't , for example , remember `` rightist '' explicitly stated when viktor orban is messing with hungary . 
  we do n't want to imply that his political leanings have anything to do with it , now do we ? 
  he just happens to be an ass , right ? 
  when it comes to those damn lefties , though ... obviously , we need to imply * their * political leanings have something to do with the mess they 're in , so we need to make sure everyone knows those leanings before we get to the point . 
  maybe i 'm just old and cynical , but i 've seen this shit happening over , and over , and over . 
  tho lately it 's a bit less subtle . 
  edit : holy cow , grammar ... 
  it 's a buzzword . 
  a loaded one , at that . 
  well we ca n't have the poor getting any help . 
  why , everyone can be a rocket scientist if they want it hard enough !, 
  then we 're going to have many rockets !, 
  we wo n't have much grain , because everyone 's a rocket scientist instead of working in agriculture , but damn those are some impressive rockets !, 
  hard to do if paparazzi chase you virtually everywhere and you need to smile and say something every time lest you get branded a stuck-up asshat . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't one of the tenets of nato also a pledge that you will not instigate aggression against any other member ? 
  many think a ) some think b ) many may secretly think c ) i doubt anyone thinks d ) in russia , people do n't discuss politics outside the privacy of their homes . 
  not even to praise putin ( genuinely or pretend ) . 
  people speaking about politics in public are exception . 
  that is , if people i know who were in russia on business are to be believed . 
  ( same people also tell me the russians get nothing done if you do n't keep nagging them , and that it 's so hard to get qualified people that they had to drop knowledge of english as a requirement to hire them in an international company 's russian franchise ) . 
  oh , i see another of those articles that first and foremost make sure that everyone reads the word `` leftist '' before they get to the point . 
  and just today ; xkcd had to post this gem , by the way : http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/napoleon.png, 
  i 'm talking about individual politicians who love to be `` euroskeptic '' to get votes , but do n't complain one bit when they get a paycheck from brussels . 
  well ... no empire lasts forever , eventually it breaks up from within , if history taught us anything . 
  i personally think it has to do with `` identity '' . 
  if the ruler , be it a monarch or an elected one , a singular person or an administration , ca n't make you `` identify '' with the sovereign you 're a part of , you 're eventually going to revolt . 
  `` in principle , that 's what happened . 
  but he was n't detained but simply refused to check out of a hotel , and he was n't cracked down on , but merely shown an alternate perspective '' radio yerevan , reverse !, 
  ( and now i expect downvotes from folks who do n't get the joke ), 
  collecting information about a user without their consent , and without said user actually * using * your service ? 
  yeah , i do n't see any legal problem with that , it 's all perfectly in order , my imaginary friend told me so and he ca n't be wrong . 
  i hope they get sued for a sum large enough to make a dent into their balance . 
  hmmm . 
  yeah , well ... i do n't see that happening . 
  and i 'm not only talking about an uncontrolled immigrant influx ; how about ~ ~ kgb agents ~ ~ poor ukrainians who just so happen to accidentally stumble upon sensitive information ? 
  i mean , pragmatically ? 
  if i wanted to spy on the eu , and the eu opened its borders to ukrainians without a visa , i 'd send my spies over as `` ukrainian refugees/immigrants who are trying to find a better life '' . 
  i doubt it . 
  i 'm sure the juicy stuff is kept in moscow , not around ukraine . 
  click of a finger ? 
  hardly . 
  it 's going to take constant effort and lots of work . 
  more work than is currently being put in it . 
  oh and a big middle finger to those who are `` euroskeptic '' just to get votes by stirring up controversy and rhetoric , but not at all complaining when the eu gives them money . 
  * cough * farage * cough * but you ca n't deny the fact that we 'd have handled the ukraine situation a lot better if the eu had a unified foreign policy . 
  russia 's `` leaders '' ? 
  as in , plural ? 
  though i would say currently europe 's biggest threat is internal bickering and slow integration which keeps the eu stuck in some sort of an unstable limbo-like state . 
  psssst . 
  pragmatism is n't allowed around here . 
  technically he can run the next term as well as he 's currently on his `` first term '' ( as in , he was n't president in the previous term ) , and the constitution allows two consecutive ones . 
  now , of course technically on the `` cooldown '' term in which he could n't run for president because he held the office for the prior two consecutive terms , one wonders if he really `` stepped down '' , so he might just switch with medvedev again ... 
  in any case i do expect him to pull off some legal shenanigans and acrobatics in order to `` respect the letter of the law '' while not giving much of a toss about the spirit of the law . 
  well , yes , we know how to remove kebab , but removing ze rosbif ... that 's an entire new can o ' worms ... 
  i would wager that the record of putin 's involvement are kept in russia , not in ukraine . 
  if we did n't think the eu was a superior option , we 'd not have voted to join , 
  let me worry about my butt . 
  was n't talking about `` race '' anyway , more about some sort of a superiority complex . 
  well , i 'm talking about the actual union , not some aryan union ( + a couple of `` disposable peasant countries '' ) a random dude conjured up in his mind . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure we still would have to , is what i 'm saying . 
  at the very least , we 'd have to spend additional resources on hunting them down . 
  damn that tsipras , it 's almost as if he thinks that he leads a sovereign government !, 
  would be interesting , yes ( which is why i support declassifying the archives ) , but not much past that . 
  oh and i see `` leave history to historians '' seems to be considered a bad idea around here ? 
  oh , that 's true , i was more saying that an extreme on one end tends to be more similar to an extreme from the opposite end than it is to the moderate , `` centrist '' ideologies/applications . 
  while i agree with you on this one , mind , i think i do need to say that often `` extremist '' ideologies are closer to each other than they are to the moderate ones , even if they come from completely opposite ends of the political spectrum . 
  that said , waving your hand and saying `` eh they 're all the same anyway '' is very wrong , as you said . 
  that border wall between usa and mexico sure is n't doing much to prevent having to deal with illegal immigrants , i 'm sure `` the gypsies '' would find a way , too . 
  called it back in 2008 . 
  i think even soviet secret services would have run on `` do not be explicit in your contracts and orders , and for the love of comrade lenin , do n't write anything down unless you absolutely have to '' . 
  `` moving towards '' fascism ? 
  that ship has sailed a while ago , russia is not `` becoming '' fascist , it already `` is '' pretty fascist . 
  say what you want about russia , but those red army choir songs * are * catchy as hell .
