  well ... what 's `` reasonable '' in regard to protectionism depends entirely on whether or not one would benefit from it , 
  homogay western propaganda , obviously . 
  as ridiculous as this sounds , it 's still a threat our intelligence services should ( and likely are doing so ) keep tabs on . 
  well , at least they did n't become ruffians or scallywags . 
  did they knock over any dustbins , tho ? 
  `` all '' of their neighbour countries ? 
  at least one of those is a country you really do n't want to provoke too hard . 
  * hint : * it 's china . 
  hey , being anti-gay and being into polygamy technically * are n't * mutually exclusive . 
  `` surprise anschluss on the beach '' ? 
  i think that one ranks third on my favorite military officers , after captain obvious and major spoiler . 
  wait there 's also general lee outrageous . 
  can we into nordics then too ? 
  honestly , with articles like this , i sometimes feel , from a purely utilitarian perspective that people should just kill off all of us left-leaning folks , and go on to live in their perfect little world because it 's obvious it 's the leftists who ruin everything for everyone . 
  what we left-leaning folks get out of that deal is not having to live in that world . 
  cz is still alive and kickin ' . 
  * especially * when they play partizan . 
  lots of kickin ' there . 
  `` to have been '' . 
  well , there 's always some hardcore stuff going on down here . 
   and it turns out that some people have real problems  of course they do , who in their right mind would make wine their drink of choice !, 
  :d edit : it 's real obvious i 'm from the one region of slovenia that does n't have vineyards , ainnit . 
  bring back the hussars !, 
  that 'd be awesome . 
  that 's why i said good luck with that . 
  well , maybe once we can genetically engineer people to not be corrupt , i dunno ... 
  latvians ares thes ones whos sticks ans s ats thes ends ofs theirs words . 
  and the best in hockey among the three ( we only beat them once , ever ) . 
  lithuania is a basketball nation , and estonia has some good rally and mxgp folks . 
  nah , all socialism needs to work is literally zero corruption . 
  good luck with that one , tho ... 
  well at least sds has been getting less support in every election for a while now , 
  oh you know , ex-yugo is still basically ex-ussr according to many people . 
  okay , that got a chuckle out of me . 
  someone should make an anime of that . 
  i think that depends very much on whether or not they have ever been outside russia . 
  looks vaguely kinda sorta like spain after 20 years of eu4 . 
  we do n't , that 's the point of covert agencies . 
  to do stuff nobody wants to get caught doing overtly . 
  maybe you 're his third account accusing his second account of shady business in order to make your first account look like a victim !, 
  * who could ever know ? 
  you forgot tojo and kim il sung . 
  and the eternal , immortal , turkmenbashi . 
  well , not going easy on spies is standard procedure , the last thing you want to do with them is let them go home with all the intelligence . 
  so yep , if you catch a russian spy , grab him and squeeze him for info . 
  is the prudent thing to do . 
  it 's easy for me . 
  i do n't trust * anyone * . 
  not even myself !, 
  jeez , what is this , tumblr ? 
  nope , got ta go with vienna or prague . 
  yes , as my grandfather used to say , `` bad order is better than no order '' . 
  i hate wastefulness . 
  i really hate it . 
  no matter who does it . 
  well , from my point of view , it just ups the stakes dangerously . 
  i still find it hard to believe those numbers for slovenia . 
  i know it 's not as bad as some want to make it look over here , but it ca n't be as good as oecd says , either . 
  if you remove 10 % from something that can kill you ten times over , you are still getting killed nine times over . 
  as i said , the shield will protect us from one nuke or several nukes . 
  but it ca n't protect us against `` all the nukes ( tm ) '' . 
  the missile defense shield , afaik , can be overwhelmed . 
  so it shifts the problem from `` being willing to launch a nuke '' which the shield will deter , to `` being willing to launch all nukes '' , which the shield ca n't handle . 
  right . 
  well , in that case i need to apologize for my comments earlier on , because i was thinking only balkans when i made them , not russia and central european slavic folks . 
   is monte negro the only country in the region that has no ongoing issues with the other states ? 
  there 's us too , if you forget the occasional border bout with croatia ( that people are getting tired of ) . 
  then again , we do very much like to think of ourselves as `` not balkan '' . 
  and we thought sending slovakia would fool you !, 
   it might be super cynical , but the reality is nothing unites people like a common goal/war/enemy ** that you can punch in the face ** , and a defensive war against such could be the push we need for a common eu army and more integration . 
  the eu already has a common enemy which is the economic crisis we are still in . 
  and not being able to settle the greek matter once and for all due to the lack of political will on all sides of the issue is hurting the eu . 
  but , it 's a vague enemy , one you cant remove by throwing bombs at it . 
  and apparently the only problems we can solve are the ones we * can * throw bombs at . 
  it 's sad . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scandinavism some still do it would appear . 
  you could still star in cabinet of dr. cagliari , tho ? 
  yeah , not like denmark and sweden were ever in violent conflict !, 
  or the german city states !, 
  always bring a knife to a fistfight . 
  and a gun to a knife fight . 
  and a grenade to a gunfight . 
  and grenade fights should n't be a thing cause that 'd just look silly . 
  that 's why we need to develop some sort of technology that will allow us to live ten times longer . 
  because then we 'll be force to adjust our way of thinking to `` well , but since i 'm still going to be around in 300 years , i might want to have something done so the planet wo n't be a dump by then . '', 
  `` that was just a typo on the requisition order . 
  * broomsticks * versus * boomsticks * . 
  happens all the time . '', 
  that 's where all logic goes out the window - even if they were right ( which they are n't ) , it 's happening and it 's going to mess us up , so well , we might want to * do something about it * instead of pretending it 'll go away on its own , but good luck telling 'em that ... 
  i love to see some nice pole dancing . 
  well , a centrifuge technically does the job , but the problem is that if it 's not large enough , the forces on different parts of the body will differ way too much ( your head would feel a lot less force than your feet ) , so it 'd be easy to get disoriented if you do as much as bend down to pick something up . 
  no , you 're definitely not alone in it . 
  but it 's understandable ; the region has always been a powder keg . 
  folks from the gorenjska region ( where i am from myself ) are very frugal and will pinch pennies whenever possible and try even when not possible . 
  folks from ljubljana ( where i currently live ) are posh , try way too hard to be upper class , and think they 're the only ones in the country who matter . 
  folks from anywhere else are heavy drinkers and fun lovers ; in addition to that , folks form the dolenjska region also have nagging wives . 
  we actually had a joke about that a long time ago . 
  it goes like this : slovenia developed a nuclear bomb ( do n't ask me how . 
  we used a plot device , i suppose ) . 
  and in order to test it , we drop one straight on washington dc .
