  all i know that for all his despotism , assad is a secular ruler . 
  i 'd rather have him around than see the country taken over by something saudi-sponsored . 
  with an incident like that , i do n't understand what it has to do with gender . 
  personally i do n't think poverty and social exclusion should be on the same map , because social exclusion can happen due to so many reasons other than finances ( religion , sexual orientation , gender , race , political convictions ... ), 
  yeah we usually get to quarterfinals , or so , and then that 's that . 
  hell , this is one thing that was better in yugoslavia :d we were a superpower in basketball back then , hah !, 
  we sucked at hockey tho , and i like hockey , so ... 
  well you do tend to do that a lot , actually . 
  trail then come back . 
  sometimes it works out , sometimes you lose in overtime . 
  but you 're pretty good at coming from behind . 
  slovenia being put into the same comparison with netherlands in basketball is a bit like netherlands being put into the same comparison with slovenia in football . 
  someone give this guy a medal , i love this . 
  this thread personally offends me because there 's obviously no such thing as `` euro-qualifiers '' . 
  it 's all in your imagination . 
  whoever watched the switzerland-slovenia game knows why i just said that . 
  bloody hell , that was n't just bad , it was * disgraceful * . 
  noooo , noooo , not da faaaaace !, 
  well obviously , they did n't , that 's poles . 
  russians would , of course , have used ruslonium . 
  ... i 'll show myself out . 
  trade is n't a competition , trade makes both sides better off than they would have been without trade . 
  or that 's what they * want * us to think !, 
  so in the end , this * was * about my english . 
  :d well , as you said , now i know . 
  myeah , the crisis hit us hard tho , and we 've been struggling with recovery . 
  well yes , what i meant was basically when a piece of land is claimed by two or more entities , i 'd call a military action in that part an `` intervention '' no matter which interested party does it , and regardless of who 's holding the administrative control of it . 
  should i have used `` contested '' instead ? 
  ( actually , no , do n't watch that . 
  it 's horrible , and by that i mean it 's just plain * bad * . ), 
  well , technically , if it 's disputed you do . 
  but i still have no idea what argentina was thinking . 
  i thought the italics and the `` tm '' superscript should have clued people in on the fact that it was drooling sarcasm . 
  i 'll just say i agree with those thoughts on the eu . 
  reforms are needed , the current setup is too unstable and not that user-friendly . 
   ca n't we just try and work through it ? 
  no more than you can do that with the eu it seems . 
  as i said , the exact same principle applies . 
  reluctance to be a part of something you think you 'd be better off without . 
  `` you '' as in , `` uk '' , of course . 
  and yes i agree we should be more united , i 'm just saying that the reality is that we * are n't * . 
  i mean that left-wing voters tend to not vote when they 're not pleased with the options more often while the right-wing voters tend to still go and support `` their '' guys . 
  basically , it 's been a bit of a trend here - the lower the turnout , the better results the right-wing parties get ; and vice versa . 
  i can only chalk that up to left-wing voters tending not to vote when they 're not happy with what 's on the ballot . 
   removing the incentive means no free money and a ticket home . 
  `` ticket home '' ? 
  those ai n't free , either . 
  you have to allocate resources , manpower and funds if you want to grab and relocate them . 
  also , for many even begging in berlin or paris is a better lot in life than what they have going on in syria or somalia . 
  and you know what that means !, 
  the state will take * your money ^ tm * from you * at a gunpoint * ^ tm because * tax is theft * ^ tm , but it has to get the resources somewhere if it wants to send that amount of people back home and make sure nobody slips through the cracks . 
   that is pretty impossible in the short term . 
  `` but that 's too haaaaaaard ... . '', 
  yeah , usa , we should totally destroy the last secular regime in the middle east instead !, 
  i 've been noticing that too , that the right-wing voters seem to be more ... disciplined and faithful . 
  thing is , people are again starting to get disillusioned by being governed from `` who knows where '' , feeling like they 're not getting the governance they want/deserve , and that more `` local '' ruling entities , culturally closer to their identity would do a better job . 
  i 'm not going to guess at whether the sentiment is right or wrong , but that 's what it is . 
  catalan folks resent being governed from madrid , scottish folks are n't too happy about being governed from london , and venice does n't want to be the part of italy that has to pay for `` them lazy southerners '' so they feel they 'd be better off without that poor south , so they want out ( exactly like so many people in certain countries feel about certain countries on the level of the eu , i might add - the exact same principle applies ) , and so on . 
  it 's a complex issue . 
  well i 'm not too keen on reducing europe to a hellhole nobody would want to migrate to . 
  i am quite in favor of turning the current hellholes into better countries not as many people would want to migrate * from * , tho !, 
  yeah that was awful , some serious bad luck . 
  hope he recovers soon !, 
  that reminds me of one of our ministers , when asked if we have covert operatives in other countries , he pretty much said `` well , that 's kind of what an intelligence agency * does * '', 
  myeah , but thing is , the kurds need to be protected from erdogan too . 
  and that 's where eu and usa might need to get involved . 
  between the two , isis are definitely the greater threat . 
  `` chop the head off on the street '' tends to follow `` teach kids bad things '' . 
  there 's nobody in libya who could do that at this moment . 
  obviously , they should stop and let foreign covert operatives within their territories act with impunity . 
  that 's finland . 
  then russia is a democracy too . 
  but what if they become ruffians ? 
  guess the map is from before sochi 2014, 
  and yet you insisted on having trieste :(, 
  i think they know it , just ... choose to ignore it . 
  you are not mistaken . 
  especially not since these smugglers are likely locals , not foreigners . 
  eh why ? 
  this is happening * because * of the past invasions . 
  `` between a rock and a hard place . '', 
  they have elections soon . 
  that 's your reason . 
  i was thinking more stefan edberg . 
  yay , slovenia can into mitteleuropa !, 
  we make papa austria proud . 
  and if he * did * defend himself , you 'd say `` his trying to squirm his way out of this is basic proof '' . 
  are you willing to go kill the guy yourself , regardless of where and when ? 
  or do you want others to do the killing for you while you jerk your `` justice '' boner ? 
  oh ffs romania , you were doing so well on the entire anti-corruption scene so far !, 
  nobody lives forever . 
  i wonder what abolishing schengen would mean for the economy , e.g. , truck shipments , tourism and the like . 
  just goes to show that * we * are not the intended target of the kremlin ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ most truthful reports on the state of the world . 
  and the people who are the intended target , well , it works on them . 
  we never were going to get them to do that in the first place , but that 's not even relevant in this case . 
  oh gods , now we 'll have to foot the bill because * someone * is going to address it wrong eventually . 
  or invent a counter to the tennis racket . 
  keep the arms race going . 
  hmmmmm ... 
  i 've met a handful , they 're the outliers .
