  myeah i think i could use some caffeine myself . 
  or be off for the night . 
   we can have free trade between countries and all , but countries should have independence , so when some people want thing x , and some people want thing y , and they are already in different countries , it can be kept this way . 
  because while your country has a rich and varied culture , the people in other countries are all the same , right ? 
   instead forcing entire country x to adopt to do the other thing , if there was 51 % more people overall that supported the other thing . 
  how small does a country need to be in order for that to never happen , though ? 
  this one is n't small enough , and we 're * small * . 
  any scale you want to pick . 
  we can check from the beginning of mankind , obviously . 
  `` women are the only ones who can carry children '' since back then . 
  if that was the only variable that affected gender dynamics , nothing would have changed . 
  of course we can look on a shorter time scale , take a couple centuries which is at least a couple order of magnitudes smaller . 
  there 's only one woman in history that 's been called `` the great '' . 
  it 's always men otherwise . 
  we do n't live in those times anymore . 
  and the fact that only women can bear children has not changed since then . 
  or let 's look at an even smaller scale , just decades . 
  the suffragette movement , for example . 
  we do n't live in times when that is necessary anymore ( at least in the developed world ) either . 
  and the fact that only women can bear children has not changed since then . 
  so then , why would i accept the rhetoric that `` because women are the only ones who can bear children the relative incomes by gender are going to stay the same at the same ages 10 year from now as well '' ? 
  i simply said that people who are 30 in ten years will likely not experience the same things in society as the ones who are 30 today , because trends will keep changing . 
  the retort was `` i do n't see the fact that only women can carry children changing anytime soon '' . 
  now , did i waste my time going through this slowly and point-by-point ? 
  we 'll see what the future brings . 
  i 'm quite convinced artificial uterus will happen at some point , and that 's going to shift this entire debate into an entirely new direction and it 's going to be an incredibly heated debate , at that . 
  and even without that , we both know that `` women being the only ones who can carry a child '' is n't the only variable here , because it 's been like that since time immemorial , and yet the gender equality has advanced . 
  so i do n't think it 's too wise to say that nothing will change in 10 years . 
  i do n't think the wage situation for people in their 20s was the same as today 10 years ago , either . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  in the end , the only way we can discuss this with verifiable data is that we wait 10 years and see what happens , and then we see which one of us ( if either of us at all ) made a closer prediction to reality . 
  people who will be 30 in ten years are n't going to be 30 today . 
  what i mean is that the trend will not necessarily be the same in ten years . 
  so it 's not as simple as saying `` well , in 10 years they 'll find themselves in a reversed situation . '', 
  the situation itself is subject to change . 
  that 's the border with austria . 
  the croatian border is another matter . 
  croatia sure is n't . 
  we 're coordinating with germany and austria , and if they step up the border controls , so will we - basically , we pass on the ones austria agrees to take . 
  he 's the only politician in slovenia with an iron grip on his party , having built a cult of personality , and getting away with insinuations of how everyone he does n't like is somehow linked to some amorphous shadowy secret society ( and yet he still fails to just list the names of who those `` uncles '' are , conveniently enough ) , and he 's the * lesser evil * ? 
  that 's not a picture , that 's a poster for an organized event in commemoration of `` dan mladosti '' . 
  and do n't forget that jan\u0161a is a communist , he 's just butthurt over having been kicked out of kpj for being too hardline . 
  but of course , it 's all a conspiracy against him , and even the austrian and finnish law enforcement is in on it , and even his going on record with labeling the people who oppose him `` braiwashed zombies '' is of course a very respectful and truthful statement he made out of pure love for his country and people . 
  * give me a fucking break . 
  that 's like saying a supernova is `` just hot gas '' . 
  you need to get the russians to paint the moon red first then . 
  oh , the americans are just going to send some guys to paint `` coca-cola '' onto it , as that joke goes . 
  contaminate or destroy by what standards ? 
  there 's a lot of moon we still have to * study * before we start drilling it up . 
  ehhh , i was talking slovenia . 
  i did n't go deep into legislation , but you can get a firearm permit here . 
  just need to be bothered to do it , which most of my countrymen * are n't * , instead just expecting everything to land in their lap , then whining about how mommy state wo n't do shit for them when it does n't :( sorry , just caught me in a rather unpatriotic mood . 
  i do n't trust flairs on a throwaway account . 
  but yes , you * can * get a firearm here . 
  you just need to go through the red tape , and it 's not that horrible . 
  sure we do , but it 's our national sport to sit on a warm armchair with a remote in one hand and a beer in the other and whine about how the government sucks and how everything is going to hell and how it 's all the `` continuity forces '' and the `` uncles from behind the scenes '' - you know , some amorphous , larger-than-life sinister force without a name you can comfortably blame everything on , but too vague to risk any libel lawsuit . 
  we 're world champions at such nonsense . 
  basically , on average , we do n't even * want * our own independent state , we just want to blame someone who is n't us for our own misery , and on average , we talk about `` illuminati conspiracies lite '' on a daily basis . 
  and i 'll get downvotes for this . 
  then again , since the post you replied to was a throwaway , the flair might have been random . 
  well i 'm sure some of them are , but many of them are n't . 
  then again if slovenia is any reliable frame of reference , everyone 's too high and mighty to do a `` low-skill '' job anyway and would rather not work at all , so who else is going to do those ? 
  ... even if some of them actually pay pretty well . 
  not my point , it 's a local thing . 
  see , that 's the point i 've been making . 
  they 're not bound for germany and sweden ( only ) because they 're wealthy , but because they 're the places they know of . 
  these people wo n't stay anywhere they do n't know , no matter how wealthy it may be , because they think if they have n't heard of it , it 's somewhere in russia or something . 
   do n't know , do n't care . 
  and yet you have it all figured out and know for a fact that this government is going to ruin the country forever , huh . 
  seriously , with such a sentiment all over the place , i just wan na annex myself back to austria . 
   the point is to make it hard enough to cross the border so that the flow is redirected somewhere else . 
  such as ... ? 
  back then , serbia complied with all but one demand . 
  i get the feeling vu\u010di\u0107 has a problem with more than one now ... 
  we 're stopping all train transit with croatia . 
  and people on foot are going to be subject to border checks . 
  if that holds them off there , they 'll of course try to find an easier spot to get across - the same thing they will do if they run into a fenced `` hot spot '' . 
  if you do n't fence the entire border , you might as well just not put up a fence at all . 
  as long as it has holes in it , * it will leak * . 
  it 's like eating soup with a fork . 
  a fence would n't stop them without being policed , and we do n't have the manpower to police a border as long as the one with croatia . 
  and even if we get extra , we 'd then have to pay those , and then you 'd go on complaining about `` bloated public sector stealing my money '' . 
  of course , blame the standing government , that way it 's `` someone else 's fault '' . 
  i will agree that it 's a shame that we simply do n't have a decent right-side party that could feasibly contend for winning an election ( take note of the keyword `` decent '' ) , so our political balance is kind of screwed tho . 
  these romans are crazy !, 
  i was half-joking up there , but this has been an incredibly informative read . 
  you have my thanks . 
  the unsc was established in the aftermath of wwii , and the winners of that war set themselves up as permanent members . 
  it worked for north korea !, 
  but yeah the veto power comes from having won wwii , not nuclear capability . 
  yeah that was my first thought . 
  `` wow , that 's some serious detour they took there . '', 
  that 's exactly the point here . 
  international relations are in the domain of realpolitik , there 's no room for idealism in there . 
  the world powers all have the same motivation behind their foreign policy - they do what the people in charge think best suits their interests . 
  smaller countries , like slovenia , or belgium also act in their self-interest , but of course in their case it 's often more a case of deciding who to throw our lot in with . 
  it 's an inherently morally neutral situation , there 's no `` good guys '' and `` bad guys '' . 
  only `` those who align with our interests '' and `` those who oppose our interests '' . 
  edit : personally i 'm in favor of a strong eu that can stand on its own ; and is n't dependant on others to do so . 
  of course with the current internal bickering , that 's still not going to happen anytime soon .
