  i do n't know , over here we have laws against harassing or mistreating people just because they happen to come from a specific country . 
  but okay , this is n't exactly beating someone up for being russian , but still ... now , i get it if she was putin 's girlfriend , or something ... i 'd get that . 
  but this is just lashing out at someone because you happen to hate what the government of the country they 're a citizen of is doing . 
  poor form . 
  not that i 'm saying that just being a bit of an inconsiderate asshole is a crime , i 'm just saying you would n't be on my party list . 
  everything is political these days it seems . 
  not that much , latvia performed quite strongly ... 
  one thing i do n't get is how czech republic gave 12 points to azerbaijan . 
  i think that was the only 12 point vote that actually surprised me . 
  and you think this will change their minds ? 
  that they will suddenly go `` oh my !, 
  how wrong have i been ! '', 
  or something ? 
  it 's like you laugh at and pat at a kid cause they did something cute and funny or useful , and it * was * cute and funny or useful the first , and maybe even the second time , but now * they just keep doing it instead of quitting while they were still ahead * . 
  i 'd argue that even this is nothing new . 
  russia 's military doctrine has considered the soldiers `` disposable '' for quite a long time before the current mess started . 
  this does n't bring anything new to the table . 
  everyone 's made up their mind about the ukraine situation months ago and sure as hell wo n't change it . 
  honestly , anyone who expects people to go `` forsooth !, 
  lo , have i been wrong and deceived ! '', 
  and suddenly change their mind about the entire thing , is kind of expecting the impossible . 
  those of us who are pretty damn sure russian soldiers were directly involved do n't * need * anything more , those who denied it will keep denying it , the only relevance this has is if someone wants to go sue russia in an international court or something . 
  so yeah , it 's basically been beaten past the point of it being a `` dead horse '' , now there are just some broken bones and a smear of blood on the ground where the horse fell down . 
  the usa is putting enough pressure on the eu when it comes to economic and market policies as it is . 
   russia has n't taken parts of eastern ukraine yet . 
  personally , i think that 's because the current situation suits them better ... the donbass area being a complete clusterfuck is currently still an ukrainian sovereign problem . 
  if russia annexes it , then it suddenly becomes * their * sovereign problem . 
  and russia really ca n't afford to have such a tumultuous region within the country . 
  i 'm with you on the rest , i 'm more annoyed than afraid myself . 
  i love how headlines love to use the word `` force '' . 
  it packs so much more punch than say , `` propose legislation for '' . 
  outdated , slovenia has legally recognized gay marriage . 
  greece might have something to say on the matter ... and i do n't blame 'em . 
  haha , i think you 've hit the nail on the head there . 
  nope , not scared . 
  to be honest , i 'm more worried about islamic state . 
  why did one russian guy kill the other russian guy ? 
  he got fed up with the old jokes the other guy was telling . 
  `` on vacation '' ? 
  if only . 
  putin was most definitely still working very hard then ( lots of strings to pull and stuff ) , and not taking a vacation . 
  that is * not * a `` bitchslap '' . 
  at worst , it 's an `` oh , you '' kind of slap . 
  we have a saying here , `` better an alive coward than a dead hero '' . 
  easy way to solve that . 
  ask them what a burqa is and see how many of them describe a hijab instead . 
  seriously , if we 're limiting songwriting or any other form of entertainment and art to `` reality '' , we might as well do away with the entire concept of art and creativity . 
  on the other hand , i somehow suspect you would have no problem if her song was about aliens abducting cows in kamchatka ( which would also be completely going against the reality of what 's happening in russia ) . 
  shooting down a commercial flight would n't look good on ukraine now would it . 
  thing is , macedonia is surounded by nato countries except for serbia and kosovo . 
  and those two would promptly get nipped in the bud if they looked funny at macedonia . 
  or russia opens a commercial airline from moscow to transnistria ... just to deliver vodka and potatoes to the people of transnistria , honest . 
  i agree with this 100 % . 
  not being gay myself , yet i can think of one or two situations where i 'd end up in a same-sex marriage ( citizenship , budget , etc. ), 
  i 'd know , i am one . 
  12 points , just for the hussar wings . 
  well , i 'm lazy therefore i only accept proofs presented in latin script and google translate just is n't reliable :( not saying i 'm asking for any `` proofs '' , mind ... i do n't really care much either way . 
  i mean , i do n't need additional `` proofs '' that russia is directly involved in ukraine , and that the donbass region is a complete clusterfuck . 
  i think it 's more `` i ca n't read cyrillic '' . 
  i do n't know , should over 50 's be entitled to eating food that tastes good ? 
  or watching anything other than soap operas ? 
  what kind of a dumb question is that . 
  slovenia , catering to headphone fetish folks since 2015 !, 
  infertile people ca n't reproduce even in principle either , yet you 've given no reason for why you 're considering them differently . 
  it 's not obfuscation , it 's a fact . 
  and that 's exactly the problem with what you 're saying . 
  1 ) `` ca n't have children = no marriage for them ! '', 
  2 ) `` infertile people ( who ca n't have children ) can get married '' . 
  there 's an inconsistency , right there . 
  now please . 
  continue squirming and weasel-wording . 
  make a fool of yourself some more , i beg you . 
  i 'm going to have so much fun . 
  that , or you can simply admit that `` marriage '' has nothing whatsoever to do with `` children '' , and find a different reason for why you would n't allow same-sex marriage . 
   it is reasoned logic and the fact that you ca n't respond without obfuscation shows that i am correct . 
  oh quit it with cheap and overused rhetorical nonsense . 
  you know as well as i do that this is bullshit , you might want to repeat the above 300 times in front of a mirror , and you 'll still know it 's bullshit . 
  i asked a question within one particular social policy you were talking about . 
  i also did n't talk about undoing the social policy entirely , i asked about adjusting it to be in line with your claims . 
  remember , you 're the one who came forth with an absolute statement that `` ca n't have children , therefore no marriage for them '' . 
  all i did was point out the fact * that you 're already making exceptions . 
  and if you control the supply and the demand , you 're still controlling the prices . 
  indirect control is still control . 
  that 's what a free market has to do with informed purchases . 
  damn , i should almost challenge you to a goof-off . 
  but i 'm , too busy :(, 
  well , he * is * a politician ... * and * an economist . 
  from the article , it appears that the german government decided to do so of their own accord . 
  it 's not taking the blame , either , it 's just cleaning up a mess someone else left . 
  i mean , if i see a banana peel on the ground , and pick it up and take it to the trash , i did n't `` take the blame '' for the peel being there . 
  i just took care of an eyesore . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  we are after all , armed with the power of hindsight , something the folks drafting that agreement did n't have . 
  not saying that they could n't have thought of something better , but we now have information they did not have ; what you said seems common sense to us because we know more than they did . 
  not mere `` manipulation '' , but `` deliberate manipulation '' . 
  do n't ask me to define half of an expression i used , especially not if it changes its meaning as a separate expression . 
  a teacher 's job is to pass on knowledge and information , it 's a neutral action . 
  parents as they bring up the kids are passing on things to them that should make their lives less of a hassle . 
  no such `` manipulation '' makes you an object to them , and it is n't as `` deliberate '' as it is just inherent in human interaction . 
  when advertisers throw deodorant ads at me , though , they 're trying to deliberately get me to buy something by subliminally telling me how much more i 'll be getting laid if i buy it , and their goal is simply profit - i 'm an object to them , a cash cow .
