  what russia is doing now is what needs to be discussed , but bringing this up is just propaganda , as in `` well no wonder , russians and nazis were allies at some point '' . 
  looking at history , everyone has been an ally with everyone else at some point . 
  even yankees and commies were allies at some point . 
  jeez , that guy 's still alive ? 
  i thought being a dictator is one of those jobs that are going to kill you . 
  but really , i mean , the guy 's been around in belgrade for tito 's funeral , which is now 35 years ago ... 
  but germany and poland were buddy buddy allies too !, 
  they partitioned czechoslovakia after all !, 
  in the age of live , around the clock satellite coverage ? 
  yeah , good luck pulling that off with any relevant effect ... 
  good times , eh ? 
  well , that 's why you have rehearsals . 
  and it seems to have been human error , not tech breakdown . 
  who makes up society ? 
  not always the same people . 
  that 's why it changes . 
  then promptly gets spirited away by the secret police because it was a political joke . 
  but that would leave both his hands full and he could n't carry a big stick !, 
  100 days ? 
  just 100 days ? 
  with the comments i 'm reading here itmakes it seem as if they 've been in charge for at least a decade . 
  what is with this `` joining the fight on one side means i take all the credit if that side wins '' thing ? 
  but why eliminate health problems if we can treat them expensively and charge people all the way to their graves ? 
  well obviously all that kebab and burek are making people fat !, 
  reminds me of that joke when people are telling jokes by numbering them . 
  and then when a guy says `` 85 ! '', 
  nobody laughs , because he 's the type that sucks at telling jokes . 
  `` my experience is different than yours , therefore you 're lying . 
  ` specially if you cope with that with lots of homebrewed vodka . 
  that 's me !, 
  though i will say when i 'm sitting at the desk i 'm usually working . 
  and when i 'm working i 'm usually fidgeting too ( you know , doodles all over the place and stuff ) ... and that actually does tend to add up over time . 
  damn that western union , eh ? 
  abe simpson puts it best : `` i used to be with it , but then they changed what ` it ' was . 
  now what i 'm with is n't ` it ' , and what is ` it ' seems weird and scary to me ... . it 'll happen to you ... '' it 's not that old people get more conservative . 
  it 's that what was liberal in `` their '' times is what they fought for , but now it 's just not good enough anymore . 
  society changes , not people . 
  what 's wrong with pregnant sex ? 
  as a fellow fan of hockey , and rooting for team finland when they 're not playing our team ( so tomorrow evening i wo n't be a fan of team finland ) , i approve !, 
  well , there are people who still prefer to do their business in cash , because , so they say , they feel they 've got better control of their money that way . 
  do n't you go ruining my delusions with your petty facts , you big meanie !, 
  :( but yes , you 're right :d, 
  aw come on , guys . 
  we know that underneath that exterior , you serbs are actually a bunch of cool folks . 
  you can stop pretending , we 're not going to think you 're big softies , i promise . 
  well , since juncker talked something about `` anglo-saxons '' , we can talk about the `` franks '' , too . 
  `` lingua franca '' and all , huh . 
  greece should have trademarked the word `` europe '' . 
  booze is still too cheap . 
  eesti ca n't into nordics yet . 
  when it comes to `` not trying to stab people over politics '' , times were better for us , as well . 
  do you have a picture ? 
  i so wan na see that . 
  automation should , however , translate into shorter work days for the same wages , not into inventing bullshit jobs that only serve to keep the unemployment statistics low . 
  well the only ones who were missing were carter and castro , pretty much every other major political player was there . 
  so , there 's the idea !, 
  if you ever want to mess up the world , time travel to belgrade , 8th may 1980 ... 
  it seems to be more of a personification of the country itself . 
  say what you want about communists , but damn yes , the songs are catchy as hell and i am not ashamed of liking to listen to them sometimes . 
  yeah , right up until the dictator dies or is otherwise removed from office , and leaves behind a power vacuum ... and after every 5/6/4 you inevitably get that 0/0/2 pants-on-head guy . 
  `` regret '' implies that there 's some sort of a failure on your part . 
  yup , he died , and then all hell broke loose . 
  nope , sticking to firefox here . 
  it is a simple misunderstanding . 
  the guy was just looking for a spa to relax a bit , but the lithuanians mistranslated `` i need a spa '' to `` i 'm a spy '' . 
  simple misunderstanding , i assure you . 
  though , a fsb employee ? 
  that 's ... very conspicuous . 
  i mean , ideally you want to install someone who can keep a low profile and not draw attention ; as opposed to someone who will make people suspicious just by being there . 
  i 'd almost speculate that this guy was n't the actual spy , but more likely a bigger fish , a handler or something - someone the actual spies report to . 
  i might be wrong of course , but i do wonder what information the lithuanians can get out of him . 
  seems like a diversionary tactic to me . 
  kosovo is in a really bad shape , so what else is there to do than drag serbia into the picture again ? 
  i do n't know , best i can come up with is `` do n't vote for those guys '' , but seeing as what kind of guys people vote for over here , and politics being similar all over the place , that does n't fill me with confidence :(, 
  the more i read this article , the more it reads pretty much as `` we need the fourth reich , sooner better than later '' . 
  wtf ? 
  russia and socialism in the same sentence is one huge error at the current time . 
  russia is pretty much fascist these days . 
  socialism ? 
  no , i think most of the eu is more `` socialist '' than russia is right now . 
  memes mock everything . 
  everything . 
  this is n't news . 
  this is the natural state of affairs on the internet . 
  why is there a romanian flag on that handbook ? 
  oh yes , look at those evil palestinians oppressing everyone all over the place . 
  oh , like `` those lazy greek fuckers deserve what 's happening to them '' , that card ? 
  oh come on , finns are just like us slavs , they 're gon na drink anything as long as it smells like it might be booze . 
  now , teaching germans that ... 
  well maybe that way with one less ahead of us , we can finally stay up in top pool of the iihf championships ( as long as we stay ahead of austria , we should be good ) . 
  i 'd have said `` rush limbaugh '' myself , but ... glenn beck works too . 
  hey , krain is 9 base tax . 
  you 've got 6 at most in your provinces !, 
  when it comes to the ability to oppress , being compared to sweden is underselling facebook . 
  in fact , being compared to anything is underselling facebook . 
  not if the income ceases to be taxed . 
  we get the ministry of blaming it all on `` those other guys '', 
  i always say that it 's assets that need to be taxed as opposed to income . 
  maybe we should look into getting yugoslavia back together ... but with ljubljana being its capital this time . 
  actually , no i do n't think that would be such a good idea ...
