  i think in the long term , we will come out on top , but ... yeah , not soon . 
  riga is latvia , vilnus is lithuania , but just knowing the three is better than most people can do , 
  latvians play best hockey of the three . 
  lithuanians on the other hand , best basketball . 
  estonia has a couple good rally drivers , and a top-tier sumo wrestler . 
  i think the problem is that too many people , at least here , thought that now that we did the entire `` rite of passage '' into the western world , it 's all going to be easy coasting , that the work is done , failing to realize that it 's a constant effort . 
  and since it 's not all milk and honey from the sky now ... 
  that 's a real tall order , and a real long-term goal . 
  ukraine is currently so broken economically that greece looks good in comparison . 
  and if the western banks put it in debt with massive loans ... well . 
  that 's a whole new can o ' worms . 
  i 'm not saying it ca n't be done , mind , but that such a project would take a couple of decades , at least . 
  europe is like quantum mechanics . 
  if it does n't shock you , you 're not understanding it , and if you say you 're understanding it you 're either a genius or lying through your teeth , 
  it 's kazakhstan . 
  restore the kalmar union !, 
  as soon as some people stop being so averse to a fiscal union ... i hope . 
  honesly , you are n't as whiny about it as we slovenes are . 
  sooooo much whiiiiining over government this government that , `` oh my life is so horrible because of our damn government ( or the one in brussels ) , / sent from my iphone . '', 
  it 's a matter of princip ( le ) . 
  my lord , the treacherous bohemia has declared war on us !, 
  they cite `` religious supremacy '' as their casus belli !, 
  good times . 
  now that 's just dumb . 
  it is said that the only thing the bosnian officials can ever agree on is to raise their own salaries . 
  and well , sarajevo was burning not that long ago since the people were fed up with how dysfunctional the country is , and that unrest is still simmering . 
  mujo , fata and haso are legendary  - why does a bridge crumble when mujo crosses it ? 
  - because sometimes the smarter side just gives up . 
  hey , it worked for tito . 
  trade some with the west , trade some with the east , and yugoslavia was doing quite well . 
  but then he died . 
  uh , is switzerland even part of the sanctions since they 're not in eu anyway ? 
  i genuinely do n't know . 
  what they can hold on to ? 
  they 've always just gone `` scorched earth '' and waited for winter ... hell , they burned moscow down just to spite napoleon . 
  i do n't really believe the overwhelming majority , but i would n't be surprised if it was about 50/50 leaning towards joining russia , purely because of the crimean demographics . 
  in any case , getting crimea back to ukraine would be a rather tall order . 
  not going to happen soon , but i am not ruling out the possibility that it can happen `` in a while '' . 
  that 's monaco , but yeah they have the same flag ... 
  go to polandball subreddit , you 'll learn real quick , 
  zlatan is ... a weird guy . 
  i mean , yeah , he 's a pompous douche , but it feels * weird * if he does n't cause a pr kerfluffle every now and then ... 
  figures , then . 
  pesky pocket countries . 
  and switzerland . 
  only if eesti can into nordic , i think . 
  `` why the hell do you have to go stickin ' dollar signs on everything !, 
  please , just die . 
  nothing personal , just planting the seeds ... '' ahhh mr. hicks , you are being missed ... 
  `` i 'm only putin up with these rumors cause i find them funny . '', 
  we both know caesar does n't pop up nearly as often in comparisons as hitler does ( if he did , he 'd have his own law ) . 
  it just so happens that the ides of march was yesterday , so references were to be expected . 
  as for `` admitting '' , that would imply some sort of guilty conscience on my part . 
  though i will acknowledge that i could have made my point better , since i completely forgot about yesterday having been march 15th . 
  thanks to the specifics of yesterday 's date no doubt . 
  really ? 
  when 's the last time caesar came up in the context of anything and someone or something got compared to him ? 
  no , but it does n't do anything to support it , either , in essence it 's an ad hominem if used to attack someone ( or an organization ) . 
  but i swear , 2000 years from now people will think that hitler was a deity of some sort , seeing how we ca n't stop talking about the guy . 
  but eesti can not into nordic ? 
  i wish `` countries are doing military exercises all the freaking time '' would stop being `` breaking news '' . 
  now , unless some german official makes a typo in the requisition order and writes down `` broomstick '' instead of `` boomstick '' . 
  you meant to say `` any politician , ever '' . 
  of course the enemy is sometimes foreign ( country , organization ... ) , sometimes domestic ( party , crime ... ) , but `` cracking down on this thing that 's totally trying to ruin our country '' is pretty much the rhetoric of any politician , ever . 
  or maybe that 's just what we * want * you to think !, 
  he 's back ? 
  i feel unsurprised , but mostly i feel like * i told you so * . 
  i feel unsurprised , but i mostly feel like * i bloody told you so * . 
  `` russian shill '' and `` guy i do n't agree with '' being used interchangeably there ? 
  that post is an opinion piece . 
  it has the same value as any other unsourced opinion here . 
  but well , we all do that `` thinking that people who think differently are fools '' thing , so that 's not something i 'd go all `` gotcha '' on you for . 
  but truth is - none of us have powers of clairvoyance here . 
  so , please forgive me if i do n't immediately buy what you say just because it 's * you * who said it . 
  why would i think you 're any more qualified to talk on the subject than any other individual in this discussion ? 
  to me you 're no different than the next average redditor . 
  and i 'm sure you feel the same about me . 
  and that you think i 'm an idiot for not agreeing with you blindly , maybe . 
  been a while , but i believe it 's tropico 4 , or its `` modern times '' expansion . 
  that almost reminds me of that tropico mission where you have to secretly become a rebel leader to , with the help of kgb , lead a coup against el presidente ( yourself ) to dismantle his ( your ) reign and install a new ruler ( yourself ) . 
  even the kgb agent is confused out of her mind about it . 
  well , canadians do like to snack on some poutine now and then . 
  that 's the reservation i 'd have . 
  i 've got no clue what 's better , to `` dilute them '' and have individual extremists be in contact with more people ; or to separate them where they can network and plan amongs themselves more efficiently . 
  looks like a crapshoot to me either way  . <, 
  information wants to be free . 
  ca n't cover it up forever . 
  but also , this is yanukovych 's cronies here , they 've already been discredited in public and internationally , so any information they might have had would be looked upon with quite some doubt and suspicion . 
  `` i 'm not saying it 's aliens , but ... '', 
  we sneeze at the puny disease !, 
  but yeah i think you 're on the money there . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` someone in russia '' would say that , cause there are such crazy someones in russia . 
  though they tend to be in the opposition . 
  depends whose penis he choked on , to put it this way . 
  had he been deposed by a more radical faction in the military , they 'd likely want to make it a big announcement ( about how they finally got rid of that weakling who did n't want to annex the entire former ussr * right nao * and now they 're finally rolling the tanks out properly for the glory of mother russia ) . 
  though my bet is still on `` crimea annexation day '' parade . 
  in times like this , people do nonsensical things because of revenge and power . 
  those pixellated blocks have feelings , you know :(, 
  i would n't write him off completely myself , if only because we have that kind of a politician around here as well ( janez jan\u0161a ) ; and he 's still causing all kinds of trouble for the country ... 
  personally , i suspect a ~ ~ `` crimea annexation day '' ~ ~ `` the return of our crimean brothers day '' celebration .
