  i often wonder if they even get any sleep with all their responsibilities . 
  power vacuum , warring factions vying for power , civil war , unrest , instability ... stuff like that . 
  usually happens whenever a dictator leaves office for any reason . 
  and there are crazier guys than putin in russia . 
  one of his most vocal opponents , for example , thinks that russia should retake the ussr stuff by force right now , nuclear if necessary . 
  having zyuganov anywhere close to the proverbial button is a scary thought . 
  '' \u010ce ni , \u0161e vojska ne vzame '' : not even the army takes what you do n't have . 
  '' \u010ce vpra\u0161a\u0161 , ne bo\u0161 za\u0161el '' : ask for directions , and you wo n't get lost !, 
  `` prazen \u017eakelj ne stoji pokonci '' : an empty sack ca n't stay up . 
  basically it means people got ta eat if you want them do do anything useful . 
  `` volk dlako menja , narave pa ne '' : a wolf will change its fur , but not its nature . 
  `` vsaka ura lahko rani , a le zadnja ubije '' : any hour can wound , but only the last one will kill you . 
  20 % * with everyone voting in favor of repealing the law * . 
  the referendum law says that in order for the law to be repealed , 20 % of all constituents must vote against it in the referendum . 
  so a 20 % attendance is an absolute minimum for the referendum to be even theoretically valid , in case literally everyone who showed up voted in favor of repeal . 
  even if with 20 % attendance , there 's 60 % in favor of repeal , that 's only 12 % of all constituents , and the referendum still fails . 
  ai n't that the truth . 
  producing `` stuff '' , or `` services '' . 
  with some help , they could make tourism big again . 
  like , when tourists do n't feel like a desperate local is going to try and mug them for a few $ . 
  but what i 'm saying is , if people do n't buy stuff , then the business that produces that stuff gets no revenue . 
  which means they have to downsize , which leaves more people out of jobs , which means less people have the disposable income to buy the stuff or services being produced ... production simply can not run without a steady steam of revenue to fund it . 
  that revenue comes from consumers . 
  alright , i 'm just going to use a cheap argument here . 
  how many average voters , greek or otherwise , do you think actually look past the surface level to get informed about the policies their preferred party would push ? 
  they heard `` you wo n't be poor , dirty , soggy and wo n't have bad teeth '' . 
  and if they have another election , that 's all they 'll hear again , but it 's likely to be golden dawn offering it . 
  as it currently is , greece has a primary surplus , which means they 're not overspending . 
  it 's the interest on the existing loans that tip them into the red , not their own spending , so restructuring the debt to shift payments into the near future when the economy 's recovered and the primary surplus increased makes sense . 
  and well , something should be done to jumpstart the domestic consumption and get the economy circulating again . 
  people who have nothing , ca n't spend anything , i.e. , ca n't create revenue for the economy . 
  also , widespread poverty and unemployment brings all kinds of nasty stuff like crime , reduced hygiene standards followed by disease , and political radicalization . 
  we have a saying over here ; `` if you have nothing , not even an army takes anything from you '' . 
  what i think is that the greek government needs to crack down on corruption and tax evasion ( with the help of eu institutions if necessary ) , confiscate the ill-gotten wealth from people who ca n't prove the source or legitimacy thereof , while maintaining a minimum standard of living for the people hit hardest by the crisis ( living , not luxury ) , to make them able to make contributions to the economy again , which will recover once people actually start buying stuff and bringing in revenue for business . 
  well , the greeks that are suffering the consequences today likely were n't voting for the folks who screwed up the country ( i dare say , many of those who are taking the biggest punch today were n't even eligible to vote then ) . 
  so , when it comes to `` taking responsibility '' , i think the new government should come down on those who benefited from the system in `` the old days '' and siphoned all that wealth our of the greek economy . 
  i tend to judge people on who they are ( behavior and functioning in society ) rather than what they are ( nationality , skin color , etc. ), 
  there 's a pun about us having `` chickened out first '' somewhere . 
  duma is pretty much just a formality , and putin knows that . 
  he kind of designed the system that way . 
  whatever you say . 
  i 'm going to believe you , since you 're a random person of the internet who is making unsupported statements . 
  got ta believe those without question if i do n't wan na be called names and all . 
  i think they 're going by that tried and true maxim of `` if you throw enough dirt , some of it is bound to stick '' . 
  that 's why they 're flinging so much nonsense around all the time . 
  eh , do i come across that way ? 
  weird . 
  i mean , i do n't believe for a second that the chechens did it . 
  i was just saying that i would n't be surprised if it actually happened . 
  my bet is on someone who was trying to score a few `` putin points '' . 
  how are they equivalent ? 
  worst thing is that if nemtsov was a ch supporter , the islamists very much would have a motive to kill him , so i would n't call it `` nonsensical '' as a possibility . 
  i do n't for a second believe it actually happened that way though , do n't get me wrong . 
  i still remember the 1999 one , i was able to , even if only briefly , see the full eclipse . 
  it was awesome . 
  secretary being a low-paying job ? 
  well , i suppose if the company is doing badly , but it 's hardly a minimum wage thing . 
  definitely noticeably above cashiers from my experience . 
  cashiers , well , actually having worked as one in the past , the place was pretty 50/50 ; but that did seem to be more an exception . 
  so i 'll give you that one . 
  male kindergarten teachers ? 
  maybe we 'll have more of those once people stop assuming that the only reason a guy would get close to kids is because he secretly likes them very very much because men are obviously nothing but animals driven by their cocks . 
  also depending where you are , might not be that bad money-wise . 
  and that 's all i was saying . 
  `` it 's not far-fetched to imagine it happening . '', 
  that 's kind of what the word `` plausible '' * means * . 
  it does n't mean i actually believe the narrative . 
  apparently , though , that makes me delusional , interestingly enough . 
  so , according to you , there 's no way in hell islamists would ever pull anything in russia , ever ? 
  as i said ; `` plausible '' means nothing more than `` in this world , it could happen '' . 
  but please , do go on with your lame attempts at making me look like a loon . 
  it 's entertaining . 
  yeah , after a history of crazy made-up scenarios , it 's hard to believe any official version coming from the kremlin ... which , from the truth-seeking perspective , kind of sucks as it leaves everyone in uncertainty . 
  as i said , i 'm not saying i believe that narrative . 
  i just see it as something that , in this world , could happen . 
  it 's not far-fetched . 
  i mean , why would russia be immune to islamist attacks ? 
  theoretically speaking . 
  this actually sounds plausible . 
  i mean , that is something * the islamists would do * . 
  now , plausible , yes , whether or not it 's true , though ... who knows . 
  hey , do n't ask me !, 
  i 'm dumb , allegedly , how the hell should i know ? 
  great , so russia went `` oh okay , you win , i confess '' . 
  since our strategy so far was based on saying russia is n't being honest , now we need to find something else they were dishonest about . 
  ( and i 'm sure there is something like that . ), 
  old , yes , repost , yes , incorrect ... not really . 
  since when has `` we 're having a new election then ! '', 
  been a threat ? 
  talks about grexit are a disincentive to investment in greece . 
  watch out , we have a badass over here . 
  sell as many silly hats as you can to make mad money !, 
  it worked ( and still does ) for valve . 
  well i will agree that for once , usa had nothing to do with creating this clusterfuck . 
  they , of course , are quick to try and exploit it , though . 
  this is a point , though . 
  people are economic creatures , and if they realize their current environment ca n't satisfy their economic needs , * they will move * . 
  see , i admit i did n't understand that , since i was n't even thinking about ukraine in this thread . 
  well , just me . 
  really .
