  the russians knew that the austrians knew that fact . 
  and yet , austria proceeded to make demands that included military presence in serbia , something that was obviously there for the serbs to reject . 
  so , you know that your adversary knows that what they 're doing means they 'll have to deal with you eventually , yet they 're acting as if that 's the least of their concerns . 
  both of you also know that if you come to blows , it 's going to be bad for you both . 
  so , when they start acting as if they 're not worried , you know that someone has their back . 
  the `` someone '' in this case being germany . 
  and you go `` fuck , the germans are up to something '' , and mobilize in advance . 
  of course there 's also the fact that wilhelm ii was out on a cruise when he really should have been in berlin , keeping on top of the situation . 
  i do n't think we should forget about those . 
  bribery is bribery , `` someone else happened to offer more than we did '' is n't a defense . 
  yup stealing that quote , too , if situation calls for it ... 
  well , you have to hand it to them , tho , they named their main airport after that guy , as opposed to some politician . 
  inb4 erdogan goes `` see !, 
  how could we have armenians in our parliament had we exterminated them ! '', 
  is my mom ugly , too ? 
  germany was gave austria a blank check to deal with serbia as they see fit , the austrians interpreted that in their own way , made demands that were designed to be refused ( military control ) , and by the time wilhelm was back from his vacation that he could n't have picked at a worse time , and sent that telegram , austria had already declared . 
  well , i will concede that while wilhelm ii was n't innocent , it was mostly his incompetence that helped start the mess - there 's a crisis in the sphere of influence of the central powers , and what does he do ? 
  * he goes on a fucking cruise !, 
  * plus , if bismarck is to be believed , wilhelm very much did want a war with russia , just not at the same time as with france . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  yeah , germany totally was n't up to anything then ... totally not . 
  ... it 's the internet . 
  some people are just assholes . 
  that 's all . 
  there 's an xkcd for it : https://xkcd.com/1510/, 
  `` if you do stuff that likely increases your medical costs you should pay more for insurance '' is what you said . 
  not only smoking and drinking , but also commuting , extreme mountaineering and being married to a control freak do . 
  so , people spending a lot of time commuting should be paying more than those who do n't , then ? 
  after all , commuting increases risk of injury and thus the risk that you 're going to be a drain on the healthcare system ... 
  yep , lots of trouble , ca n't afford any . 
  democratization comes internally . 
  the society , the people have to want it . 
  otherwise they 'll just replace an `` oppressive tyrant '' with `` the kind of tyrant we like and support , and fuck those who happen to not like this one '' . 
  the gulf of trieste , occupation during ww2 , the border concessions they got at the end of ww1 , i suppose . 
  also for driving badly and clogging our roads in the summer . 
  wait , is n't outstanding dues one of the first things that people check when you want to change your name , the other being outstanding criminal records ? 
  that 's good to hear . 
  always good when people can get over politics . 
  folks from other former ex-yugo republics still get a lot of hate . 
  people like to bash americans and germans too ... until they deal with an american or german , that 's where they switch to `` let 's drool around and suck up to the rich western foreigner , maybe he 'll notice us . '', 
  but the most hated nationality in slovenia seems to be slovenian , really ... 
  well at least there does n't seem to be a turbulent priest among them . 
  why did i get the mental image of cartman going `` respect my suvrenitah ! '', 
  then again , sovereignty can be iffy business , it 's like immunity for political honchos , most of those invoking it are sketchy . 
  i must admit i do n't . 
  well , carrying acid on you kind of makes it obvious it was premeditated ... 
  not sure that would be a good idea . 
  so we really want to give tsipras a reason to say `` look , they 're not even taking my calls , obviously they do n't want to * negotiate * , they just want to * force their terms * . '', 
  i 'm not sure it would be a good thing if there were nukes in ukraine right now , and especially not a good thing a year or so ago when yantsenyuk and tymoshenko were in `` raaaar !, 
  kill all russians ! '', 
  mode . 
  in the end you still need the electorate on your side to a significant degree to have any hope of projecting your political power . 
  especially in case of a power vacuum . 
  that too . 
  i think john oliver made the best joke on greece . 
  `` greece , a country of , and in , ruins . '', 
  i mean , if only greeks get on his nerves , he 's a better man than me . 
  * everyone * gets on my nerves . 
  so wait , * are * we afraid of russia , or are we not afraid of russia ? 
  i know i 'm not actually afraid , just really really annoyed . 
  one cup of `` common sense '' . 
  i mean , you have to be beyond insane to order `` hey guys , shoot down that civilian flight for me , will ya ? '', 
  this is true . 
  but the entire mess is actually egg on their face , and they might want to clean it up . 
  that 's actually very much how realpolitik works . 
  you just need to push the right buttons . 
  you know ; victory through compromise - compromise the other guy to win . 
  depends . 
  this might blow your mind , but russians are n't cartoon villains who want to destroy the world . 
  they very much do like to trade to keep their economy going , and are willing to compromise on that . 
  he 's not given the order . 
  so yes , he 's responsible , but he 's no more guilty on this particular case than bush was guilty for the abu ghraib abuses and the like . 
  ... seriously , if putin is `` all that is wrong with this world '' ; the solution is rather simple . 
  but you and me both know that 's not the case ... do n't we . 
  and here i thought we were special :(, 
  that was just overeager autocorrect on the requisition order . 
  i 'm sure what was typed in was `` boomsticks '' . 
  but , well , autocorrect ... 
  really ? 
  you seriously think that isis considers russia to be any different than germany , poland , or usa ? 
  as far as isis is concerned , russia is part of the filthy heathen west . 
  i like the bear . 
  it 's great . 
  well , i 'm sure that 's true . 
  it 'd be a surprise if it was n't , especially seeing as they seem to be trying to move on mariupol ... 
  a finnish and a russian person agreeing on something !, 
  since everyone but slovakia chipped in on this one , you 're talking out of your rear end , methinks . 
  our prime minister and finance minister complained about the same thing . 
  politically , the relations are decent . 
  but there 's a lot of prejudice against people coming from those republics . 
  when it comes to the wars , yeah slovenia is rarely mentioned because we got out of in 10 days , very cleanly . 
  to me it actually looks more like japan than ussr . 
  we mess this up , we 're going to get a lovely `` lost decade '' or two of our own ... 
  at least it 's not a reality show ... wait i should stop giving them ideas . 
  i agree with this marketplace fellow . 
  it has to happen eventually , since the current state of the eu is quite unstable both politically and economically . 
  but there 's a lack of political will to do this . 
  and there will be a lack of political will to do this until some sort of a common `` european '' identity is built among the people . 
  we 're only decent because we 're too busy stabbing each other in the back to cause any kind of international issue  . <, 
  good luck suing it out of them .
