  the problem with `` freedom of speech '' is that people interpret it `` i can say whatever i want without consequence '' . 
  look at it this way , let 's talk `` freedom of movement '' . 
  does that mean `` i can move wherever i want without consequence '' ? 
  it sure does n't . 
  if it did , tackling random strangers for shits and giggles would be fair game . 
  stuck in a groundhog loop ? 
  yeah , 80 and still going . 
  funniest outcome would be charlie suing them for bashing his reputation or something . 
  it 's all pretty cheap and poor quality , though . 
  after the prime minister of slovenia miro cerar arrived to brussels and started to give a press statement , jean-claude juncker sneaked up to him and covered his eyes from behind . 
  cerar first asked `` who is this '' , then they exchanged a friendly greeting . 
  cerar continued on record with `` he did it with feeling , '' and `` as you can see , we have friendly relations at the top of the eu . '', 
  yeah well , it just seems that the * homo sapiens * territorial struggles tend to be a wee bit more destructive than with any other species :d, 
  well , `` proactive defense '' is one of those things that someone will interpret as `` aggressive action '' if it suits them , that 's the problem . 
  ehhhh , i do n't feel like joining isis just to spite russia , sorry ... 
  `` european values '' ? 
  those are currently facing a rather big test , both on the greek and the mediterranean front . 
  and the current performance is a c - at best . 
  nah , i was just being a smartass , 
  oh , you need proofs ? 
  well you know , if russia supports it , it must be extremism . 
  hitler ate sugar , after all . 
  i did , and i still suspect the only reason you posted it is because it has `` russia '' in the title . 
  who is this guy and why is this relevant ? 
   in theory , tsipras could block all further eu sanctions against russia . 
  however , in reality all other member states would still be free to meet without greece and institute sanctions anyway . 
  that would mean the states acting independently , as in not bound by a eu decision , as such a decision requires a full consensus . 
  and that would mean some would likely decide to reduce sanctions in order to bring more trade into their economy , as well . 
  let 's see how many people confuse `` nuke '' and `` warhead '' again . 
  nope . 
  what little we know about it is bits and pieces . 
  what people seem to be mostly worried about is that it would effectively put business subjects above sovereign law . 
  okay , i 'd laugh if they discovered the recognitions were illegitimate , then immediately recognized them again , legitimately , confusing the entire world * and * their own electorate in the process . 
  but that sounds more like a b-grade movie plot than anything realistic . 
  low purchasing power making the economy stagnate ? 
  well , it takes a genius to figure that out does n't it . 
  even forgetting the international conventions and such . 
  they do n't have the resources . 
  i 'm sure it 's difficult to understand , but `` just turning them away '' takes resources , manpower and equipment , and italy does n't have enough of those to `` just turn them away '' . 
  there 's a lot of sea to cover in the mediterranean . 
  but of course that 's not something your privileged ass is able to consider . 
  `` hey , just do x , right ? 
  obviously they 're * stupid * if they did n't figure out what i just did , right ? '', 
  and yes , i used the dreaded p-word . 
  english is * easy to learn * . 
  that 's what it makes it a good international choice . 
  well , but the specific motivations are there for about 64 minutes , tops , it seems !, 
  if a new account that was made today says it , it must be true !, 
  sure . 
  that 's true . 
  that does n't make them any less detrimental and dangerous to peace in europe , though . 
  why just not go to dubrovnik because it 's a beautiful adriatic city ? 
  why does it have to be `` game of thrones '' ? 
  it 's already a jewel of the adriatic without that commercial stuff . 
  and then everyone will blame italy , because obviously the fact that you have blood on your shirt is the fault of the guy you were hiding behind , but now he has taken so many punches that he collapsed and ca n't act as your meat shield anymore . 
  well gee , did anyone seriously expect them to be silent on the matter ? 
  come on , people , get some common sense . 
  that seems to be so rare these days it 's a goddamn superpower . 
  bevog is real good , but i still prefer guinness , 
  nobody 's pretending that they wo n't suffer . 
  i just do n't like how people seem to make this look easier and more trivial than it is . 
  why are you trying to get in my pants ? 
  i do n't think anyone really knows how much money russia has or does n't have , and where and how they may or may not get more of it . 
  and i 've been hearing about how russia is about to go bankrupt `` any minute now '' for over a year at this point . 
  let me tell you , it 's one fuckin ' long minute !, 
  it * does * sound like a good deal . 
  `` urged to plan ... '' ? 
  i 'll be * very * disappointed if a contingency plan for that scenario does n't already exist . 
  in europe ? 
  guinness , hands down . 
  see , that 's pretty much how it goes , yes . 
  i mean , it 's not reasonable to expect anything different at this point . 
  why would either side stand down , for now at least ? 
  oh , and do n't say `` because they 're in the wrong and want to do the right thing '' honestly , that 's never been a factor in realpolitik . 
  the big players stand down then the projected cost/risk of further escalation outweighs the benefits . 
  no sooner than that . 
  ... well , what else did you expect them to say ? 
  `` hey , cool , bro . 
  just slap those weapons down anywhere you want '' , or something ? 
  the revolution was bloody ( they usually are ) , but i still think it all actually went south when lenin was out of the picture and trotsky exiled . 
  this subreddit looks more and more like slovenian political space , with people trying desperately to keep the past alive and not let the new generations look to the future . 
  sins of the father and all that . 
  we should not forget history . 
  but neither should we be kept hostage by it . 
   i 've read it seems like the southern eu countries are failing to document some individual 's arrival in their country yes , well , that 's true . 
  see , processing those arrivals takes time and resources - * resources neither greece nor italy can afford * . 
  you 're basically blaming the fact that there 's blood on your shirt on the guy you 've been hiding behind , but by now he got stabbed enough times that he 's stumbled . 
  but hey , his fault that your fancy shirt is ruined . 
  just the schengen border . 
  internal ones work differently . 
  `` difficult decisions '' are a bit like `` sacrifices '' . 
  always very easy when it 's not you that 's making them . 
  this impasse is starting to worry me . 
  the game of chicken has been going on for quite a while , and the last pass was a near-collision already . 
  greece already pulled a feat like that , letting a refugee ship go on , as in `` eh , let the italians deal with it '' . 
  how are they supposed to keep them in , though ? 
  the mere processing takes so much time that many manage to slip away before they are in the system , so there 's no way to track them . 
  patience seems to be the only thing in shorter supply than money in greek treasury . 
  everyone seems to be frustrated . 
  would need a new economic system too , though , since when most labor is done by machines , the population needs to have , overall , a different source of income , or be provided with a set standard of living in different ways .
