  of course they did n't actually * win * everything , but they got favorable treatment by the officials across the board , at least from what i 've seen . 
  ... i 'm just going to stick with fiorentina . 
  because i like purple . 
  yeah , the proceedings seem to be unnaturally fast here . 
  but thing is , no one single party in greece actually has the power to alter the result significantly . 
  still , one week seems really short ... almost as if they 're counting on the `` undecided '' population not to attend . 
  maybe he 's a lazio fan , and just wants to kill all those romanistas ? 
  oh , right , so you basically have no idea what my opinion on the matter is , you just wanted to go `` hah !, 
  in ya face ! '', 
  at me . 
  get bent , you impotent and/or frigid asshole . 
  bitcoin ? 
  why the hell would i want to have anything to do with * that * ponzi abomination ? 
  in capitalism , an investment sinks sometimes . 
  why socialize the losses ? 
  then again , the losses have already * been * socialized anyway ... 
  fractional reserve banking . 
  best idea ever , ainnit . 
  say , fractional reserve banking is a great idea , is n't it !, 
  i never thought i 'd see the day when a link to rt would have the majority reaction that 's different than `` lol , rt '' . 
  so , any attendance under 40 % is a failed referendum ? 
  that sounds reasonable , actually . 
  depends on the legislation , you 'd have to ask someone who knows greek referendum laws , i suppose . 
  thanks for the elaboration , much appreciated , 
  yes , yes , let fear course through you ... 
  yes , well , i 'm sure it would be very convenient for the rest of eu if greece would just sign an unconditional surrender and we could focus on other matters at hand , this much is true . 
  buncha selfish pricks , trying to put their individual interests ahead of collective interests , what are they , communists ? 
  disclaimer : you actually always make good and well-reasoned posts , however , the cynic in me has something to say on this . 
  `` most are getting paid '' is almost `` nobody 's stupid enough to voluntarily support that for free '' . 
  and there 's always a lot of people who indeed are that stupid , ignorant , naive , or indifferent . 
  still , i would n't be surprised if it 's as you say , either . 
  `` do you want to stay in the euro , if doing so will require us to accept the latest creditors ' proposal ? '', 
  does n't have to be hypothetical costs/conditions , could be what 's actually on the table . 
  at this point the polls should n't be asking `` yes or no ? 
  '' , but `` at what cost ? 
  '' / `` under which conditions ? '', 
  i think it 's more because nobody would be buying them . 
  i mean buying bonds from someone who 's issuing them specifically because they ca n't repay their debt ... that 's a `` speculative investment '' at best . 
  then again if you make such an investment , and it sinks , you 're not free of blame ... 
  potemkin villages , digital verson ? 
  yes , and there are many people who think we should sink `` as much money as it takes '' into it , regardless of whether they can actually pay it back or not , because russia . 
  exactly !, 
  and on tuesday you would n't have been able to say what you said !, 
  i 'd love to have seen that response had this been posted on , say , tuesday ... 
  hey , if a waiter at a restaurant told me `` i no longer piss in your soup '' , i 'd still swear off that restaurant . 
  you can break your economy if you want , but anyone else 's economy is n't yours to break . 
  well that 'd kind of nuke over two decades of european integration . 
  also , who 's going to cover the expenses of countries reverting to individual national currencies ? 
  to say nothing about the fact that two dozen new currencies popping up would make a whole lot of trouble for european trade . 
  and if we peg all those currencies to each other , why did we abolish the euro in the first place ? 
  got ta admit , merkel being drawn as a pretty literal sauerkraut made me giggle . 
  oh , if greece got itself invaded by russia , suddenly no expense would be too high to keep it out of russian sphere of influence , and the eu would be perfectly willing to sink * all the money ^ tm * into greece . 
  thing is , tsipras ca n't ask putin to send some soldiers over , because that way it is n't an invasion . 
  it 's already been answered . 
  it would be an act of war . 
  casus belli or no casus belli , we do n't want that in europe again . 
  yes , let 's actually see how it turns out , instead of assuming they 'll crawl , begging , back to us . 
  beer !, 
  ( we can argue on `` necessary '' , but i ca n't imagine life without it ), 
  yep , such a reform would be very unpopular , but necessary . 
  am i the only one getting some deja vu feelings on the phrase `` unpopular , but necessary '' ... ? 
  there was n't any political will for this even before this entire clusterfuck started . 
  it 's more a `` muh sovereignty '' thing . 
  and greece is n't being accommodated as much as it 's a symptom of a problem nobody acknowledged , and nobody knows how to solve ( while still having a chance to get re-elected back home ) . 
  i was more getting at `` what 's left to demolish , anyway ? '', 
  greece 's credit rating is already beyond salvation for the foreseeable future , and so is its international reputation . 
  i 'm just saying that i hope what we learn from this fiasco is that a common currency without a fiscal union is going to eventually lead to ... well , * this * . 
  wait , i 'm sorry , but greece was in freefall before syriza even existed . 
  well , as long as the french and german banks have been saved , and the burden of those failed investments has been shifted onto the european taxpayer it 's all good , no ? 
  greece should have been left to default years ago , but there was n't much political interest for such a thing then . 
  yes , it should . 
  they should be working on stuff like fiscal and tax union in order to consolidate/stabilize the eurozone . 
  people need to learn that sovereign debt does not work like enterprise debt or household debt . 
  you ca n't send a bunch of folks to repossess the assets . 
  at least not without a war declaration . 
  it would effectively be forgery , the particular currency would be declared null and void , and they 'd be right back where they started , plus some more charges . 
  because it 's the ecb that regulates the euro currency , and the national central banks ca n't make one-sided decisions like that . 
  if greece reverts to the drachma , they * could * print money . 
  right now , they ca n't . 
  and `` printing money '' is n't as simple as `` running some paper through the printer '' . 
  there 's all kinds of safeguards in place , from forgery protection to serial numbers . 
  if it was as simple as `` just printing it '' , i could do it . 
  you could do it . 
  that 's the problem . 
  nobody really knows . 
  of course it should . 
  so should covert intelligence operations in russia . 
  hey one time when i played brandenburg , bornholm was denmark . 
  sweden and i ate the rest of it . 
  please , i said this weeks ago . 
  welfare is , by definition , `` someone else 's money '' . 
  so could a yet undiscovered asteroid on a collision trajectory . 
  bloody hell , daily mail ... 
  i suppose my point is that we 're arguing semantics while it 's not abnormal for any army to have drills like that , this is just getting more media exposure because of the current ongoing stuff . 
  on a geopolitical scale , invasion of ( insert baltic country here ) is `` local '' . 
  and just to be clear , i 'm not supporting such actions . 
  i do n't even expect them , because that 'd mean a complete clusterfuck nobody wants . 
  i hope . 
  strategically , `` defense '' often means aggressive actions locally . 
  imagine you 're a defender in a football game , and the opposite attacker is rushing your goal .
