  in fact , if you got a moment , it 's a twelve-storey crisis with a magnificent entrance hall , carpeting throughout , 24-hour portage , and an enormous sign on the roof , saying ` this is a large crisis ' . '', 
  be all like `` oh , good . 
  we 're not in the middle of it this time '' . 
  if it comes to an economic war between us and china , eu should try to profit from it . 
  nato is a military alliance . 
  sure it does . 
  in moderation . 
  there has to be some foreign cultural influence for me to even hear about new stuff to try that my own culture has n't necessarily come up with . 
  see my reply below . 
  are you implying i do n't know how to cook ? 
   i 'm no master of cuisine , tho , so what i make is always inevitably not as good as someone-who-has-decades-of-experience-making-it makes it . 
  but please , try negging me some more , maybe you 'll crush my self-esteem and i will start to desire your approval ... 
  there 's a strong sentiment against people from the other ex-yu republics here , and there are plenty of those . 
  many slovene people feel threatened by them , as if our cultural and national identity is threatened . 
  i do n't . 
  also if i lived in london or malm\u00f6 , i 'd likely end up feeling threatened if i could n't walk down the street without being branded scum just for living and working there . 
  and before you say anything , no , i do n't think people like this finnish guy would bother to ask me if and where i work before starting to rave at me for being an immigrant . 
  speaking only for myself , but i do n't feel my identity is threatened , at all . 
  multiculturalism in moderation is n't bad . 
  i sure do like myself some mexican and chinese cuisine , and i could n't have that without multiculturalism . 
  resurrected ? 
  i do n't think it ever truly died in the first place , it was just locked in the pantry for a while . 
  but with the tensions having escalated , it was let back out . 
  i love this . 
  allow me to use a graphic representation that is close : http://i.imgur.com/r1atrqs.png, 
  yeah , but we do n't make doctors who smoke quit their profession . 
  then again , i 'm actually with you on this one . 
  not necessarily because `` hypocrisy '' , but if he 's a regular coke-doer , i would n't trust him in politics . 
  i do n't want people who do hard drugs , or have a drinking problem , or a gambling problem , etc. , in politics . 
  that 's also what i envy about france . 
  ahhhh , til . 
  pretty much this . 
  a mercenary is a mercenary , in it for the money . 
  well . 
  an hour drive , and a three hour hike , more likely , 
  if i were to take a guess , hoping that the referendum is going to make the creditors panic and agree to any kind of a deal greece puts on the table . 
   he 's been so conducive to co-operation between nations in europe over the past few months that 's true , everyone seemed to cooperate out of sheer dislike for the guy . 
  damn those east germanic tribes !, 
  on a more serious note , hope they catch 'em . 
  wrecking up shit is just poor form unless you own what you 're wrecking up , and even then it 's creepy . 
  too many tracks of thought at once , cut a guy some slack , will ya . 
  well , virtual hats are a very prestigious and sought commodity , especially the rarer ones !, 
  they 're not something you could make lunch with tho , admittedly . 
  syriza was n't even formed before that election campaign . 
  they kind of banded together from all sides , mostly cooperated on mutual hatred , and now that their campaign has crashed and burned , they 're fracturing . 
  so yeah , i 'm not surprised they have such internal factions . 
  but you know , i always joked that all greece needs to do to solve its predicament is get itself invaded by russia , anyway . 
  in that case , the eu would be perfectly willing to sink * all the money ( tm ) * into greece to keep it out of russia 's skirt . 
  and boy , do i wish that this remains just a silly joke on my part !, 
  well , while it 's crazy , i would still say it 's not quite crazy enough to work , yes . 
  checklist to not be a beheaded british monarhch : 1 ) do not be named `` charles . '', 
  it 's all a matter of princip ( le ) . 
  the fact that there was a `` plan b '' should not come as a surprise . 
  i mean , you do n't put all your eggs in one basket , if you do , you might as well use an exploding basket . 
  `` terrified after he got identified '' ... ? 
  what is he , stupid ? 
  or did he just think the western intelligence analysts are stupid ? 
  a much better comparison , yes . 
  freedom of association , and everything . 
  it would be an interesting development , to say the least . 
  but habsburgs are legally banned from taking the throne again , are n't they ? 
  i ca n't even begin to comprehend the logic of such an individual . 
  just ... why ? 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  it sounds just like so much of a hassle . 
  i 'm more talking about how zurfer tends to be quite critical of putin regime . 
  but he committed the cardinal sin of disagreeing with you , so that makes him literally worse than hitler i guess . 
  you have n't been here long , have you . 
  you 're asking the wrong people . 
  you 'd have more luck if you addressed your inquiry to the prime ministers of euro-states . 
  do n't forget to mention many of your friends agree !, 
  how about you read what you wrote once again , look at the map of europe and try to figure out why , in your efforts to `` win '' this , you 've disregarded quite a lot of immediate facts that would come into play there , and started grasping at straws . 
  but hey , i 'm going to punch myself in the face if that 's going to make you feel better about yourself . 
  i 'll get back to you once i hear about japan having to deal with an influx of immigrants they ca n't or do n't want to manage . 
  i 'm also wondering how this entire `` usa as a melting pot of cultures '' thing is going over these days ; i remember a decade ago it was a huge thing and one of the things presented as `` what makes usa so great '' . 
  has that changed ? 
  seems we 've done something right then , since people from all over the world seem to be thinking that here is a better place to live . 
  because the ottoman empire no longer exists . 
  russia is far from a peaceful state as it is , and turkey simply is n't one of the powers who could throw their weight around anymore . 
  you can keep trying to beat me up now . 
  because that 's what it 's about to you . 
  asserting dominance . 
  irrelevant diversion . 
  you want to show how germany and france with tariffs and limitations of workforce would be doing at least just as well as ( or better than ) germany and france without them are . 
  because that 's what my claim is . 
  that europe is better off without those which contributes to cooperation and lowering tensions . 
  you want to show that 's not true , so show me how lack of such european policies would be no better than the current situation . 
  or , alternatively , you can how how being better off does n't contribute to lower tensions between member states . 
  and finally , think for a second what you want to accomplish here , and keep in mind i do n't care about appearances on reddit . 
  well , of course he is . 
  that should n't be a surprise . 
  plenty , and yes . 
  unless you think that internal tariffs and limitations on movement of the workforce would be better for the member states ' economies and cooperation , i guess . 
  and when it comes to polishing e-peens i charge by the hour , 
  heh , maybe , kinda . 
  after all , everyone wants to have the benefits without the obligations , and that 's true for political entities too . 
  so , basically you asked me to prove the relationship between the eu and peace in europe is * not * the result of coincidental timing . 
  that 's a negative . 
  it 's more of a development than a goal , in my opinion . 
  as technology advances and information exchange and travel get faster and faster , globalization is more a natural consequence of those advances , rather than a goal .
