  oh , is safe , comrade . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  can take it to berlin with you , if want . 
  as souvenir . 
  wo n't accidentally wipe out city , no no . 
  yeah , it really is . 
  this is like declaring a game released on january 29th to be goty , hands down . 
  but well , i am sure the difference between prague and not-prague , when it comes to prices , is pretty significant ? 
  ah well , i always figured `` life '' is a matter of things experienced , not time being alive . 
  that kind of makes boredom an ultimate adversary . 
  not that i 'd mind getting a couple extra centuries to my name - but only if * everyone else * does too , cause then we 'll have to start thinking long-term as a species . 
  but the real one has already exploded !, 
  two decades is a lot of time to get bored in , 
  i always have to ponder , tho ... why is n't estonia seeing more immigration ? 
  no , only talinn can . 
  tracking people via fingerprints is so last century . 
  it 's not even `` people we like '' , it 's more like `` people who are ore useful to our strategic interests '' . 
  realpolitik and all . 
  this is politics as usual . 
  seriously , people are too idealistic these days . 
  do n't know for sure , they seem to be acting friendly , but on the other hand , both are trying to grab the role of `` superior partner '' when it comes to their mutual projects . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm just saying that they wo n't change their actions solely because we want them to any more than we will change ours solely because they want us to . 
  and currently , we 're in conflict of strategic interests . 
  until that 's resolved , tighter cooperation is n't possible , in my opinion . 
  well , thing is , we 're still geographically next to each other , and there 's no way russia would become as isolated as north korea is . 
  well , i think `` expecting the other guy to do x just because it would suit me '' is something all world leaders are guilty off . 
  but , i 'd say the europe-russia relationship is one that ca n't really go beyond `` grudging coexistance '' at this point . 
  it already * is * a huge issue , but i guess it had to spread to germany , france and uk for it to get noticed , hm ? 
  currently it seems ukraine does n't have much of a future , to be honest . 
  the kiev government is ineffective , russia 's messing with it , and it 's going to take some time , at least a couple of stable election cycles , before the country can pick itself up again . 
  myeah now that i think back it was n't specifically stated where he was from at all . 
  then again , to the intended audience of gta , croatia and serbia are likely the same thing , too . 
  it would be funny if it was n't so sad . 
  when i travel to other former republics , i do n't have problems with people , and they do n't have problems with me . 
  well , unless i count `` not letting me leave until i have another drink '' as a problem . 
  heard `` sedi i uzmi jo\u0161 jedno pivo '' so many times :d, 
  do n't let orban hear it , he 'll want to build more fences . 
  who was croatian , as far as i know ? 
  `` music '' corps . 
  they 're in fact kebab removal corps that use accordions as their tools of the trade . 
  well , mariupol was a strategic interest of both sides for a while , i just hope the fighting is ended soon . 
  well , how about i just stop in bayern ? 
  that 's not really germany , is it ? 
  that 's why we need to work on lifetime extension !, 
  once people start living to half a millennium , they 'll have to start acting as if they 'll still be here in 350 years . 
  yeah i 'd be willing to bet money this is the result of erdogan 's shenanigans . 
  indeed ... and i doubt an antarctica arrangement ( largely unclaimed ) is possible in the arctic ocean . 
  well , along with canada , denmark , norway and usa ... as far as i know norway has already made a claim , russia followed , canada and denmark are trying to get in there too . 
  the melting of arctic ice means a new strategic game in the region , and also the possibility of new trade/shipping routes , and everyone wants a slice of that . 
  well , unless you have the sword of a thousand truths , i suppose . 
  that solution is simple . 
  but it might not be easy . 
  because you 'd need to weed out other corrupt folks who are waiting for the chance to just continue what 's going on with russia ... except that well , with themselves pulling the strings . 
  i think that once the agreement is made public , and before it 's voted on , we will need to read it very carefully and get politically active . 
  ah , a man can dream ... 
  oh , i like you  you made me giggle . 
  i always like to joke that `` social darwinists '' seem to think evolution works like it does in pokemon , and not like it works in reality . 
  eh , guardian ... 
  listen , i very much agree that privatising water is shady and unacceptable , but that 's not a nationalist issue . 
  rule of thumb , if a media outlet has `` today '' in the name , i get suspicious . 
  not sure he has enough political capital to spend for such a thing , he 's already facing plenty of flak at home becuase of the iran deal . 
  `` the economy , fools ! '', 
  -1 stability . 
  to say nothing of the accents !, 
  albania safer than slovenia ? 
  what is this foul sorcery ? 
  oh , i agree . 
  i was speaking only hypothetically , if i could pick and choose . 
  but i 'm pretty sure they wo n't be rushing in , no . 
  putting all considerations aside , i 'd very much like to see norway and iceland join and eventually switzerland too . 
  of course , that 's up to them . 
  when it comes to the southeastern europe , tho ... currently , not sure . 
  they all have a lot of work to do . 
  and turkey is , in my opinion a no-no as long as it stays erdoganistan . 
  why would russia want that , considering what happened last time ... 
  ha ... i work on holidays , too . 
  france ? 
  even the application never changes . 
  it 's either `` for the children '' or `` against those bad guys who want to destroy us '' . 
  or so we 're told . 
  in any case , it 's for our own good , they tell us . 
  oh hey , the `` wo n't somebody think of the children ! '', 
  card . 
  i never get tired of that one . 
  wait , so now we have `` brussels trolls '' here , too ? 
  of course we would . 
  good luck trying to explain that to anyone who does n't really care to research it , though . 
  i mean , you ca n't really blame people , everyone has their own lot in life to deal with , but i do wish they 'd be a bit more informed on the issues . 
  the eu as it is now is n't going to be able to last . 
  it lacks structural integrity . 
  it 's a matter of political will , and that seems to be lacking lately . 
  public opinion is easily swayed just by phrasing questions differently , or focusing on particular issues . 
  example : everyone hates taxes , so talking about financial integration is going to go rather bad if you focus on transfers ... but on the other hand , if you 're a business who wants to , eh , do business , across the eu , is n't it that much easier and less expensive to have to only adhere to one common legislation in regard to taxes and permits rather than twenty-something different ones ? 
  makes access to new markets more lucrative . 
  it 's almost as if people boost the economy when they have disposable income , how about that !, 
  you got three guesses , and the first two do n't count . 
  based on what differences ? 
  i mean , what reasons would make countries pick whichever side ? 
  or did you just go for a north/south division , that makes little sense in europe ( seeing as it 's more of a east/west division on this continent ),
