  oh also , the croatian arbiter , after resigning , went public , on tv with that the decision was going to be . 
  but apparently abraham is not good enough , either . 
  this is just the usual business with slovenia-croatia relations , every time something like this will happen . 
  if it 's not sanader and jan\u0161a setting up incidents , it 's something like this . 
  the show must go on . 
  well , in soviet russia , humor gets you !, 
  `` bombs '' ? 
  why yes , we still got plenty of unexploded ww1 ordnance scattered around the old ww1 front line ... one or two big ones per year are still found . 
  well , baltic fish * are * unsafe , like an estonian fellow explained up there ... the baltic sea is n't the cleanest one , and there 's plenty of toxins in fish caught from it . 
  and yet , germany manages to stay together , somehow . 
  ah yes , the good ol' `` if you do n't think the same way i do , you 're stupid ! '', 
  argument . 
  i see no practical difference between that and living off the transfers from the richer administrative regions within your country , or to put it simply , `` living off the taxes of the richer folks '' . 
  besides , if you 're , say , on benefits , you 're returning the money back into the economy immediately , creating revenue for businesses . 
  the transfer money does n't just disappear into a black hole , it circulates . 
  i mean , it 's beneficial for everyone that there 's enough consumer buying power to go around , that means people will buy more stuff an in turn make more revenue for business . 
  and people labeling you a `` lazy leech '' just because you happened to have been born in the `` wrong '' place are cunts . 
  john oliver did it first !, 
  well , i ca n't say i 'm surprised , but it 's still useful for those `` back of the envelope calculations and notes '' . 
  possiby , yeah . 
  i 'm just saying that in the summer , the main border crossings with croatia get * really * congested . 
  oh , just give it to sweden , or something . 
  what can i say , i want eu to succeed , for the purpose of a stable europe . 
  maybe it needs to take some time for historical animosity to go away , too . 
  after all , european nations are very fierce and were more often at war with each other than not . 
  okay not the same ones every time , but there 's been a lot more war time than peace time on the continent . 
   i think it 's far harder to claim the same relationship with the eu as an entity . 
  this is true , that 's why such a thing ca n't reasonably happen as of right now . 
  but i 'm hopping for a development of a `` european '' identity over the next decade or two , and further integration . 
  have you ever tried to cross a border between slovenia and croatia in summer ? 
  as i always say when this comes up , do londoners feel cheated that their taxes are transferred to the british regions that are less developed ? 
  or maybe there was a typo on the list , and it said `` rulers of engagement '' , so they tried to measure stuff with them instead of following them . 
  well , i suppose it 's the same with slovenia being `` traitors '' since we were the first to declare independence ( one whole day ahead of croatia ! ), 
  yeah , i know . 
  pipe dreams and all , but hopefully it will happen before the entire project falls apart , because the current state is some sort of an unstable limbo . 
  it is . 
  english is pretty flexible when it comes to smashing sentences together . 
  but then there 's a lot of room for confusion . 
  like , is a `` demon hunter '' a hunter who hunts demons , or is it a demon who happens to be a hunter ? 
  alternatively , i hope that 's when a fiscal and tax union happens instead , so there 's transfers and common euro bonds . 
  ... well , that should n't be a problem then . 
  plenty of wankers in the world to speak up about it !, 
  `` ti '' means `` you '' here around southern slavic parts :d, 
  well , congrats !, 
  seems your bigwigs have more accountability than ours , if it was in slovenia , he 'd just cling to the position and claim it 's a media-assassination . 
  oh come on guys , * we * are constantly in disputes with croatia too !, 
  enemy of my enemy , right ? 
  i kid , of course . 
  i 'd very much like for us all to get along instead of bickering . 
  just in case ottomans decide to invade again . 
  yeah , seems that way to me too . 
  and yes , an investigation ca n't hurt . 
  that is , unless there indeed was foul play . 
  hey , we love us some mujo and haso jokes . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i approve . 
  fired ? 
  well , hopefully out of a cannon . 
  this is just dickery . 
  `` oh hey , i need a breaking story , how about i set up a shootout ? '', 
  as if the place is n't tense enough as it is . 
  no , just getting called names , which is annoying  that 's why i 'm only `` a bit annoyed '' , and not `` actually angry '' . 
   big corporation are n't `` evil '' , they see you as a customer and want to offer you the best service possible so that you do n't go away . 
  then maybe they should treat me as a customer , not a cash bag ? 
  `` best service possible '' in my case means `` you 're there * when i need you * - not * all the freakin ' time * '' . 
  if microsoft was a plumber , i would n't let that plumber crash on my couch every night to be immediately available just in case a faucet starts leaking . 
  a lot could have gone wrong with rosetta and new horizons , and we did n't really get three reports per week going `` yep , that space probe is still en route to its destination '' . 
  and i do n't think we get a news headline every time the warlords in africa do something . 
  yeah , maybe i 'm overdoing it , maybe i 'm not . 
  maybe i 'm just a bit annoyed that nuanced opinions apparently are n't allowed around here . 
  had russia decided * not * to veto it , that 'd be newsworthy , because it 'd be a new , unexpected development . 
  as it is now , the only response i have is `` well , duh . '', 
  it 's pretty damn clear that russian hardware shot the plane down and it 's an open and closed case . 
  a `` confession '' is n't really needed , and russia knows that . 
  they 're just fucking with everyone , like they usually do . 
  because it has competitors who would eat away its market share otherwise , or so they likely say . 
  doubt they 'd advertise if they were literally the only possible supplier . 
  monopolies do n't have to advertise , you take it or leave it , you ca n't go to the competitor . 
  see , if unsc was reddit , russia would be a troll . 
  one of those guys who stir up shit , and when you try to appeal to their integrity , you fail , because they simply do n't care what you think of them or how they look , so your appeal falls flat . 
  edit : typos corrected . 
  alternative ? 
  this is n't about alternatives . 
  they obviously do n't want an independent international body to investigate , and they have the power to stop such a thing from happening . 
  so they used their power to stop it . 
  they did n't veto it because they have an `` alternative '' . 
  they vetoed it because they want to keep a lid on it . 
  and again , if you did n't expect this to happen , i must say your opinion of russia is way too optimistic . 
  not russian , nor being particularly supportive of russia . 
  i just hate it when foregone conclusions are being banged up as `` big news '' . 
  it 's as if the times first page headline was * `` england beats san marino 5-0 in qualifiers !, 
  '' * why 's it a news headline ? 
  everyone knew san marino was getting trashed !, 
  it would have been news if they managed to draw . 
  so , what would ukraine do with those nukes , then ? 
  threaten to nuke its own territory ? 
  because nuking moscow would be a rather bad move , and would likely result in the immediate withdrawal of support from the west . 
  actually , you can say the same about * every politician ( head of state ) . 
  ever . 
   with nukes ukraine would quickly swept out `` green men '' and russia would n't dare to use proper invasion out out of nuclear strike retaliation how ?
