  ... oh who am i kidding . 
  i mean it 's an iffy situation . 
  on the one hand , i am quite in favor of cracking down on bigotry and hate speech . 
  on the other hand , so many people are just looking for a reason to get offended and start screaming at the world . 
  that 's why i 'm a basement-dwelling hermit who lives on moss and uses data-carrying hamsters to feed the internet tubes with data . 
  no , but i 'd like to be :(, 
  did n't use hydrogen as fuel . 
  it used it for buoyancy , and had diesel engines . 
  so there had to be a lot of volatile , gaseous hydrogen all over the place in order to * keep the thing in the air * , but it was n't actually there to move it around . 
  which is something completely different from liquid hydrogen fuel tanks . 
  `` only '' 6 hours ? 
  i suppose it 's a matter of perspective , but i prefer a full 8 hour shift with my boss yelling at me every five minutes over `` only '' 6 hours on a plane ^ ^, 
  i believe the term for that is `` ludicrous speed '' . 
  that 's because they 're better trained . 
  and maybe literally , at that . 
  they 're horribly uncomfortable to wear in summer , at least . 
  crafty . 
  and likely one of those things that upset the others not only because they 're disruptive , but also because `` bloody hell , why did n't * we * think of that ? '', 
  and here !, 
  hey , we 're buying , romania should capitalize on that !, 
  sorry , if you wan na fish for easy karma , you still need to put in * some * effort . 
  the low-hanging fruit has been thoroughly picked by now . 
  yes . 
  much has happened since that video . 
  would n't be the first time . 
  it also wo n't be the last . 
  with russia , that 's a bit of a cycle , somehow . 
  that 's not the eu . 
  that 's nato . 
  well , if only they liked * correct * maps ... 
  exactly . 
  because we tend to look after our short-term interests and forget the long term . 
  we often behave like people who think you can make tons of cash fast on the stock market and do n't realize that the initial investment is n't going to make an immediate return ( and the ones who do , often go `` well , fuck it then '' ) i really do hope we can somehow with the help of technology extend our lifespans into a couple hundred years . 
  because that 's going to mean we 'll have to start thinking like `` holy fuck , i 'll still be around in 350 years , so i better think far ahead enough to make sure this place is n't going to be a dump by then . '', 
  i think he meant `` properly '' in the eu . 
   i 'd rather see the european countries break apart inside the eu . . 
  but then we 'd again need an emperor and electors and all that stuff . 
  on a more serious note , which countries would you like to see breaking into which parts ? 
   the only northern country with a jobless rate above 10 percent is slovakia strange example to pick when talking about the `` rich north '' , james !, 
  seems it 's not only over here that stuff like this happens . 
  tho at least in poland it 's a history institute , over here the issue only comes up when there 's political points to be won . 
  so maybe cameron was recruited for the kgb !, 
  excuse me while i find my tinfoil hat . 
  well , that 's great ... if you 're going to prague . 
  and of course private companies will set up shop in the most lucrative regions and maybe offer a better service there . 
  but who 's going to take care of the periphery where infrastructure often costs more than the returns it makes ? 
  you ca n't force a private company to set up in a region where they will operate at a loss , but the state will have to take care of it ... at a loss . 
  and we all hate paying taxes . 
  so hey , if you 're in the capital city ( or another large urban region ) , sure , the private companies have you covered . 
  if not ... 
  nationalise ? 
  what are they , * dirty commies ? 
  * * ahem * actually , i 'm in agreement . 
  both are essential services in today 's economy , and infrastructure , in my opinion , should be under state oversight - i mean , the state can still contract a private company to do maintenance and stuff , of course . 
  it will have to , eventually . 
  well , assuming we do n't want the euro to go down the shitter and then get stuck with recovering from a currency shift individually . 
  my thoughts exactly , yeah ... 
  even if yes , i 'd be willing to bet real money stuff like that might take more than a few days , not necessarily because of the software part , but because of the organization . 
  `` former yugoslav republic of macedonia '' should be changed to `` macedonia , because fuck you greece '' , really . 
  i 've always considered that a dick move on greece 's side . 
  then again , with what greece is dealing with now , maybe they ca n't project the clout they used to be able to about it , and maybe they 'd be willing to offer some concessions ... 
  myeah , but those get messy ... 
  guess there needs to be some small remodeling courtesy of vesuvius sometime ? 
  well , the least good-looking place i was a lot in i 'd say is jesenice - industrial , blocky , and not all that beautiful . 
  but since it 's also the home of my favorite hockey team , i ca n't say it 's a bad place ( go steelers ! ), 
  so my least favorite city in my european travels so far , i 'd say venice . 
  and again , it 's not `` bad '' ... but it 's cramped , not the cleanest place , and all . 
  til ; thanks !, 
  should n't it be `` fecking '' kite ? 
  love the comic , btw . 
  they existed before , but the government in kiev could n't deal with putin 's meddling effectively , so it was kind of forced to enlist these guys . 
  which are now becoming a problem . 
  what ukraine needs ( aside from russia to stop meddling ) is a stable , competent and non-corrupt government . 
  i 'd argue the first step to integrating is to accept that when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  getting a job is a close second tho ( unless you 're filthy rich , which refugees do n't tend to be ) . 
  meh , we should annex ourselves back to the habsburgs one day instead . 
  and have that old kind of empire ; `` marry everything with a pulse , inherit the country later '' . 
  ( and yes , i know austria ca n't just become a monarchy again ... i 'm only half-serious ), 
  caring about a lion you never even heard of before he was killed is `` safer '' for public image . 
  that 's not to say the guy who shot cecil does n't deserve a sharp , kicky boot having an appointment with his hindquarters , of course . 
  he 's a dick . 
  it 's complicated . 
  this coutry has potential . 
  but it also has a strong and destructive political party/cult of personality that will actively disrupt the government , basically , since time immemorial their modus operandi has been `` bog the government down in procedure and red tape , then accuse it of being lazy and incompetent '' . 
  `` n/a '' ? 
  well , guess we 're safe !, 
  polan can not into commonwealth anymore :(, 
  just do it !, 
  ljubljana 's pretty damn high for some reason ... weird . 
  the similarity is that a president and a prime minister are both the country 's executive chiefs in their respective systems . 
  well ... like obama , she is the executive chief of the country . 
  well , he needs the support of the russian orthodox church , among other things , so he needs to appease the patriarch . 
  okay , this is actually kind of funny . 
  myeah , and italy was messing with us before we could join , and croatia will mess with bosnia/serbia before they can ( at some indeterminate time in the future ) join . 
  as for your opinion about travel and such , it 's usually like this here : people roll their eyes furiously at croatia in indignation , but then they go vacation there anyway . 
  ca n't blame em , adriatic coast is pretty . 
  i do n't go there because i prefer more northern and less hot destinations :d, 
  oh dear , that republican tradition is going to suffer . 
  the croatian judge went on record in public ( on tv ) that the decision was going to be in favor of slovenia . 
  the funniest fact in this saga is that slovenia now appointed ronny abraham as replacement for sekolec - and abraham is the head of icj in hague , which happens to be the court that croatia wanted to be resolving this issue in the first place ( since croatia was against the arbitration in its current form ) .
