  but what if you put two mirrors facing each other creating an infinite series of reflection then call his name three times while standing between them ? 
  watch out , we have an undercover canadian over here !, 
  `` crimea annexation day '' would be my guess . 
  usually bbc , reuters , our local ones ( rtv slo , siol , 24ur ) , spiegel and occasionally faz and apa ( austrian press agency ) , and if the subject is controversial i also check rt to compare narratives . 
  when it comes to objectivity and matter-of-factness , bbc seems to be the best . 
  most likely , or maybe they 're just practicing formations for `` crimea annexation day '' . 
  had a coup really happened , we 'd have all the major news outlets go into `` breaking news '' mode ... and break the internet . 
  did you just compare rt with fox and illarionov with rush limbaugh ? 
  i did not know that . 
  noted . 
  not really a complaint , more like an observation . 
  i do n't expect many people to sign up because of a link on reddit , so the entire article will remain largely unread . 
  fear the greeks bearing gifts . 
  nope , you 're not the only one . 
  but it does seem like short-sightedness is in abundant supply . 
  i had to stop at `` booty theories '' and imagine putin running off to bahamas with some `` phat lewt '' . 
  the kind of person who can remove putin from office by force likely is n't going to shy away from using force , and likely likes to use it , a lot of it . 
  with full executive power at such a person 's disposal , they 'll have * a lot * of force to use . 
  and likely they wo n't be projecting it inwards . 
  myeah , yeltsin was that kind of `` someone '' . 
  the russians were pretty peeved at him for that . 
  that partly contributed to putin 's rise to power . 
  which strong conservative power would be a contender ? 
  assuming there is such a power that can seize the presidency without a faction war , that is . 
  ah , but once i take over the world , all that will change . 
  more seriously , thought , i 'd say vienna because of its location and history . 
  it 's a place `` right in the middle of it '' ; basically , at the point where many different european cultures meet . 
  hopefully not . 
  as bad as he may be , a `` succession crisis '' in russia would only make the matters worse . 
  it 's not a good environment for the moderate and liberal people to have any chance to grab the presidency . 
  exactly . 
  i 'd say it 's likely got something to do with that . 
  and honestly , i 'd rather not have a coup happen over there since , well ... i doubt whoever would pull something like that would be the liberal , human-rights type . 
  i 'm only going to answer the first question , but i personally think that vienna would be most suited to be the capital of a single state of europe . 
  a good thing that at least our european mps are n't driven by emotions when passing this stuff . 
  the narrative that 's been forced into the mainstream media seems to be `` no putin , no problem . '', 
  i consider that horribly short-sighted . 
  germany 's alright , really . 
  but i do prefer irish beer . 
  well , i suppose over here we are n't desensitized to being bombarded by ads on every corner . 
  though , paywall on the article ... 
  i prefer to read all `` news sources '' ( as in , press agencies and companies ) , and then form my own opinion . 
  i do not count blogs and pundit sites under `` news sources '' . 
  honestly , i think it 's serving as a smokescreen to an extent to divert attention away from luxleaks . 
  and as we know , not paying your dues is only a * very bad thing ( tm ) * if you 're poor . 
  you want a potential civil war in a country that has nukes ? 
  nemtsov was not a strong candidate who could take over . 
  his support was apparently around 1 % at best . 
  some of the oligarchs would be a lot more powerful contenders . 
  yup , the coalition is getting rather big . 
  i mean , even the traditionally neutral nordics are not so neutral anymore . 
  the fsb extended collegium meeting was scheduled two weeks in advance , i do n't think it 's related , unless they planned some sort of a cover up that far ahead . 
  which i would n't put past them . 
  that 's one of the rumors . 
  the other being that his girlfriend had a kid . 
  and there 's always the one ... i 'm not saying it 's aliens , but ... 
  well , it can , is n't it like -2 per vassal annexed , for a decade and a half ? 
  i mean they change it with every patch  . <, 
  that 's bad news if it gets confirmed , indeed . 
  well , i 'm sure having an alcoholic president who would sign and agree to anything as long as you got him drunk enough was a sign of a more healthy society . 
  i still think yeltsin 's presidency was a big contributing factor to what russia is today ... the russians saw the guy `` selling them out '' , and turned to a more autocratic leader again , one that wo n't bend to foreign pressure just because the foreigners brought a lot of vodka with them . 
  once putin 's gone , i am not sure where the pendulum will swing , though ... as i said , could go either way ... 
  well i mean like . 
  `` hey , lot at that , what 's austria doing ? 
  no way would they do that on their own , germany 's probably behind that , and up to something ... '', 
  even if it 's bizarre , i do n't blame her for trying . 
  yeah . 
  austria responding so harshly to the assassination ( since they had the support of germany ) , immediately tipped off the french and the russians that germany was up to something and they started to mobilize . 
  ... what ? 
  so now he 's not dead , now he 's got a kid ? 
  fooking hell , could you croats and serbs stop this stuff ? 
  eh , that ww1 was more complicated . 
  i mean , germany wanted to punch france and russia either way ... 
  well obviously it was n't about extremism , but about copyright . 
  i mean , stealing putin 's intellectual property like that !, 
  right now ? 
  factions ( some more hardline than putin himself ; some more liberal ) fighting to fill the power vacuum that putin leaves behind , civil unrest , internal fighting . 
  in a few years ? 
  the hell if i know , it could go either way ; with either the liberals or the hardliners seizing power . 
  that is if we do n't have someone crazy ( think slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 of russia ) get to the button beforehand ... 
  what do you mean `` make them vanish '' ? 
  that 's such a cruel statement , we * all * know that the news of the most unfortunate surfing accident involving a grizzly bear and a swarm of jellyfish in the middle of siberia is a hard one for the next of kin to swallow . 
  have some sympathy for the messenger !, 
  weekend at the kremlin , with bernie ? 
  `` grexident '' ? 
  this is going to become my favorite eu-political word . 
  well , russians do n't like the is any more than we do . 
  so if they 're willing to whack them a little as well , i say we let them send their soldiers and equipment in as well , if only so that we can save some of ours . 
  it wo n't go out of print , information wants to be free . 
  i mean in ww2 we had a whole radio station under axis occupation and they never could find and destroy it . 
  it only stopped when italians ordered * all * radio antennas in the region to be removed . 
  it 's going to get forced underground by the government , though , looks like . 
  i do n't think they 'll be silenced , though . 
  i 'd bet on tymoshenko , not poroshenko on this one . 
  i do n't know ; i was just trying to extrapolate from paul3i 's comment . 
  been long ago , lots of stuff happened in life , so i forgot the order of events . 
  well , i 've often called russia a `` political world champion in not giving a fuck '' . 
  i agree it 's rather funny , but like that 's gon na stop them ... as for suspicion , i think it 's a mutual thing . 
  but luckily enough we do n't have a reason to try and run a media scare over it ; we just have our own services handle espionage quietly and cleanly , the way they 're supposed to . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at .
