  no , it 's not . 
  they 're just saying it is , but they 'd like to shoot down the entire law . 
  not yet , we still need to shoot down the referendum the opponents are likely to call to prevent the law from being implemented . 
  the work is not yet done . 
  huh , while stalin definitely is one of the guys we should be glad are not around anymore , i do n't think erasing him as a reminder and a warning as to what humans are capable of is a good idea . 
  the opponents are likely to try and call a referendum to cancel its implementation . 
  we still need to be vigilant . 
  that at least means they think usa is better than mexico . 
  the bill has passed , 51 to 28 , in the national assembly . 
  truer words were never spoken . 
  i 'm sure mexicans and nicaraguans think usa is worse than russia . 
  while poles and ukrainians think the other way . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  back with the kosovo affair , at least ahtisaari was aware of this fact and so the recognition of kosovo had this extra article that said it is `` not to be used as a precedent '' , and most western countries who have rebellious regions were quite wary to recognize kosovo ( which was a breakaway region ) at all precisely because of that . 
  because that can give cause for catalunya to secede , or quebec , or scotland ( sure the referendum failed this time , but i 'm willing to bet money it was not the last one ) , or corsica . 
  and that 's all before we consider the fact that kosovo was under occupation , which is where we get to the real messy bits you already mentioned . 
  in slovenia , all ministers are under constant pressure to resign as long as sds remains in the opposition . 
  trying to break up the government via forcing impeachments and resignations has been their modus operandi since time immemorial . 
  sometimes they even succeed . 
  basically , all sds ever does is try to bog down the government in a procedural mess , then accuse it of being ineffective , and then try to play that card on the elections . 
  and that 's one of the reasons nothing gets done around here . 
  ... i think this is the awesomest comment i 've seen so far . 
  i do n't trust the * existing * ones any further than i could throw them - same will go for this one . 
  not if they have any say in it . 
  i know , i kind of tried to imply that we ( humanity ) can do enough of the science necessary quickly enough to actually be able to send people there within my lifetime , 
  well , let 's hope this will be a good mission . 
  while i 'm not keen on going myself , i do want to see a manned mission to mars in my lifetime . 
  no , it only means that it will take slightly longer until they 're desperate enough to pay the price . 
  :d good one !, 
  i was referencing [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsnlbk8_rby ) because i suspect the guy i replied to was also referencing it . 
  but they 're not wearing skulls on their caps . 
   do you feel like the eu has contributed to peace ? 
  and the case of yes , do you feel like it has lost sight of that ? 
  yes it has ; and no it has not . 
  but it is in an internal crisis currently . 
  prague is beautiful . 
  rome , too , but more expensive . 
  good one , 
  i 'd watch it just to see nato wizards . 
  it 's always nice to see the two countries cooperating civilly on something . 
  yep . 
  in comparison , russia has n't been around that long as a power , just a couple centuries , while the catholic/orthodox schism goes all the way back to the fall of the roman empire . 
  patriarch kirill accepting the primacy of the pope ? 
  that schism has been around for a long , * long * time , and it 's not going to end soon . 
  well that 's going to complicate matters . 
  it 's a bunch of crap , that article . 
  but it is true that there 's one thing poland has more historical animosity for than germany , and that thing is russia . 
  that 's some expert trolling there . 
  i resent that map :(, 
  dictators are a source of rule of law , too . 
  not necessarily * good * law , but it 's still better than lawlessness . 
  plus , iran was under sanctions anyway , so lower oil price is n't going to affect their economy as much - they were n't able to sell it anyway , now that they will be again able to i think it wo n't bother them too much if the price is lower . 
  it 's more slovenian to blame the government and the entire `` 25 na 45 podlage '' crap . 
  but i will concede one thing , when something goes wrong in slovenia , it 's always somebody else 's fault ( mostly the government because it 's not `` fixing shit '' * right nao * ) , and as a people , we always fail to reflect on our own role in the political process . 
  guess that 's because historically , we have always been under a foreign rule , so we simply do n't know shit about governing ourselves . 
  i need to schedule , basically . 
  while i do n't disagree with what you 're saying here , that 's not what separation of church and state is , and marriage exists for reasons other than tradition ; convenience being one of them . 
  and the first time it was proposed , it was proposed by the exactly same guy . 
  and i wanted to punch him in the face back then , too . 
  that 's the problem . 
  this is n't about democracy . 
  this is literally a personal project of ale\u0161 primc . 
  for the second time already . 
  it 's not about letting people decide . 
  ah but that 's where you 're wrong . 
  it 's not * our * side who 's forcing these referenda . 
  nope . 
  that 's how our rules are set . 
  if you do n't like it , tough shit . 
  oh yes , we will  this referendum only puts the law on hold for one year . 
  no more . 
  that would n't surprise me . 
  shame he 's not the minister responsible for this particular law . 
  were he , he 'd just mobilize the pensioners . 
  ah well . 
  now we got ta wait for a year . 
  i 'll be whatever the hell i want to be , 
  how the hell did i miss this !? 
  please , * please * let me know about the next one !, 
  funny thing is , erjavec ( the pensioner king/emperor ) kind of does n't seem to be too happy about the results . 
  imagine that . 
  democracy . 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  except when elections roll around and we lose . 
  then it 's all ku\u010dan 's fault . 
  i wonder how this entire nova24 affair takes off . 
  i hope it does n't gain too much momentum ... 
  thanks , we know :(, 
  oh for crying out loud , it 's almost as if there 's a conspiracy going on !, 
  no wait , no conspiracy , jan\u0161a is n't the pm . 
  it 's only a conspiracy if jan\u0161a is the pm . 
   i do give a shit about your well-being but the thing is there is a third party involved in the issue we 're discussing , namely children . 
  i also give a shit about them . 
  how much money have you donated to children 's charities ? 
  how many single mothers/fathers have you helped out ? 
  how many children have you saved from abusive families ? 
  how often have you volunteered to help those children you care for so much ? 
  you fucking liar . 
  you disgusting .
