  definitely electric windows . 
  ac is good , comfortable as a 500km drive can be , ran smoothly . 
  all in all much better than the berlingo that got replaced by it . 
  tho i personally think manual should be a backup to electric windows anyway , cause i 've had both a bmw and a vw get stuck with a window halfway open cause the electric motor died . 
  would have been nice to be able roll up the other half manually !, 
  because it 's true . 
  we 're not the target audience for russian propaganda . 
  sometimes i feel that both slovenia and croatia should revoke the claim on that territory , then forcibly deport our politicians there , let them have their own `` liberland '' if they want , build a fence around it , and let them bicker while we sit down with some rakija and \u010devapi and listen to some music and have fun and so on . 
  ( yes , i have to joke a little ... ), 
  well , the entire affair in the media looks as if i was reading tumblr . 
  and that 's terrible . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  seeing as euroskepticism is currently gaining strength i 'm not as optimistic . 
  ` tis true . 
  get back in here , britain , and get back in here properly !, 
  the union needs you !, 
  nah , we will just roll our eyes furiously at you , then go vacation to croatia like we do every year . 
  i find it kind of stupid , it 's not like there 's any `` real '' problems between our countries , we have never been at war , and every time i find myself in croatia , my experience with the locals is positive . 
  so this entire cycle of `` diplomatic incidents '' seems all that more bizarre . 
  i 'd wager that was the plan all along . 
  but how can ruble sink if oil floats on water ? 
  seconded . 
  and we wo n't be , for a long , long time . 
  there 's no political will for anything like that . 
  and i say this as someone who would very much like to see tighter european integration , at least to the point of a complete fiscal/tax/banking / transfer union , unified foreign policy , and a european military . 
  i do n't think ol' alfred was a fan of football , so there 's no nobel prize for football . 
  and the only nobel prizes that , in my opinion , matter are the hard science ones . 
  peace and literature are always political choices , economics is hit and miss , but those hard sciences , that 's the folks who push the boundaries of human knowledge . 
  french cars are as durable as folded newspaper with some paint sprayed on , a joke around here goes ... 
  hey , they actually are n't all that bad !, 
  `` it must be because of those vidya games someone put on it ! '', 
  this would be sad if it was n't so funny . 
  these incidents , always popping up whenever a croatian or a slovenian political faction needs to throw attention off something else or score points before an election . 
  i mean , it 's jan\u0161a and sanader setting up incidents all over again . 
  ca n't wait until we just pass the schengen border over to croatia , this is getting way too old . 
  but i should n't be surprised . 
  with guys like rupel and erjavec dominating our diplomacy since independence it 's no wonder it 's a complete mess . 
  oh right , there have been wars over football before ... i forgot about that incident . 
  no but i 'm just saying ... if we get to the point where a war is basically just about pitting hardware against hardware so to eliminate the cost of human life , we might as well continue the trend and then figure out a way to fight a war without wrecking up a whole lot of stuff altogether . 
  now i remember what you forgot . 
  the good ol' mujo and haso jokes !, 
   how do you determine what 's whose business and what is n't ? 
  the biggest question of international politics . 
  did n't russia try to sneakily ask poland if it wants lvov * back sometime ago ? 
  tho well , sikorski then stepped back from that claim , because `` his memory has failed him '' or something ... http://www.businessinsider.com/putin-offered-to-partition-ukraine-with-poland-2014-10 http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-poland-ukraine-sikorski/26653652.html * ( lviv ? 
  lwov ? 
  which one is correct ? ), 
  but if the logical conclusion is everyone sending robot armies at each other to out-robot the other guy 's robot army , why not just organize a football tournament and try to out-football the other guy or something . 
   or by making it incredibly difficult to get here ? 
  or set up `` safe zones '' in africa where those people can go without fear of conflict or death ? 
  or setup a pan-european border force with a decent budget ? 
  yes , they are alternatives , but again , they 're not solutions until `` how we 'll accomplish that '' part is settled , agreed on , and implemented as policy . 
  i do not consider the execution itself as part of the solution , thankfully . 
   at the moment we are are talking goals and policies , but this will lead to a disagreement over what the definition of `` fixed '' is . 
  would you see a big reduction in immigration as `` fixed '' ? 
  or would it have to be completely stopped altogether ? 
  which is impossible i might add . 
  `` setting up safe-zones in africa '' ( to use one of your examples ) is n't a policy , i can call it an initiative or a proposal . 
  for it to be a policy , it needs to be fleshed out with concrete , feasible and cost-effective steps and actions to implement . 
   i still disagree , imposing an australian style system is a solution to the goal of reducing immigration . 
  creating safe zones in africa is a solution to the goal of reducing immigration . 
  sure . 
  but that system , needs to be actually imposed , and those safe zones need to be actually created to be a solution . 
  and in order for that to happen , what needs to be done is figure out the costs of , implement clear procedures , allocate resources , set up a chain of accountability to prevent abuse , and so on and so forth . 
  i 've said the same thing three times in a single post , which is `` it 's not a solution until it 's in a form that can be feasibly put into practice '' . 
  ah yes , the internet . 
  how was i ever able to learn anything before the advent of this lovely thing ? 
  on the flip side , you can also run into islamist propaganda and be influenced by it on the internet . 
  the internet is n't an alternative to foreign cultural influence , it 's just another platform . 
   i disagree , perhaps it does n't have a perfect solution ; but there is definitely things we can do to fix or alleviate the problem . 
  and in my book , these `` things '' are part of the solution . 
  what would `` fix '' the problem is creating an environment these people would n't be so desperate to run from . 
  as long as the regions they come from remain tumultuous as they are , the refugee/migrant influx simply wo n't stop . 
   you seem to think that i 'm saying i have the solution , when all i have done is list possible solutions and say it 'll be interesting to see ... heavens , no , i just hijacked your example and ran with it to build on it . 
   you are just getting into semantics now . 
  there are definitely things we can do to improve the situation , surely this is undeniable ? 
  it is . 
  but the difference between `` talking desired results '' ( goals ) and `` talking policies to alleviate the predicament '' ( actions/policies ) is more than just semantic . 
  it 's the difference between `` what we want '' and `` how we 'll get there '' . 
  that 's not mere semantics . 
  if i go for an analogy , how often do you hear politicians talking about how they want to `` increase prosperity '' and `` reduce unemployment '' ? 
  i 'm going out on a limb , but i 'd say pretty damn often . 
  and it 's the same thing there , those are n't solutions , they 're goals . 
  this is n't a problem , it 's a crisis * . 
  as such , it does n't have a solution , the word we 're looking for is `` containment '' until the reason for the crisis is removed . 
  and i 've asked many times before , even * if * we were to decide to just stop them before they enter europe ... how is that to be done ? 
  the mediterranean is a huge place . 
  who 's going to patrol the entirety of it ? 
  who will pay for that ? 
  how will you sell it to the taxpayer ? 
  how will we handle the cause of this crisis , which is , north africa and middle east being a shit-hole ? 
  how would we go about fixing that ? 
  who will pay for it ? 
  how will you sell it to the taxpayer ? 
  it 's easy to say `` deport them '' or `` stop them '' . 
  but those are n't solutions . 
  they 're goals . 
  a solution includes a clear and doable path to that goal . 
  we do not have that currently . 
  * `` a large crisis .
