  well , i 'm sure bringing up stuff that ended 24 years ago will be useful for media narratives , but , eh ... i doubt it has any proper value for solving the current , ongoing crisis . 
  i mean , we have the same thing on a lower intensity scale here in slovenia , some people still ca n't get over the immediate post-ww2 era . 
  not that i have anything against declassifying it , mind , information wants to be free , after all . 
  just that ... well , leave history to historians . 
  those filthy yuropean commies , ganging up on honest businesses that care about our well-being so much they need to keep tabs on us 24/7 just to make sure everything is okay :( / s honestly , i do hope facebook gets a punch on this , especially with the entire `` collecting non-user data '' issue . 
  i mean seriously , we never like being spied on . 
  that was his point , too . 
  bbc seems to , it would appear . 
  why do n't you take it up with them and tell them that ? 
  putin 's trustworthiness notwithstanding , i doubt there 'd be any benefit to lying about this one . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure if there 's any significant narrative to spin about it . 
  i just go read radio yerevan jokes in such cases , and giggle . 
  russians lifted some sanctions on greek imports , i believe . 
  yeah well , that 's not only tsipras ... those cards stay in the hand pretty much everywhere . 
  like , juncker did n't play it , our guys here did n't play it , the italian politicians seem to be holding on to it ... 
  which makes sense ... after all , you play that card and `` job creators '' throw a hissy fit and leave for a tax haven because `` muh money ; tax is theft '', 
  all i know is that the media sphere has been oversaturated with talk about this for a while now . 
  soon we 'll be having `` news reports '' about what time the leaders of the rebels , the ukrainian government , russia , nato and eu go take a piss , and we 'll be talking about whose piss stinks the most . 
  in fact , we 've been doing that for months now  . <, 
  we proved what everyone knew . 
  how does that change anything ? 
  yeah , it 's never boring !, 
  the show must go on !, 
  `` annnny minute now ... '' again , huh ? 
  see we 're getting somewhere now . 
  they have reasons . 
  bad reasons , but reasons nonetheless . 
  russia is doing this because they want to destabilize ukraine in order to weaken both it , and europe , and expand their geopolitical influence . 
  not because `` they 're evil gits who do evil stuff because they 're evil '' . 
  still , that means we need to make sure we stand our ground , but that 's difficult without a common foreign policy ... 
  honestly does this world still need martyrs to function ? 
  world is n't black & white , the sooner we learn that the better . 
  imagine you 're explaining the situation to a rational alien who knows nothing of it and wants to hear both sides of the story . 
  how do you convince him your side is in the right ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what i 'm doing . 
  100 % war score for you , good job , here , have a trophy , you totally asserted dominance over me , you alpha hunk you . 
  i 'll even suck your cock if it makes you feel awesome . 
  now excuse me , i have more beneficial things to do with my time than this . 
  sending probes to coments and curing cancer are two completely unrelated things , while establishing a common foreign policy and acting on the international scene are very much quite closely related and doing one will have a major positive impact on the other , if we just get the order right . 
  also , godwin does n't count as an argument , you know that . 
  yes yes and americans tortured iraqi pows way back when , we 're not calling usa and isis something that 's pretty much the same , though are we ? 
  `` re-establishing '' spheres of influence ? 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about , those things never ceased to exist in the first place . 
  you ca n't re-establish something that was always there . 
  also , making russian forces `` deplete faster than '' any other bar chinese might be a bit of a tall order . 
  as i said , we ca n't move russia away from europe , or vice versa . 
  we 're forced to put up with each other because of geography . 
  and to be completely honest , i do n't want ukraine anywhere near eu , nor do i want the eu to get involved in ukraine until we fix our own problems , like the lack of a common foreign policy and the lack of a fiscal union . 
  once we have that , then we can actually act on the international ground with some clout . 
  until then , it 's as you said , our response is going to be kind of feeble . 
  the difference is that i 'm not blaming russia for the problems we have . 
  they 're problems stemming from within the eu . 
  growing pains , so to say . 
  yes , russia is taking advantage of it . 
  so is everyone else , but for example , china tends to play the long game . 
  that 's why we need to for a moment stop looking for external enemies and fix what 's fundamentally a problem in the structure of the eu itself - which is `` b-but muh sovereignty ! '', 
  i do n't know , isis is still a whole differents can o ' worms . 
  and dropping bombs on our doorstep ? 
  we do n't want that at the moment , i think ( `` we '' as in eu sovereigns ) . 
  as i 've said several times before , europe and russia are forced to coexist simply because we ca n't move one away from the other ... now i agree with you that the political solution is not the only solution , but it is the one i 'd very much prefer . 
  an open war in ukraine , regardless of who wins is , will likely make ukraine end up in a position where greece looks like a slight economic hiccup in comparison . 
  and bring with it the unholy trinity of `` instability , dissent and radicalization '' . 
  or is it more like , he was a complete sociopath before this began , but now he just found a no-consequence outlet for it ... ? 
  either way , the guy 's just a common murderer , nothing more . 
  yeah , i would say it 's a culture thing . 
  which is a technically `` racist '' thing to say , but i 'm saying it as a neutral observation . 
  russian culture just seems to put `` the motherland '' as an ideal higher on the priority list than the country 's population . 
  i think history is one such reason . 
  they just do n't give a fuck . 
  and they 'll burn moscow down themselves just to mess with napoleon . 
  but then again , well ... i never really managed to figure out . 
  does war make people act like this particular commander , or is it just that it attracts the people who would have acted like that anyway ? 
  i mean , there 's pow abuse nearly in every major military campaign . 
  anyone remember abu ghraib ? 
  and now , this ? 
  people `` lose faith in humanity '' on the internet all the time for the damnest reasons , but this ... this is something that seriously shakes mine . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't trust people who call me blind or some sort of a fancy derivative . 
  experience taught me they are full of hot air and not much else . 
  yeah no , i do n't buy into that fearmongering for a second . 
  sure , russia 's trying to fuck us up . 
  but your post is `` staggering propaganda '' too . 
  i love how frontier science now is `` let 's take these things and smash them together as hard as we can , see what happens '' :d but yes , here 's to hoping on new discoveries and new understanding of the fundamental workings of the universe . 
  one important distinction - poland is a nato member . 
  ukraine is not . 
  one important distinction - poland is a nato member . 
  ukraine is not . 
  yeah , that 's a point i did n't consider , because i had a moment of ignorance going . 
  when 's the last time zimbabwe invaded another country , and does that make robert mugabe a saint ? 
  hell , they invaded zimbabwe tried to kick mugabe out back in 2009 , did n't work out too well . 
  well , here 's to hoping that whatever they do wo n't end up like iraq or afghanistan . 
  do n't want that in europe 's back yard : /, 
  the problem with start-ups at least around here in slovenia is very simple . 
  the aspiring enterpreneur will ask themselves the wrong question . 
  instead of `` what am i going to create ? 
  '' , they go with `` how am i going to make it big ? '', 
  without even thinking what `` it '' is supposed to be . 
  in other words , everyone seems to think the first book they write is going to shoot right up to # 1 on the bestseller charts just because they are able to hold a pen/keyboard . 
  53 vs 21 , the referendum has been blocked . 
  well , not `` the people '' , i do n't even think the opponents could meet the `` 20 % of all constituents in favor of repealing '' requirement if the referendum happened ( so basically no matter the turnout , at least 20 % of all * eligible * people would have to vote to repeal ; and have the majority in the referendum itself ; in order to repeal ) . 
  they 're still a loud and annoying bunch , though , closely tied to the catholic church and the largest opposition party .
