  a significant dent in younger , active working population with purchasing power would cause problems . 
  capitalism , after all , thrives on growth . 
  indeed . 
  iceland let the banks fail . 
  `` icelandic '' scenario is simply no longer possible . 
  truth be told , even the `` shitty '' ones are way better than what they 're running from . 
  agreed on bigotry outside the capitals , tho . 
  i 'm actually opposed to using such shorthand words in the first place , because they 're designed only as a punchline for headlines , and do n't even begin to describe what they 're referring to . 
  people still think `` grexit '' means greece leaving the eu entirely . 
  as for my level of maturity , what can i say . 
  it varies depending on many factors . 
  sometimes i just like feeling like a kid again . 
  why , to make news anchors try to keep a straight face while holding back a giggle !, 
  how about fixit and czecxit ? 
  i 'm sure all of us would call dibs on `` sexit '' tho . 
  i realize it 's not technically directly related to europe , but this might affect the global balance of power enough so that europe ca n't ignore it . 
  as i said , it 's more about what you eat and less about how much - nutritional quality of your food matters more than the quantity unless you 're really force feeding yourselves for some reason . 
  besides , `` just '' is the evilest world in the english language , especially when used in `` just do x '' . 
  i do n't know , after that intro i did n't care to read the rest of your post . 
  you know , first impressions and all . 
  i swear it 's almost as if blatter was just trolling the man . 
   nobody cares about this moralistic bullshit . 
  and yet you replied . 
  now it looks like as if he was just trolling john oliver . 
  yes , i edited my post . 
  it was a `` rock and hard place '' situation . 
  and with what happened with denmark and norway , i doubt that finland would have fared any better than those two did did if they told the germans `` no '' . 
  they 'd get invaded . 
  at those times , germany * was * a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  just one that has n't pissed off finland as much as the other one did . 
  the only way to save eu is further integration . 
  and by that i do not mean expansion , i mean setting up a fiscal union , a common foreign policy , a common tax policy , eurobonds , transfers and so on . 
  also , even if greece exits eurozone , there 's no legal provision for them getting booted from the eu - the only way a country can leave the eu is voluntarily , they ca n't get kicked out . 
  right now the eu is in some sort of an unstable limbo-like state , with resources overextended and , truth be told , quite off balance . 
  further complicated by the fact that a full consensus is needed to pass decisions . 
  no true buddhist would respond to provocations , anyway . 
  energy projects seem to go way , way , way over initially proposed overhead all over the place , it seems . 
  well , but he 's uncumberbatchable . 
  i think it 's ecuador , yes ? 
  that is true , he seems to not be facing extradition . 
  i have no idea who snowden might have requested asylum from , though . 
  he could have gone somewhere else , i guess , but what 's done is done . 
  even `` neutral '' countries would face * a lot * of diplomatic pressure and his asylum status would not be certain in them . 
  well , we 're the only ones not to have had our own olympics so far in the first place :d, 
  damn , you beat me to it . 
  it 's not just mcdonalds . 
  it 's also processed food , pre-prepared stuff , microwave dishes , the food that 's high on salt and conserving agents , the kind you tend to buy in bulk because it 's cheap and does n't spoil ; because when you 're on a tight budget and the closest place where you can get cheap food is far away enough that you ca n't afford to drive there every three days . 
  ;d or :d i think . 
  it 's more about what you eat than it is about how much you eat . 
  what i want is a clear report on what options are on the table , and the projections for the eu for each possible option . 
  `` making an example out of greece '' is just going to cause trouble , but it shows how frustrated everyone is . 
  still , the imf and ecb should be figuring out how to handle the crisis not about how to cut off the nose to spite the face . 
  also happy cake day , op . 
  what did people expect him to say ... ? 
  i do n't know many leaders who would talk about badly their country is doing because of their rule . 
  closest they get to it is talking about how the country sucks and it 's the opposition/previous government that 's at fault . 
  well there is a point to be made , that these days , being fat is actually cheaper when it comes to food costs than being thin . 
  sometimes , being in a mess is just a fact of life , though . 
  sometimes the only `` mistake '' on your part is `` not being clairvoyant '' . 
  not saying that is the case here , mind , but just pointing out that sometimes shit just happens outside your control . 
  eh , macedonia , slovenia ? 
  funnily enough , that is a speculation i 've seen on our news portals . 
  that someone did it on purpose to get croatia kicked out of the euro , and force the croatian football association to restructure . 
  oh , i agree with you , actually . 
  i just doubt it 's going to do much . 
  hmmm , maybe another closed stadium game and a fine might happen ? 
  really ? 
  seriously , he 's always been wacky . 
  so , how much money is paid to `` shills '' on reddit per day ? 
  please , source your claims . 
  what i 'm saying is : people do n't have to be paid to be idiots on the internet . 
  everyone 's more than willing to do it for free . 
  3 meters . 
  i actually just realized how bloody close that is for planes . 
  european nations are fierce . 
  ferocious . 
  often at odds . 
  we all know what happens when germany and france hate each other too much . 
  we do n't want that again do we . 
  haha !, 
  that 's good , actually . 
  one of my favorite sayings is `` you think politics is worse here than anywhere else ? 
  nah , it 's merely just as bad . '', 
  still , sometimes , it 's just too much . 
  yeah i know , and i am being a bit unfair here , it 's just that we had some real stupid referendums in the past . 
  and maybe i 'm just cranky because our state budget is still in deficit and we should be trying to cut expenses . 
  i do n't have a place big enough to put ( it ) in , so i pass . 
  catholic and orthodox are totally in cahoots , huh ? 
  but if the referendum goes ahead i do hope that at least those who want it are forced to pay for it . 
  heh , a man can dream ... edit : just to clear it up ; i think a referendum should always be paid for by those who call it if it fails . 
  if it succeeds , it 's different , but i doubt this one would succeed . 
  equality before the law is . 
  just wondering , what do you think someone else would have done better ? 
  excuse my cynicism , but i 'm slovenian . 
  we have a whole country full of people who keep whining about how everything is going to shit and it 's the government 's fault , but when i ask them for alternatives , they do n't fucking have any . 
  technically , the sun still never sets . 
  russia actually declared independence from ussr because of how the union was set up . 
  well , they 're not miracle-working wizards , so naturally , everyone 's going to be hating them . 
  jeez , i hate it when my info is wrong  . < thanks for clarifying , either way . 
  one thing i wonder is what 'd happen with uk 's nuclear arsenal .
