yeah but that one is actually fake . 
  should n't be `` slovenia '' , it should be `` big river '' . 
  one of those is not like the others ... that portugal . 
  indeed . 
  great , now we * officially * have a stand-off . 
  this does n't surprise me at all . 
  sounds like something any superpower ( or supercorporation ) would do . 
  i do n't think he actually has the executive power to implement them though ? 
  yes , that was the source of the misunderstanding . 
  i kind of worked on the premise that any investigation by the russian authorities would likely not be recognized `` independent '' , because their track record at investigation transparency in such cases is abysmal . 
  and i 'm saying that there 's simply no institute in place that would allow it and russia could n't block . 
  we 're not living in an ideal world . 
  and yes , hypocrisy is very much present on the highest levels of international politics , * because the world 's powers set up the system that way . 
  well , if it 's a referendum it 's hard to have any option aside from `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  maybe `` do n't care '' . 
  if it 's an election , you can just add a `` none '' option after the list of candidates , no matter what kind of an election it is . 
  berezovsky , politkovskaya , kasparov , navalny , khodorkovsky , litvinenko from the top of my head . 
  and zyuganov . 
  but , uh ... that guy has ussr nostalgia and hates putin for not trying to restore it by force , so ... 
  so that you can then say `` heh , i do n't believe you knew that , you must have googled it '' ? 
  russia lower than belarus ? 
  belarus is a de facto dictatorship , russia at least tries pretending it has some sort of a democracy going . 
  russia should be second last with belarus last . 
  i 've heard about many of putin 's critics before they died in suspicious circumstances , and about many that are still alive . 
  this nemtsov ... not so much . 
  it 's not about meddling , it simply that the way the international order is set up does n't allow for such investigation without the mandate of a higher instance . 
  just like you ca n't break into your neighbor 's house even if you are pretty sure he 's cooking meth in the basement , you have to take the suspicion to the law enforcement . 
  and russia has a veto in that higher instance that handles international law enforcement . 
  ehhh , no ? 
  maybe our western media and analysts could have talked about an alternative to putin in the person of boris nemtsov , but nobody cared until the guy got whacked . 
  now he 's suddenly relevant . 
  turth be told , how many people actually * knew * about him before he got killed ? 
  i mean , literally . 
  i 've never seen him presented as an alternative to putin in any meaningful way while he was alive . 
  this is another of those issues where sovereignty kind of gets in the way , is n't it ? 
  no matter how you look at it , this murder is a russian internal affair , and thus falls under its sovereignty and jurisdiction ... no matter how untrusted that is elsewhere . 
  well , since never ... or at least , a slavic human life is n't a value . 
  we 're very expendable , no matter who our current overlord is ( even if said overlord is slavic ) . 
  ask anyone from the anglo-saxon , francophone or germanic sphere if they think slavic lives are worth the same , the statistics of that would be kinda interesting . 
  alright , i need to tone it down on the cynicism . 
  smart !, 
  the internet becomes a much better and more informative place once you get past all those petty personal things ... 
  you have n't been here long , have you ... . on a more serious note , though , the issue is pretty polarizing and polarized . 
  it 's hard to keep any kind of a neutral discussion on the matter , precisely because of the `` with us or against us '' mentality . 
  that is to say , while it 's hard , it 's not impossible . 
  you just need to pick your engagement . 
  and oh , op ? 
  no downvoting for that . 
  downvoting is for * bad content * , not for * personal disagreement *, 
  i 'm just going to note that `` reporter '' is pretty much slovenia 's daily mail equivalent or something like that . 
  take everything in there with a grain ( or shovel , if you prefer ) of salt . 
  honestly , the lengths these sds folks are going to go ... even better since the moment the lustration happens , their own leader is the first one who has to leave . 
  it 's not a party , it 's a cult of personality . 
  well , the time of sovereign nation-states seems to be ending , and the time of the multinational corporations seems to be looming . 
  it 'll pull russia into the trend eventually , but they * will * fight it . 
  but as others said , it 's guesswork . 
  it 's like nostradamus ' prophecies , you can interpret vague predictions in any way , including the way that `` oh yeah this is exactly what 's happened '' . 
  i do n't think there can be anything `` clearer '' than what we have already , except for the russians actually saying `` oh yeah , we 're totally doing it '' . 
  i mean , the only thing that would make the `` clear evidence '' any clearer would be an outright confession . 
  that 's how `` clear '' it all is already . 
  ummm ... the author might want to look at a map . 
   as for possibility of such state - zero . 
  now now , all you need is administrative tech at about 120 and conquering and coring the relevant provinces ... ( i kid , i agree with you actually ) . 
  that 's separatism in a foreign country and not something russia can decide if it 's legal or not . 
  i am * pretty * sure russia deems separatism illegal within its own territory . 
  basically , it 's a weird title . 
  countries can and do support separatists or other rebels in other countries without considering such dissent legal within their own jurisdictions . 
  that 's why we have the middle east clusterfuck . 
  seems like a good place to enjoy a beautiful starry sky on a clear night , tho ... 
  well , obviously , but i pay less taxes per year than tuition at an american university would cost me ; and i get some * other * publicly funded things out of that deal as well . 
  hey , we slovenians are the * first * ones to talk your ear of about how everything is going to shit , how the country is literally worse than north korea and how that 's all the government 's fault . 
  the fact that my wife is cheating on me because i 'm a bitter , pathetic , impotent whiner is also the government 's fault , mind . 
  we do n't get * insulted * by such comments . 
  we grab them and run with them . 
  `` see !, 
  told you !, 
  even the refugees know this place is a hellhole , and that 's all the fault of * you commies who voted for a different guy than i did !, 
  might be a brainfart on my part , then . 
  yeah , it 's not like schengen is beneficial to trade and economy or anything ... 
  myeah , i get your point , but usa is just * one * sovereign country . 
  eu is n't . 
  it 's a union of 28 . 
  free passage is a pretty big contributor to the internal eu economy ... sealing the borders would displace employees working across the border , truck shipments , and so on . 
  it has to do with the whole fucking world . 
  well , in many countries you can attend university without having to pay for it ... 
  okay . 
  good retort , i 'm going to give you an upvote just for that , 
  hey , do n't go shoving your emotional baggage on me . 
  oh , i 'm very aware of the happenings around muhammad cartoons up to and including charlie hebdo , thank you very much . 
  has been going on for years . 
  now was there something * you * wanted to say , or are you just being an ass , mr. throwaway reddit handle ? 
  yeah , totally . 
  and it 's not a rock , it has a name !, 
  i call it bernie . 
  now , was there something you wanted to say , or are you just being an ass ? 
  getting there , serbia , getting there . 
  keep up the good work . 
  ... so an anti-islam group is going to display an icon of islam because that pisses off muslims ? 
  that 's like homophobes engaging in gay sex in hopes that it would piss off the gay people . 
  or engaging in gay sex as a demonstration of what is completely not appropriate .
