  eh ... why ? 
  it 's a commodity . 
  nah , it just reinforces the fact that i 'm being a massive ponce . 
  slovenian political space is independent from how i 'm acting on here . 
  fortunately , i might add , that 'd be too much responsibility for me . 
  mladina is a tabloid , not a newspaper . 
  but , well , at least we have demokracija and reporter , too . 
  i guess you also miss slivnik on top of delo . 
  oh , also , you 're both wrong and a bigoted asshole . 
  maybe it will stop , if you say pretty please with a cherry on top ? 
  i mean , multiculturalism is kind of a side effect of globalization , after all . 
  we ca n't have a truly globalized world if people ca n't move around globally . 
  of course he 'd say that . 
  they are quite nimby-ish , are n't they ... 
  are you asking me to prove a negative ? 
  well , it all depends on who 's the current editor-in-chief , was rightist yesterday , is leftist today , and who knows what it will be like tomorrow . 
  i rarely read it . 
  but i would be pleased if you stopped assuming `` slovenian left '' = `` has their heads up putin 's ass '' ; because you 'd be both wrong , and a bigoted asshole for doing so , 
  european nations tend to be quite fierce and often at odds . 
  as history shows . 
  in fact , the eu was designed in order to prevent future wars in europe . 
  that was its initial purpose , and still is . 
  of course russia would get mangled , worse than we would , they do every now and then , anyway . 
  i 'm only talking about the west , and that there 's going to be some serious cost/benefit analysis . 
  or swiss . 
  actually , i think swiss would be more likely . 
  france : `` okay , we 'll arrange for armed escorts , but you have join the euro . '', 
  oh , for the love of ... how about we just ... 1 ) nuke the entire project 2 ) have another one of those lovely world wars and kill off 10 % - 20 % of ourselves ( i volunteer to be one of the killed ones ) 3 ) spend another two decades just rebuilding . 
  4 ) fresh start on european integration 5 ) if it fails again , go to 1 ), 
  maybe the revolution never really ended ... 
  well it 'd be still interesting to see a projection of eu export growth without the sanctions . 
  weekends and vacations are counted in to i believe . 
  the problem is , and people simply fail to understand it , that what makes sense economically and what makes sense politically are often very different things . 
  and that most politicians , including german and italian ones , will nuke a sound economic long-term plan from orbit in order to preserve their votes in the short term . 
  same could be said for latin cultures . 
  guess you 're going to make me look it up , then . 
  i 'm a-gonna look for about thirty-seven pictures telling me about my butthurt . 
  this might take a while . 
  how about you link me the whole gallery , and i promise i will look through it , one by one , in 5 minute intervals ? 
  you really should work on making your stuff more efficient , automate it . 
  yes , yes , i know you think i am stupid and need to be told everything twice , but why are you putting up the show twice for all these people you 're trying to impress ? 
  do you think they 're stupid , too ? 
  let me worry about my butt . 
  it 's mine , after all , you need n't concern yourself with it . 
  but , well , the irony in this one , strong is . 
  it 's not , really . 
  but it will have the unfortunate consequence of creating prejudice . 
  that 's because human beings tend to think that anyone who consistently disagrees with them is a piece of shit . 
  sure you can . 
  you 'd be an asshole to do it , but that 's how most prejudices * work * . 
  yeah , so ? 
  what are you going to do ? 
  tell mom ? 
  yeah , so ? 
  had i thought you were arguing in good faith , i 'd have refrained from that . 
  but we both know you were n't . 
  the moment you started using phrases like `` calling your bullshit '' . 
  see , that phrase is used by people who are merely interested in asserting dominance , as opposed to bringing new information to the table . 
  you just wanted to throw a punch and act as if you `` won '' . 
  and i * despise * that , so i 'm fighting dirty now . 
  ca n't handle it , hotshot ? 
  you going to tell me i 'm a waste of your time and not worth your attention ? 
  going to put on some sunglasses and walk away in slow-mo like a cool guy walking from an explosion ? 
  ( note : that tends to sound more like `` well fine i 'm going home , and i 'm taking the ball , too ! '' ), 
  you were looking for a cheap fix of internet power and glory . 
  and i have nothing useful to do with my life , so i 'm going out of my way to mess with you , because you 're a bit obnoxious . 
  ( ps : anyone who wants to mess with me because i 'm obnoxious is free to try . ), 
  i think it was more a statement against `` moral high horses '' than anything else . 
  eh ... you do realize that acceptance of homosexuality is a very recent thing , yes ? 
  but on a more serious note , it usually tends to depend on where the church is strong . 
  why not ? 
  because of ukraine ? 
  remind me since when fifa was an organization supposed to enforce western foreign policy ? 
  in practical terms , if it 's not enforced , then it does n't exist . 
  if theft was only technically illegal but authorities would n't bother to persecute , you think people would consider theft actually to be illegal ? 
  oooooh , this is some dominant alpha behavior you 're exhibiting there , you manly hunk , you . 
  * consider me seduced * my place or yours ? 
  i mean this is what it 's about to you , right ? 
  asserting dominance . 
  proving you 're the alpha around here ? 
  and since i do n't actually have anything you could take , i can only assume you 're doing it because you want to impress me and get in my pants . 
  how did it feel when you hit that downvote button ? 
  did your hand stray into your pants to your erection ? 
  did you splurge all over your keyboard ? 
  were you all like `` everyone see that !? 
  see how i owned that guy , am i a stud , or what ? '', 
  i 'd bet money that 's exactly what happened , hotshot . 
  yeah , i 'm mocking you . 
  such a sad sight --, 
  i 'm saying that when you need to take a shit you go find a private place . 
  not really . 
  if i want to show `` they banned them all '' is wrong , i only need to find one that was n't banned . 
  i just find it funny how it 's always the radical groups that call themselves something like `` freedom '' or `` dawn '' or `` something else pleasant-sounding '' , really . 
  well , there 's also a matter of enforcing it on someone who can mangle you pretty badly even if you manage to subdue them . 
  the only rating company free of geopolitical risks would be one not based or having any economic interests in earth . 
  i 've been pondering it for a while . 
  and sure , learning the language is something i take as a necessity . 
  if you asked me if i meant to learn the language i 'd be like `` why are you asking , i thought that 's a given ? '', 
  as long as the `` beer '' in your name is n't bud or something . 
  but you ca n't ban `` freedom '' !,
