  no need to get passive aggressive . 
  i 'm not the one who went `` it 's just progress '' and `` we have the technology '' as if it was the simplest thing . 
  i work in a very technical field , and believe me , the worst thing you can do is rely on `` oh everything 's going to work , no problem , this is high-tech '' . 
  there 's always * something * that a human has to fix . 
  there 's a failure rate in every human-designed system . 
  does n't even have to be a failure of the computer system , can be a simple mechanical structural failure , like a flat tire , or a broken axle , or a rock fall on a road that 's near some unstable ground . 
  i would n't speak in absolutes . 
  also `` just progress '' does n't explain why there are manual overrides for many of the stuff that 's mostly or entirely ran by computers already , say like , landing an airplane . 
  we have automated systems for that , have for a while , and yet pilots are still a thing . 
  but hey , do n't let me stand in the way of that entire `` it 's t3h future !!, 
  ! 11one '' sentiment . 
  ban , really ? 
  you would n't settle for supervised driving courses and the like ? 
  i mean , i 'm all in favor of gun control but i do n't want to abolish shooting ranges . 
  you actually did n't think this through , did you , all you wanted to do is go `` in your face '' at me for a quick rush of endorphins , no ? 
  either way , what i said is still true . 
  hey hey hey i have a perfectly good reason against self-driving cars : * i like driving . 
  * i like holding a steering wheel in my hand . 
  i like grabbing the stick and shifting gears . 
  i like revving up the volume of my favorite nightwish album when i 'm doing 180 on a german autobahn . 
  and i do n't want that to become a niche , 
  sure , i 've got my biases . 
  tho most of mine are down to me being a selfish asshole than party alignment . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  i do n't know what * their * argument is . 
  i just get annoyed when people gloat , and go the `` cut off the nose to spite the face '' route . 
  i 've said it many times , it seems that people are perfectly willing to destroy a country for the sake of going `` hah !, 
  in ya face ! '', 
  at tsipras . 
  contrary to popular belief , `` bashing people you disagree with politically '' is n't a form of sustenance . 
  once you 've lost everything , and are literally wondering how you 'll get through the day , believe me you 'll lose all your enthusiasm for trash-talking syriza because other stuff will suddenly be a helluvalot more important . 
  in other words , you 're still doing well enough that you can afford to bash them . 
  so maybe , you 're actually * not * the voice of those who have indeed lost everything . 
  because it 's done in the vain hope that `` one day '' the rich and famous person will remember your attempt at sucking up to them and grant you some sort of favor . 
  however , that inevitably falls victim to the `` but for me , it was tuesday '' trope . 
   at least for now those who want a higher quality of life can just emigrate to western europe without visas . 
  the rightwingers in those places are going to have a field day . 
  how quaint . 
  someone thinking they 're so smart and creative and now all the ladies will want 'em . 
  i do n't mind a degree of humor even in serious situations like this , mind , but reusing and regurgitating old , tired and completely lame stuff that everyone has swallowed and coughed back up at least once before is simply lazy and unfunny . 
  well , hey , they did n't want to let us have it back in 1920 , they can deal with it now !, 
  i kid of course , i generally do n't like anyone having to deal with such affairs as hypo . 
  well it 's different if we annex ourselves to austria against their will , like a clingy one-night stand that refused to leave in the morning , tho , no ? 
  yeah , nobody wants that . 
  ( except for some unhinged individuals who think the world exists for their amusement ), 
  you could kill vampires forever with that kind of stake . 
  it 's an impressive stake . 
  just a layman 's opinion here , on my own part ... the imf should be non-profit . 
  cynically , i 'd rather have verhofstadt represent me than any of the politicians i have available in slovenia . 
  basically , yes , sometimes i feel certain foreigners are more representative of what i want than anyone i can vote for back at home . 
  that makes me sad . 
  i like this guy . 
  he 's always struck me as someone who really * wants * the european integration to succeed . 
  i also like how he chewed out farage that one time . 
  in my opinion , eu should just have let greece default immediately , and the banks that were exposed should have cut their losses . 
  in capitalism , investments sink sometimes . 
  all we 've done is socialize the losses , and now the eu taxpayer has to pay for 'em . 
  nobody in this situation is `` evil '' ; but pretty much everyone is guilty of `` handling it poorly '' , that 's my opinion . 
  see that 's the thing . 
  greece does n't actually have much credibility to lose in the first place , because everyone 's been questioning and doubting it to begin with . 
  so if everyone 's treating you like you 're not serious , why * not * negotiate with your fingers crossed behind your back ? 
  heeey , no way , `` union with austria '' is what our folks should do . 
  and when i say `` our folks '' i mean `` the entire damn country , myself included '' . 
  sometimes . 
  when i 'm fed up with our politics . 
  i doubt it 'd ever happen tho . 
  who cares about the taxpayers , they 'll be busy enough raving and ranting about lazy greeks taking their money to notice their money being gone . 
  and i know what you mean , our exposure is nearly 3 % gdp ( tho most of it is guarantees , but that does n't make a difference at this point ) . 
  arrrgggghhh , why ca n't we have nice things ... :(, 
  ... i so want to see that . 
  does that mean trieste is up for grabs again ? 
  seconded . 
  again . 
  i hope the mods respond this time . 
  this is big . 
  `` dark times are upon us '' +3 % inflation -6 stability -100 prestige ... and a whole lot more of a clusterfuck in the immediate economic vicinity . 
  for at least two more days , yes . 
  after that , i have no idea . 
  we 'll see what the suit & tie folks say tomorrow . 
  ehhh , nope . 
  that 's just horrible interpretation . 
  eu and ez are separate treaties and leaving one does n't mean you have to leave the other , unless you 're willing to make a lot of leaps of logic . 
  there 's simply no provision for an eu member to leave aside from the eu member deciding , specifically `` we are leaving the eu '' . 
  shqip news anchors best news anchors !, 
  that 's going to hurt their recruitment drive . 
  i think . 
  maybe . 
  believe me , we have politicians using `` greece '' in the same way a normal person would use `` eldritch monstrosity from beyond time and space '' over here , too . 
  the situation in greece is perfect for everyone not-greek !, 
  1 ) the european left-wing can cry oppression by capitalist elite , and the need to fight back against the corporate and banker overlords . 
  2 ) the european right-wing can cry how greeks are only getting their `` just desserts '' , and how they totally deserve what 's happening . 
  3 ) neither of the above actually hast to * care * about what happens to greece . 
  and nether of the above cares . 
  vatican city has a military pact with italy . 
  an attack on vatican city is an attack on italy , italy is bound by contract to respond to aggression against the holy see . 
  i. . did not necessarily mean `` campaigning '' when i said `` altering results '' . 
  suffice to say , there 's already a lot of fear that it 's going to be a `` russian-style '' referendum ... and i 'm saying that i do n't think anyone in greece actually has enough political power to tamper with the results in any significant way . 
  officiating was terrible . 
  i work in television , i have personally participated in televising several events . 
  and let me tell you , much was rigged in favor of azerbaijan .
