  i think i know what i 'll have for lunch today , there 's a place that makes really good stuff down at the corner ... 
  call me cynical , but no matter what regulations the governments pass , there 's going to be `` smart entrepreneurs '' who find loopholes or outright ignore them . 
  something about `` market regulations being communist '' and `` the invisible hand will take care of it , we do n't need no government '' and `` well , do n't expect a living wage from unskilled work '' and `` i 'm so awesome that my employees should be paying * me * for the privilege . '', 
  i mean i 've heard all of those , in real life . 
  based on a true story ( link one comment below ), 
  it 's an old story i dug up : http://articles.latimes.com/1985-04-03/local/me-28522_1_europe-vacation poor guy : /, 
  eh , it gets funny eventually . 
  as austrians and australians , slovenes and slovaks , swedes and swiss , and that guy who wanted to go to oakland , california and instead landed in auckland , new zealand , can tell you . 
  if your boss fires you because he can get an immigrant working for cheaper , who 's fucking you over ? 
  the immigrant , or your boss ? 
  pft , that ship has * sailed * . 
  i 've been a cynical git since way before this entire mess even started . 
  sir , is that an order , sir !, 
  how about you realize you do n't own me ? 
  if you do n't want to deal with my comments , then ignore them . 
  simple . 
  if you 're so self-absorbed that you think you can tell me what i can or ca n't do , though , get bent . 
  yes , but greenland does n't even have 100k people living in it . 
  so adding that to the population of denmark would hardly change the suicide rates for denmark that has more than 100 times as many people . 
  you ca n't just add up the rates and divide them by two to get the total rate . 
  you ... do know how statistics work , yes ? 
  those 56k people living in greenland would hardly change the rate when added to the 5.7 million people in denmark proper . 
  raw numbers would be about 45 suicide per year on average in greenland , denmark ( without greenland ) would have about 630 per year average , so denmark with greenland would have just shy of 700 suicides per year with just a little over 5.7 million people . 
  or a rate of about 0.0122 % . 
  it would put you ahead of sweden without even trying , at least !, 
  fake or not , whoever posts this kind of stuff on youtube should receive a stern talking-to and get grounded for two weeks . 
  honestly , this game of chicken has been going on for too long by now . 
  and the longer it goes , the more likely it becomes that the players will crash into each other . 
  it 's a colloquial term , really , a more elaborate explanation is here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunbar%27s_number, 
  with how sparsely populated greenland is , i kind of doubt that , 
  it works for small communities , but once the monkeysphere rears its head , things are going to deteriorate . 
  we 're a real self-destructive bunch , both on the personal and on the national level . 
  `` annnnnny minute now ... '', 
  ah yes , those tragic accidents involving combustible lemons and space whales always happen in secret service archives for some reason ... 
  so yeah , it is as you say , there 's that , too ... 
  indeed , that goes for most of the news . 
  i do n't think we 'll find anything really juicy until the archives in moscow are opened . 
  that 's where i figure the real heavy stuff is . 
  right , that figure of speech . 
  sorry , i rarely run into it so i missed it . 
  ` least check the flag before typing nonsense ... 
  just you wait , once they figure out there 's money to be made in marketing `` tours of the old kgb archives '' , they 're not only going to open those , but sell tickets for them . 
  damn , he 's really bad at keeping up his reputation of `` evil overlord of pure evil '' , is n't he . 
  jokes aside , though , to be completely honest , i think turkey is the only country in the world that still has a problem with it being called what it was . 
  well , information wants to be free , and more access to classified documents is always a good thing . 
  though i do wonder what specific kinds of documents people are hoping to find . 
  radio yerevan anyone ? 
  and the unsaid part of that sentence '' ... cause they 're not really immigrants , just people from other parts of the empire '' . 
  that seems like a more long-term goal than anything . 
  the bit about `` long-standing ties '' , i 'd say . 
  it 's difficult to have those if you have n't even existed until a couple of months ago . 
  obviously because russia is the evil empire of evilness . 
  just for the sake of the argument . 
  how , if at all , would those `` interests '' change if the eu rejects ttip ? 
  again , what had to be proven ? 
  you got it wrong . 
  sovereignty is so important around here that the projections for 2050 are that every citizen of the balkans will end up living in the sovereign country of himself/herself by then . 
  that 's how much we like our sovereignty . 
  edit : also , the `` balkanization '' does n't refer to the events of 1990s . 
  media spinning a narrative that suits whoever 's funding them ? 
  well , i never !, 
  remember , tax fraud is only a crime if you 're poor . 
  if you 're rich , you can claim `` affluenza '' . 
  uhh ... * what * had to be proven ... ? 
  oh get over it will ya . 
  `` i do n't like what you 're saying , therefore you 're a troll/shill/jewish-space-lizard '' keep fighting the good fight , mate , i 'm sure once we wreck up moscow , we 'll build a monument to honor your incredible wit , intellect and competence . 
  and then take selfies in front of it , 
  the `` previous greek government '' doing that stuff ... ? 
  call me crazy but i think this has more to do with them being a government than it has with them being greek . 
  what you say is true , but , still ... 
  objection , relevance ? 
  wait , you did n't hear about all those poor souls who gave their lives in the failed takes ? 
  uhh i get the `` imperialism '' bit , but `` aggressive colonialism '' ? 
  that 's more of a western european thing . 
  that 's part of why africa is still a mess . 
  looking at your posts in this thread it almost seems as if you 're under the impression that the entire mess is something unprecedented . 
  hostile relations of russia with those countries are n't exactly a new thing that started with putin . 
  especially as far as poland goes , some serious historical animosity going on there . 
  the russians have , historically , always been like that . 
  it 's a cultural thing , mostly . 
  do n't ask me , ask them !, 
  i wonder myself just how `` vulnerable '' that could have made her . 
  `` annnnnnny minute now ... . '', 
  who 's discarding it ? 
  i 'm sure the nato top officials are giving it due attention . 
  but the media is using the word `` nukes '' to try and make the entire mess seem to be more than it is . 
  but regardless , once a nuclear missile is in the air , you can bet your sweet pension that it 's not going to be the last one flying . 
  now you 're just being a dick . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why are we even talking about the nuclear option ? 
  we all know that 's a genie nobody wants to let out of the bottle . 
  i think he meant more that people seem to think that cartoony , mustache-twirling supervillains whose only motive is `` for teh eeeeeeeeeevulz '' is something that putin is in real life . 
  which is preposterous , of course , as you know , he does n't even have a mustache . 
  ehh , you do realize that 's a very common thing with tv crews ? 
  hell , they use the same tactic to make reality show hosts look taller . 
  seems the justification was that she 's vulnerable to blackmail that way . 
  ofc i have no clue how much that was the case ... 
  damn , i was sure that 's how he keeps looking a decade younger than he is . 
  it is as it is with most crimes , ` specially of the violent kind . 
  the most common environments where they happen are overlooked .
