  yes . 
  the lack of definition is exactly the problem . 
  i am aware essential services should take priority , but we need to have a clear definition for what counts as `` essential '' first . 
  i would n't trust `` the markets '' any further than i could throw them . 
  convenient , ainnit ? 
  mine too . 
  and historically , when european nations got nationalistic and started to push each other around , bad stuff happened . 
  ca n't we get a fiscal union first ? 
  first secure the foundations of a common european budget before trying to fund a common european army ? 
  this is the day when i learned that `` buttress '' was a word . 
  pfsh . 
  it is you who has no idea how this works !, 
  i mean , you think journalism is about * stating facts * ? 
  you are a fool !, 
  it 's all about half-truths , insinuations , and click-bait . 
  on a more serious note , yeah , i looked into it myself , and it is as you say . 
  and yes , it would be kinda appropriate for the media to check their facts before spewing bullshit . 
  as i always say , bullshit * can * be good fertilizer , but too much of it is just gon na smother anything useful that might grow otherwise . 
  you 're way off the mark on that one . 
  have n't been a kid since ... forever , it feels now . 
  but i guess i need to explicitly state when i 'm being sarcastic , huh . 
  i think ( and i 'd say i think most countries would say the same ) the attitude around here is `` pretending they do n't exist '' . 
  which is pretty ... well , dehumanizing . 
  i. . . do n't know . 
  at least in slovenia ( though , okay , not even warsaw pact , much less soviet , but definitely ex-socialist ) , mostly of it was spun like `` hey , we can get into the cool kids ' treehouse now '' . 
  we had the eu and nato referendums on the same day . 
  eu was 90 % in favor , nato only about 65 % . 
  i 'd have preferred it myself to stay neutral like our northern neighbors . 
  though i do generally agree that especially the baltic states , and poland likely did join nato in a large part to be safe from russia . 
  generally do n't go into large crowds and listen to everyone if you value it . 
  internet gives everyone a platform but i sometimes really ca n't handle * so many people talking at once * . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd prefer dying on my own terms rather than someone else 's . 
  i 'd almost be inclined to take that deal , since it would sorta turn the shape of slovenia from `` chicken '' to `` chicken flapping its wings '' and that 'd be kind of awesome . 
  since when is austria part of bavaria ? 
  i mean lederhosen and all . 
  also , that sounds a bit overly dramatic , if hypo blows up the european banking system i 'll be rather impressed . 
  but hey , if carinthia gets `` cut off '' maybe we can annex it and punish it for voting the other way back in 1920 . 
  ( i 'm kidding on this one ), 
  good post . 
  i like it . 
  shit like this * will * happen again , it 's just inevitable . 
  our monetary system pretty much depends on debt and credit to function . 
  i mean , if people ( and countries ) stopped taking loans , things would get pretty ugly . 
  sometimes anomalies like this will appear ; sometimes on a personal , sometimes on a national level . 
  europe 's dealing with a lot of shit right now as it is . 
  and i wonder what 's the price of not having golden dawn to win on next greek elections . 
  you agree it 's sad to see it ? 
  yeah , see , that 's what i mean . 
  i only use this argument on people who are all `` fuck 'em , they had it coming '' and all . 
  because the `` they '' that had it coming have actually shifted their bill onto the next generation . 
  i do n't actually have a solution for it ( if i had one , i 'd be the next nobel peace laureate , since as you said , there are other countries dealing with that or worse , and i 'd save them all !, 
  ) , i 'm just suggesting it might not be as simplistic as pictured . 
  well , that 's pretty much obvious . 
  a strong eu is a threat for russian interests , and vice versa , it seems . 
  we should do more tectonics research , maybe we can create a new fault and finally divorce ourselves from russia . 
  or get them divorced from us , what with relativity of movement , and all . 
  as long as we 're next to each other we 'll have to deal with this kind of crap every now and then . 
  not really . 
  the ones paying the price are not the ones who racked up the bill . 
  it 's easy to go the `` moral '' route , but you 're forgetting that the people who are paying the price likely were n't even able to vote 15 years go . 
  oh for cryin out loud ... 
  well , this is a classic case of what 's better for us is worse for them , and vice versa ; that 's why we 're in conflict in the first place . 
  i 'm just saying that we have no reason ( or for that matter , * right * ) to expect that another country will submit to our terms just because we want it to . 
  just like putin has no reason or right to expect that we 'll submit to * his * terms just because that 's what he wants . 
  oh , he is a very pragmatic man , yes , and not stupid at all . 
  that 's why i cringe a little every time someone describes him as an idiot blinded by ideology and ussr nostalgia . 
  he 's a lot of bad things , but that is n't one of them . 
  well , i 'm not denying that , but at least he does n't seem to think `` restoring ussr by force * right nao * '' is something he should do , as opposed to zyuganov who thinks exactly that . 
  exactly , that 's what i mean . 
  a country in economic ruin is n't exactly the environment to attract the democratic and liberal type when it comes to power shifts . 
  * especially * not if that country 's political structure is basically built around more or less one person . 
  if that person goes , you have a power vacuum , and * that will get ugly * . 
  to put it differently , imagine yugoslavia had completed its nuclear weapons program ( it was halted because it was simply too expensive ) . 
  now , imagine serbia and croatia would have had a couple nukes each in the 90s . 
  even with conventional weaponry , it was a * massacre * . 
  and bosnia and kosovo are * still * completely ruined . 
  and russia will just roll over and take the punch without trying to fight back , just because we really , really want it to , right ? 
  the `` hey , have we mentioned the stressed russian economy today yet ? '', 
  line of news is getting really old . 
  18 months does sound reasonable . 
  but do we have a strategy for then ? 
  the thing is , * what * kind of shit will hit the fan ? 
  call me pessimistic , but i doubt `` a truly democratic election '' is going to get anywhere near close to kremlin in that environment . 
  are we betting on another guy we can get drunk so he 'll sign whatever we want ? 
  the long-term strategy of this entire affair is just lost on me , i do n't even get if there is one . 
  i mean , there 's a lot of political pressure put on putin himself , since he 's basically consolidated pretty much all the power in russia in his office . 
  so currently our strategy is pretty much `` unless he does what we want him to , putin has to go . '', 
  but even assuming that `` shit hitting the fan '' sweeps him out of that office of his ( which , again , call me pessimistic , i would n't actually bet on ) , what then ? 
  how do we keep vultures like zyuganov out of it ? 
  basically , what i 'm saying ... i 'd like to see more long-term news and predictions rather being told , day after day , the stuff i already know since the first time it 's been said . . 
  russia does n't exactly place the same value on a soldier 's life as we do . 
  `` we 've got reserves '' and `` if all else fails , scorch the earth and retreat , then laugh at the enemy conquering a burned-down wasteland '' has been their military doctrine since ... well , ever . 
  but , this does put russia into an interesting position . 
  they ca n't really comment on deaths of the soldiers that `` officially '' are n't actually there . 
  i wonder how that 's going to go down . 
  well , unrelated to the issue at hand , but going `` fuck this , i 've got places to be and things to do '' is not `` backing off '' , it 's `` not wasting your time '' . 
  tho in this case , the matter needs to be handled . 
  problem is we simply ca n't `` divorce '' russia and europe so we 'll be dealing with this kind of shenanigans until the time of sovereign nation-states is over . 
  in diplo-language , `` if necessary '' basically means `` we 're going to do this sometime soon , we just need to compare notes first '' .
