  but we need to make sure * everyone * knows that russia is evil and putin is literally hitler !, 
  wait no , sidious . 
  he 's literally darth sidious . 
  maybe they were going for `` oh , those guys are so conspicuous that the westerners wo n't even consider it possible that they 're spies '', 
  oh , depends on which one we 'd prefer . 
  well , give it time , it will happen eventually again , not necessarily in greece ... but it will happen somewhere , sometime . 
  but that 's just it ... when your options are a rock and a hard place , people tend to go with the devil they know . 
  i figured , i am opposed to it too , at least without any coordination with the libyan government . 
  you do n't want to move here , then . 
  on the other hand , the sentiment seems to be improving lately , there 's less dirty laundry in public since the current government took power . 
  they 're not perfect , but at least they 're trying to fix the mess , and people have started to acknowledge that instead of demanding that the state should cater to them . 
  my grandfather used to say `` bad order is better than no order '' . 
  i did n't always agree , but i see where he was coming from ... a tyrant still seems to be less bad than total anarchy when it comes to death toll and disorder . 
  not sure i agree , as i said , but i understand what he meant . 
  your approval fills me with shame :(, 
  what can i say , our political culture is n't anything to write home about . 
  the fact that `` new '' parties tend to be `` failed old parties under different names '' is n't helping . 
  in the last 8 or so years , we had not one but two parties who took a majority in the elections fade into obscurity , and get recycled under a new name . 
  it 's infurinating . 
  the problem is n't only in politics , though . 
  the problem is that people still seem to have this weird thought process that `` all our problems are getting fixed right nao !!!!, 
  or we 'll just punish anyone who tried and failed , and keep voting for the guys who did nothing but bog down the democratic process '' . 
  i mean , i do my part to try and fight that sentiment , but i 'm only one vote ... so i ca n't turn this thing around by myself ... 
  you forgot `` but they 're being punished for being successful ! '', 
  other than that , yes , i agree . 
  that 's what i get for not keeping up with the news !, 
  makes a lot more sense now , yes . 
  i 'm not talking about the pilot or control tower , but more like , the one who miscalculated the fuel needed . 
  well , let 's assume the drug dealer will pick a fight instead of surrendering ( a reasonable assumption ) , which leads to a confrontation in which a lot of my stuff is damaged - stuff unrelated to the dealings of that criminal . 
  now , if i have accepted that risk beforehand by telling you , yes , you can come to my house and deal with that asshole because i 'm not equipped to ( i 'm too weak , i 'm too afraid of him or his buddies ... ) , that 's something different than you coming in and causing damage to my property without my permission - even if you evicted someone that was causing me problems , i 'm still going to be a bit ticked at you and at least demand that you cover the damages . 
  `` violation of territorial integrity '' not an `` attack '' ? 
  i 'm , uh , sorry , but that just does n't fly . 
  `` russia is not attacking ukraine , it 's just violating ukraine 's territorial integrity '' . 
  it 's an attack . 
  the discussion is whether or not if it 's a * justifiable * attack . 
  i 'm going to be boring and say it depends on many factors , and that since europe has some responsibility for the current situation in libya , we need to do something about it . 
  i 'm not against hitting specific targets of the human traffickers , but the folks we 're paying for making these decisions should consider all the information that they have - including the information that they have and i do n't . 
  `` taxing '' the families that benefited from corruption and tax evasion ? 
  how about `` seizing their illegally acquired assets '' instead ? 
  as of right now , nothing has been done yet . 
  i wonder what 's going to happen , though . 
  no no , i mean i 'm being discriminatory against immigrants based on what my favorite sports are  i 'm also mostly kidding , but from the canadians i know , at least , i would n't mind them coming here !, 
  not if they end up being the de facto policy makers because they know the coalition will fall apart without them , while only holding a couple of seats . 
  we have one such party , it 's been in every government so far , no matter who won , and made it its mo to go `` we do this my way , or i walk '' . 
  just americans and canadians . 
  australians are n't a hockey nation . 
  i 'm being sportsist , you see . 
  ah yes , the ~ ~ conclave of soul drinkers from the sixth dimension ~ ~ government ... you know what amazes me about that ? 
  with as low as the approval ratings are , the same folks still keep being elected . 
  i mean , not even over here we 're that weird , and we sure do like to blame politics for everything . 
  one problem with proportional is that the smaller parties , at least here , tend to know they 're the pivot when coalitions are being negotiated , and manage to extort a lot more concessions than their representation would project . 
  however , that 's not a failing of the system itself , i guess , more the fact that our second largest party is a bunch of assholes nobody wants to work with ( and they do n't want to work with anyone who would n't worship their supremacy ) . 
  anyway , i am in favor of proportional , but we should add preferential voting too . 
  i think everyone agrees that `` antagonizing russia more than necessary '' is n't a good idea as we have no reason to do it . 
  that 's not a contested point , the contested point is what is necessary . 
  indeed ... that 's something so many `` experts '' have forgotten . 
  that 's why you should n't use autocorrect if you want a bunch of boomsticks for a military exercise . 
  yeah , that is true . 
  i would make a rather snarky comment about taxes at this point , but wo n't  anyway , i hope the entire ukraine situation somehow miraculously turns around . 
  well , if all of mine and all of everyone else 's do that , that 'd be kind of neat . 
  then maybe we could solve international disputes with chess games or hockey games or bloodsports or something . 
  but it would never happen :(, 
  yeah , and i 'd be more in control of what happens to my money that way , even . 
  listen , buying your buddies a round of beer would just feel weird if you did n't slap some cash on the table in the process . 
  as a european taxpayer i feel my duty to throw money into ukraine to stick it to the russkies , even when i could have used it myself . 
  oh who am i kiddin ' ... 
  usa ? 
  acting alone ? 
  would n't it be more like , `` a coalition of the willing , v2 '' ? 
  obviously , we 'd have no tax havens on the planet anymore . 
  there 's nothing more disgusting than people who think others should wage war on their behalf . 
  i have no idea to be completely honest . 
  different parade . 
  * right outside the martian capitol , `` wibble '' . 
  oh you , daily mail ... 
  according to this map , ukraine can not into europe while belarus can . 
  i , for one , think there definitely should be an upper limit of how much dating you can do before operating heavy machinery , vehicles , blankets or frying pans . 
  also , carbon dating should also count against that upper limit . 
  i remove kebab often . 
  is delicious , so removing it into my stomach . 
  most of my experience is limited to the latvian national hockey team , and we sometimes do have trouble pronouncing them over here ... 
  oh for crying out loud , greater albania sentiment ? 
  http://www.24ur.com/novice/svet/prebivalce-kumanova-prebudili-streli-in-eksplozije.html google translate of first paragraph : `` in the area of the macedonian town of kumanovo prevailing emergency situation . 
  the police intervened , having received information that the predominantly albanian town pitched armed terrorist group . 
  responsibility for the attacks , according to local media reports over the kosovo liberation army '', 
  if that 's the case , someone 's getting fired over wastefulness . 
  beat sweden at hockey ? 
  how about `` theys sticks s-s ats thes ends ofs everys words sos theys ares verys interestings tos listens tos '' ? 
  why was this downvoted ? 
  it 's correct . 
  `` slavi schiavi '' and all that ... 
  eh , the law has n't been used since 1933 . 
  which is a very good reason to just strike it off the books . 
  always in favor of getting rid of outdated laws that have n't been enforced in ages . 
  but there 's nip slips and celebrity divorces and royal babies and all that stuff !, 
  and the internet !, 
  and good hockey . 
  definitely good hockey . 
  seriously , this year 's nhl playoff is crazy . 
  he knows what the difference between `` fire '' and `` fire at '' means for the pr .
