  would they nuke their own territory , the parts where the `` green men '' were active ? 
  y' know , killing your own civilians in nuclear blasts in order to get rid of a bunch of foreign operatives is n't something that would go down all that well with the rest of the world . 
  and if they just issued a threat of nuclear retaliation , that would n't go down well with the rest of the world either . 
  how would nuclear capability on the side of ukraine make it any easier to sweep out the `` green men '' , assuming that of course the government in kiev does n't want to nuke its own country which means they 'd still have to sweep them out conventionally - something they have failed at as it is . 
  * this can not be !, 
  it 's just unsc business as usual . 
  why the hell is this news anyway ? 
  it was obviously done just to kick up some dust in the media . 
  * everybody knew * russia was going to veto it . 
  that 's almost as bad as hooligans knocking over a dustbin in shaftesbury !, 
  no but really , earthquakes are iffy business even if they 're weak . 
  oh , russia does well to enforce * those * laws . 
  it 's only anti-corruption laws when putin 's friends are involved that mysteriously disappear . 
  must be aliens , or ghosts , really . 
  oh , let 's talk about lgbt representation in video games instead , every self-proclaimed western middle-class lgbt activist thinks that 's a more pressing matter . 
  i 'm talking regions , not countries . 
  that 's why i did not capitalize `` western '' . 
  while the eastern part is obviously under the `` barbarian '' influence of russia , i ca n't say the western part is part of the `` free world '' . 
  implying western ukraine is `` free world '' . 
  oh , you 're killing me . 
  while the guy 's an irredeemable ponce , it never ceases to amaze me how some others just have to make this about themselves . 
  i was more thinking the frankfurt stock exchange , and ecb hq for wacky financial hijinks , since frankfurt is kind of the biggest financial center in germany . 
  not really , because the electorate still lacks a `` european '' identity . 
  but yes , it has to happen if the euro is to survive . 
  south dakota ? 
  jeez . 
  had to get stuck with the state even the president did n't feel was worth visiting until all others were checked off :(, 
  pffft , no , it has frankfurt . 
  that 's where the money is !, 
  that 's just the thing , they 're not , we have plenty of loaded people many of whom got to their riches via dubious means . 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  unfortunately , you 're wrong , there 's no legal provision for expulsion from the ez once you 're in it , there 's even no legal provision for leaving it voluntarily . 
  seems the lawmakers wanted it to be a permanent thing when the treaties were being written . 
  and that was a huge problem , because without it being written in the treaties , everyone had their own idea on how to handle the entire mess , that 's why the ez was split between those who advocated for having greece return to drachma , and those who advocated against it . 
  if you fail to meet the criteria you 're subject to measures from the commission , but that 's pretty much it . 
  the problem with the euro is that having a common currency without an underlying fiscal/banking/transfer union is going to lead to ... well , the greek scenario . 
  fair point . 
  i 'll need to think on this . 
  i can see your point . 
  kosovo did set a precedent , even if most countries refused , and still do , to accept it as precedent - especially the ones with unruly territories of their own . 
  i think canada was quite clear with `` this is n't , and ca n't be a precedent , i 'm looking at you , quebec '' for example . 
  but well , it definitely was going to be and is used as a precedent by some interested parties . 
  the union fails . 
  that has the nasty tendency to backfire eventually . 
  i mean , there 's two kinds of putin critics . 
  those who think he 's too authoritarian , and those who think he 's not authoritarian enough . 
  i could imagine they would cooperate with the goal of bringing putin down , and when the country is a mess , they 'd be hard to tell apart ( as would their supporters , because they would only be united in `` down with putin !, 
  '' ) , which would be a problem . 
  well right now , those who do n't honor their commitments , get fined . 
  i also hope that eventually the state of mind in europe changes to more long term thinking , so that by honoring commitments , everyone is better off . 
  maybe i was being a little too cynical , then , 
  slovenia is way too low , should be redder . 
  well of course greece would get the german financial center . 
  i think not only serbia would protest against that . 
  greece , macedonia , possibly croatia and italy might not like it , either . 
  i 'm against opt outs simply because i want all member states to be subject to the same rules , without exceptions . 
  well , not ... really . 
  an analogy would be if kosovo , after declaring independence , decided to join albania . 
  i agree , i 'm just saying that point needed to be clarified . 
  also , i will stop here because i do n't want to get into whataboutism . 
  at least not any deeper . 
  well , your first point was `` we have to punish russia for * violating the sovereignty of another nation * , because if we do n't , they 'll do it again and again . '', 
  nothing about annexations there ; and the listed examples very much are violations of sovereignty . 
  okay , but we need to keep in mind that `` removing putin from office '' is n't the end of it . 
  that 's going to be a huge power vacuum there left behind . 
  and those are generally a bad thing , so plans to handle them need to be made ahead of the time . 
  yeah , but i would hazard a guess that those would mostly agree because they think the eu is some sort of american greece - a bottomless pit you 're shoving resources into for zero or negative returns . 
  usa actually * should * do some annexing of the pacific territories that are * de facto * theirs ( like guam and american samoa ) , so that the people living there get the same voting rights and representation in the congress , and the like . 
  nothing in international politics is a matter of morality . 
  i dare bet money to say your reasons are much more pragmatic - russia has been fucking with poland so much , you think that some payback is in order , and want to send a clear message you wo n't get fucked over by them again . 
  and i do n't disagree with that !, 
  i just disagree with it being a `` moral '' decision . 
  nah , like i said in the thread about the arbitration clusterfuck , both slovenia and croatia should revoke the claim on the disputed territory , build a fence around it , and send our politicians there . 
  oh we can easily do that with exporting more of that `` soccer '' and making them play `` cricket '' instead of `` baseball '' , and sending them lots of french and italian tourists , and make some sort of team for their `` football '' that beats their super bowl winner every year so that they ca n't be called `` world champions '' anymore . 
  `` they want to be hungry ? 
  ( yes , i know this joke is as bad as the one about german sausages being `` the wurst '' , but i had to ), 
  indeed , they 're free to leave , that 's why i 'm saying there should eventually be a zero tolerance policy on opt-outs . 
  you take the whole package that is the eu , or you do n't . 
  myeah he 's too much of a pushover at times , especially when it comes to erjavec . 
  still , i think at the time , he was the best option we had , and i am glad to see that the hostile rhetoric in our political space has died down . 
  i mean , i know a guy who would call you a `` brainwashed zombie '' if you disagreed with him ... i 'm glad that kind of nonsense is over . 
  that was an awesome story , i giggled a lot on that one . 
  190 cm , give or take a few . 
  because you voted `` no '' !, 
  okay , more seriously , tho , i suppose it 's grouped under uk . 
  this eu has no future . 
  it 's in an unstable limbo-like state , even if that 's only showing in the peripheral regions for now , it 's going to spread if nothing is done . 
  tighter integration is needed to stabilize the patient , so to speak . 
  after that , eventually ( couple decades , give or take ) getting rid of the opt-outs some member states have got for themselves . 
  alternatively , try to keep the lid on for as long as we can then `` enjoy '' the fireworks when it finally gives . 
  and then pitting them into an arena where they have to out-homework each other while he collects the ticket fees . 
  this . 
  oh , so very much , this !, 
  eh , i dunno , i think some grudging cooperation for mutual benefit is the best we can do , really . 
  we 're not ending the sanctions unilaterally . 
  our pm just noted that they 're hurting our economy and that he 'll bring it up with the eu . 
  as long as the eu is imposing sanctions , we 're doing it to , we 're not bailing . 
  yeah , no . 
  it 's by no means a perfect government we have , and it 's handling a few things rather badly , but it definitely is n't `` bribed by russians '' . 
  dunno , driving the company 's dokker i had no such complaints even when i had to go for real long drives , and i 'm a rather tall one myself .
