  shitty . 
  liar . 
  also , no , you do n't give a shit about my well-being . 
  you do n't even know me . 
  you likely think i 'm sexually confused and in my late teens early 20s , and about to tell me `` it 's just a phase '' for all i know . 
  you maybe do give a shit patronizing me , i suppose . 
  but you do n't give a shit about someone you do n't even know . 
  do n't pretend you do . 
  well those filthy liberal state shills ai n't going to tell * me * paying taxes should be a right !, 
  pagan traditions are still very much alive , and heavens , people still know the pagan deities of old , such as svarog , or odin , or quetzalcoatl ... ( remember , `` paganism '' pretty much means `` religions other than the abrahamic big three '' ), 
  i think the fact that you do n't give two shits about me or my well-being is a pretty safe assumption . 
  but if i 'm wrong , well , if you do care , what are you prepared to do for me without a benefit to yourself ? 
  nothing ? 
  myeah , well . 
  that means you do n't give two shits . 
  your approval fills me with shame . 
  i do n't see what 's simple about it . 
  if you have the mental acumen to explain it like i 'm at-least-25 ( which means `` do n't act like you 're talking to a prepubescent kid '' ) , then please go ahead . 
  that 's my point . 
  the opponents of the law act as if the `` natural order of things , kid needs father and mother '' is okay to apply when it comes to same-sex marriage , but at the same time it 's ok if it 's ignored when ... other circumstances mean a kid only has one parent . 
  since you do n't give two shits about me or my well-being , how about you shove your unsolicited advice where the sun do n't shine , hm ? 
  i only take advice from people who care about me . 
  you are n't one of those . 
  and i 'm sure today 's referendum results ( that are only valid for a year , mind ) are going to do something about those poor children living with only one parent ... ... or are they ? 
  when you say `` where do we draw the line '' ; i say `` see , right there '' . 
  but if you find a working polygamous relationship involving 151 people please do let me know . 
  * i kind of want to see that . 
  oh , i 'm totally fine with different sets of values . 
  for example , i never ridicule fiscal conservatives , because i can see merits to their arguments even if i disagree . 
  care to rephrase ? 
  if they can manage a relationship with 151 people in which none of the 151 people feels uncomfortable with consenting to it , then that would be a considerable achievement . 
  but yes , it such a relationship were to happen ( and i doubt it can because human beings are still possessive even if ` liberal ' ) , yes , it 's a legitimate relationship . 
  oh you * ca n't * tell ? 
  well why act like you know what i meant then . 
  threesomes are perfectly fine between consenting adults . 
  and we should look into how to redefine `` family '' to accommodate them legally . 
  next ? 
  i do ? 
  which relationships do i find absurd , pray tell ? 
  do * not * try to reverse-psychology me . 
  their approval might also fill me with shame . 
  it depends on the issue , really . 
  in practice , this means a one-year moratorium . 
  a referendum can only put a law on hold for one year according to our legislation . 
  it 's still bloody annoying tho . 
  your approval fills me with shame . 
  makes two of us . 
  if your argument only works in ideal circumstances , it 's worthless . 
  period . 
  bloody annoying . 
  luckily , in practice this only means a one-year moratorium . 
  but it 's still bloody annoying . 
  and honestly , i 'm staying off the news sites for a few days . 
  yeah well , tough titties for them , right ? 
  seriously , quit trying to appeal to my `` liberal leanings '' or whatever . 
  i 'm quite capable of being a petty little asshole , and i am not ashamed of that , 
  contrary to popular belief , tolerance is n't an all-or-nothing thing . 
  do n't try to reverse-psychology me here , 
  it follows , though . 
  widowers and widows , single parents , are , according to your philosophy , unnatural and harmful to a kid that needs a mother and a father . 
  so at the least they should lose custody of their kids to someone who can provide `` both parents '' . 
  ... yeah , that 's also true . 
  no need to pretend . 
  that 's exactly what happened today . 
  separation of church and state ? 
  no , people were pushed on to the referendum right after the sunday sermon . 
  and it 's not the first time it happened . 
  so , we should haul widows and widowers to the prison because their children do n't have both a mother and a father ? 
  you 're a fucking disgrace to both the nation * and * to the species . 
  oh really . 
  then tell me why last time you called a referendum to reject the law you say would be acceptable now ? 
  seriously , the `` suggestions '' from the opponents i was hearing now were exactly the same thing they themselves moved to shoot down a couple of years ago . 
  but hey why do n't you go burn another book , or something . 
  your approval fills me with shame . 
  bloody annoying . 
  guess we 'll need to wait a few years before this can be tried again . 
  it * will * pass eventually . 
  having had the displeasure to meet primc personally a while ago thanks to some circumstances relating to my work , all i can say is , i want to punch him in the face . 
  my point was more this : if you and me sign an agreement that i 'll paint your house and you 'll pay me for it , but you 're rich and powerful and i 'm not , you can get away with not paying because i ca n't afford a legal expert to help me take you to court over it , and even if i could , i 'd likely need to spend more money than what you owe me . 
  if the situation is reversed , and you 're painting my house and i 'm paying , then i better pay or you 'll come down at me hard to extract what i owe you . 
  as for constitutions , they can be amended and sometimes should be in order to get on with the times . 
  for example , if there was a un resolution passed that every member state needs to make access to clean drinking water a constitutional right , the states would need to amend the constitutions to include that right to be in accordance with such a resolution . 
  but there 's no mechanism to actually enforce such stuff . 
  yes yes , i know , we need proofs . 
  you do n't win the game of chicken . 
  it inevitably leads to a crash at some point . 
  0/10 , no live accordion on stage . 
  implying international law can be enforced on sovereign states . 
  i mean , the fact that it 's not possible to do such a thing is causing us a lot of problems as it is , power players ignore international law whenever they can get away with it . 
  but where 's the proofs ? 
  let 's see how many people did n't actually read it was a civilian helicopter before posting . 
  they have good relations with a certain western power , but the values do n't seem to have rubbed off on them any . 
  got ta do this in eu4 . 
   because the eu is an economic group and not a moral union ? 
  the idea is better relations lead to an adoptions of western morals . 
  the saudis would like to have a word with you , i suppose . 
  that stuff is horrible , yes . 
  `` the west 's strongest ally '' ? 
  turkey ai n't going to like that . 
  ... that 's whataboutism too .
