  usually white , upper middle class , late teens/early twenties . 
  so i suspect it 's more of a phase than actual conviction . 
  they 're just acting out their ancient heritage . 
  vandals . 
  get it ? 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  only a good guy with a ~ ~ grenade ~ ~ tennis racket can stop a bad guy with a grenade . 
  i think the talk is about that handful of nutcases who preach that `` rapist '' is the natural state of a man , and that men can not be rape victims , but only perpetrators , and the ones that start screaming `` rape '' if a guy looks at them for more than two seconds . 
  we 're not ? 
  i thought you already declared yourself judge , jury , and executioner . 
  tho granted , that 's not a tribunal , that 's more of a kangaroo court . 
  `` i * told * you to not drive the company car outside the country , ivan ! '', 
  splash attacks for everyone !, 
  wrong place to ask . 
  we 're just average internet dwellers here . 
  we 're no experts on economics , demographics , and politics , on average . 
  broken clocks being twice right a day ; the un does have a point in saying that migration is n't going to magically stop on its own . 
  i actually have a preferred team in most other leagues , but no `` one favorite foreign team '' . 
  terrorism in its current form is a relatively new invention , since it 's facilitated by the advent of mass media , and ever faster travel . 
  back in the 30s , you could n't blow up a place in spain and have the americans care about it and be afraid you 'll board the next plane from madrid to jfk if you 're not caught . 
  they were economic migrants . 
  and remember , these days `` economic migrant '' actually means `` disgusting piece of lazy shit who wants to mooch off welfare '' if you read / r/europe . 
  i think it 's not about `` illegal immigration '' ; i think it 's about `` economic migration '' . 
  it was mostly because they lost 6-1 , and their head coach is a moron , calling them all off the ice . 
  edit : we 're talking about a guy who did this last year : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qej8lxshizw ( about 30 seconds in . 
  also , he 's actually latvian , but has been with russian hockey for a while , and i 'd be willing to bet that latvians are happy to be rid of him ) . 
  on a different note , i always found it weird to have the anthem * after * the confetti . 
  am hack is a bigger story than snowden at this point . 
  as long as he gets convicted for what he actually did ( i do n't actually know , i just read some short tidbits ) , then yes , `` ok '' . 
  well , i think so - * if * that aid is sent not in form of only money , but also in form of skilled experts to help stabilize and modernize the countries , develop infrastructure and so on . 
  not like that will happen , but it would help to send over some people who know what they 're doing instead of just dropping more moolah on whatever faction warlord we happen to support today . 
  well okay , if he really wanted to rob them , then he really wanted to rob them . 
  it 's still a crime !, 
  slovenia can not into relevance :(, 
  i know . 
  he put his dedication into a completely wrong effort . 
  well , i suppose they need that cheese to go with their whine tho . 
  that 's ... just ... i do n't even . 
  soundproof room ? 
  he built a bloody * soundproof room * ? 
  now if that guy put his dedication towards something constructive instead , like science , he 'd be a nobel laureate . 
  as he is now , he 's just a slimebag . 
  well , sounds like every day on / r/europe, 
  a broken clock being right twice a day , i think farage is right about this one . 
  ttip is a nuanced thing you ca n't whip up people into a nationalist frenzy over . 
  immigration you can boil down to a simple us against them narrative . 
  ttip you ca n't , because the `` them '' is n't someone your average bigot can punch in the face . 
  it 's not about what 's `` important '' , but about how to appeal to emotions most easily . 
  but neither `` alcoholic '' nor `` casino owner '' are a race ? 
  me no understant , why ca n't someone eli5 ?!!, 
  ! 1one, 
   yugoslavia was defacto part of eastern bloc ( eg : you could n't travel to western countries only to communist countries ) . 
  also i could n't travel to austria but i could spend my vacation in yugoslavia without any problem . 
  i could travel to austria and italy . 
  yugoslav passports could get you around the west , which is why they were pretty hot stuff on the black market , because you could travel anywhere with them . 
   i grew up in the communist times . 
  yugoslavia was never neutral as you think . 
  it was a puppet state of soviet union , as now serbia still is . 
  there 's no denying that yugoslavia was socialist . 
  but , it was n't part of the bloc after 1948 , nor was it part of the warsaw pact , not was it behind the curtain . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito%e2%80%93stalin_split now of course , in the 80s and 90s the entire balkan clusterfuck happened anyway and all hell broke loose . 
  you mean the guy who told stalin to go fuck himself in 1948 , left the comintern , and was one of the heads of the non-aligned movement ? 
  he also sent stalin sympathizers to goli otok . 
  yugo was not part of the warsaw pact or eastern bloc . 
  it was non-aligned . 
  all hail the great shark-manhandler !, 
  reading this thread and i have one question . 
  since when is `` muslim '' an ethnicity ? 
  i did n't get the memo , when did they change that ? 
  but `` teuton-ness '' sounds better . 
  ... `` sometimes '' ? 
  none that i know of , actually . 
  they never got this far . 
  and after 1948 , we were out of moscow 's sphere of influence , anyway . 
  i was going for `` quality '' there . 
  switzerland , i guess ? 
  schengen is definitely more important . 
  but now you do and all is well :d, 
  greece won the euro 2004 . 
  get your narrative straight , has ukraine been invaded , or `` not yet , but will be this fall '' ? 
  let 's just go to war again , it 's like 50 years overdue by now . 
  i 'm sure we can find some reason to do that , if nothing else , something in the balkans , as always . . that 'll stop migrants from coming . 
  hey , at least you won the thing before . 
  again ? 
  and that creates revenue for apple and demand for iphones , which in turn incentivizes apple to produce more of them which can create additional employments , etc. 
  the fact that they have skewed priorities is irrelevant - that money is being returned to the economy , and the economy benefits from that . 
  to say that because someone on welfare spent some cash on a new phone that means that money has been devoured by a black hole never to be seen again is nothing short of idiotic . 
  indeed . 
  if it grew on trees , it would be more difficult to put into the economy and there would be a lot less of it in circulation . 
  good luck explaining that to people tho ... 
  you 're on to something , i can tell . 
  of course it does n't , most of it is created literally out of nothing . 
  if it grew on trees it would be a limited commodity . 
  consumer buying power is good for business . 
  that 's horrible . 
  i think it 's important to understand that even within out own respective countries/nations , we have bad apples , people who commit acts like this . 
  instead of trying to pretend like he 's not `` really '' finnish , i 'd say take it as a reminder that no nation is perfect , and that any nation can spawn some weirdo jackass like that guy . 
  on a more to-the-point note , tho ; what he 's doing might cause problem for finland , and i believe the administration has grounds to press charges against him . 
  depending on just how involved he gets , i suppose , but i do expect at least some level of communication on the kiev-helsinki line about this either way ... 
  do n't worry , they 're not american-hipster-tumblr-middle-class .
