  you tackle him . 
  an obviously aggressive play . 
  yet , you still did it in defense of your goal . 
  wait ... * usa * unleashing hordes of moose ? 
  i 'd be all for that . 
  as for the article itself , i 'm mostly just confused . 
  because it 's 4.30 am and i just got off work and need to sleep . 
  so i guess i 'll re-read it in the morning . 
  i think that 's not really important at this point ... if you 're in a burning house , arguing about who 's at fault for the fire is n't a good survival tactic . 
  but is it crazy enough to work ? 
  sure , i think there are mechanisms in place for a citizens ' initiative to push for a referendum , yes ? 
  well , now that i think of it ... if this was a movie , we 'd overwhelmingly root for the underdog . 
  hey , if usa is willing to work with * iran * against isis , then russia is n't that much of a long shot . 
  the uk was stalin before stalin was even a thing . 
  such hipsters . 
  more like the * final * step . 
  no , because if greece goes into a new election , the tsipras government effectively loses the mandate to negotiate on this , and the negotiations ca n't continue until a new government with full mandate is formed . 
  politics as usual , then ? 
  famous last words :d, 
  technically , those decisions are the same . 
  they are sworn in to make decisions in the name of the people , after all . 
  new election would have the same result . 
  greece would simply not have a government that would be eligible to accept any kind of deal , and go into default unless a last-second extension was drafted . 
  the difference between a referendum and a snap election at this point would be merely academic , while practically it would have the exact same immediate consequences . 
  seconded . 
  genuine question , 60 % of all greeks , or 60 % of those who have an opinion ? 
  as in , can the `` undecided '' swing it ? 
  oh , just saying it 's easy to say `` x should do y '' when you 're nowhere near either x or y. 
  just like it 's easy to say tough decisions need to be made ... as long as you 're not the one who actually has to make them . 
  eh , i seem to have misinterpreted something then . 
  apologies . 
  it 's not a matter of that , it 's a matter of `` is a week enough for the * people * to get informed on the issue '' . 
  the administration is likely organized enough to hold the referendum * tomorrow * if they wanted to . 
  i think she meant that as a `` motivational threat '' ; and she 's in for a case of `` be careful what you wish for '' . 
  about time someone slashed through this gordian knot . 
  well , it 's about time someone slashed through this gordian knot . 
  they have an obligation to those who voted for them on the basis of this particular issue . 
  remember , tsipras is not as usurper , he was democratically elected . 
  that means that his position is the position of the greek democratic will . 
  and europe , as a whole , simply can not afford to go `` yeah fuck that democracy of yours , we 're doing this my way '' . 
  so what have * you * done to help with this problem ? 
  oh , wait , let me guess . 
  it 's `` somebody else 's problem '' , right ? 
  see , that 's the problem , the mediterranean is a large place to cover , and your coast guard ca n't reasonably handle all of it . 
  how many wizards do you think live in italy ? 
  there 's a twofold issue here . 
  one , acts of terrorism are still going to be legally investigated and the responsible perpetrators tried in court . 
  two , variations of `` patriot act '' are a victory for those who do n't want the people of the world to be free . 
  so , when people say acts of terrorism should be `` ignored '' , they mean that we should not allow those acts to change the way we live * our * lives . 
  they do n't mean that they should n't be investigated . 
  not really , i just noticed more reporting because it happened to happen in places that are closer to us . 
  eh , more like `` too many dudes at the same time '' than `` one particular wrong dude '' . 
  nato : `` yeah . 
  let 's pulverize these isis fuckers , but i 've got my eyes on you again right after . '', 
  yeah , you inevitably get that 0/0/1 potatohead that just does n't want to kick it ... 
  still , communication being fast is a good thing . 
  on the other hand , some things like the political process simply require patience . 
  so personally , if greece goes into a snap election , i think the negotiations should be put on hold , the losses cut ( it 's horrible , i know , but maybe some rich guy will have to wait two months before he buys his seventh yacht ) , and greece should form a new government before continuing them . 
  compromise is right , most of the time , `` compromise the other guy '' . 
  not sure how we could speed that up to be honest . 
  and no , i do n't want to hear anything about ai scenarios , that 's still at least a decade away . 
  tsipras in power makes a greek default likely . 
  tsipras stepping down at this moment * guarantees * it . 
  the entire official reason for the winter war was `` leningrad is so close to the finnish border that in the event of german occupation of finland , it would be in range of the german artillery . 
  we ca n't have that , the border needs to be moved '' . 
  again , completely sound from a strategic point of view , and could technically even be considered defensive . 
  however , i do n't think many finns would agree with that , and neither do i. i 'd say that `` strategically defensive '' can and often does mean `` aggressive '' on the local level . 
  to put it in sports language , a defender tackling an opposing attacker is most definitely engaging in an aggressive play . 
  really ? 
  well , i suppose it 's good that there are people who are able to interpret serious geopolitical problems as `` cheap amusement '' . 
  is merely fabricated the claim so far , they have n't actually occupied the place . 
  their ni 's , plus they likely took quantity , too . 
  sounds like proper western entertainment !, 
  i doubt he 's going to try and make trouble in the west with nothing but catchy slogans . 
  well-traveled then , are you ? 
  anyway , i still have n't a clue what `` the average russian '' has to do with whether or not `` the average brit '' is going to fall for propaganda peddled by most definitely `` not-average russians '' . 
  i do n't doubt you know many average brits ( having lived there ) , but how many average russians , pakistanis , or chinese do you know ? 
  yeah well , technically , we should n't blame others for our own habits ... those are all on us . 
  the moment we realize that is the moment when we 're going to become one awesome nation . 
  as long as we blame the past for our current problems , though , we 'll keep making excuses . 
  `` oh , it 's not my fault that i spend my days in the pub , waiting for a million-euro deal to drop out of the sky so i can show off to my neighbors . 
  it 's because of those guys who are dead now , you see . 
  they are to blame . '', 
  i did n't start smoking because others made me . 
  nor did i quit because others wanted me to . 
  both were my own decisions . 
  seeing as i do n't speak russian , those guys might be arguing over what beer to buy for the party tonight , and i 'd be none the wiser . 
  eeeeehhhh ... thing is , that as far as i see , rt is n't spreading outright `` lies '' . 
  they mostly report `` kind of sort of true from a certain point of view '' stuff . 
  but they of course conveniently forget the fact that do n't fit the narrative ; that 's kind of how propaganda works . 
  take something that 's sort of true , then `` forget '' to mention anything that does n't fit your narrative . 
  for example , rt reports that today , john has punched vladimir in the face ( bad john !, 
  but it `` forgets '' to mention that yesterday , vladimir hacked john 's facebook and posted some shit that got john fired , and that john might have been justified . 
  ca n't kick them out , the only way for a country to leave the eu is voluntarily . 
  i understand and know that perfectly well , thank you very much . 
  you 're not going to prison if you randomly tackle someone , either ( well , as long as you 're white middle class at least ) , but you 're still going to get in trouble and might find out you 're starring in a yt video and everyone 's looking at you funny the next day . 
  `` nor can someone attack you '' ? 
  whether or not the `` someone '' attacks you depends entirely on the `` someone '' in question , the state ca n't do much to physically restrain people from attacking you , and no deterrent is 100 % effective . 
  and if they * do * attack you , then they 're going to face legal consequences , yes ? 
  the state 's inability to prevent any and all attacks against you is not a violation of your free speech - it 's merely the inability to do the impossible .
