  seriously . 
  pragmatism , anyone ? 
  we have a saying in slovenia . 
  `` not even the army can take what you do n't have . '', 
  greece is an interesting test for how `` united '' europe really is . 
  not saying it 's a good test , but it is an interesting one . 
  we 're in for a messy few decades if we set off a disaster dominoes scenario , tho ... 
  tried that in eu4 . 
  the czechs did n't like it , so next thing i knew , i had to fight off half of the hre . 
  well , technically those two things overlap somewhat but yeah , they 're not the same . 
  guess they decided they want to try to take mariupol again ... 
  pretty much . 
  germany , maybe sweden and uk ; i believe france is more known to the north african ones than the middle eastern ones . 
  spain is out of contention as it has its own problems . 
  maybe . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 'm often not sure what to think , really . 
  obviously , bailing as fast as we could was the right choice considering what happened in the 90s , but , you know , those could-have-beens sometimes do get a little incessant . 
  so , what would russia under khodorkovsky be like ? 
  alright . 
  who should they support instead ? 
  `` i do n't know '' and/or `` i do n't care '' are not acceptable answers . 
  your tough talk implies you have a clear alternative . 
  so i hope you can do better than `` anyone who is n't putin '' . 
  i wonder how many of them know what `` slovenia '' is in the first place . 
  the pendulum swings one way , then the other way . 
  most rhetorical devices utilized to oversimplify issues are , really . 
  this pains me . 
  not because of the individual people involved , but because , well ... 
  it 's just historically sad to see such things still happening , i suppose . 
  i 'm an atheist , but i do hope milo\u0161evi\u0107 is burning somewhere . 
  well , i guess you buying electronics `` made in china '' makes you complicit in modern-age slavery and child labor . 
  is n't guilt by association * wonderful * ? 
  i 'm speaking in hypotheticals because i 'm bored , mostly . 
  oh hey , that reminds me of how the folks from the other ex-yugo republics get treated by some of our countrymen here . 
  '' \u00d6sterreich '' is how they call their country in their native language . 
  our central employment service had and likely still has programs like subsidies to employers that hire an under-30 person full-time , and seminars/skill training for under-30 people to make young folks more employable . 
  if you 're 30 or older , you 're outta luck tho . 
  you 're right on the mark with `` senior lobbies '' tho , we 've got a political party for those , and they 're annoying pains-in-the-ass . 
  been in every government so far , always the smallest party , but always having an mo of `` you do n't have a coalition without us , so we do this our way , or we walk . '', 
  i hate them almost as much as i hate sds . 
   it was a nameless land - or rather , nameless to us . 
  so , hypothetically , why did europeans get to do the entire `` manifest destiny '' thing , and not people moving * to * europe - assuming they can pull it off , of course ( which i am willing to bet money they * ca n't * ) ? 
  i mean , personally , i 'd rather not see that happen , but if `` them filthy migrants '' will be the end of our civilization , i would prefer to face such an end with my conscience and dignity intact . 
  and here i was , years ago , hoping that they 'd fade into obscurity once haider kicked it . 
  in the same vein as america full of europeans ceased to be america ? 
  the micro in that one is a bit overbearing even for me , heh ... 
  yes , let 's pretend that after maidan and before the russians got directly involved , the intertrim government was the paragon of fiscal responsibility . 
  ukraine effectively replaced one regime of corrupt fucks with another regime of corrupt fucks . 
  russia is n't helping the matters , but even if the russians leave right now , ukraine 's going to get a lot worse before it gets better . 
  yeah , but i must say ... `` we do not consider it abuse to request a refund on a title that was purchased just before a sale and then immediately rebuying that title for the sale price . '', 
  that 's actually quite a show of good faith on their side . 
  i was n't talking about the result being borderline , i was talking about how a tighter result could have gotten politically messy . 
  i know . 
  think those were added in later with content updates . 
  them 's fighting words . 
  tuscany is where it 's at . 
  yet you keep replying . 
  so , wan na let me have the final word , then ? 
  that 's too much work , i 'd rather work in a cubicle farm and plot world domination at night . 
  i just need some poor sod to actually run the place once i take over , because i 'm too lazy . 
  interested ? 
  low turnout could cast a shadow at the legitimacy of representation though . 
  as in , `` is this truly a proper representation of the will of the people ? '', 
  of course you can argue that those who did n't show up simply do n't care and have no right to complain whatever happens which is technically true , but the political cost of such an attitude is high . 
  referendums like this leave a lot of legal gray areas unless there 's high turnout , and it 's not tight as hell . 
  the scottish referendum was borderline , any tighter than that and it could have sparked debates and pr pitches . 
  it 's even worse to be in your 30s , since you 're just too old to qualify for the programs directed at `` young people '' , but just too young to have benefited from the growth before the crunch . 
  pretty annoying times . 
  i am sure my mom is also ugly , yet you had intercourse with her last night . 
  my point is still going over your head , is n't it ? 
  i 'm saying i do n't believe you actually had the time in your life to speak to that many people . 
  simple as . 
  even going one order of magnitude down would seem a bit much , even if doable . 
  well , add to that one year all the time you need to spend sleeping , working , dealing with people you already do know , hobbies , chores ... and you 'll see why i 'm doubtful . 
  really ? 
  even if you took only 5 minutes for each of them , that would take you an entire year of your life just talking to people you 've never met before . 
  also , using strawpoll does n't count as speaking to people . 
  pick a different one . 
  seriously . 
  sociology is * depressing * once you scratch the surface . 
  well , `` the cure '' is n't for the debtors , it 's for the creditors . 
  what i find funny is that lending money is basically an investment of sorts , and seeing as we 're in capitalism , lenders should accept the risk that those sometimes crash and burn . 
  hey , we need laws that make people miserable . 
  miserable people get very creative and invent stuff , whereas happy people just laze about on beaches drinking cocktails . 
  that 'd be a little like russia seceding from the ussr . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  with the entire focus on ukraine , this is actually something i legitimately do n't know ; does estonia have territorial disputes with russia ? 
  hey , do n't scare tourists away . 
  they 'll figure that out themselves when they visit , 
  yugoslavia was not behind the curtain . 
  but still , come here !, 
  it 's a beautiful place . 
  if only the people living here would figure that out , we 'd be the greatest country on the planet . 
  eh , i still do n't get what 's so funny about shoving them onto morocco . 
  except for the ones that actually come from morocco i mean . 
  eh , everything is politics to some folks . 
  maybe we should make our own periodic table of elements . 
  the one we use was invented by a russian , after all . 
  it does , which makes platini having voted for qatar that much more baffling .
