  wrong subreddit . 
  i 'm sure hardcore anti-anything-that-looks-even-a-little-leftleaning people have one of their own , try there . 
  seriously , `` hispters and marxists '' ? 
  what the fuck . 
  starting with `` for anyone not following '' should have clued me in that it was going to be a self-important opinion piece with no research behind it , actually , so , well , my bad for not realizing that . 
  years ago when we had protests in ljubljana , was just 20k of us , small country and all , but there was a dozen folks who showed up in masks and tried to cause trouble . 
  the rest of us restrained them and handed them over to the police ourselves . 
  but in frankfurt , i suppose there 's a lot more ground to cover and a lot more potential flashpoints ... 
  i dunno , why did they protest against feudalism with a straight face after centuries of nothing else having worked ? 
  well , no , they have their own strategic and geopolitical interests that conflict with ours . 
  it 's more complicated than them just being `` evil '' , and them being `` evil '' is enough exposition to get what 's going on in the movie , but not in reality . 
  imagine for a moment this was n't ukraine , but mongolia . 
  then we 'd likely just watch from the sidelines while russia gets into a diplomatic dispute with china instead . 
  we 'd likely even be all like `` hey , cool , let them take punches at each other , better for us '' . 
  the world is n't black and white , stuff does n't happen in reality `` just because '' . 
  there 's reasons for everything . 
  and yes , we * need * to understand the reasons behind russia 's foreign policy , because that 's the only way we 'll be able to anticipate and deal with their actions . 
  so turns out , letting go of it was , in the long term , a good idea for serbia . 
  right , of course . 
  gah , that 's what i get for starting to read international news half an hour after i wake up . 
  no , `` fucking humans '' . 
  pretending they 're not part of the same species is the worst thing we can do , because that will make us forget that we need to always endeavor to safeguard our own humanity lest we lose it . 
  wait what ? 
  what are they playing at ? 
  i mean , when the regions wanted to join russia as well , russia was like `` nope we 're not taking those '' , so ... yeah ... i have no idea what they 're playing at . 
  interestingly enough , about 7 , 8 years ago i had the chance to talk to the swedish ambassador to slovenia ( do n't ask how , it was a good experience though ) , was john hagard at the time , and i inquired about this too . 
  he pretty much said , i do n't remember it word by word , but along the lines that the swedish welfare systems is great , but that many people try to cheat it for easy coasting , and you need to be careful about letting those in . 
  it 's not about `` being cool with it '' , it 's about `` yeah , i know . 
  i 've known for two decades , i 've gotten used to it by now . '', 
  oh i 'm aware of that . 
  it 's just that it will have to happen if the eu wants to have any hope of dealing with geopolitical shocks in an efficient way . 
  well , unless we get around to that sometime soon , the eu wo n't be around for long as it wo n't be able to asborb economic and geopolitical shocks as is already apparent . 
  the matters of greece and ukraine would have been handled a lot more smoothly with such policies in place . 
  i do agree , however , that we need a paradigm shift in order to reach that point , and we 're not quite there yet . 
  though , my opinion of that is `` unfortunately '' as opposed to `` thank god '' . 
  i do n't want a weak and divided europe . 
  oh i agree actually !, 
  i love it myself . 
  but i * hate * tripe soup so i do agree on at least that is a horror . 
  now that i think of it , yeah we do have the eu cohesion fund ... mostly for infrastructure projects , was n't it ? 
  right , i 'm just saying that if such a union happens on the european level ( not anytime soon , i suspect , but it might , in maybe three , four decades ? 
  ) , it 's basically the same principle . 
  meh , we really are the continent with the most complicated politics , are n't we ... 
  just out of curiosity . 
  in sweden , are all administrative regions operating on a net surplus ? 
  or are the people living in , say , stockholm , `` taxed in favor of norrbotten '' ? 
  i genuinely do n't know , but i 'd find it hard to imagine that none of your counties receive more money from the national budget than they contribute into it . 
  oh it 's rather simple . 
  if i owe you , come on , just let it go , the past is the past and i was likely drunk when i signed it , so it 's void anyway . 
  but if you owe me , well , then the contract was obviously signed in blood under the full moon , and you better pay or i 'll come for you , your children and your children 's children . 
  you , on the other hand , likely see the situation as the exact opposite . 
  * i 'm being sarcastic * ( and i 'm peeved i have to actually put in such disclaimers ), 
  rule britannia ? 
  i did * not * see this coming . 
  well , that 's the problem . 
  the responsibility is being shifted onto the next generation . 
  those who took the actions are n't facing it . 
  they 're hiding from it . 
  what we should do indeed * is * hunt down those who caused the greece kerfluffle , and put them on trial , and make them pay for it . 
  `` ladies and gentlemen of this * supposed * jury ... '', 
  of course . 
  * everyone * is only looking for what is best in their own interest . 
  china , russia , usa , eu , botswana , indonesia ... that 's why we 're in this mess in the first place . 
  yes , but that has nothing to do with `` democracy '' was my point . 
  democracy simply means that the people are the ones who govern , either directly or via elected representatives . 
  he 's almost like grover `` the only thing anyone remembers about me is that i served two non-consecutive terms '' cleveland . 
  maybe germany can pay reparations to greece , then demand compensation from italy , since it 's the italians that messed up the greek campaign ? 
  oh and please do n't take me seriously . 
  i 'm being facetious here . 
  eh , what has democracy have to do with that ? 
  democracy is a government form . 
  but yes , well , i do agree that if you expect someone to help you out , you need to be aware of what their terms are . 
  damn those greeks , thinking they are a sovereign state that can talk to any other sovereign state it wants to talk to . 
  and this is what we get for not having a unified foreign policy . 
  i 'd consider that second place in importance after fiscal union , and we really should get around to that . 
  i think you 'd be most welcome to , yes , 
  well , i do n't know , i 've actually never gotten over the suspicious lack of return and refund policies ... 
  well , you can just do like greece did just before the new year . 
  pretend everything is order with that ship , and send it onwards to italy `` let the italians handle this we ca n't be bothered . '', 
  and then italy sends it onwards to spain , spain sends it onwards up to the channel ... a bit like `` hot potato '' . 
  i actually heard of this guy before . 
  but i * was * working at a news service back then . 
  now now , no human trafficking around here !, 
  we shall not be putin up with such practices !, 
  gee , thanks so much for worrying about my appearances , but how about you leave worrying about that to me , because we both know you do n't care in the slightest , you just wanted to assert dominance . 
  whether that 's because you want to stroke your ego at my expense , or because you 're just trying to seduce me , though , i do n't know . 
  when germany attacked , ussr 's territory losses were huge , because they could n't hold onto it . 
  only when the war turned around ( and stalin pointed zhukov at the germans ) did the russians start recovering that lost ground . 
  yeah , and that ethnic unrest would totally not create a whole lot of new , often worse problems , just like it did n't create them in iraq or syria ... 
  yeah , sure . 
  that worked real well in the past . 
  totally ended all war forever because anyone who would be willing to start one was `` in ruins '' and `` crushed with ease '' . 
  revolutions tend to create new iterations of fsb-like services , mind . 
  i was under impression that the talk was about what they can hold on to in an open military conflict . 
  and in those open conflicts , historically , russia was always willing to destroy its own to make it useless ( or even `` more trouble than it 's worth '' ) to their enemy . 
  their military doctrine does n't exactly value individual life or property . 
  unless it 's changed recently , that is . 
  well , tabloids do tend to stink , but , that 's not something you say `` in your face '' when you got ta be professional about your job . 
  well russia is n't letting them go just because we want them to any more than we are just because they want us to . 
  we 'll be grappling with them over ukraine for the foreseeable future .
