  personally , i think if the assembly blocks the referendum , good job . 
  so i 'm optimistic about it . 
  basically , after allowing gay marriage , the opponents are trying to shoot it down with a referendum . 
  as it looks , though , the referendum is set to be denied , since enough mps think it would be unconstitutional to hold a referendum that aims to revoke human rights granted by recent legislation . 
  google translate : * three coalition and two opposition parties have announced support for the rejection of the tender referendum on amendments to the law on marriage , which would also stopped collecting referendum signatures . 
  * * the applicant statutory amendment to matej ta\u0161ner vatovec said that amendments to the act eliminates the unconstitutional state of systemic discrimination in the field of human rights . 
  therefore , the national assembly , in his opinion can not do anything , except to conclude that a referendum is not admissible . 
  john morton had the right idea . 
  if you 're living extravagantly , you obviously have a lot of money , ergo , you can afford to pay high taxes . 
  if you 're living an ascetic life , you 're obviously not spending much and saving a lot , and can afford to pay high taxes . 
  and he only really used this fork that bears his name against those who were known to be well-off but tried to weasel their way out of paying taxes anyway . 
  he was n't extorting the peasantry who he knew really did n't have a lot of money . 
  all-around pretty reasonable for a taxman/lord chancellor . 
  quote the whole post next time instead of doing it out of context , will ya ? 
  yes i 'm serious , and we do get news . 
  i know sa is in a dispute with sweden ( for example ) and there 's some incidents here and there . 
  but it 's not a split that 's dominating the geopolitics these days , now is it ? 
  we 're not living in constant fear or worry that iran or sa are going to start some clusterfuck that will kill us all , now are we ? 
  if you want to discuss this with me go ahead and do it . 
  if you 're only here to get all smug-pretentious-fuck-mode at me , then kindly shove your head half an inch deeper into your ass , because that 's going to put it back on your shoulders where it belongs . 
  the ideological splits only really become a thing once two powers are more or less equal in power . 
  i mean , there 's no ideological split with iran or saudi arabia dominating geopolitics currently . 
  the split * does exist * , but iran and as are just too weak for anyone powerful to seriously bring it to the table and keep it there all the time . 
  well , that 's rare . 
  i mean , it does n't happen often that people call me too optimistic :d you do have a good point , mind . 
  and the next generation will make us feel that way ( and feel that way about us ) . 
  it 's been going on since time immemorial . 
  abe simpson put it best . 
  `` i used to be with it . 
  but then they changed what ` it ' was . 
  now what i 'm with is n't ` it ' , and what is ` it ' seems weird and scary to me . 
  * it 'll happen to you . 
  well , bringing it up like this surely is n't doing much for it being `` abandoned and forgotten '' ; now is it ? 
  i do n't give a rat 's ass about upvotes , i just speak my mind . 
  oh and i get cranky when people make assumptions about me , i thought i 'd let you know . 
  do n't assume stuff you do n't know about me . 
  as for `` real people suffering '' , ai n't it just wonderful that we honor their memories by using them to try and score political points for ourselves ? 
  we 're so awesome , are n't we . 
  oh great , another circlejerk is starting . 
  let me join . 
  booo ; marxists !, 
  they 're why we 're not settling alpha centauri yet !, 
  i already noted what 's a course of action better than just calling names . 
  yes , but thing is ... it 's a long-term issue . 
  ukraine wo n't be successful today , tomorrow , or five years from now . 
  maybe in a decade or so . 
  it 's just too destroyed and destabilized . 
  and the question is , how much patience ukrainians have . 
  `` stuff like this '' happened way before fascism was even a thing , i think he meant that . 
  reverse engineering can be a godsend now and then , ai n't that right ? 
  i like this new rhetorical tactic . 
  call someone `` russian shill '' and pretend that completely destroyed their arguments , their children 's arguments and their children ' children 's arguments . 
  because obviously , just by calling people names you have proven your superiority in all fields , from wisdom and intelligence , to economic leaning and musculature . 
  wait , this is n't new at all , and it 's also counterproductive . 
  for example , instead of calling him a `` russian apologist '' i will simply state this : the western/us sins and failings are not the point of discussion when we are talking about russia . 
  do n't bring them up to divert from the issue . 
  if you want to discuss those , start a new thread and discuss them there . 
  fascism ? 
  the practice is way older than fascism is . 
  my personal opinion tho ... while i agree it 's rude , counterproductive and generally undesirable behavior , part of me ( i 'm a flawed human being ) still went `` tee-hee '' . 
  `` us against them '' is n't anything `` new '' , nor is it anything distinctly `` russian '' . 
  remember , if you did n't support the invasion of iraq , you were supporting terrorism . 
  if you 're pirating music on the internet , you 're a commie . 
  if you do n't agree with all tenets of marxism , you 're a filthy capitalist pig . 
  if you support gay rights you 're hellspawn . 
  i do agree on the `` frightening '' part in this case , though . 
  when , o , when will we humans get over this nonsensical tribalism ? 
  eh , that 'd be such a boring , boring world . 
  she species of `` couchus spudus activistus '' at work again , i presume ? 
  serbia would not prefer to stay out of eu , methinks . 
  but there 's going to be resistance to european integration anyway , with people having opinions and such . 
  france can and does make its own fiscal policy , as does every other eu member . 
  sadly , euro is just a monetary union without being a fiscal one , which i personally find kind of stupid . 
  but there is not common fiscal policy for the eurozone . 
  these neonazis are so wacky . 
  a forum in russia ? 
  do n't those guys hate slavic people ? 
  jokes aside , though , yeah . 
  those people still exist in this world . 
  oddly enough even in nations that suffered under german occupation back in ww2 , have neonazis . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  that 's not really censorship , that 's just the terms of the subreddit . 
  it 's a `` serious '' one . 
  it 's the same reason you 'd get taken down on a science site if you posted kitten memes . 
  stretching the truth ? 
  well , i never . 
  that fish * really * was three feet long !, 
  i like the expression . 
  i need to look it up and read more about it . 
  i 'm not talking about what un does , but about its perception in the general public which is often ( undeservedly , i agree , mind ) `` meh '' . 
  boo-fucking-hoo , i made you feel sad , and i 'm not in the slightest sorry about it . 
  i 'd suggest you get over it and quit being such a pompous ass . 
  if you want to feel good about yourself , go create something if you 're capable of anything more than bitching about people `` bitching '' . 
  oh and making assumptions about folks you do n't know anything about . 
  i 'd say that people who smugly think they 've absorbed all the wisdom in this world and treat others like `` ye unwashed peasants '' make me sad , only that it does n't , it used to , but it 's been going on long enough that i got desensitized to it . 
  guys with megaphones , you can at least stay away from , and they can only be in one location at any given time ( each ) . 
  internet advertising is something else . 
  unsc only has five permanent members ; russia , usa , uk , france and china . 
  the victors of ww2 . 
  they 're also the only ones with a veto .
