  also , nothing else could have happened . 
  the media and public pressure pretty much made sure this was a foregone conclusion . 
  alright , this is starting to worry me , too . 
  i mean , i 've been used to such exchanges when it comes to serbia , but macedonia ? 
  better ? 
  depending on who you ask . 
  bottom line is , when you 're one of the middle class in ukraine , it does n't matter whether it 's a russian or western oligarch fucking you over for minimum wage . 
  in this case , rt is only quoting a swedish tabloid . 
  i like you . 
  i was n't being serious . 
  just poking a joke at how somehow the middle east countries love to blame sweden . 
  more like every human being ever . 
  people tend to do that . 
  if i 'm doing well , it 's obviously because i 'm awesome . 
  if i 'm not doing well , it 's obviously someone else 's fault . 
  croatia more accepting than slovenia ? 
  now that 's not something i 'd expect . 
  assad should forge an alliance with netanjahu , seeing as the latter pretty much said the same thing a little while ago . 
  yes . 
  yes , it is . 
  and yet people insist we need to bail out ukraine just to spite russia . 
  me , i do n't want a bullet in my foot . 
  i 'm expecting something like this , too . 
  on the other end , i suppose the eu will try to become a more unified entity ... and honestly , maybe it is time that someone pulls a renovatio , anyway ... 
  remember , `` downvote '' simply means `` i do n't like what you said '' . 
  oh all right , obviously i have no clue what i 'm talking about , therefore the opposite of what i 'm saying must be true . 
  6.5 % in one quarter is beyond `` seasonal volatility '' , seeing as that the political situation in ukraine has not changed all that much in that time . 
  i am saying that as a layman of course . 
  the 6.5 % drop from q4 , 2014 to q1 , 2015 is the one that 's more relevant , and it is still huge . 
  then it should be called `` estoniavi\u0107 '' . 
  it 's times like this when i like to pretend i 'm austrian . 
  only if you go north . 
  then they came for people wearing abercrombie & fitch , and i did not speak out ... 
  if you act like an asshole towards someone , you switch jobs with them ( counts if they 're unemployed , too ) , if they agree to the change . 
  well , democracy is all about compromise . 
  this concept of ` luxury and excess ' confuses and infuriates us !, 
  but it 'd be anticlimactic , they 'd just be like `` oh , how many do you need , neighbor ? '', 
  maybe someone 's going to confuse serbia and siberia one day , or something ... 
  ere we go , time to circle jerk about them ugly and irresponsible greeks again ... ... they probably smell bad , too . 
  as long as the iron chancellor does n't foresee any more silly things in the balkans ... 
  i think i was unclear . 
  i meant `` look '' as in `` military presence '' . 
  basically , cover their soft back . 
  i personally think that russia needs to look to the east a lot more than to the west . 
  china is currently a partner , but they 're not going to waste any time to exploit an opening if russia stumbles . 
  that 's the one i meant , yes . 
  because putin is literally hitler , obviously . 
  crvena zvezda is serbian , budivelnik is ukrainian . 
  also , wait , last year 's eurocup ? 
  if you do n't know the language , you 'll struggle to find a job . 
  they do , and not only when it comes to nationalism . 
  there 's politics in the sports associations , all the time . 
  all the freakin ' time . 
  i did not know that . 
  i would n't be surprised , its tune being as catchy as it is . 
  now i have to look it up :d, 
  if it 's the same guys , yes . 
  if it 's different guys ... well , i 'm not a fan of `` guilt by association '' . 
  well ... it 's not kosovo , it 's greater albania , but ... http://edition.cnn.com/2014/10/14/sport/football/serbia-albania-game-abandoned/ it was n't pretty . 
  it was not pretty at all . 
  however , this once it was a provocation from the albanian side . 
  psssst . 
  we do n't want facts here . 
  we need only what suits the narrative that putin is literally hitler and eats babies for breakfast . 
  i mean he has to eat babies for breakfast , the dude does n't look a day over 45 , and he 's 62 !, 
  and ethiopia . 
  do n't forget ethiopia . 
  putin knows german anyway , i believe ... 
  the tsarist russia flag , even . 
  seriously , that 's just poor form and looks like obvious provocation . 
  as for katyusha , well , downvote me if you want , but it 's a beautiful song . 
  well , we could ask austria and hungary to let us have 10 meters on each side along their common border , to have a corridor ... 
  when did lisa simpson start doing politics ? 
  does the orthodox church even * have * saints ? 
  `` not going to happen '' is a strong phrase . 
  `` not going to happen anytime soon '' , that 's what i agree with , but what if , for example , the positions of power in asia changes in a way that makes china the new ussr , and the iron curtain falls somewhere about the ural mountains ? 
  the map posted in the op , obviously . 
  this joke stopped being funny a while ago ... 
  anyone else noticed that crimea is now marked as russian , even on wikipedia ? 
  good one :d, 
  let me guess , it has slovenian registration plates . 
  that 's always a possibility , yes . 
  i figure that is the case most times when someone way too high-profile to conceivably be an effective spy gets caught . 
  `` humane execution '' was always about the gloating onlooker not feeling queasy ; never about the comfort of the one getting executed . 
  that was the trigger . 
  the origin was the adversity and ambitions of the european powers . 
   you 'd make a bad terrorist . 
  well , i think i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  call me crazy , but if i was planning a terror attack , * i would n't announce it * . 
  i mean , `` hey , cops , i 'm going to pull some monkey business around that location '' . 
  technically correct , the best kind of correct . 
  is n't it funny how we seem to care about the dead people 's feelings a whole lot more than we seem to care about the alive people 's feelings ? 
  `` spies ? 
  those guys ? 
  have you * looked * at them ? 
  they would n't be able to keep a low profile if their life depended on it ! '', 
  as someone who does n't give a damn about `` legacy '' , i am likely not qualified to comment on this ... 
  clearly , putin is the source of all evil in this world , is n't he . 
  i mean , seriously his harshest critics on this subreddit seem to be * deifying * the guy . 
  and that does n't make a lick of sense !,
