  tho i suspect their full name is `` freedom : for us and our cronies , everyone else can suck our cocks '', 
  definitely a place to go when you want to have a good time . 
  be it for a few drinks and some music , or just hanging around outside and running into random encounters , you can meet a lot of tourists/travelers there too . 
  there 's something for everyone , really . 
  you might say that , but i would bet money that when it 's time to take a number too , you find a stall . 
  you do n't do your business wherever you happen to be . 
  usa has a communist party . 
  germany has a communist party . 
  uk has a communist party . 
  they 're marginal and hardly relevant , but they 're not outright banned . 
  well , that 's why it 's called a vice , that 's just what it is . 
  varoufakis is not in a position to `` want '' something anymore . 
  he can still say what he thinks , but it 's unlikely that he holds any significant political influence greece at the moment . 
  i meant more the power struggle in kiev between the government and the right sector . 
  if that blows up , it 's going to be a mess . 
  well , i agree there are too many like that . 
  but i would n't go `` fuck them '' at those who are considerate enough to move away and only smoke outside and the like . 
  you did n't get pulled into anything , you walked into it of your own accord . 
  or did a russian terrorist make you get involved ? 
  stuffing your metaphorical cock down the other guy 's throat to silence him is n't the best way to debunk any kind of bullshit , though . 
  neither is giving him the pointy finger and screaming * `` j'accuse !, 
  '' * so if you have any historical facts to discuss that oppose the facts that he listed , out with them !, 
  two sided discussions are always more interesting than one side throwing a hissy fit . 
  ... but you 're not here for a discussion are you . 
  you may now proceed to calling me a `` shill '' , and telling me how ugly my mom is ( yet you still copulated with her last night ) , in a proper wannabe tough guy keyboard warrior fashion . 
  and put your back in it because i 'll be grading your performance against the performance of all other internet tough guys i 've ran into so far !, 
  seriously , if you 're going to to try and attack me , please , please put some effort into it . 
  do n't be all half-assed about it . 
  smokers are great !, 
  sales tax on tobacco , and they tend to die sooner , so less pensions to pay out !, 
  they have more pressing matters to take care of currently , methinks ... 
  say what you want , but to fight those fires , they need any help they can get . 
  because it 's time for another fabricated diplomatic incident between the countries , obviously . 
  there are people on both sides of the border whose political careers depend on those . 
  the decision not to participate was made last week already , so you have the timeline backwards . 
  and on both sides of the border we have parties who are interested in keeping the entire border affair unresolved , just in case an election rolls around . 
   they 'll be calling swastikas `` windmills of friendship '' next . 
  good one !, 
  we better get don quixote on that , rapido rapido !, 
  woooo , we 're # 1 !, 
  sure , i 'm just saying that i do n't consider any media outlet to be impartial , and i agree with you , more skepticism is a good thing . 
  indeed , only `` those other guys '' do propaganda . 
  in the end , still best to check different sources and form an own opinion ... do n't trust the media to do the fact-checking for you . 
  you need to do it yourself ... 
  can we limit russia and greece submissions to once a week , too ? 
  indeed . 
  my problem is that this point is only brought up when the news outlet in question is on * someone else 's * payroll . 
  personally i try to keep myself unformed by checking both western and eastern media , and then forming my own opinion . 
  so yeah , i 'll try to find the same news bit on different outlets , ranging from bbc to rt. 
  good thing i ca n't read cyrillic and i do n't know french and italian well , or i 'd spend all day reading news :d, 
  '' / sent from my ipad . '', 
  stop the presses !, 
  how could this have happened !, 
  always love it when people go `` i know more about the place you live in , and have lived in for decades , than you do . '', 
  had a guy one time trying to make some sort of a point about perth , was told by a guy who was from perth that he got it all wrong , but then just went on `` yeah , you know nothing about perth , and i 'll pretend i did n't see you saying you live there . '', 
  good joke , but i 'd have concluded with `` they just remark ' i mean seriously , half of living organisms over here want to murder you , anyway ' '' . 
  my eyes hurt after reading that . 
  why ? 
  for cheap amusement ? 
  ca n't you just spend your time , i dunno , going out , hooking up with a lovely lady and having a good time ? 
  added bonus of you making your own fun instead of waiting for others . 
  all you need to do a cover up a conspiracy is to leak some selected bits of info to a conspiracy theorist nobody will believe , anyway !, 
  what are you talking about . 
  slovenia is an imaginary country . 
  the fact that we have a ministry of culture is like austria having a ministry of naval affairs . 
  it is all a figment of your imagination . 
  i am a figment of your imagination . 
  `` if it looks stupid , but works , it 's not stupid . '', 
  well * who else * am i going to blame for all my problems ? 
  i need the commies , i need someone to blame for my failings !, 
  it 's not webdev , but it 's nice to see you making assumptions just because you want to shove your cock down my throat . 
  also , if you want me to clarify what i mean , the correct question is `` what do you mean '' , not `` oh , you mean < insert assumption i 'm making because i happen to have a retort for it  '' . 
  but it 's nice to see you making assumptions just because you want to shove your cock down my throat . 
  in fact , can i just suck your cock , and we call it a night because you obviously are n't interested in having a discussion , but rather in proving your dominance over me and claiming this as your territory ? 
  i 'm seduced already , anyway , thanks to your alpha attitude , so let 's just get on with it . 
  now please , do go on and rave about my intellectual dishonesty , and about how i 'm being passive-aggressive because ~ ~ of my inability to refute your carefully constructed , sourced and clearly presented arguments ~ ~ i got sick of you assuming shit about me while neither sourcing nor carefully constructing your arguments . 
  i have better things to do with my time , such as whipping up some dinner and then eating it . 
  ( food is important , we die without it . 
  reddit karma , not so much . ), 
   yes , but then we could also start arguing about the safety of contemporary car brakes . 
  human designed system . 
  in modern cars software controlled . 
  yet you do n't hear of accidents where the brakes gave up . 
  the only accidents you really hear about are those that result in `` headlineworthy '' consequences , so you 're only ever going to hear of dramatic ones unless you go out of the way to look them up ( or are working in the field ) . 
  `` brakes gave up '' ? 
  that happens . 
  brakes themselves are n't software . 
  then it 's all down to a split-second decision about how to react , which way to swerve , what risks to accept and which ones are too high . 
  you do that based on visual and to a lesser degree audio input . 
  so that needs to be tackled in your software system . 
  not just the gps locations of all the vehicles being driven , but also the immediate , physical surroundings of every single one . 
   heh , funny thing with planes . 
  they could fly 100 % on autopilot . 
  from take off to touch down . 
  the only reason we still have pilots taking over is purely psychological . 
  just as with train conductors . 
  passengers irrationally feel less safe when there 's a machine in control even though that machine has far better reaction times than a human . 
  better reaction time in the scenarios that have been predicted and programmed . 
  if you 've been on a road , you know it 's full of surprises , and that not all such surprises can reasonably be predicted , so not all such surprises can have an `` if-then '' line . 
   if you do n't want a discussion just tell .
