  slovenian here , not russian , 
  [ this one , of course . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47quk8b1a3s ) we 're a depressive and self-destructive bunch . 
  it wo n't be , and my personal ( layman 's ) opinion is that ukraine will make greece look like a little sneeze even if it gets bailed out . 
  that 's going to be a debt that could n't be repaid in any reasonable time , and if anyone think about writing it off , there are going to be literal riots around here because people will be like `` why the hell are we just throwing our taxpayer euros into that shithole ? '' . 
  i 've said it months ago , ukraine is already lost to its people , no matter what happens in the east . 
  either russia enslaves it with brute force , or the west does with crushing debt ... or it blows internally . 
  for real i mean , not instigated from other entities . 
  but it 's going to be a long , long time until ukraine is a stable sovereign state again . 
  uhm ... `` now '' ? 
  as in , `` this was n't the case before '' ? 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  we do n't want men to be nurses or kindergarten teachers , are you crazy ? 
  the only reason a man would ever want to be close to the sick or to the children is because he 's a sexual predator who wants to take advantage of his position of power . 
  i mean , all men are latent sexual predators , did n't you know that ? 
  / sarcasm end, 
  i know , right ... 
  you know , we would n't even * have * these discussions if people just lived by a simple rule that goes `` do n't be an asshole . '', 
  sometimes the stuff i need to get done is still pending and needs to be delivered to me by someone else , i need to wait for them - for example , there 's a team out in the field recording scenes for a show , i 'm the guy who 's supposed to edit the footage into a watchable episode , and they 're taking longer than expected because their equipment malfunctioned or there was a sudden downpour or something . 
  i 'm already done with the indoor bits they did earlier , but the outdoor bits are taking longer than planned . 
  sometimes , stuff that i could have not foreseen will be dropped onto my table , like , if i 'm an announcer for the tv coverage of a baseball game , and they go into a million extra innings . 
  oh and it 's not me who 's going to clock in extra hours there , but dozens of other people . 
  sometimes i just prefer to stick at work an hour longer and make preparations for the next day and wait for the rush hour to pass , and i 'll only be home about 10 minutes later than i would have been had i left an hour earlier and got stuck in the traffic . 
  sometimes , a coworker falls ill , or gets injured , and tasks get redistributed . 
  not everyone has a luxury of working a job where once you do x , y and z , you 're done , while also knowing at the start of the shift the exact x , y and z that need to be done , with no possible surprises . 
  no , the guy just does n't want to be known as the `` muhammad guy '' because he feels that his work is greater than just that . 
  wait , why would she care either way ? 
  i thought the general consensus was that russians are soulless child-eaters from the sixth dimension , anyway . 
  ( you 're right , though , not much of a difference ), 
  but it 's just so much * easier * to reach a compromise if it 's all public . 
  just point to the stuff that compromises the other party . 
  editorialized title . 
  please do n't do that . 
  the article seems to be about russia joining the eu , not the other way around . 
  the reverse is pretty much mentioned in context of `` even that might be a possibility sometime '' , but the talk is about russia joining the eu . 
  which is something i 'm against at this point . 
  what are the chances that they 're just going to blame it on the dead guy ? 
  not that i have any love for haider ( hated him , in fact ) , but it just seems like something politicians might do . 
  `` unseats '' is such a weird word . 
  i prefer `` defenestrates '' . 
  uhm , no , the other way around . 
  he was alone , there were many of them . 
  and he was alone thinking they 're crazy . 
  so maybe the anarchists are n't crazy , varoufakis is . 
  i 'm a bit rusty since i 've not used in a while , but otherwise my german is quite good  living right next to the austrian border throughout my childhood and teen years helped . 
  hey hey now , the balkans begin at the kolpa river as far as we slovenians are concerned . 
  we are trying really really hard to pretend we 're germans , you see . 
  you really should stop using autocorrect on your requisition orders . 
  i mean , obviously what was meant was `` boomstick '' . 
  i suppose we ca n't expect sputnik to czech the facts before posting a story ? 
  well , at least it 's not going to be some silly thing in the balkans that way ... good enough for me . 
  i ca n't be the only one who , upon reading the title , was like `` why 's a car manufacturer making a statement on this ? '', 
  i think the joke is that `` witches are made of wood '' . 
  i can see your point , and it makes more sense the way you 're saying , anyway . 
  now i really need to go look it up . 
  over here it 's skid marks or no skid marks , i think ( though now you made me realize i need to look it up ) . 
  i suppose it 's because i * could * have been hitting the brakes because something jumped or fell on the road . 
  honestly ? 
  when i have something like that happen , i just have half a mind to slam on the brakes , get rear-ended and have the asshole pay for everything , because rear-ending someone on the road automatically puts you at fault for the accident ( not respecting safety distance ) . 
  but the other half of my mind is all reasonable and telling me that it 'd be too much of a hassle to actually deal with , and that i could get hurt . 
  oh , making the wealthier areas safer would be unfair towards wealthier people ? 
  wish we had a system like that over here . 
  a fine is supposed to be educational and what educates you not to break the rules better than having to pay an amount you 'll actually notice if you do break them ? 
  it 's not the cops ' or the state 's fault that you 're speeding . 
  quit trying to avoid responsibility . 
  oh that 's awesome . 
  can i borrow it sometimes ? 
  i really like it , 
  no no no nononono you need to stop that right now . 
  only we slovenians are allowed to pretend our country is going to fall apart tomorrow . 
  ah but what is one biker if his martyrdom brings glory to the motherland ? 
  oh please , the cause of `` radene should be supreme overlord '' is too grand to be stopped by petty trifles like `` criticism '' :(, 
  that is for us to decide ; and to live with the consequences of our decision . 
  well , i 'm a cynical one , so i work with the base assumption that * all * powers are covertly supporting dissenters in countries they consider hostile . 
  not limited to usa and russia , but also china , uk , israel ... hell , our defense minister a few years ago answered the question if our intelligence agency runs covert operations with something along the lines of `` well , that 's kind of what those agencies are * for * '' . 
  but yes , russia does like to play the `` it 's not paranoia if they really * are * out to get you , even if you exaggerate the details '' card . 
  well , when all is said and done , i just hope that we can achieve some sort of a long-term unity in europe , because history 's full of examples of just how fierce and bloody the european nations can get when at odds : /, 
  my personal opinion ? 
  it 's a really bad situation , and the eu was caught flat-footed . 
  we need to sort it out , and put resources into combating the problem at its source . 
  the prevalent opinion in slovenia ? 
  well , all them refuges are bad luck , baaaad luck , i tell ya ... but we would n't want to get rid of them , oh no , because otherwise who are we going to blame for our problems ? 
  yeah if syriza is still ahead in the polls by that margin , an election would n't change much . 
  except for , likely , golden dawn gaining ground . 
  it is anti-russian , but calling it `` hysteria '' is taking it a bit too far . 
  `` prejudice '' , maybe , but it 's hard to be buddy-buddy with russia when you 're poland , or one of the baltic states . 
  i , for one , do n't blame the poles . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  i mean , usa has a history of supporting dissenters in hostile countries . 
  the difference between russia and usa on this seems to be that usa tends to use precision instruments , while russia goes for blunt force . 
  but yeah sky really botched the title . 
  if so , then of course those with more clout will simply seek indirect ways to screw over those with less clout , since they ca n't do it directly . 
  the problem with `` minimally restrictive '' is that it more or less means `` only restrictive where necessary '' , and what is or is n't `` necessary '' is n't clearly defined . 
   no the reason you guys fuck shit up is because you do things with good intentions ( the good of society ) but fail to realize that humanity does n't work like a hivemind , and enforcing uniform policies will cause conflict . 
  the road to hell , and all that ... 
  as long as they do n't bring * the flanders pigeon murderer !!!, 
  * with them . 
  no , but really , i 'm all for self-determination and all . 
  however , i do realize that it 's a very iffy time to talk about such stuff , seeing as what 's happening in the east .
