interesting that his username is [ the capitol of a mongolian province ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dalanzadgad ) while displaying a mexican flag that says california . 
  what i posted was literally what the article 's video stated . 
  `` other objectives include controlling external borders , support for refugee shelters , and solutions to the causes of refugees flight . '', 
  it sounds as though she 's finally realizing germany and the eu ca n't realistically handle an unabated flood of migrants and is proposing better solutions because of it . 
  i 'm glad to see that merkel is taking a more realistic approach , even if it is far too late . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what kind of help they ask us for . 
  [ china ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taiwan#chinese_nationalist_one-party_rule ), 
  thanks, 
  do you have a source for this data ? 
  those comments plus '' [ note : russia today is an anti-white cultural marxist outlet . ] '', 
  really make me question the source . 
  `` the large group of refugees , many of whom are on the run from the bloody conflict in syria , will actually be scared by the low-flying planes and helicopters that are currently roaming the area , says the police '' what ? 
  is that actually what that means in danish or did google translate screw that up ? 
  wait really ? 
  do you have any examples of this ? 
  that sounds a lot like the us . 
  oh , irish !, 
  did you know i 'm 1/32 irish ? 
  i posted [ this poll yesterday ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ex6x0/poll_should_the_mods_of_reurope_confine/ ) showing that a majority of people do n't like the immigration megathreads but it was removed . 
  why did you remove [ my thread from yesterday ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ex6x0/poll_should_the_mods_of_reurope_confine/ ) showing that the majority of users do n't like the megathreads regarding immigration ? 
  yeah , i do n't get how  getting only one 5-minute break an hour can be considered tough at all . 
  please , do you think we can actually name that many european countries ? 
  here 's the text of the article : following alex tsipras ' humiliating capitulation to the troika this monday , one can imagine governments across europe breathing a collective sigh of relief , tinged no doubt with a little schadenfreude . 
  the loudest sigh was probably not in berlin , as one might suspect , but in madrid where the scandal-tarnished rajoy government arguably had most to lose from a syriza triumph ( or even half-triumph ) , with general elections lurking just around the corner . 
  as the former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis just admitted to the new statesman , he and tspiras chronically underestimated the strength of opposition to a new greek debt deal among the governments of fellow peripheral nations portugal , spain , italy and ireland . 
  `` the greatest nightmare '' of those with large debts -- the governments of countries like portugal , spain , italy and ireland -- `` was our success '' . 
  `` were we to succeed in negotiating a better deal that would obliterate them politically : they would have to answer to their own people why they did n't negotiate like we were doing . '' unlike syriza , spain 's government has happily danced to the troika 's tune throughout its tenure . 
  the result , according to spain 's premier mariano rajoy , has been an unprecedented economic turnaround -- one which , in the words of his minister of finance and public administration , cristobal montoro , should serve as an example to the world . 
  on paper rajoy and montoro may have a point . 
  spain 's economy does indeed appear to be firing on all cylinders . 
  in its latest quarterly economic outlook , the spanish bank bbva revised upward its gdp growth forecast for spain from 2.7 % to 3 % in 2015 . 
  this is no mean achievement for an economy that just three years ago was in the deepest throes of recession . 
  an economic fairy tale there is just one problem with this storyline -- gdp growth in spain , as elsewhere , tells only part of the story , albeit an important one . 
  while almost everyone ( economists , journalists , eurocrats , troikaytes and even many spanish citizens ) desperately clings to the dream that the worst is over , they wilfully ignore one niggling fact -- namely , that the government 's version of events is riddled with gaping holes : `` many little greeces . '' since rajoy won the last elections in november , 2011 , spain 's public debt has grown at a faster rate than any time in its post-franco history . 
  a staggering $ 590 billion -- the equivalent of 30 percentage points -- have been added to the country 's total debt during the last three and a half years of government-imposed `` austerity . '' mariano rajoyflickr / partido popular de cantabria government spending at the regional level continues to spiral out of control . 
  in the last year alone , the regional governments took on 27 billion dollars more debt , ending 2014 with a total combined debt of $ 236bn -- equivalent to 22.4 % of gdp . 
  as el economista warns , spain consists of many little greeces . 
  matters are hardly helped by the fact that the worst regions are also the hottest beds of corruption . 
  they include valencia , home to spain 's most corrupt regional government which just suffered the ignominy of being the first spanish region to be fined by brussels for `` manipulating its own budget '' . 
  with general elections fast approaching , rajoy is on a mission : to buy as many votes as quickly as possible . 
  austerity has been suspended and spending is on the rise at both the local and national level while tax cuts previously slated for early next year have been brought forward . 
  in exemplary political desperation , the government has even reinstalled part of the extra salary payments civil servants enjoyed during the pre-crisis years of plenty . 
  chronic unemployment . 
  `` how can they possibly call this a recovery when more than one in five people are still unemployed ? '' the financial director of a large utility recently asked me . 
  as if to answer his own question , he added : `` it 's a farce , an insult to the lowest intelligence . '' as i recently reported , recovery-blessed spain , not depression-hit greece , currently boasts the three most unemployed regions in europe . 
  it is also the oecd member with the highest unemployment rate among the under-25s and the over-55s -- once again , higher than greece !, 
  in other words , spain 's so-called recovery is the economic equivalent of tacitus ' indelible line : `` they make a desert and call it peace . '' a new bank bailout . 
  despite passing repeated ecb stress tests , spain 's biggest banks , like most of europe 's biggest banks , remain chronically undercapitalized . 
  they are also home to massive and growing pools of festering debt . 
  recent estimates have put non-performing loans ( npls ) in spain at around 9 % to 10 % of total bank credit -- the equivalent , according to analysis by the wall street journal , of approximately $ 120 billion . 
  as i reported in it 's getting ugly in spain , while the imf seems outwardly happy for rajoy & co to lure unsuspecting voters with the promise of across-the-board tax cuts , behind the scenes it is quietly preparing the groundwork for a new bank bailout -- not just in spain , but also in italy . 
  contagion from south america . 
  spain is by far the most exposed economy in the world to south america , a region that is slowing down . 
  the region is the primary ( if not sole ) profit source of many of spain 's biggest companies . 
  whereas hsbc , the world 's local bank , is withdrawing from the region as fast as it can pack its bags , spain 's two biggest banks , santander and bbva , are doubling down on their bets . 
  in september , if the federal reserve does the unthinkable -- i.e. 
  raise interests rates -- it could well set off the mother of all capital outflows from across latin america . 
  if this happens , spanish companies will feel the pain . 
  some may even need government assistance . 
  since becoming prime minister rajoy has repeatedly stated that spain is not greece . 
  nor is it uganda , he said at one point , with his usual level of tact and diplomacy . 
  in many ways , rajoy is right : although it may have similar levels of corruption to greece , spain boasts a much larger , more advanced economy with higher levels of productivity , better infrastructure and a much bigger external market . 
  as such , comparing the two is an almost pointless task . 
  but that 's not to say that spain does n't suffer from its own enormous , potentially crippling set of political and economic problems , most of which have been swept under the rug of political expedience . 
  in other words , spain is spain and that in itself should be reason enough to worry . 
  by don quijones , raging bull-shit . 
  there is no limit to how far our elected governments will go , and to what extent they will crack down on the little guy , to protect the interests and privileges of oligarchs and oligopolies . 
  red ... the men who 're stealing the sun posted this from mobile , sorry for any formatting issues, 
   the city just had to let them stay there . 
  why though ? 
  they could n't force them to leave ? 
  honest question : why is n't europe either adopting an australia-like policy or at least deporting those who are deemed economic migrants ? 
  they try to , which is why objects like shoelaces are taken away from these types of prisoners, 
  life in prison is far worse than execution, 
  brussels -- representatives from europe 's struggling steel industry will take to the streets of brussels on monday in an attempt to stop the european union from granting market-economy status to china later this year , a move that would make it harder for european companies to protect themselves from cheap chinese exports . 
  the protest by workers and employers follows a stark warning from some of the eu 's largest governments that the bloc 's steel sector faces a significant and impending risk of collapse . 
  it is also likely to fuel a debate over europe 's response to claims that china is selling steel at below-market prices at a time when the steel industry world-wide is reeling from overcapacity . 
  if the eu recognizes china as a market economy , it would make it more difficult for europe to impose tariffs on chinese goods . 
  beijing claims that a 2001 agreement allowing it to join the world trade organization means it should receive market-economy status by december 2016 . 
  however , european industries say beijing uses government subsidies to boost exports and undercut overseas competition . 
  they say china 's economy is still controlled by the state and governments must take that into consideration when weighing up whether or not to award it market status . 
  `` if china were to be granted market economy status by the eu , this would further undermine the effectiveness of the eu 's trade-defense instruments , '' axel eggert , director general of european steel association eurofer , which is helping to organize the march , said friday . 
  monday 's protest comes as europe 's steel industry suffers from overcapacity that has led to thousands of job losses in recent months . 
  steel imports from china , the world 's largest steel producer , to the eu have more than doubled over the past two years while the bloc 's demand languishes below levels seen before the 2008 financial crisis . 
  eu steel prices have fallen roughly 40 % over the past two years . 
  `` in europe we have a massive import crisis that has been caused by the chinese . 
  that 's why the eu should be using its trade-protection instruments against the dumped chinese steel imports in a way that has the quickest impact , '' said hans j\u00fcrgen kerkhoff , the president of the german steel association . 
  the association expects some 1,500 german steelworkers to participate in monday 's protest . 
  the organizers expect around 5,000 people from 17 countries to attend monday 's march . 
  in a sign of growing concern about the steel sector , earlier this month ministers from seven eu governments , including france , germany and the u.k. , sent a letter to the european commission , the eu 's executive arm , urging it to step up its action to protect the region 's industry from unfair trade . 
  `` the european commission is very aware of the situation of the steel sector , '' said lucia caudet , the commission 's spokeswoman for industry , but added that industry 's challenges go beyond trade issues . 
  `` what we see is a complete change in the industrial landscape , driven by digitization and the need for energy efficiency . '', 
  ms. caudet said the commission is applying the instruments at its disposal to ensure a level-playing field . 
  in recent weeks , the bloc has taken more measures to protect steelmakers from unfair trade , opening three investigations into allegations of unfair trade practices by chinese manufacturers and slapping tariffs on two types of steel imports from china . 
  the eu has 37 trade defense measures in place on imports of steel products -- 16 of which concern china directly . 
  in the u.s. , commerce secretary penny pritzker told the wall street journal last month that her department is weighing more antidumping cases than at any time in 15 years . 
  she said two-thirds were steel cases `` a vast majority of which involve china . '', 
  on the issue of market economy , the commission is looking at three options : granting china the coveted status ; not granting it and keeping anti-dumping measures in place ; or pursuing a third way -- that would designate china a market economy while introducing some mitigating measures . 
  officials say the commission prefers the third option , but industries warn that mitigating measures will do little to offset the resulting economic damage that would affect manufacturing sectors . 
  a study for the commission estimates that if china is treated as a market economy , the long-term job losses in the eu , without mitigating measures , would range between 63,600 and 211,000 .
