  i know , but i already have a phone so . . 
  i wo n't get the n7 then since they are out of stock anywhere and i do n't live in the us so i can get it in december . 
  he was dead and he was no searching for a girl . 
  the girl at the end is his sister crying over his grave . 
  i think arma 2 wo n't run on your pc since you have to use classic windows . 
  stupid post . . 
  the mod is overrated do n't get too excited about it, 
  not really , it has lots of bugs and dayz is just roleplay . 
  i will wait for arma 3, 
  i want one thanks :d, 
  i played dayz at a friend and the problem is that you run for some hours then find some activity that lasts 10 minutes . 
  i do n't have it on steam but this is the main reason i wo n't buy it . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  they got lots of problems right now , i do n't understand people to complain about every bug on sales . 
  this was a scam , i was the first one and op said i was 8 seconds late, 
  my game worked fine with intel dual core , do n't trust the site, 
  your whole concept is wrong . 
  it is called copying a game and releasing it to the public for free , no one steals . 
  many of the pirates buy the game after they pirate it . 
  i pirate games too , and i have a steam account with over 200 games , if i like the game after i pirate it i buy it . 
  no one has the right to tell me '' oh look piracy is a crime and everyone that pirates is a bastard that does n't want to support devs '', 
  on every . nfo the crackers say '' if you like the game buy it '', 
  so piracy promotes the sales in a way even if you negate it, 
  my isp is offering me 100 mbps and i get 2.88 gbps, 
  horses, 
  choo choo motherfuckers, 
  get a real pc, 
  i want, 
  thanks :d, 
  i want, 
  i played 2000 hours of it, 
  choo choo motherfuckers, 
  why did you post again ? 
  i ca n't understand those low speeds . . 
  i got 1 gbps and the game would be done in 2-3 minutes.also i pay $ 8 for it, 
  can help you, 
  i have a problem with flash, 
  so many things you can do with android !, 
  my flash is bugged , but i can show you in teamviewer that i download with over 300 mb/s, 
  300 mb/s, 
  ( 2400 mbps ), 
  i said 300mb/s and then specified 2400 mb/s, 
  man , i got gpon ( 2.48 gbits download and 1.44 gbits upload ), 
  my hardware does n't support a such hig speed , my network card is only up to 1 gbps . 
  but the technology i use has the capabilities i just said . 
  the game is not scary at all, 
  piracy is bad . . 
  give me karma, 
  it is the full game , but is not legally obtained . 
  cousin ... sure, 
  i am getting one soon too :d congrats op , 
  we can share experiences with our phones after i get mine too ( in a few days ), 
  maybe carrer os ? 
  in my country carrers that offer data plan with phones leave the costumers with the original firmware , unlike verizon . 
  because steve jobs died , apple has no more ideas and their last try to make some money is to sue the competition . 
  they should be boycotted to death , but apple-sheeps . . 
  i just asked a friend that thinks that if he has an iphone then he has the best phone ( iphone 4 ) and he said that it is apple 's right to do this shit , i am disgusted, 
  canadians, 
  not relevant context, 
  get the m. out of the link, 
  good old times, 
  newfag for 11 hours xd so brave, 
  yeh these options are pretty cool loool look i edit reddit, 
  for 10 dollars . . too bad phones ca n't sustain this kind of speeds yet . 
  that 's the price, 
  $ 10 a month, 
  how will samsung galaxy s3 work with this ? 
  what is its full capability ? 
  that is the price , 
  not needed man . . it 's like adding chicken, 
  you still believe that crap ? 
  we do n't know the real procents that go to the charity but they do n't go higher than 10 % per profit, 
  i used to do these things too . . good times, 
  do crypters still work ? 
  i search for one , but most of them need to be paid . . i used rats 2-3 years ago , since darkcomet died i do n't know what to use, 
  same situation in romania, 
  fiber optic, 
  i would leave that country , sincerely . . 
  you shall move to italy or a better country , azerbaijan never treated you good , why do you still live there ? 
  in a poor , corrupt country ? 
  no , romania , gpon technology, 
  seems legit, 
  le le le le le le, 
  choo chooo moteheruckers, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
      upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim * *, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  * upvote if you cry everytim *, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim,
