  i do n't have depression , i can not sleep restfully, 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i am not depressed but i am extremely tired every day . 
  exercise did more bad than good for me, 
  so many microsoft shills, 
  that is expensive just for gigabit, 
  may, 
  kill yourself, 
  poughkeepsie tapes , worth a watch, 
  link ? 
  he is a retarded social warrior and can not see that muslims are indeed a problem, 
  islam really needs to die , i understand why israelis hate their neighbors so much . 
  israel is a democratic developed country in the middle east . 
  its enemies ? 
  shithole backwards countries infected by the disease called islam, 
  the union leaders are too retarded to realise that eu is going down because of muslims . 
  soon we will have an intern war, 
  at least you start in a developed country . 
  i start in a poor country in eastern europe . 
  good luck, 
  retarded joke still reproduced by retarded people . 
  because islam is a cancer, 
  really ? 
  shut up retarded social warrior . 
  because of people like you europe is in danger, 
  depends on where you watch it , i guess i would n't enjoy that film at 2 am alone in the house, 
  why does n't our brain work correctly ? 
  people praise the human brain so much but drugs like adderall show us what we could be, 
  it 's not that easy . 
  when i try meditating i hear a huge buzz in my ears ( ear surgery which lead to trinnitus imperceivable normally ), 
  downloaded the same book today, 
  sorry it is late did n't notice the sidebar ( mobile ), 
  thanks what do you think of power of now ? 
  there are people who make money from it, 
  oh ok thanks, 
  did it help you long term ? 
  you sure showed me, 
  how can exactly staying cross legged , inhaling and exhaling slowly and having no thoughts for 10 minutes change a life ? 
  i do n't understand . . 
  i have a lot of problems with focusing , memorizing and i 'm tired all the time ( from the moment i wake up ) . 
  i suspect i have an underlying sleep disorder but i do n't have money to pay for a sleep test . 
  did meditation improve any brain function for you ? 
  name ? 
  saved, 
  steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/ghostvirtual, 
  server : any server i have good ping everywhere, 
  availability : everyday ( specify your timezone if you 're only available for a certain period of time ), 
  difficulty : any, 
  wraith kings favor ? 
  yes, 
  sleep disorders suck because i have one, 
  i know that feeling , i ca n't keep my eyes open when that tiredness comes , it 's like trying to lift a bus . 
  ah ok thanks i was interested for ranked, 
  thanks but seemingly it 's not available for ranked, 
  it does, 
  what the fuck is this cancer, 
  they would help you with interest , not out of the will to help another human being, 
  half your fathers, 
  gift me please, 
  name is virtualghost . 
  thanks, 
  you do a good job, 
  how much is microsoft paying you ? 
  i wish it paid me, 
  ceausescu ordered babies to be injected with hiv because he wanted a super army . 
  good luck in life  i hope a cure will be found fast . 
  he killed people, 
  a prison sentence is too low, 
  link ? 
  le sir, 
  yes, 
  is it that good ? 
  yes, 
  oh ok then downloading, 
  send me pls, 
  i agree with you because i live here , but people do n't want to admit its flaws they want only to admit what they think raises their reputation, 
  kek, 
  where do you live, 
  you are one of these guys that love to blame the us for anything, 
  ah thanks now the coordinates pls, 
  pls, 
  retarded danish viking, 
  great gifs, 
  how 's the dragon game going, 
  i have 1000/1000 and gifs load instantly, 
  give doge pls, 
  i have a 660 ti and havent mined even 1 dogecoin in a week, 
  / r/conspiracy is full of mental ill people, 
  you sound like a good mod too bad mentally ill people are too crazy to acknowledge that, 
  i enjoy fresh content to make fun of, 
  i consider a sad life one who spends all day insulting jews, 
  i am not scared of any of your `` theories '' , they 're not out of my comfort zone . 
  i used to believe in conspiracy theories but then i realised people who create them make money off idiots like / r/conspiracy by bringing traffic and others . 
  ever wondered why celebrities use different symbols on youtube like the pyramids and such ? 
  i sure you did . 
  they do this for money because a lot of idiots will look for `` symbols '' , trying to `` decipher '' then in this way making money out of you by ads and others . 
  you use a defensive mechanism by saying that your theories are 2spooky4me so i am too `` afraid '' to read more about them . 
  it 's the opposite , your defensive mechanism shows that you are very unstable by saying that people who dont have your world view are `` scared '' , `` afraid to get out of their comfort zone '' . 
  it 's my right to ridicule people who believe in retarded things , who can say the opposite ? 
   i wish i could answer that with a list of policy changes made since the snowden revelations started , but i ca n't yet .
