  flash it if you want to extend your phone 's life until you can upgrade . 
  same here . . just bought back, 
  they do n't have a conscience . 
  they are literal dna robots . 
  why ? 
  they are building automatic factories , they do not need immigrants of any kind . 
  if you are going to japan as a foreigner you do it because you want to , japan does n't owe you anything . 
  molly, 
  rtzw, 
  please do not write like this !, 
  rip, 
  kraken is the best, 
  i agree , if you 're going to raise your net worth artificially then you 're in for a big risk , like the huge burst yesterday . 
  i have no sense of smell , but i can taste anything fine . 
  i usually taste the milk from the bottle before pouring it , never had any issues . 
  i agree , best course is to ask what troubles them not try to cheer them up artificially . 
  there 's no doubt that she would have , but i did n't expect this from him . 
  i did n't hold him to high regards , but i also did not believe he was such a huge moron . 
  what troubles you ? 
  see you on the front , lol . 
  ( we 'll be on opposite sides btw ), 
  isis is obviously better . 
  are you going to college after hs ? 
  if they 're so close to becoming extremists , then i do n't want them here . 
  that 's not their goal . 
  their goal is beating you into submission to islam , keep saying useless stuff and keep normalizing these massacres for your agenda . 
  trump probably made that saudi king 's day, 
  that 's not how astroturfing works , you should rather read about it before you make dumb analogies . 
  since t-mobile uses gsm i do n't think you 'll have any issues . 
  exynos is always better anyway so it 's worth it . 
  is n't it 2:15 pm london time tomorrow ? 
  neither and both . 
  how much do they pay your firm ? 
  people complain about backwards american laws , but the german ones look as if they 're made by people who had no idea what they intended to fix . 
  many germans will defend this practice because they 're used to being abused by their government ( see gema ) . 
  chechens and russians hate each other . 
  source : russian, 
  i know gema is not a governmental agency , but it is mandated to act as a `` collector '' which makes it the same as one relatively . 
  it goes away from your profile after 10 years . 
  you live in the middle east . 
  well . . that 's . . never thought this would be possible . 
  can not you just flash it ? 
  does it even matter whether it 's lux or not ? 
  since it 's an international variant , the lux thing is correspondent to the radio of the country you bought it in . . 
  motherfucker , i can only pick mine tomorrow, 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  no inflammatory remarks , people do n't have the right to be upset at the fact that they got scammed ? 
  yes it is eu . 
  if poland and the other countries end up adopting the euro ( which is a promise given by these countries ) then all the effort put into adopting the currencies and adjusting their prices + creating a new region lock area would go to waste . 
  did you pay for your windows license ? 
  antifa is fascist itself . 
  my ancestors would hate anything you think you fight for . 
  got my s8 + today , it 's amazing . 
  no red tint . 
  none . 
  no , this will & should never happen . 
  most moldavians do n't want an union with romania . 
  they 're mostly edgy teenagers and neckbeards on welfare . 
  there is not much you can expect from them . 
  it 's worse than being a nazi , seeing communism killed 40m humans from my country . 
  and now some idiots want to bring that back . . really wish i could send them back in time to the ussr so they can see for themselves the horrors of communism . 
  thanks, 
  exactly , even cases are useless nowadays . 
  but you think you do understand the basics of socialism/communism , right ? 
  your side represents the downfall of the western societies . 
  no matter what you think you fight for , you 're actually playing in our interests . 
  a weakened/divided west is the prime opportunity for china and russia to take the wheel . 
  socialists can manifest against governments without repercussions only in the west . 
  good luck trying to do that once the west succumbs to china and russia . 
  amazing . 
  ask the big players , they 're the ones manipulating its value, 
  tailless ? 
  it seems to have a tail . 
  stop shilling for a `` company '' that does n't care about you and scams people regularly . 
  your comment is full of lies , you will not convince anyone here . 
  as a russian i can guarantee you that `` life back then '' is 100x worse than life now in russia , but what do you care ? 
  communists are either edgy idiots who eventually grow up or leeches so nobody cares about your opinion . 
  there is pretty much a definite reality behind that statement . 
  chechens would n't think twice if they were able to wipe out russians . 
  read up on the first chechen war . 
  chechen jihadists which were a lot . 
  chechen children were recruited from ages as low as 5 to fight in the insurgency . 
  if your people are being attacked by other people , any small mistake could decimate your forces . 
  you 're severely underestimating the influence of wahhabi islam in chechnya , i 'm pretty sure even to this day there are weekly terrorist attempts in cities like moscow or sankt petersburg . 
  among these hundreds of thousands of people , a very high percentage of them were extremist jihadists that you can not contain so there 's nothing you can do other than defending yourself , which means killing the opposition eventually because it 's hard to contain people that live to die as martyrs . 
  it was n't as much the russians as it was that communist hitler , stalin . 
  do n't forget that in around 1944 tens of millions of russians died because of the cruelty of stalin . 
  and i told you in another comment already that among these hundreds of thousands of people many are people that live to die as martyrs . 
  you do n't know the chechen culture as i do , their line of thinking is very different . 
  what is your agenda ? 
  there 's no way you could have met hundreds of chechens unless you 're chechen yourself . 
  and i am not justifying anything , i 'm explaining it from the perspective of a weakened post-ussr russia . 
  if things were as bad as you 're saying , chechens would n't exist today . 
  and you can not stop saudi arabia from spreading its influence , especially since the ksa have been supported by the us for a long time . 
   i wo n't deny that there is a certain way of thinking that dominates the other but you 're still wrong . 
  alright , since you 're chechen then you must know your culture better , but in that quote you pretty much admitted that you 're heavily biased . 
  you have the reality in front of you , chechnya has been infested by the wahhabists and you refuse to see it . 
  there 's no doubt that some are normal people that want to get on with their life , but you had your chance and you fucked it up . 
  if many of you were n't as bloodthirsty as they leave the impression to be , why after gaining your independence you did n't hesitate on attacking dagestan ? 
  your agenda and bias are obvious , you 're refusing to see the flaws of your culture in the modern age and you 're blaming it on russia .
