  you are the cunt here, 
  qiwi terminals are everywhere, 
  thanks, 
  you 're retarded, 
  i 'm russian and i agree with him , you complain about americans but you have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  you talk like a sjw . 
  i do n't have any obligation to care about iraqis , everyone 's country is their own responsibility . 
  you 're tagging that guy with a lot of labels but you are the idiot who can not think for himself, 
  murderer ? 
  did he kill anyone ? 
  i 'd like to see all the poachers dead too , does that make me a murderer ? 
  learn to think for yourself . 
  poachers are the scum of the earth and everyone who defends them is retarded, 
  how well does modafinil work for someone with chronic fatigue syndrome ? 
  i have brain lesions from something i 'll ask the doctor about modafinil, 
   equality, 
  women have more rights than men , 3rd wave feminism is trying to destroy every right men still have, 
  these people are retarded, 
  you 're some autistic retard talking about the genetics of russians when your entire genetic pool is a shithole, 
  how do you create custom maps ? 
  muslims are n't a race, 
  sweden is what 's wrong with sweden, 
  nothing better than circlejerking about the saudi arabia of feminism, 
  you can but after a month your console will get banned . . mine did, 
  you can spoof the version . 
  first you jailbreak a 3.55 console , then you install the latest cfw on the latest official version . 
  now i have 4.50 cfw because i did n't update in a while . 
  more info on ps3hax, 
  who the fuck cares if it happened or not , if you 're going to cherry pick everything on the internet then you might be autistic, 
  never happened, 
  never happened, 
  never happened, 
  never happened, 
  never happened, 
  never happened, 
  good luck, 
  never happened, 
  where in europe ? 
  probably something from the liver . . coffee does n't have any effect on me because my liver is weak, 
  i dont think they ship there, 
  dude, 
  winning *, 
  implying there 's such a thing, 
  i guess you are a feminist, 
  and you 're a faggot, 
  team fortress 3 confirmed, 
  if this change stays on i 'll move from reddit, 
  you 're an autistic shit, 
  this is an extremely bad change, 
  yes, 
  retard, 
  the chinese government does a lot of good for china, 
  nervous about what ? 
  i work a month for 24 euros, 
  the article is meant to make it seem like terrorists are misguided by the evil white male, 
  if you want to play it coop download synergy, 
  probably, 
  check traders guild, 
  thanks for the giveaway , 
  rest after a hard day of work brethren, 
  red, 
  commended, 
  wtf moldova no romania, 
  well you are an apologist also what you said is completely false, 
  it 's fucking 24 euros i say i 'm justified to whining, 
  vote, 
  it does you shill, 
  yeah, 
  no you 're a shill harry, 
  cry some more liberal tears, 
  not everyone is equal, 
  it does n't matter, 
  islamic state of sweden 2040 ca n't wait, 
  the immigration policy of sweden is going to bring sweden 's end as a rich nation, 
  well at least western europe seems to be waking up since they voted front national and ukip which are anti immigration, 
  you 're a retard, 
  why has tumblr moved to leddit ? 
  where da bong at ? 
  fat, 
  damn you 're so fucking retarded, 
  why should the americans grant anyone entrance to their country ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  people like you should be deported, 
  there 's no evidence that there is such a thing as a female brain in a male body, 
  he 's a man with female hormones injected in him . . 
  provide some fucking sources if you think you 're smarter than me, 
  liberals are retards, 
  labels are nauseating, 
  you 're the cancer that 's shitting on what humans evolved into, 
  he 's a man, 
  big words for a small brain . . 
  so you make an argument by trying to convince your opponents to counter argument your arguments with citations while you did not provide any ? 
  but, 
  i wish i were rich, 
  that does n't work correctly , it always gets my ping wrong and the others ' too after i ask them what their ping is . 
  do n't donate to madd, 
  does n't work anymore :(, 
  it used to work a few patches ago , now it says overlay added but does n't translate in game chat anymore, 
  thanks, 
  well right wing parties like front national and ukip were elected which is very good .
