  suddenly a version of me which i think is my subconscious , was coming towards me . 
  i talked to him and it was extremely weird . 
  imagine talking to a perfect version of yourself . 
  this is a good case of mirroring , but i had a sleep paralysis / obe episode where i was paralyzed , but it slowly faded away , though i did n't wake up . 
  i got up and there was very little light and extreme darkness . 
  i saw something that looked like the pyramid head towards the hallway , but i did n't care . 
  i saw a very weird version of myself , i can not really describe it . 
  it 's like trying to explain death to a baby , but it 's more like you see a version of yourself full of curiosity , trapped in darkness . 
  i opened the fridge and there was too low light , the pyramid head came and i tried to fight with it , but it was exactly like a cartoonish episode , it crushed my skull . 
  it was a very weird experience , if you have questions ask me, 
  that 's a high expectation, 
  at least samsung updates their successful devices , hox is still on 4.1.2 i think, 
  ho and s4 are both great , but i was talking about the last flagship devices being s3 and hox , s3 is still supported by samsung while hox is forgotten, 
  google is much better than microsoft at everything , paying users to use bing is a desperate act . 
  if you think i am hired by google you should check out / r/conspiracy , it fits you, 
  everything is a fact if you believe in conspiracy theories, 
  i use ultimarom now , it combines the look and feel of cm10 .1 with camera touch wiz and others . 
  i am looking forward for 4.2.2 from samsung, 
  this is a leak so it is really coming , in the us the guilty one is the career not the manufacturer, 
  htc did n't officially say that, 
  on hox ? 
  hox has no official statement that it will be updated , but samsung does, 
  hehe, 
  from brazil, 
  fuck islam , i shit on your allah , muslims have to be eradicated from britain, 
  i 'm with you, 
  islam has no place in my country , i shit on your almighty allah . 
  i hope muslims are eradicated in the uk and sent back to your barbaric regions . 
  islam is a threat to earth, 
  they were not stupid , they were brainwashed by islamic idiocy , they believe in allah with all their forces and act how the qu ` ran tells them to act . 
  they are a fucking threat to europe, 
  i know muslim people , they hate the us and they tried to convert me once . 
  thank you for being a premium subscriber . 
  did you know that in the summer ticks use to stay on your bed ? 
  also they have a fetish for sexual organs of humans, 
  blop has been proved that the sound comes from icebergs falling in water . 
  you have no right to protest in europe , since islam is a disease to eu, 
  islam countries are shitholes , why do n't you stay there and not ruin europe with your outdated barbaric laws ? 
  the apologists keep downvoting you , they ca n't stand the fact that muslims ruin every civilized place they go to . 
  i hope they go bankrupt as soon as possible . 
  it was their own fault , siding with windows phone was the worst decision they could have made to regain their position on the market, 
  in my opinion , someone who roots his phone should be able to navigate through xda . 
  rooting is absolutely unnecessary if you are not able to use xda , because rooting is only a method of gaining more access to your device , but what can you do with it ? 
  also this is blogspam which is prohibited by the rules of / r/android . 
  there is a difference between romanian people in transylvania than the rest of the country.the rest of it is a shithole , i do not discriminate but life in romania is bad . 
  a lot of thieves , people are not serious at all , they just want money but they do n't work at all . 
  most annoying thing at romanians is the nationalism, 
  i am a russian living in southern romania , i 'll move to the us in 2 years, 
  i have chronic tiredness . not matter how much or low i sleep i feel sleep drunk , i can not concentrate my memory is ruined and i feel exhausted all the time . 
  i hope i can get a sleep test at my place , i changed a lot of things in my lifestyle but nothing.worked, 
  that doctor told me about stupid lifestyle changes , so i am looking for another one . 
  i do not have hormonal problems because i have sleep paralysis which is a sign of a sleep disorder, 
  i do n't drink caffeine or alcohol . 
  i do n't really have insomnia , it can be harder to sleep but not impossible for me . 
  i tried caffeine but it does n't have any effect on me.i struggle with sleep paralysis in the morning though, 
  i try to find a sleep specialist , but my mother does n't really believes what i say , so it will take a while till i get to one.i do n't have nights out drinking alcohol , because i 'm too tired . 
  caffeine does n't have any effect on me . 
  i may have your problem , but i struggle with getting my mother to find a real doctor that does n't say i have depression or any other non helping things like lifestyle changes . i quit all drinks , i only drink water since 2011 . 
  my meals are not big , and my appetite is suppressed , even if i do n't eat anything for a day i do not feel hungry . 
  tell me more about your treatment and symptoms if you can.i also have sleep paralysis very often, 
  that 's a stupid statement , you 're learning a language for free , without ads and very professional . 
  both parties have something to gain here, 
  do n't worry j hope i 'll get to a sleep clinic, 
  that is totally wrong . 
  they 're not protesting because they do n't like corporations , they 're protesting because turkey is in danger of becoming an islamist dictatorship . 
  i am a russian and i can say that communism is the worst regime ever , capitalism gives anyone a chance . 
  communism can not be reached without a dictator , and dictators kill people that protest . 
  people used to starve and wait 6 hours in the freezing cold in the morning to buy bread . 
  there is no perfect regime , but capitalism is the best one right now . 
  communism should be dead and forgotten . 
  i am living in romania and that 's true . 
  romanians do n't realize that the problem is them , not capitalism . 
  you can not have a schizophrenic episode . 
  schizophrenia is an umbrella for more disorders that together cause the symptoms of schizophrenia . 
  for example i can see hallucinations in sleep paralysis , but that does not mean i am a schizophrenic because i do not experience them when i 'm awake, 
  i am not trying to start a fight , but why do christians believe that god knows it all and created everything ? 
  i always thought an omniscient figure should be interpreted by more facts put at a place . 
  what if god created the big bang then over the course if billions of years it developed this way without god 's will ? 
  the universe is infinite , so i do n't think god stays all the time and creates worlds, 
  my sleep is broken , i am tired all the time so your advice does n't work for me, 
  he compared himself to the founding fathers, 
  try reddit sync or the beta reddit is fun, 
  how is slimbean on the gs 3 ? 
  cheap utilities, 
  he was n't a character , he is a great role player and had a lot of great jokes, 
  add is an.umbrella for more disorders which combined cause the symptoms . 
  discipline is useless against add , it really ruins your life , better give him treatment instead of forcing every stupid way to discipline him . 
  i do n't have add , but i have chronic tiredness in which car amphetamines are a very good solution , but they are illegal where i live, 
  adderall, 
  capitalism is a regime , not a being . 
  communism is much worse because i live in a country which was affected by communism , people were starving much worse , you had to stay 6 hours in a line to get bread in the morning and when you walked into a store you would pick the chicken with some meat on the bones, 
  did the dog live in the 2nd video ? 
  damn, 
  you faggot, 
  things ? 
  hans lumia 928 ? 
  i can not smell because of rhinitis allergy, 
  you are productive, 
  retina display ? 
  damon this adderall is good eh,
