  looks like propaganda to me, 
  because propaganda tells us to, 
  it means that they are dangerous to humans and normal dogs , you are retarded if you tell random people on the internet that they should like hitler, 
  i do n't care about africans , let them die, 
  it kills them without pain, 
  dogs are n't persons you twat, 
  go back to / r/conspiracy, 
  its an one sided article , the dogs are dangerous, 
  source : live in sochi, 
  no they are n't why do you think they are, 
  person, 
  \u02c8p\u0259\u02d0s ( \u0259 ) n /, 
  a human being regarded as an individual . 
  `` the porter was the last person to see her prior to her disappearance '', 
  synonyms : human being , individual , man/woman , human , being , living soul , soul , mortal , creature , fellow ; more, 
  ( in legal or formal contexts ) an unspecified individual . 
  `` each of the persons using unlawful violence is guilty of riot '', 
  an individual characterized by a preference or liking for a specified thing . 
  `` she 's not a cat person '', 
  a character in a play or story . 
  `` his previous roles in the person of a fallible cop '', 
  `` i would have publicity photographs on my person at all times '', 
  dated, 
  ( especially in legal contexts ) used euphemistically to refer to a man 's genitals . 
  a category used in the classification of pronouns , possessive determiners , and verb forms , according to whether they indicate the speaker first person , the addressee second person , or a third party third person . 
  i would rather kill them all than them chasing old people and killing them in packs, 
  dogs are n't persons , they are n't people , they are n't humans . 
  they are animals like us but they are not persons . 
  there is no philosophy in this, 
  looks like you 're a vegan , no wonder you ignore facts . 
  i understand that you do n't want dogs to die but you have no idea about how it is living here, 
  it 's their own fault , we have to stop trying to be the golden hand in the world . 
  let them live however they want even if they spread like rabbits and infest other regions with hiv, 
  let them solve their own issues, 
  dino wars episode v, 
  yeah beside that it was amazing, 
  and you make lgbts reputation even worse, 
  i do n't bother with retards, 
  why, 
  you are talking about you here you stupid neckbeard, 
  no it is n't you do n't even live here, 
  are you gay ? 
  here 's a quote of yours . 
   if i had it my way , any one who subscribes to religion should be decapitated or prisoned for life . 
  fuck anyone who subscribes to religion and may you rot in the fake hell you 've created to fear people into believing your fake ass shit . 
  if you are religious . 
  kill yourself . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm not religious but here i begin . 
  if you would meet any russian you would shit yourself out of fear you fucking retard you 're just a piece of shit and you should kill yourself . 
  barack obama, 
  common traits and interests, 
  go to a mountain station in austria and start skiing/snowboarding , choose a rent place without wifi ( it is hard but it 's possible ), 
  and by the way you should n't try to quit something you enjoy but take it in moderation for example i go on reddit on evenings and mornings when i have free time, 
  it 's hard to give up . 
  remove part of it and you still have a bit . 
  remove another part , but bit is still there . 
  remove another and it remains . 
  what is it ? 
  they are n't real they 're just pornographic videos with a target market of fetishes, 
  / r/fearme, 
  there are tv channels in every country dedicated to the olympics, 
  the same way, 
  i do n't have many choices , only kfc and mcdonald 's in my city, 
  b12 deficiency which can cause schizophrenia and many other dangerous conditions . 
  i eat meat every day but i still have it because it does n't get absorbed correctly by the lack of a protein of some kind so i need to get suppliments, 
  what 's veganism, 
  sleep paralysis, 
  some day i 'll go to hawaii, 
  i argued on the internet, 
  because they are some assholes that receive government funding for expanding fiber but they use it for their own agenda ( keeping competition away ), 
  i live in a country in eastern europe in which i pay $ 18 for 1000 mbps per month and it shows that it can be done even if the isp did n't receive funding from the government and their prices are much lower than the american career ones, 
  correct, 
  i see women dressed as doctors putting their fingers into my mouth and i see persons i know floating around the room . 
  some times i manage to move which can be described as out of body experience it 's a surreal experience if you want i can tell some stories, 
  i 'm russian so i 'm a shill right ? 
  i agree, 
  i wish i could get paid for having opinions, 
  you 're a big fat idiot, 
  let me believe, 
  amoled black is the best black, 
  thank you for your time creating these, 
  u wot horse, 
  your mother is very submissive in bed too, 
  then what your opinion on putin is ? 
  social justice retards, 
  sjws and black supremacists, 
  no patriarchy is just an used term by feminists because they are too lazy to accomplish what they want to do and they blame men, 
  go fuck yourself, 
  you 're racist, 
  are you black ? 
  i do n't care what color you are but even if you have white friends that doesnt mean that you can not discriminate white people , that gif is very retarded and looks like you make fun of white people, 
  he 's fishing for upvotes by being meta, 
  yes, 
  why do you keep linking that you idiot, 
  he 's retarded, 
  feminists like you destroyed reddit, 
  ~ * im going 2 get h8 for this but weight discrimination is fucking problematic !!!, 
  * ~ ~ ~ * i cant even . 
  how often do i have 2 tell u 2 accept that u can be fat & healthy , u , binary-overprivileged agiest !!!!!!!,
