  look on the painting ... upside the toilette wtf is that, 
  i think she 's your sister and you want her to reach frontpage and embarass her . 
  i was offline for 2 years having 121 games on steam . . it did n't appeal to me anymore . 
  i did n't know that you can actually lucid dream in a coma.i am glad you posted this since i know now how it is in a coma , did you ever experience `` sleep paralysis '' ? 
  who will you vote for in november ? 
  i shared it with a friend ( irl ) , but after some days of the `` sharing '' , the password was changed and i had to go through steam support and lots days of stress , because i invested over 600 euros in it.after i am done with learning programming and such for highschool , i may start using steam again , i was thinking of buying cs : go and joining a clan to spend some free time out there . 
  i did n't say i left after getting a girlfriend . 
  wtf, 
  slendy would appreciate, 
  it has a password , not so loving anymore , eh ? 
  not until your company stops with pressure on competition, 
  creators of conspiracy theories make lots of money out of this crap . . and people fall for it . 
  no one fucking cares you 're on your iphone, 
  the camera is not 28 mp , the camera is 8mp , exactly like the 4s and s3 . 
  panorama existed much before iphone , them are 3.5 photos ( 3.5 * 8 = 28 ) , any other phone of 8 mp is capable of that . 
  also , it takes normal 8 mp pictures while not in panorama . 
  do you wear glasses or not ? 
  ( 3rd panel ), 
  til karma op replies to every post in the thread . 
   the wii u storage media is confirmed to be blu-ray based and support up to 25 gb of data per disc , at 22.5 mb/s data transfer rate . 
  i wonder if sony and microsoft will launch their consoles in 2013 . 
  versusio is fake on not-released products.they added iphone 5 3 months ago when there was no leak . 
  so many contests . . no talent for rage comics . 
  what camera did you use ? 
  hurr durr i have a mac best computer ever made, 
  oh my gawd people so poor buy windows, 
  my mac can run a browser hurr drr my mac is a bless, 
  what is games ? 
  baby dont hurt games dont hurt games no more, 
  they have the playstation brand , so ps4 will support bluray too , they decide who gets it or not . 
  i searched all day since 4 pm ( now 21:29 gmt +2:00 ), 
  i have found many things , but none of them would help me now , i do n't have her name nor location of living . 
  she comes on this street everyday , because she is retarded and crazy , my dog would have came back if she did n't steal him ( he is a pure rottwailler and his value would be near 1000 euro ) . 
  i will find her for sure tomorrow ( with the help of police ) , but i hope it 's not too late . . 
  implying everyone thinks iphones are good phones, 
  this kind of people should n't be walking on the streets , they have to be supervised all the time, 
  the movie is sick, 
  dogs are true companions i lost mine yesterday but found him today . . 
  he ran away on the street and a schizophrenic woman stole him . 
  the korean one ( which i currently own ) has 2 gb ram , lte , quad core . 
  20 days if i leave it strictly for calls and messaging, 
  3 days of hard usage ( games , browsing and such ), 
  no . . that 's actually the battery , i have some tweaks and governors too . 
  yes, 
  i really have to visit switzerland some time . . 
  you should talk english or at least publish a translation in english . . it is n't nice to reply to a post in english/romanian in romanian so people that do n't know romanian wo n't understand it . . 
  my friend does n't use internet for communication, 
  yes this is the system in romania , i hope i can get out of this country as fast as possible . 
  she does not hang with the common friends anymore , because of some problems that may have caused the dissamble of the group . . the ways i keep communicating is internet , but it is pretty rare . 
  relevant username ? 
  that reddit is the front page of the internet . 
  bulgaria a batut argentina cu 2-0 recent . . just saying, 
  i work for imgur and the company does much more than `` millons of dollars '', 
  ios sucks, 
  android is better, 
   apple is literally hitler, 
  same inferior communist system that kills people ( i come from a former communist country ), 
  `` a bunch of my girlfriends '', 
  what app do you use ? 
  i have chant but it does not look this way, 
  `` our '' ? 
  its *, 
  google is better than apple in every case, 
  yes , google has got to nyc/chicago , much before apple and they do a much better job , no offense to ios users , but apple maps is inferior and always will be inferior to google maps , apple is trying a self-suicide , how can you brag with your phone with gps and things and when you go into a place in some country in asia/europe where no other program than maps can show you the roads , what do you do ? 
  sorry i am kinda stressed and i do n't pay enough attention, 
  he drops the sgs3 higher than the iphone . 
  how is this related to gaming ? 
  i have 2.4 gbps since february , but used to live with dsl 4 mbps hehe . . got upgraded for free and pay the same as i did for 4 mbps ( 11 euro ), 
  2400 mpbs = 2.4 gbps ( p, 
  gpon fiber ), 
  romania is a shithole, 
  you are in us right ? 
  why ? 
  these are called night terrors , i had them when i was about 7-8-9 years old ( i had them for 3-4 years after i have moved to the new house ), 
  try to remember that nothing of that is real , and it is not about religion or priests or whatever , it is about you . 
  i had stopped `` them '' ( them = hallucinations made by our brains ) by going into the hallway and talking to `` them '' . i mean i just sit in the hallway in the light spot and was looking at the dark , non illuminated spot , telling `` them '' i am not afraid and such , the hauntings stopped . 
  you described these things in your first story with blurry faces , you should check out slenderman , even if it is an invented story you may have read it somewhere and it has been injected in your brain . 
  also try running some rem tests ( rapid eye movement ) where sleep paralysis happens and where you can have lucid dreams or lucid nightmares . 
  it may go even further ( schizophrenia ) , but it is because your head was hit really hard in that accident , i had some kind of schizophrenia too ( the 7-8-9 year old me ) , but stopped it by my own . 
  if you have skype or some other im messenger we should talk about this , i have lots of experiences and can share some of my stories , that might help you . 
  tell him you got an iphone for him and you got the 2g since you heard that 's the latest one , that will make him very mad, 
  yes it is , when i lived there a lot of my friends were dying because the country is a shithole and medical system is crap , also you do n't afford to fucking pay the electricity , romania is one of the worst countries of europe , they are dragging europe down . 
  romania has one of the lowest wages in europe , also the aliments and electronics are cheaper in western, 
  also nationalist romanians are stupid because they think romania is the best country but it is one of the worst countries i 've ever lived in, 
  he shaked the device while taking the photo . 
  lilly is n't anything just a person with schizophrenia which messed up with you because she was `` hot '' . 
  from what i 've read into the story , most of the psychically damage was not related to `` higher powers '' , so you can consider it was just a crazy teenager girlfriend you had at that time and it 's good that you have a much better environment now , i hope this will be a lesson to you , since not all `` hot '' looking girls are worth the time . 
  op could be hallucinating the dog , as she does with her mother . 
  op my advice is you take a video recorder and place it near your bed , also if possible take 2 more so every corner of the room is recorded , that way you will see if you are hallucinating or there are for real some people that try to harm you . 
  definately the n7, 
  the life in romania sucks , think better before you move . 
  that 's what i wanted to say , life in romania sucks compared to western/northern and even asia , you will regret every second if you move here from sweden, 
  i am not pessimistic , i am realist , and i am not romanian , but lived there for a while.romania is one of the less wealthiest places on there , happiness ? 
  you tell me about happiness in a country where everyone insults at your back and everyone just wants your money ? 
  you ca n't make business in romania , it 's like doing deals with thieves . 
  your speculation on us is false , how can you say they will spit into your food ? 
  that is purely nationalist romanian ignorance , the hatred on americans , when i lived in romania ( i did the school there ) the teachers that were `` very patriot '' were saying us is the place where all the garbage of europe has gone . 
  why so bad ? 
  it is better than ios for me and for hundreds of millons of people, 
  i can not stand ios for being so limited and without jailbreak you can not do anything that apple does n't want you to do.i hate wp7 , but i am looking forward to lumia 920 ( wp8 ),
