  i have to go to the capital to do a csf ( cerebrospinal fluid ) extraction test to check for myasthenia . 
  i 'll ask them to look for the substance which is thought to be lacking in the brain of narcoleptics . 
  i 've had symptoms for 3 years , since my first episode of sleep paralysis . 
  they got worse , i 'm always tired , can not focus , memory is impaired and so on . 
  coffee does n't have an effect on me and i could n't get stimulants because apparently i do n't `` need '' them . 
  after a psyhical exam my neurologist thought that i 'm either extremely tired or extremely lazy . . the normal blood tests for it came negative so i have to do csf . 
  the problem is . . mental fatigue is n't a symptom of myasthenia , i mean a major one . 
  many people with it experience mental fatigue but it 's not listed as major symptoms and i dont really have the symptoms for it except eye muscles being weak and i can not walk straight , also my legs and hands give up sometimes . 
  i get some tremors on my spine though , my neck and face is n't slow even if sometimes my facial expressions seem to not be in connection with my mental state . 
  i think i have narcolepsy because if i go to sleep right now i enter the rem sleep which according to this http://www.helpguide.org/life/narcolepsy_symptom_causes_treatments.htm, 
   rapid entry into rem sleep . 
  narcoleptics have unique sleep cycles where he or she may enter the rem or dream phase of sleep right after falling asleep , whereas most people take about 90 minutes to enter rem . 
  therefore , you 'll experience the characteristics of rem sleep ( vivid dreams and muscle paralysis ) at the beginning of sleep , even if that sleep is during the day . 
  is a main symptom . 
  since i dont have the most of the symptoms of myasthenia except for muscular weakness in arms and in eyes , i dont think it is what i have . 
  especially since blood tests for it came negative . 
  i hope it 's narcolepsy because people with myasthenia are predisposed to cancer and my neurologist told me that the brain marks arent related to myasthenia so it looks like i have more problems or one . 
  i found this http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9351130 which says that some narcoleptics have brain marks from it , but who knows . 
  i was also 14 when my first sleep paralysis case started and that 's from when i remember my symptoms becoming worse , i did not pay attention to it until the 9th grade in which my mother thought i was just faking/having hormonal teenage specific problems . 
  from what you say ( also thanks for taking your time for relating to my problem ) it looks like you did not have cataplexy until 23 and neither do i at 17 , sometimes i feel like my muscles give up and i get dizzy easily so i have to stay in bed . 
  i 've spent around 600-700 euros on blood/genetic tests so far and the only things i know is that i have brain abnormalities and that emg shows signs of myasthenia . 
  i 'm tired of being tired, 
  well i can test for it , i just have to go to the capital to do one but who knows when, 
  everything you said is true, 
  it 's a majority unfortunately, 
  why twice, 
  well i am russian so i agree with you too on some points but the situation is messed up, 
  not as bad as huntington though, 
  link ? 
  stop spamming you dumb fuck, 
  she was awful, 
  you americans like having your own country destroyed by others but we do n't, 
  it 's nice seeing people not deluded by the ukrainian propaganda, 
  i agree with you , people here are too emotionally driven and ignore facts, 
  muslims at their finest, 
  source ? 
  since palestinians are semites too hitler hated them, 
  sweden , yes, 
  their own agenda is going to kill them lol, 
  i hope that more and more swedes wake up to the reality that they are exterminating themselves with these idiotic immigration laws, 
  legitimate fear *, 
  saved for future use thanks , 
  it 's actually what he said, 
  not in the mass media, 
  i 'm russian too , that kind of driving is so common, 
  uncle rico ? 
  damn , the price of the game really brings up positive points, 
  how can i become a middleman, 
  but where are the downvotes counters ? 
  not even turning everything to low make it that smooth, 
  stream link ? 
   impure motives, 
  how is autism related to obsession ? 
  he used the appid spoofer method, 
  no , i could tell that you 're actually autistic since you 're obsessed with diagnosing people that you do n't know shit about, 
  i ca n't cross my eyes, 
  the wage in russia is bigger than in romania and russian prices are much lower all the time , for example gta 5 will be 24 euros in russia ( region locked of course ) and in romania 50euros at least . 
  blame eu , not valve, 
  which currencies, 
  cyborgmatt is n't icefrog , i 'm pretty sure of that, 
  thanks, 
  nice, 
  you 're autistic , right ? 
  he spammed that shitty video all over this subreddit, 
  because i can smell it, 
  good luck in the future ), 
  you just got targeted by sjw, 
  any thin person is healthier than an obese person, 
  well i 'm incredibly unhealthy and not overweight but that 's because if my genetics, 
  a few months ago i was on a plane trip and halfway i had a lot of pain in my sinus and ears , i have a hole in my eardrums from surgery, 
  there 's a difference between fat and obese , 
  yes, 
  thanks for the links, 
  lol, 
  what do you recommend getting on it ? 
  i have 1000 mbps and youtube does n't buffer or lag at all, 
  why blink though ? 
  ( except for teams roaming which can be pretty unpredictable ), 
  what 's your mmr, 
  none seemingly, 
  i was 3,8 k then got down to 3k because of tiredness, 
  i never enjoyed ad that much , i prefer ranked or custom maps, 
  it 's coming in a few days or probably today, 
  it is, 
  she still uses meth ? 
  i also am a 17 mate . . 
  that video is scary as fuck, 
  sorry man but meth use should have been a red flag, 
  lol, 
  great of you to send a free phone, 
  street meth destroys lives, 
  if you want i can coach you too ,7 k mmr, 
  both, 
  guys you really make me want to buy a m8, 
  uh no, 
  tom cruise, 
  you . . you ... youuuuuu, 
  when reddit starts downvoting awful bigoted shit ? 
  baaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahaha, 
  do n't hold your breath !,
