  sorry if i posted in the wrong place . 
  it was a movie with a girl in red called ruby or something like this and humans who looked like they have been exposed to radiations , like chernobyl . 
  it was a strange movie and i remember an old man at a gas station . 
  if someone could give me the name of the movie i 'd appreciate . 
  i used to think that i could not go on, 
  and life was nothing but an awful song, 
  but now i know the meaning of true love, 
  i 'm leaning on the everlasting arms, 
  if i can see it , then i can do it, 
  if i just believe it , there 's nothing to it, 
  [ chorus , 
  i believe i can fly, 
  i believe i can touch the sky, 
  i think about it every night and day, 
  spread my wings and fly away, 
  i believe i can soar, 
  i see me running through that open door, 
  i believe i can fly, 
  i believe i can fly, 
  i believe i can fly, 
  see i was on the verge of breaking down, 
  sometimes silence can seem so loud, 
  there are miracles in life i must achieve, 
  but first i know it starts inside of me , oh, 
  if i can see it , then i can be it, 
  if i just believe it , there 's nothing to it, 
  [ chorus ], 
  hey , cause i believe in me , oh, 
  if i can see it , then i can do it ( i can do it ), 
  if i just believe it , there 's nothing to it, 
  [ chorus ], 
  hey , if i just spread my wings, 
  i can fly, 
  i can fly, 
  i can fly , hey, 
  if i just spread my wings, 
  i can fly-eye-eye-eye, 
  hum , fly-eye-eye, 
  i watched it 4years ago . 
  it is about some white people that go in china and in their house there is a sealed gate . 
  a female chinese steals the soul of a child and a woman goes behind the sealed gate to see the chinese woman 's experience . 
  there is a brick wall in the room behind the sealed gate which contains the bones of the workers . 
  some white people went in china , a female chinese ghost steals the soul of a child and a woman goes behind the sealed gate to experience what the ghost has experienced . 
  someone put the bones of the workers in a brick wall and the workers ghosts jump to him in bed at the end . 
  does anyone want to restart a new character on any eu realms ? 
  i could get into na too , but i am not sure if blizzard lets users change regions for free . 
  i ask this because it gets very boring for me to play solo . 
  every day it happens that i lose connection to dota 2 on steam after it crashes , then i have to relogin on steam and that takes a lot till i am able to enter into the game.now , same thing happened except i can not even connect to steam , it says connecting steam account : ********** , stuck like this for 10 minutes . 
  i have 1000 mbps so it is not my internet , ie works fine . 
  30 minutes ago i had my strangest experience ever . 
  i woke up and have seen that i could n't move , but i could speak and a voice was coming from my clock saying that i have to get my skin rash checked because it could be melanoma ( i have some kind of point on my arm that bleeds every day . 
  i could n't take care of it yet because tomorrow i have a kidney stone surgery . 
  i told the voice to tell me what he means , why he thinks it could be something bad , no response . . 
  i had my eyes opened and there were no hallucinations , but my vision kept going down like i was drunk . 
  i contemplated about what it meant , it was really the weirdest sleep paralysis/lucid dream i have ever had . 
  i could speak , i was in my bed , there were no hallucinations and no auditory ones except that voice . . 
  is anyone playing on psn ? 
  i 'd want to try the game for the first time and i 'd like to have someone to play with . 
  so , from what i 've been reading so far i have to eat food with little to no carbohydrates . 
  ok , now can you tell me what should i eat in the morning and in the evening ? 
  ( i do not eat at afternoon ) are 2 eggs with cheese enough for a morning ? 
  what should i eat in the evening for the beginning ? 
  thank you for your time and i 'll let you know that i checked the irc and read many documentations in the sidebar but i do n't have that much time so if anyone could explain me how did they start . 
  it 'd be great, 
  it is on the latest ios 6 and carrier locked on vodafone uk . 
  it has a gevey sim card in it , is it possible to permanently unlock it also it is jailbroken, 
  is it worth it on my video card ? 
  qqq, 
  now dota 2 has a tab for acknowledgments in the library , they actually respect the former devs unlike riot , they thank blizzard and warcraft 3 map creators . 
  shows the difference between a greedy company and a customer friendly company, 
  i tried greenify , better battery stats , different chargers and the problem remains . 
  my s3 is losing battery quickly off charge and on charge it still does . 
  it only charges when the phone is shut down . . anyone have any solutions i could use ? 
  should i post a betterbatterystats report ? 
  thanks for your help , i contacted samsung about this but i speak to the warranty department tomorrow . 
  stock sammy and stock android are losing battery quickly so nothing related about factory reset . 
  i played diretide today and the bots were staying mid and killing creeps and trying to get down the tower , when the roshan battle came they were still at the tower fighting it . 
  valve / perfect world should prevent this , they get a lot of gems . 
  can someone provide me with a guide for a beginner in meditation ? 
  thanks, 
  how do i enable winter map ? 
  is the nexus 10 discontinued ? 
  i do n't remember a lot about it but there was a muslim who had to fake that he was the president or a leader of some kind because there were some people who wanted the leader to sign a contract where a corporation could exploit from a country . 
  at the end the leader finds out her wife is jewish then he nods to a guard to kill her ( in a funny way ), 
  i took some blood tests and i discovered that i have some kind of substance imbalance which leads to anemia . 
  i have most of the symptoms which include dizziness after exercise , i mean i get really dizzy after finishing my workout for that day and i stay dizzy for the rest of the day, 
  i watched it when i was younger so i do n't remember the details very well . 
  it started with some football players i think then people were replaced/infected with a substance that controlled peoples ' brain . 
  at the end there is a fight in the high school/college with a blonde girl which turns out to be a big alien . 
  i hope someone can remember this movie from the details i presented, 
  fantasy league id : 166955, 
  fantasy password : 121444, 
  fantasy team name : frogtechyes, 
  weather effects, 
  in dota 2 , it 's no longer just your prospects of victory that change like the weather . 
  the weather can also change like the weather . 
  weather effects are items you can equip to change the environment in your game . 
  if you have a compendium , then you 'll immediately get all three of the in-game weather effects : snow , moonlight , and rain . 
  what changed in wow from 3 years ago ? 
  i thought about getting back into it but i 'm not really sure since it 's expensive .
