  most people are communist , thieves , racists , they think that romania has the best economy and that it is the best place to live on the earth . 
  lte can not go over my 1000 mbps home speed . . 
  no , europe . . 
  yes, 
  so much cancer in the comments . . 
  10 euro , because my isp is still building the system and the 1 gbps plans have n't started , but the technology they installed is able of 2.4 gbps . 
  they are not the best in the world . 
  i live in eastern europe and i get 1000 mbps down/up for 10 euros . 
  technology : gpon, 
  limited bandwidth is the biggest shit they grab into costumers . . 
  also the speed is still bad for that price ,1000 mbps is much better than 175/175 and much cheaper too , in eastern europe . 
  all the canadian telecom companies ripoff the costumers . 
  i used to have a 5 down/0 .50 up from 2006 to february , so this upgrade is new , not like it has been like this all the time . 
  did you try playing gta iv lately ? 
  it 's lag free for me on a gtx 260 . 
  and a sony bavaria screen, 
  yeah , i tried swtor today and it is not really free to play , it is more like feel free to install , pay to play, 
  you should write a book . 
  your past was not expecting 1784 karma , it was even surprised at 20, 
  memories . . 
  really ? 
  i am having trouble buying dark souls on steam . 
  i live in eastern europe and when i search for it in-steam and on their web page it displays no result . . 
  if i buy it through a proxy , would it appear in my game list ? 
  i used to have the disk cache problem , my speed on speed test was 900-1000 mbps and it was downloading with 1 mbps in u torrent until i changed the allocation for disk cache to 1800, 
  til, 
  black & white, 
  do n't you dare tell me what to do . 
  til you 're an idiot, 
  a reddit account is required to view this message, 
  cancer, 
  my penis talks about jesus , dae ? 
  i live in a poor country in eastern europe and i have 1000 mbps up/down since february , unlimited too , for only 10 euros , this is why i ca n't understand how can these corporations be so greedy , i mean limited bandwidth is something shitty and has no reason to be like that . 
  til, 
  and a sony bavaria screen !, 
  man , i heard the '50s were great times, 
  i already know it . 
  i already know it . 
  romanian, 
  thanks for your advice , but the sources you used to search the most spoken languages is false , search wikipedia . 
  i added an edit to the op stating that i already know english and french , sorry i thought that by displaying all the choices i would have more comparisons between languages . 
  how do you know these ese ? 
  and you are cancer, 
  yeah , i have known many masons and they are not related in any way to that shit , i have known even those with high reputation , it is just a group where people gather up and speak , symbolism used by them is a former to express words that you can not define . 
  also all these symbols in buildings are not really masonic , it was just designed to seem like a cultural place even if it is an airport . 
  i stopped believing in stupid conspiracy theories since 13-14 , they just make you paranoid and some type of anarchist that is against the government , all these people who express their conspiracy theories in groups are joked upon because they are stupid . 
  none, 
  i have a gtx 260 with 8 gb ram and i can run gta 4 fine on ultra . 
  i 'm so hungry right now . 
   this has been flagged as spam hide \u2022 not spam, 
  what the fuck is this ? i came here expecting a mind blowing gta v trailer 3 , and i get this shit ? 
  why are the graphics so bad on this ? 
  do they seriously expect us to buy this bs for our ps3 's and 360 's ? 
  triggerthenexus 2 hours ago , 
  a comment on youtube . . damn , some people are really stupid, 
  i have a sgs3 and i regret not waiting for the note 2 . . 
  i am taking a screenshot and showing this to / r/gaming community if this post is deleted . 
  they recently changed their tos/eula , but if you did n't agree with it yet , contact them and complain.if they still do n't comply , force chargeback using a dispute from paypal or contact your bank and tell them to refund your account because you are not happy with your product . 
  ** ^ return ^ the ^ slab **, 
  i wonder if reddit has private subreddits with cp, 
  first world problems, 
  and it 's gone, 
  spiders get rid of bugs and are not that bad . 
  fbi has no jurisdiction in europe, 
  i have the international and that is my score , so i do not miss note 2 so much in terms of speed, 
  ia zi , ce importanta are romania la nivel global ? 
  opinia ta la irelevanta la nivel global este ignoranta . 
  am impresia ca esti beat . 
  * piedica * = obstacol ( sens in context ), 
  i usually name it `` cancer '' . 
  i want to learn c #, 
  i want to learn c # mostly and later in my programming carrer i want to make games , but since i would know at least one language by then i will have a knowledge about learning a new language . 
  i had bought torchlight 2 a week ago and installed it.is it worth playing and does it have a big community ? 
  check your facts and then post so you do n't look like a retard . 
  nice try , joe 's shanghai ceo, 
  http://www.youku.com/ copy of www.youtube.com, 
  moot, 
  do n't upvote ,, 
  he is not angry enough . 
  the man is dead, 
  it is not free for real . . to play the game correctly yo need to be a subscriber, 
  this may make me switch from cyanogenmod , but i will wait until cm releases nightly or experimental for i9300 of 10.1 . . 
  i am afraid more if it is a resistant screen . . 
  shit, 
  how is your schizophrenic girlfriend doing ? 
  the one resulted from incest and who did an iama ... . .539 days ago , did she suicide ? 
  it traumatizes them . 
  i asked a question . . she was n't on reddit since 49d so i assumed the worst, 
  yes it 's great, 
  so how is she ? 
  exit data, 
  exit data was only an example, 
  luke , i am your father . 
  can you send me a pm ? 
  i wo n't continue this discussion here and reddit sync ( android app ) the does not let me send pms , only respond . 
  it had happened for me in the last month , no wipe shit , and i 'm hairy and male . 
  gta 5 will be on pc , but later than on consoles . 
  it could be a year . 
  why do i see you everywhere i go ? 
  better post it to reddit !,
