  sorry for my bad english i am tired , so i 'll continue . 
  consciously we can not do what the subconscious can do , like design a mirror city without any scratches . 
  the things in lucid dreams are like the ones schizophrenics talk about when they have hallucinations . 
  strange things looking at them , which act extremely weird and scare the victim . 
  we have to identify which part of the brain is the one causing hallucinations , i suspect it is the same that creates our dreams , a scientific explanation is that a substance is secreted during sleeping that causes our dreams , which is secreted when schizophrenics are awake in a smaller quantity , so they still know what 's real and what 's not . 
  if you are looking for a more in depth conversation i 'd rather continue it on steam or something because it 's much better than having a conversation in a comment thread, 
  i 'm installing it right now so i 'll be at the beginning , but i 'll see how it is first, 
  that is my isp http://www.speedtest.net/result/2021801102.png, 
  the server . . http://www.speedtest.net/result/2085405728.png, 
  i have done it a month ago . . i am not sure if i lost sensitivity but i mostly did it because i had an uti caused by the mucus in the gland which could n't be cleaned off since i had prognosis too . . it 's better now since i do n't go to the bathroom every 5 mins but i think i did the right choice . 
  preputioplasty is n't done in this country and at a private clinic they would have charged me a lot of money . . 
  so the advantage for me was that i do n't have the problems it caused me meaning the uti and disadvantages i do n't know so far since it did n't kenitize or whatever the term is and it stings sometimes . 
  after it is fully healed i 'll check if i lost sensitivity , i remember i had a dream and i woke up with my pants wet and exactly after that dream i had the sensation ( orgasm i think ) and it was basically the same as before circumcision , but this was induced by the brain in a dream so i do n't know how it 'll be consciously . . i hope i did n't lose the sensitivity but overall i do n't regret my decision . 
  i 'm in romania can i join the tournament ? 
  there used to be a bug at l4d2 launch where you could edit the settings in the left 4 dead folder in order to show in steam game ###### . 
  i put half life 3 and it was saying in game half life 3 , good times, 
  you would n't that important to the people you think you know about, 
  syria should n't exist, 
  why, 
  sony banned me from psn . . can not pay anymore , good luck, 
  did she have really small fingers ? 
  you said an year ago on macro subreddit about your girlfriend 's small fingers which i assume is ex now, 
  srs, 
  conservatives in europe are extremely different from american conservatives . 
  in the us conservative people are more like republican people who want a nation dictated by religion as i 've seen here , in europe conservative people are more like liberal ( on social issues ) people who just want to do it the way it has been done so far , meaning in the swiss case that he meant that in switzerland it 's a long kept habit for children to know that in order to have a very good income and lead a good life they have to study well . 
  no , you are contributing to society by being active and not being a lazy ass living on a welfare it does n't need, 
  it means 18 us dollars per month, 
  i should add that it 's the biggest isp in this country and the speed will be available in most cities, 
  even if romania is not a good country to live in compared to the us , the isps here actually are competitive , apart from the us monopolies, 
  you bitch, 
  it is, 
  that 's an extremely bad argument, 
  evolution is about reproduction, 
  i 'm pretty tired so i engage in an argument , maybe tomorrow, 
  do you really not have diabetes anymore ? 
  european union is way richer than us , so china has no chance to become # 1 , they can not get over the american economy in any means, 
  lol , you have no idea about eu, 
  when i fall asleep and hear the bombs and the screams i realise i am in sleep paralysis, 
  i have windows 8.1 and it 's much better than 7 . 
  much faster , more friendly to my 1 gbps, 
  you are retarded, 
  i have sleep apnea too , are you restless after sleep ? 
  1gbps ? 
  i have 1 gbps now for 18 dollars in eastern europe, 
  i use nasonex but it 's useless . 
  i never was able to smell for real , my rhinitis allergy is sinking the pores in secretions so i can not smell . . also i have sleep apnea from rhinitis allergy, 
  do you sleep better now ? 
  what are your payouts, 
  no , before the surgery, 
  damn . . i live in eastern europe and i want to make use of my internet and earn money , maybe host some servers with my connection ? 
  any plans for future gta games ? 
  ah i was thinking rockstar could hire the mta dev team for a better gta 5 online pc experience, 
  i 'd rather support the sites i visit, 
  it 's not about being worthy , it 's about being capable which applies for me too, 
  you might be colorblind, 
  i knew one poster and she said that she was doing all this to make money off neckbeards buying her panties , if you look through the posts of many posters they are desperate to sell panties to retarded fat neckbeards, 
  russia is a conservative country, 
  you better shut up before you spread your retarded ideas, 
  i know 4 languages since i was young : russian , romanian , english and french . 
  it 's definitely easier when you 're young but you can learn them any time if you make a habit out of it, 
  yes , but some of these these help the people who ca n't find any job elsewhere, 
  that 's a very bad logic, 
  automatically, 
  que ? 
  then depression must be just a state of mind , you found the answers scientists have been looking for for decades, 
  i would have gone if i.lived in the right dimension, 
  4k videos load very fast for me entirely no time to buffer by the way it 's an amazing video i wish i could do animations like that, 
  i have 1000 mbps and youtube 4k videos are working perfectly without buffer time, 
  my 8 year rottweiller died a year ago on 26th october , they have too short lives ... 
  thanks man.can i eat bread with cream cheese ? 
  i do n't know if bread has carbohydrates and i do n't think i 'll cheat since i do n't really have an appetite . 
  i am at 72kg 1.80 right now ( 158lbs 6ft i think in american values ) so i do n't have to lose a lot of weight since i lost 5-6 kg this summer, 
  unfortunately, 
  you make some great games , i pirated eu 4 because i do n't have enough money to buy it , i 'm very sorry and i 'd like to support you . 
  i hope i 'll be able to make some money to buy eu4 because it 's such a great game you deserve more recognition, 
  what 's the difference between ck2 and eu4 ? 
  i am the consumer receiving free products in exchange for ads, 
  how are you so rich boss, 
  why am i so poor, 
  hehe, 
  i searched but i wanted to know for sure, 
  i tried programming a lot of times but i am not capable of that , i keep forgetting things and practice is really useless . . 
  i am much better at fixing computer problems , modding consoles and a lot of that stuff but i ca n't earn money from that in eastern europe . 
  i do n't know why i can not learn programming and why it support is much easier for me , it 's very annoying and made me abandon all my dreams about being a successful programmer, 
  i do n't know about ruby , at my school they enforce algorithms with basics in c++ which i can not understand at all , but recreating them for another set of algorithms is impossible which may led to me change my class ( i am in a comp sci french class ), 
  i 've tried a lot of stuff including fitness , keto and others , while i know what my problem exactly is it 's expensive to treat here . 
  i have sleep apnea from rhinitis allergy which makes me choke in my sleep unconsciously which blocks the oxygen to the heart and the brain , leading to a lot of problems during the day . 
  because of it i have sleep paralysis which i 've gotten used to but it 's extremely annoying . . 
  my treatment was to take a tablet ( montelukast ) each evening to slow the build-up of secretions each night , it worked for a few months but now it 's useless since i built a tolerance for it . 
  this thing destroys the quality of life , i can not smell because too many secretions , i can not breath because too many secretions , i needed ears surgery because too many secretions which infected my ears with otitis and because the doctors are corrupt in romania i was about to be deaf for life . 
  there 's nothing i can do to it anymore , of course i can not focus at school and programming because my brain is not getting enough oxygen . 
  every time i try to focus for a longer time i get a very painful headache and if i try further my brain starts blacking out ( meaning i read without being conscious of it which leads to me reading a few paragraphs and not remembering any of them ), 
  sorry for the wall of text here , it 's a very difficult problem and i wish i could solve it , here 's why you should appreciate that you live in the us where you can get a proper diagnosis and treatment without doctors trying to get all the money out of you in a so called free healthcare country . . 
  the conclusion is that i left programming and i do n't really like getting depressed each time when trying to learn it . 
  it 's not easy to do anything of that sort here and getting paid for more than 100-150 euros per month, 
  always, 
  yes i need one of these machines . 
  my parents are pretty rich compared to others so there may be some hope that at the next ear check appointment i 'll be able to get the doctor on my side and rent one of these machines . 
  do you have a steam or skype account to chat ? 
  i ca n't seem to find you my steam id is andreiro2009 and there is virtual + cyrillic letters,
