  ah damn i dont have a mic :( good luck with your tournament and thanks for giving players chances to win money, 
  ah if i had a mic i would have participated, 
  i do n't like you, 
  you are fucking retarded, 
  all you do is repost, 
  yes, 
  yes, 
  it 's $ 50 for god 's sake . 
  i 'm 75 and i do n't have money, 
  it worked, 
  they said yes, 
  yes, 
  there 's a white face, 
  you nigger, 
  why do n't you go drown in your ghetto ? 
  racist, 
   edgy, 
  get a fucking life you retard, 
  i feel sorry for your parents, 
  stop oppressing me :( ( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  i do n't have a sister . 
  no problem, 
  lol what ? 
  that 's all you can say ? 
  you do n't have a life, 
  ia digi ,5 euro nelimitat cu 5gb internet, 
  pe filelist descarc un sezon din game of thrones in 2-3 minute ( 5gb ) pe tpb in 2-3 ore, 
  am zis ca imi ia 2-3minute un sezon nu un episod . 
  majoritatea filmelor pe filelist au subtitrare inclusa si nu am chef sa caut subtitrari, 
  poor goatman, 
  what if your boyfriend was the goatman ? 
  feminists hate men, 
  according to france , facts are racist, 
  sure , as long as they are not men maybe, 
  se pare ca ai un laptop care nu suporta banda n din moment ce esti limitat la 2,4 mb, 
  do you sleep 2 hours per night . . ? 
  i do n't work, 
  ce naiba nu intelegi am zis steam nu clientele de torrent , in plus nu cred ca poza aia e reala din moment ce 1gbps = 125 mb in viteza de pe torrent, 
  that is coming from a feminist blog so it has no value, 
  i 'm russian and i can tell you 're anally hurt if you looked through my post history, 
  offended ? 
  someone who posts in srs isnt a normal person, 
  i just do n't like you, 
  stupid, 
  nope, 
  yes it is because you post in srs, 
  the subreddit you `` enjoy * is the most toxic shithole on reddit . 
  this says a lot, 
  sexualized pictures of children ? 
  there 's nothing like that on reddit . 
  and i do n't care about the existence of such subreddits , everyone fits in the group they want to fit in, 
  that 's not a good friend , abandon her, 
  happens to me too but i have brain lesions, 
  mooby dick, 
  i hear music when there is no music and i see things out of the corner of my eyes , i hope i do n't have it . 
  he is drunk, 
  others do n't vote brigade , you do . 
  no it 's genetics, 
  i miss this game, 
  pay debt . . 
  they get a massive boost in downvotes , it 's pretty clear seeing the score before the post gets posted on srs and after . 
  some admin likes to defend everything srs does including brigading , probably some idiot from `` something awful '' . 
  srs 's userbase comes from tumblr which is one of the shittiest sites on the internet, 
  it 's not scary to me , it 's a place full of outcasts sjw who affect the laws of countries which listen to these retarded feminists like sweden . 
  my `` pleasant '' time is n't composed of `` cute cat pictures and gifs of game of thrones '', 
  feminism had 3 waves . 
  first wave has gotten women the right to vote , the second wave has gotten women the right to work . 
  i support the first 2 waves , but the 3rd wave is full of `` white male privilege '' `` let 's accept all africans and muslims in european countries '' `` stop culture appropriation '' `` uk colonized the world so it deserves sharia law '', 
  people with mental disabilities do not care if you call someone random retarded, 
  i do, 
  women already have more rights than men, 
  [ most child custody cases are won by women ] ( http://www.leadershipcouncil.org/1/pas/dv.html ), 
  [ men lives destroyed by false rape accusations ] ( http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/rape-accused-my-life-is-in-ruins/story-e6freuy9-1226474720728?nk=ce537391c980a40ec71c5cda461e5814 ), 
  there are more but i have chosen these from impartial sites, 
  your money has to be worth more than that, 
  you ca n't get a virus unless you run a random . exe or java driveby, 
  i know that 's why i asked for a subreddit, 
  well i have a transaction log , i 'll try selling through that site too but buyers are pretty far away, 
  well it 's the first time i see a well thought response from someone from srs . 
  the problem is that the sites you used are biased , i mean tumblr , one feminist blog and another feminist site . 
  what you about what happens after rape accusations is actually the opposite of reality ( the reality i 've seen from stories ) , i do n't know how many men accused with rape or women who accused the rape you have known , but most stories show the opposite . 
  also the 54 % rape cases is from a biased source too , it 's very hard to find unbiased sources these days that 's why arguments like this never end . 
  a while ago i 've seen [ this article ] ( http://feminspire.com/debunking-the-caveman-excuse-why-rape-is-not-natural/ ) . 
  this shows how feminist `` debunking '' biological traits of some species show that feminism is trying to edit notions of basic biology and notions like racism . 
  i 'm sorry for not clarifying some points but i 'm extremely tired right now, 
  i 'm in eastern europe where there 's no such thing :(, 
   look . 
  every site is biased . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  you 're biased . 
  i 'm biased . 
  human beings are incapable of writing without bias and that 's a fact . 
  it 's possible to recognize when bias is twisting facts versus when it 's not . 
  those links cite scientific studies that are not biased . 
  i can not access the `` scientific studies '' from these articles , looks like a paywall . 
   * does that contradict `` everything is biased '' ??? 
  shit . 
  hopefully you know what i mean .
