  i 'm for a radical movement because something really needs to happen . 
  most of the people who find excuses for these `` minorities '' are american people that some day may find that most of the crimes in the us are done by black people and the ghettos show why some places turn to shit because of open immigration ), 
  are you blind ? 
  i was at the home of a muslim family of a colleague and the food was great even if they do n't eat pork . 
  i am not discriminating all muslims but some of them come from extremist countries and they do n't want a change in their lives , they want a change in others '' lives . 
  i do n't mean that every muslim out there is an extremist , but there are very many extremists and if you would live in a muslim area you 'd know how it is ( i do n't live but i know some who live ), 
  top lel, 
  that 's your opinion but facts say otherwise . 
  stop finding excuses for people that do crimes which are a sign of the true attribute of that race, 
  i do n't care about mohammed . 
  we live in the 21st century , i should n't be affected by the actions of what some idiot prophet done to protect his converts . 
  it is not justifiable . 
  wtf, 
  apple does not like competition, 
  is it fast ? 
  eastern europe is backwards only in the places affected very much from communism like romania, 
  that 's why you are a mormon, 
  what subreddits are you browsing people, 
  we did it reddit, 
  playstation master race, 
  then why do the people here generalize the entire reddit community with the idiots from gone wild ? 
  i know i do , 
  you are lucky to be in the us i hope i get it by december/january, 
  i do , faggot, 
  you edited your comment . . you said you find the universe too complicated for it to not be created by a god, 
  hehe, 
  do you ` really like that shit ??? 
  the girls there make some money too because desperate gonewild users buy their panties . 
  i talked to a foster poster there ( everssecrets if anyone remembers her ) and she said that she made a lot of money from selling panties . 
  that subreddit is full of idiots , commenters and posters aside, 
  donate , they would appreciate, 
  saved, 
  our based lord, 
  you 'll need a ssd for skyrim if you do n't like waiting, 
  naps make me feel more tired when waking up than when going to sleep, 
  i have very much difficulty in focusing for studying but that 's probably sleep apnea, 
  so much corruption, 
  i am not for killing them , i am for sending them to countries like iran saudi arabia and others . 
  i do n't want to see a war within europe because of apologists like you . 
  i want a safe place , civilized and progressive , and muslims are disrupting this . 
  europe was always better than muslim regions in the history . 
  i do n't know where you get your facts from . 
  by the way it 's not about the religion , i have showed you that video , watch it . 
  people that come from shariah countries want to change europe to their laws . 
  this is destroying europe as we know it . 
  we live better lives than them because we are not governed by religion of the state and extremists in other religions than muslim are being seen very bad compared to how extremists are seen by muslims . 
  extremists who come to europe because they want a better life want to change our territory because it does n't fit their ideals which are exactly the reason for which they live in shitholes . 
  do you want a sharia europe ? 
  do you want culture change to backwards ones in europe ? 
  i do n't think so , then why risk keeping the people who protest against our ideals about life in our territory instead of throwing them out ? 
  i do n't care if nazi germany had the same opinion about immigrants , not everything they did was bad but i am very anti nazist so do n't think i liked hitler . 
  do you see my point of view ? 
  in my childhood i met a muslim family that welcomed me in their home because i was a classmate with one of their sons . 
  i liked the food but over the years the one i was in class with left signs about oppression , i mean he was forced to do ramadan and he did n't see the point and things like that . 
  he hated the united states and he did n't contradict me when i said that muslim extremists are destroying their reputation . 
  i am not anti muslim , i am anti shariah supporters in europe who come to lead a better life and destroy ours . 
  it 's not a hate thread , i just want to show the fact that riot lured dota 1 players to their game and then refused to acknowledge anything about dota as a model . 
  i never lived in russia so i dont know about gay oppression, 
  there is a huge difference between greece and western europe , most of the muslim immigrants come to western europe where it is foward , not backwards . 
  have you read my entire post ? 
  i do not hate muslims , i hate the shariah supporters, 
  [ quote ] i am not anti muslim , i am anti shariah supporters in europe who come to lead a better life and destroy ours . 
  [ / quote ], 
  by the way i am not nationalist or anything like that , i am actually the opposite . 
  stop being so afflicted and try to lead a civilized conversation . 
  i admit that many of your points are true , but you are trying to force the idea of me hating muslims when i said that i do n't hate muslims , i hate the extremist ones who think their culture is superior to ours and want to change our countries to look like their former ones . 
  stop the anti us garbage hate , you do not understand why they did what they did because you are so emotionally invested in protecting muslims . 
  by the way i never fucking said deport muslims , i said deport the shariah supporters who are protesting and oppressing us while they feel they are opressed . 
  i know the difference between sunni and shiite and others , but i do not care about that . 
  i met some iranians in dota 2 which said they hate islam and the supreme leader , that 's how they are waking up , leave them develop their countries , support the rebels in autoritharian countries like iran and that 's how muslims will become civilized , but do not let the extremists come to europe . 
  i do not want in the future to be `` oppressed '' by muslim `` minorities '' , you sound like you think white people can not be oppressed . 
  that video i showed you shows that the extremists are in extremely large numbers . 
  and coming to the russia topic , i never supported any religion in the state in this debate , i am against any involvement of religion in politics . 
  russia is a very shitty country , but that is because the majority is conservative and support the church . 
  the faith is in the youth that over time has been showing that they are leading liberal ideals , which will change the country to the better . 
  i do n't understand why you do n't consider my point of view . 
  does it sound ultra nationalistic ? 
  i do n't think so , it sounds like a defensive ideal of mine . 
  in the future i want to move to western europe / the us and by that time i do n't want to go into places and be oppressed that i am not a muslim, 
  when lol first started they said that the lol developer community was formed by dota 1 devs , which it was not . 
  if you look into waybackmachine version of the site you 'll see, 
  do you use steam or skype to talk via chat ? 
  even if the name sounds xenophobic most of the sources can be found on wikipedia . 
  the video i showed you shows a real life experience , it 's not an agenda . 
  i live in romania in eastern europe where the gypsies are the main issue , i am feeling oppressed because they do not pay taxes , they get better treatment from the government , they demand more things , they steal a lot , they have golden homes from all that money stolen , they hate white people . 
  enough reasons for you ? 
  when i move to western eu or us i do n't want to be in a sharia controlled area, 
  i know it 's daily mail but you can find other sources , i actually was in the uk and saw these posters and people that insulted me in london because i do not wear arab clothes . 
  is n't that oppression ? 
  add andreiro2009 on steam and we can talk directly and i 'll provide sources, 
  the attacks are raising http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islamic_terrorist_attacks, 
  there are attacks in the uk too , even a dedicated page to them but not enough information, 
  by the way tell me if you added me here because i am on mobile, 
  fucking idiot , this is not funny, 
  you should hang yourself , retarded piece of shit, 
  you exceed the average chromosome number, 
  what 's so bad about blizz these days ? 
  yes , still . . 
  i hope samsung will send me a new battery, 
  how do i replace them ?
