  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim [ ] ( upvote if you cry everytim ), 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  *** ~ ~ [ ] ( upvote if you cry everytim ) ~ ~ ***, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  upvote if you cry everytim [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  upvote if you cry everytim, 
  why did n't you try to convince them to get a nexus 7 or your tablet then ? 
  do n't promote your blog using reddit, 
  simply because it is the best os out there for people like me ( that want more freedom on their devices ), 
  also i love to show isheeps how crappy their overpriced products are . 
  in my country it still is the same price as the sgs3 , and it is my first phone after lg bl40 so it is a big jump for me . 
  edit : also have something to add , so my friend who has an iphone 4 thinks it still is the best phone and says android is shit , this is why i said what i said , not all apple users are like that but many i know of are like that . 
  in my country the price is the same for both, 
  you may have schizophrenia . 
  you worked a lot for this , but you should n't try to explain that thing , since you will mess up like he did . 
  it used to be more than 700 euro here , immagine if sgs3 is the same price as iphone 4s now , before sgs3 the price was around 700-800 euro and that would be the price or even more for iphone 5 when it reaches here, 
  fallout 3 or new vegas ? 
  i want to try it, 
  a lot more people, 
  how are the graphics ? 
  you should try jc 2 mp, 
  that 's not true at all.one friend of mine has jailbreak which gives him directly installous and cydia and he just downloads the pirated game without any effort , all people i know with iphones jailbreak their iphones and download pirated games , do n't even pay for anything.i consider piracy to be higher on ios than on android.people pay for their apps on android , otherwise no one would develop anymore . 
  see dead trigger , both android and ios , it became free because the piracy is the same on both . . easy and not stressful , though jelly bean has some improvements regarding this i heard . 
  lose it, 
  i have an account called gabe newell too , google +, 
  there are no statistics i found about ios owners willing to pay for apps more than android users.second thing you said is purely ignorance , since why the android market goes higher and higher if `` no one pays for the apps '' ? 
  i know many android developers and they made back in time apps for ios users too , look what , android users paid more for the same apps that were published on the app store too . 
  ( price being the same ), 
  i mean just cause 2 multiplayer.it is the type of game you would want for stunts and such things . 
  [ ] ( http://www.jc-mp.com/ ) it happens to have beta access on 24 hours sometimes , so check that site whenever you can , since the game is great and you would have many views with it ( depends on your gameplay ), 
  i do n't see a bright future for apple . 
  on my second point i meant that i know android developers that reached more money on android market than on app store while the prices of apps being the same . 
  i meant that no one would develop for android anymore if your point was right , that it is a `` piracy rifle '' . i am sure ios users put the same effort on pirating and many of them do it , while still android users do it but not in the quantity you think of . 
  read this arcticle http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/appsblog/2012/jun/10/apple-developer-wwdc-schmidt-android, 
  they can not track so easily the number of pirated copies . 
  though i will quit this argument since you seem to support ios more and i android more . -, 
  do you own an apple product ? 
  that is very stupid.read stories on / r/android, 
  i myself have a sgs3 and it is much better than my last phone.i compared it to an iphone too , and the iphone did n't get out of the battle as a winner.still the samsung galaxy s beats iphone 4s on many categories , so sgs3 will still be over iphone 5 . 
  it always used to happen to me , then i found the save button . 
  maybe you were writing about android while thinking about ios, 
  * pc ubuntu 12.04 64-bit dualboot cu win7 64 bit, 
  i am from north of you ( craiova , romania ) , 
  what city do you live in ? 
  i will come this month later on your seaside  can you recommend me a good station ? 
  i was at albena last time, 
  i am thinking of golden sands  never heardd of primorsko  . my funds can go up to 1000 euro ( 3 persons : my parents and me , btw i am 15 years old  ) . i am looking to an `` all inclusive '' or `` ultra all inclusive '' offer that includes food and its hotel to have a pool or something and be somewhat close to the sea.the room does n't have to be that good since i will spend more time outside.my mother searches for offers on our tourism offers regarding bulgaria since it is much better than the romanian seaside, 
  thanks for your advices :d, 
  it 's not a ripoff for its price and has better specs than the ipad, 
  i ca n't understand the last part, 
  business service in my country is $ 90 for 10 gbps , and 1 gbps is guaranteed , 
  [ ] ( / steve ), 
  before dumping her , you should have put lego in her entire room , at night , and lock the door after she came in, 
  you are very wrong , they just search it on google and then publish the method on the chat , `` clever hack '' would n't try to enter ea servers, 
  thanks for the information , will do next time i post something on this subreddit, 
  trust me , it is not the case , i used to steal origin keys from these people , they are goddamn stupid, 
  they are actually low paid indians , you can see by their names , and they look up your question and google and just try to find a solution , they do n't have their own base . 
  go to religion and aids if you want to read more about it on your own , and about aids in general . 
  i heard that jinns can actually posses people and animals.also can take forms of trees and everything . 
  life saver, 
  . gs stands for south georgia, 
  i do n't understand what the site tries to show . 
  i 'm glad i do n't live out there , 
  i live in europe and in my region i do n't have to deal with them . 
  i lost 4 budgies last year until today , i know the pain and when i think about it . . 
  i hope that in the afterlife i will meet my lost friends , when i look through their photos i start to cry . . and i do now . 
  some photos of one of my lost budgies ( blue one ), 
  she is still there.don ' t forget her.she is waiting for you . 
  fantastic photo . 
  spend time with him , you will have beautiful memories . 
  everyone can see that , no need of pointing it . 
  le android le not steal le apple, 
  ads is what they got revenue from , you are the idiot here . 
  i moved from romania ( 1000 mbps 8 euro ) to italy ( 20 mbps 15 euro ), 
  [ ] ( / red ), 
  them are fake likes , reddit is more popular and votes are real here . 
  the main provider invests a lot in new equipment that can go up to 2.4 gbps and the plan is 8 euro . 
  i use teamviewer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile&amp;feature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50zwftdmlld2vylnrlyw12awv3zxiubwfya2v0lm1vymlszsjd, 
  uita-te la sondaje de opinie in moldova , la ele m-am referit , nu imi pasa mie de sondajele facute in romania , aici e vorba despre luarea unui teritoriu care nu apartine romaniei . 
  am mai multe `` nationalitati '', 
  i used to keep cheat codes of gta : sa on a paper like that and was too afraid to go on google and search for codes because of `` viruses '', 
  doing what right ? 
  i do n't see the interest in this kind of posts , every kid in the childhood finds some things like video games interesting and addicting , it is not so special to post an image showing an 8 year old playing , since every kid plays video games if them are addicting . 
  ea used to be really good , but their greedy will go the company bankrupt . 
  i wish wow was n't so much about farming . 
  there are too many posts like this , it needed to be said . 
  it works only if you have a plan with american tv providers . 
  you do realize this comic is about an imagined supposed to be funny event right ? 
  yes,
