  i 'd like to go into a tornado, 
  i 've never seen such a butthurt feminist, 
  you are assuming wrong , nobody cares about what you might say . 
  you 're just a worthless idiot who thinks he can make a difference by judging groups of people on the internet while you suck at your real life . 
  being an irremediable asshole for people like you is something good in my mind because you are useless members of the society . 
  you can check my post history , i do not have a single comment/post there, 
  so you 're stupid ? 
  did your father leave you ? 
  yes, 
  in romania $ 18 gets you 1000 mbps, 
  what 's / r/news and / r/technology without microsoft employees ? 
  microsoft must be paying you a lot, 
  no he 's just trying to sabotage google 's reputations by any means , looks to me like an astrosurfer from microsoft . 
  if there 's any corporation that could rule a country it would be google, 
  do n't bother with microsoft employees, 
  how do you know ? 
  i hate idiots like you who keep on spamming that retarded subreddit / r/thathappened, 
  romania is better with $ 18 for 1000, 
  damn get your brain checked sjw, 
  is it that hard not to download random things on the internet ? 
  scammers are pretty straight forward these days, 
  fuk u stupid retard, 
   srs, 
  i have the symptoms of fibro and i lost around 15 kg i 'm at around 63kg now but it did not help me at all, 
  i tried that , no effects . 
  also coffee does not have any effect on me , i have liver disease and that makes me tired . 
  ( causes brain lesions too ), 
  how did you move to finland ? 
  i wonder how someone with european citizenship can immigrate to finland, 
  the country i live in is not in schengen, 
  can i join ? 
  any slots left ? 
  thanks for the information  if i win the lottery i 'm going to move, 
  fantasy league not found, 
  there are no egalitarians, 
  i meant that feminists do not believe in equality , feminism in theory is good but in practice as seen anywhere is very toxic to the egalitarian movement . 
  it was darkcomet or cybergate, 
  search cybergate , spynet and darkcomet on sites like hackforums, 
  added, 
  added, 
  romania, 
  that 's why i buy everything from mother russia, 
  the european union 's retarded taxes , i 'm a russian living in europe and when i go back to russia i buy all the games i wanted since the european prices are very shitty for the country i live in, 
  i always wanted to learn programming since i was young but i never could because i have liver disease . 
  had adderall been available i 'd be far now, 
  you 're lucky you live in the us . 
  i can not get the treatment in europe . 
  thanks a lot for this , you devs are great people, 
  where can we donate ? 
  i 'm sorry you get down voted because of these / r/circlejerk retards , i totally agree with you . 
  jesus christ man , you sound like you have down syndrome, 
  are you on cocaine or adderall ? 
  good . 
  they would if they did n't try to implement sharia . 
  i 'm happy to see the votes results, 
  eu needs to change its policies and fix that damned immigration system . 
  we should be able to move freely in europe but not accept anyone from extremist countries with implemented sharia law . 
  no wonder far right parties are getting more and more popular with the muslims rallying for sharia, 
  homogenous societies for the future . 
  many places were/are going to be destroyed by multiculturalism, 
  fuck the marxism in the european union, 
  keep on releasing these liberal tears, 
  because reddit is full of liberal marxists, 
  from your reply i can deduce that you have some mental deficiency, 
  good news for europe, 
  it is an extremist majority, 
  you 're right , english is not my first language . 
  they will if they are not stopped . 
  more of them increases the chance of an actual islamic united kingdom, 
  there is no way you can see that for every immigrant , the best kind of society is a homogenous one . 
  multiculturalism brought us higher rates of crime and rape . 
  i do n't think you even live in europe . 
  more immigration ? 
  did you even see how bad the life for the average european is becoming because of more immigrants ? 
  lower pay for work , higher taxes and for what ? 
  to give some lazy religious extremist people welfare checks ? 
  i used to be a liberal but i 've seen the error of modern liberalism which is what will bring us to a civil war if we do n't take measures now . 
  i could show you a lot of evidence for which crime rates and rape rates have increased with the surplus of muslim immigration . 
  there are a lot of events done in the name of islam which all have the same message `` beheaded be the infidels '' . 
  you do n't understand the severity of the muslim immigration and most of your points are actually opinions strengthened by being in a liberal marxist environment . 
  i used to be like you , culturally progressive , more immigration and so on . 
  i decided that is not the path i want europe to take so i 've changed my views . 
  you could search for the evidence i 've been saying about on google and if you ever ask yourself where the world is heading you might be able to see past your views . 
  europe is not for africans or extremist muslims . 
  it is for civilized and educated people and i do n't want to be afraid to be white in 20 or 30 years in europe . 
  the liberal movement is saying : you 're white ? 
  bend over and let the minorities take everything you own and everything you 've worked for and your society and transform it into a shithole . 
  i 've had good experienced with muslims too but that 's not showing the law which influences them into trying to jeopardize the laws of european countries and change it into sharia shitholes . 
  yes my initial response could be interpreted as sarcastic but i totally agree with you . 
  nice seeing people which are able to see why immigration is becoming bigger and bigger of a problem, 
  i have nothing to discuss with a marxist , you can keep your delusional views, 
  it 's not about robotic economy , it 's about the fact that the life in europe ( at least western europe ) used to be much better 10 years ago , i could go in italy and work for 5000-6000 pounds per month just by painting someone 's walls , now if you earn 1500 euros by doing hard work that can even kill you you are lucky . 
  europe is not supposed to be compared with the us, 
  actually the neckbeard in this case is you , defending someone lazy and unhealthy, 
  giving a healthy advice is being a cunt ? 
  life is harsh, 
  china is getting better and better , whereas the us is getting worse, 
  it does n't work well , my ping is n't the same as in the console, 
  the game had some pretty creative writers, 
  if a man is a feminist then that man is retarded,
