  and ends the current line . 
  an expression contains operators and operands , both of which can take on many forms . 
  in our, 
  hello , world !, 
  expression , the two < < symbols are operators , and std : : cout , `` hello , world ! '', 
  and std : : endl are operands . 
  every operand has a type . 
  we shall have much more to say about types , but essentially , a, 
  type denotes a data structure and the meanings of operations that make sense for that data, 
  structure . 
  the effect of an operator depends on the types of its operands , 
  what can i do to become better at learning a language ? 
  python and javascript seemed so easy , this one looks extremely hard . . i start to think that i have add and need adderall from what i read on the internet . 
  i hope i can save some money for this game for pc , i finished it a while ago on ps3 . . 
  every time i see arma 2 i get angry because i paid $ 15 for it on sale and after days of playing they globally banned me for no reason . . i sent them an email and did n't receive any response yet , i wo n't buy dayz standalone . 
  what language did you start with ? 
  i am starting with c , i aim for unity , too . 
  ps3 exclusives are extremely good.i do not regret buying a ps3, 
  and he goes away like nothing happened . 
  bad promotion, 
  any link to that one ? 
  apple would n't allow android on their devices . 
  the s2 has 4.1.2 now . 
  bad joke, 
  go away, 
  nationalismul este ceea ce este prin [ definitie ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nationalism ), 
   a sense of national consciousness exalting one nation above all others and placing primary emphasis on promotion of its culture and interests as opposed to those of other nations or supranational groups . 
  example : the war was caused by nationalism and greed . 
  you should go to north korea, 
  i do n't think worms cam get high, 
  maybe he is on android, 
  mods on / r/pyongyang are so weird on their comment history . 
  i 'm on reddit sync and i can not, 
  srs, 
  android can into space, 
  i thought they had more, 
  yes , like other phones that were launched at the sgsii time were even updated to ics, 
  schizophrenia can be caused by acid , that feeling of paranoia may stay your whole life, 
  what was your first programming language, 
  cancer, 
  i hope you get raped, 
  you shall isolate yourself , fucking lonely neckbeard, 
   implying you are a woman/girl, 
  why ? 
  apple is not doing too good lately , meanwhile android goes better and better each day . 
  you are just a neckbeard pretending to be a girl, 
  everyone takes a shit, 
  i want to follow your way , but it 's hard for me to learn a programming language like java . . 
  sad, 
  i 'd love to try something like that, 
  try it , it 's easy and you can not really brick your device . 
  nobody really follows reddiquette, 
  i meant that everything is reversible and you have to try really hard or have bad luck to get the device bricked for real, 
  i really admire you , i hope to met you in my life , but i do not think this is possible.i aim to be a programmer , but it 's not very easy.thanks for doing this ama , you are a great person . 
  give me the food news, 
  idiot, 
  hungary, 
  video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r9laslf4hc, 
  does it have any benefits ? 
  ( your schizophrenia case ), 
  a report has shown that people with schizophrenia are smarter than the average person . 
  i have a lot of trouble reading a programmer book , i understand much easier from videos.by trouble i mean incapable , i just can not process the words in my memory ... do you think i am dyslexic ? 
  i take licethin and most of my problems are gone . . i am learning java by the way . 
  uhm ... 
  i know . . what is the age you found out you were schizophrenic ? 
  i have noticed that because of my calcium deficiency i used to not see well at far distances and could not hear very clear . 
  after i found out i have it , i got under treatment and my vision , memory/concentration , hearing got better . 
  get some blood tests done, 
  you are an idiot, 
  we do n't really need to know that you 're pooping and also the universe can not end, 
  when will they learn ? 
  cancer bro, 
  is n't galaxy s2 from 2011 ? 
  we are expecting the s4 and you are talking about a device released one year and a half prior to the s2 . 
  nobody cares of your shiny new iphone btw, 
  i did n't expect obama respond for the patent laws, 
  it 's a bootloader , flash the stock firmware with odin, 
  i started with java i find it much easier than c and i aim for android apps, 
  4.1.2 yes, 
  if you recommend any medication or tips to improve memory . 
  well , i do n't know how to implement something i do n't like in the long memory span , i remember all the shit about interesting subjects , but when i try to learn something useful for me , i just can not process it and forget it . . 
  us telecoms . . 
  i 'd get sleep paralysis . . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , update via kies or flash the stock 4.1.2 firmware.if you are ignorant and do n't know how to search for your android version , then do n't blame samsung . 
  i see no clarification anywhere about you talking about verizon . . outside your tag ... 
  it also is carrier 's fault by not providing you with the latest updates , they have to include their bloat out there . . it is n't samsung 's fault here.it happens with all devices , even the galaxy nexus on verizon or htc . 
  you are so ignorant i can not even believe it . 
  i have a warranty from cosmote too , but i flashed a lot of custom roms . 
  you do not lose warranty if you flash another r\u00c9gion stock rom . 
  they can not even tell the difference . 
  also that warranty is purely useless , because they will give you another only if it has an internal issue . 
  do n't blame samsung if you are an idiot that does n't know anything about carriers policy and warranty . 
  it does n't matter if you live in a poor country in eastern europe , it 's your choice if you stay with orange or what shitty carriers you have and not flash an uk 4.1.2 firmware, 
  i 'm tired of seeing anti samsung posts , if you bought a samsung device then you bought a touchwiz device, 
  if it does n't get up to your expectations buy a nexus or something , stock android is very different from touchwiz, 
  they can tell what rom it is , but they do n't care . 
  also you are on stock firmware which is the same with the other regions , vodafone or cosmote or orange do n't even check for the flash counter and the warranty is useless . 
  romanian carriers are as greedy as the us ones , so it would be extremely difficult to get a replacement if you caused it to malfunction, 
  does n't matter , it will say something like cosmote samsung galaxy s3 or orange samsung galaxy note 2, 
  pls respond,
