  also since you 've been raised in both the west and chechnya you 're not a valid candidate to tell us the thinking of your average chechen , a western way of growing up is going to fundamentally change your ideas . 
  this is the kind of exposure most chechens have n't had , therefore you 're null . 
  communist hitler is an analogy . 
  the analogy i was trying to build was that hitler and stalin both killed a lot of people , but one was a nazi and the other one a communist . 
  i did n't mean hitler was a communist . 
  hitler is very known for his atrocities and they gather up a lot more attention than stalin 's own atrocities . 
  i was trying to make stalin seem as the communist version of hitler , because while we hear a lot about the holocaust we do n't hear that much about the genocide stalin carried against the russians and some other ethnicities . 
   hodl, 
  shit 's going down . 
  maybe his dad is the beast titan ? 
  i hope they wo n't die . . and they manage to get eren and ymir to their home so that we can see what their home actually is . 
  how do we know they are the bad guys ? 
  there 's more to the stake here from what we 've been shown . . even if they tried to destroy humanity . . damn i 'm confused . 
  i think that there are more titan factions . . and the retarded titans we see ( the brainless ones ) are the lowest in the titan hierarchy . 
  reiner and bert do n't seem to align their values with the ones of the sasquatch titan , so they 're most likely in different factions . 
  the bald guy 's mother is now a titan , so we 've basically been shown that humans can be converted into titans somehow , even those that are not like eren and ymir . . 
  did n't he actually say that ironically ? 
  that 's a sign of brain damage . 
  if one has it , the urge to look into it may not prove beneficial at all . 
  my handwriting is pretty awful , probably because i used to write in russian cursive . 
  if i ca n't smell and no medicine could remedy this , could it mean that my nerves from the olfactory bulb are severed or they just do n't exist ? 
  i agree . . the rise is too volatile for me to get back on the rocket . 
  a dump like now would be catastrophic . . but at the same time a good chance for me to buy more . 
  all these people saying `` hodl '' during a spike like that have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  your crypto wo n't suddenly get $ 5b in `` market cap '' and keep going vertical . 
  it was pretty much given that it would crash to hell and back . 
  best way to profit out of this is to sell after the spike trend seems to diminish and rebuy after the big crash ( we 'll probably see it at 0.04 btc today , that 's probably a good time to buy back ) . 
  why would you buy at that price . . ??? 
  never buy during a spike like that , it 's just not sustainable . 
  it 's not even `` luck '' , it 's plain stupidity . 
  all these people who bought into the `` hodl '' meme have no idea how the cryptomarket works , buy when low , sell when you made a good profit . 
  if you 're going greedy , you might lose more . 
  you 'd make a way better profit if you sold during the spike and bought after the crash . 
  not happy to say this , but they sound like they have a death wish . 
  one is entertaining and one is so-so . . i quit dota 2 like 4 months ago , even sold all my items and tried to learn japanese which was nice at first , the first 2 alphabets are ez as hell but once you see kanji and try to learn it , it 's pretty easy to give up . 
  how the hell did you even get that idea from the op ? 
  if you 're just going to support your agenda without adding anything just go away . 
  she 's doing that shit intentionally , trust me . 
  something like that shows obvious personality flaws . 
  serial killer in training, 
  not trying to spread fud , but it 's not a good idea to mix emotion with gambling on cryptomarket , because when the dump comes the sky will feel pretty dark . 
  do you realize this is a spike ? 
  rip your money, 
  when you went to sleep it was $ 0.43 , now it is $ 0.33, 
  just add overwatch launcher.exe, 
  i 'm around 3530 , pm me if interested in letting me join your team, 
  that 's propaganda , there were some isis magazines posted a while ago and they were calling themselves daesh . 
  switch to what ? 
  most customers have no choice because there 's only one isp in their area . 
  i just reinstalled battle net and all friends are gone, 
  my dick just became a titan, 
  i guess we have to become used to these attacks , after all who cares about native europeans anymore . . 
  they 're winning heavily , your words do n't matter when they 're replacing your demographics . 
  the muslim brotherhood is as far as you can get from democracy . 
  scary , , not fascinating . 
  but i guess europeans wanted this with all these refugees welcome marches so let them have it . 
  russia warned against the assassination of gaddafi , but did the elitist people at the head of eu care ? 
  this is what no net neutrality feels like , 
  exactly , nobody is willing to talk about the spike of africa 's population . 
  it is sterile while in the bladder , but when it gets out it is no longer sterile . 
  go away . 
  i am not sure in what way they could help you . 
  this guy could have a dynamic ip and a large enough disposable income to pay $ 5 per account that would allow him to add and , as you say , harass people directly or indirectly . 
  maybe the best thing you and your friends could do is ignore/block requests from strangers , which should be common practice on steam because of the bots . 
  also , it should be pretty easy to tell whether an account was just created by looking at the badge and their steam level . 
  this is the best course of action you can follow , just be careful to not have any personal information tied to any string he can follow , after a while he will give up if he sees nothing he does illicits any reaction from you . 
  then i do n't know , i wish you luck though . 
  keep in mind that he feeds off any kind of reaction that he can provoke you , without this fuel he 'll lose his motivation quickly . 
  yeltsin 's russia was the worst one , chechen wars and all that . 
  zimbabweans voted for mugabe fully knowing what he would do . 
  let these people die , me and many others who heard about rhodesia have no sympathy for these `` people '' . 
  they would have a big caliphate . 
  do n't worry , we hate you people that bend forwards to enjoy the full penetration of a corporate dick , too . 
  no , it does and it will . 
  gaddafi could have stopped this . 
  most of these attackers claim allegiance to isis right before the attack , you do n't need `` known ties '' to isis to represent them . 
  that is why they are so dangerous , lone wolves are everywhere in europe right now . 
  i do n't give a shit about that . 
  i currently live in europe and i 'm tired of this shit , funny thing is i was fairly liberal before the immigration crisis . 
  trump is at least recognizing the true cause of these attacks , i 'll give him credit for that at least and seeing these arrogant people coming in these threads with their shitty copypastas that prove they have literally no idea what they 're talking about is fucked up . 
  check his post history , he made a thread called `` in light of recent events , are donald trump emblems reportable for being offensive in the same way swastika emblems are ? '', 
  and i 'm pretty sure that is not satirical considering the rest of his post history . 
  some people need a reality check , some people died , some people were injured and supporting an agenda that does n't even dare to recognize the perpetrators ' religion in a thread like this is just pathetic and rage inducing . 
  if you claim that the terrorist attacks that have been happening in europe are on the same scale as your own `` terrorist attack '' , then you 're too far gone . 
  i 'm not defending trump , in fact i think he 's a moron due to bowing down to the saudis and not letting syria deal with its own problems . 
  only thing i liked about trump was that in his campaign he supported the idea of `` america first '' which means letting the rest of the world deal with its own problems instead of us trying to police everyone that is n't in its influential sphere . 
  disability ? 
  let people spend their money as they please . 
  well , shit . 
  hahahahaha, 
  it 's not the birthplace of humans . . we may have originated in africa , but in the migrations of homo sapiens there was some mixing with the neanderthals living in europe and asia , which means the modern human 's origins are more complex than just `` we 're all african actually '' . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  it 's the same currency everywhere . 
  currencies like euro have the symbol after the number . 
  you can tell the cheaters from the `` good guys '' by trying to notice the subtle expressions they do . 
  for many it feels like a challenge to get into a relationship , but once they 're in it they tend to get slightly demotivated at the prospect of staying in that relationship . 
  these kind of people never cared about you in the first place , it 's all about their ego . 
  my advice is to have a small part of your mind dedicated to reasonable doubt , since it 's pretty hard to tell the expressions of these `` challengers '' . 
  it will tell you if something is wrong , then you can analyze it further and find out what the guy you found is actually like . 
  many of them try to manipulate you emotionally , if you see obvious signs of it it 's best to get out of that relationship or you 'll overlook bigger stuff progressively and then you will be way more vulnerable and end in a situation like the one you ended in .
