  yes , feminists dont want to show the negative aspects of feminism and because of this most people will never take them seriously, 
  you are the idiot here , feminism is n't bringing anything good it 's making us more distanced and most feminists are against men 's rights . 
  feminism is a radical movement that 's cancerous to the western society, 
  and you remind me why i ca n't take feminism seriously since you complain about imaginary comments, 
  you live in a fantasy world , that 's not how the world works . 
  this is a very bad joke, 
  this is a thing that should be discussed , not enforced, 
  what the fuck do you think you are ? 
  i do n't care if you 're black but nothing gives you the right to criticise others based on their skin color no matter it 's white, 
  well they 're right . 
  do n't integrate them into society only because they 're gay and black , integrate them if they have anything to contribute to the society, 
  your comment is useless, 
  you sounds very insecure , do you try to feel superior to imaginary le fedora neckbeard ? 
  you sound like an idiot, 
  i miss this game, 
  i agree with you , reddit is getting too tolerant, 
  no , patriarchy is n't real . 
  and how does a western movement help middle east women ? 
  sweden is going to be destroyed within 20 years by immigrants and too much liberalism, 
  i guess you like how the rate of rape , crime and many others is increasing with the influx of immigrants . 
  sweden will become a shithole because multiculturalism is a disease, 
   during the period 1997 -- 2001 , 25 % of the almost 1,520,000 offences for which a perpetrator was convicted were committed by people born in the middle east or eastern europe , while almost 20 % were committed by people with a foreign background who were born in sweden . 
  those from north africa and the middle east were also overrepresented . 
   in 2009 there were 15,700 [ 11 ] reported sexual offenses in sweden , a rise of 8 % compared to 2008 , of which 5,940 were rape and sexual harassment ( including exhibitionism ) accounted for 7,590 reports . 
  [ 1 ] in april 2009 , it was reported that sex crimes had increased by 58 % over the previous ten years . 
  [ 12 ] according to a 2009 european union study , sweden has one of the highest rates of reported rape in europe . 
  people like you are the reason nordic countries are going to shit, 
  if you ever make one feel free to add me http://steamcommunity.com/id/ghostvirtual, 
  i used to be like you , then i realised we are n't heading in the right direction . 
  too much tolerance will change the face of europe as we know it, 
  homogeneous societies are proved to be more viable than multiculturalist societies . 
  when you try to force other dangerous cultures to so called tolerant cultures you end up in a twist where the tolerant culture gets obliterated and the dangerous culture holds the new power . 
  you have your own opinions , i have mine . 
  we will see in a few years ow this will play out for sweden . 
  riots were only the beginning, 
  that 's reddit lately . . 
  you and your uncle are great people, 
  the western society has no patriarchy , the middle eastern one does . 
  where ? 
  i am open to discussion, 
  hello gaben how hard was it to promote steam in 2004 ? 
  when will steam for android get updated ? 
  why did valve not make a consumer version of its vr ? 
  gaben row 5, 
  20 hours is enough to learn cyka blyat when someone from your team feeds, 
  i would like come to ti4 but the plane tickets from europe cost a lot + hotel fees, 
  at what age did you work on your first game ? 
  thanks for taking the time to respond to my question , 
  i 'm trying to make a game in unity and it 's very challenging . 
  feminists *, 
  most of them are fat women who are too lazy to work of course they 'll complain, 
  they 're high in the oppression delusion, 
  most feminists need their biased needs to complain about everything that does n't support them directly, 
  le oppression, 
  of course it 's le patriarchy 's fault , not their fault because they 're fat lazy feminists who use tumblr/srs to vent, 
  i have anosmya and i like spicy foods, 
  you live in an imaginary world, 
  do you have to bring that in every thread ? 
  bun post, 
  no romania did n't pay back its debt fully , it is just propaganda . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  they inserted chickens in their vaginas at public supermarkets , throwing cats at mcdonald employees sounds tame compared to chickens, 
  they deserve the bad reputation, 
  radfem is much more prevalent than redpill, 
  are you on your period ? 
  or just retarded, 
  comment, 
  how is adderall xr after 3 years ? 
  no you posted 3 years ago about your xr prescription . 
  do you still use it ? 
  [ condition = false ] [ query = machine ?????? ], 
  thanks it is , 
  sorry i was on mobile, 
  adderall is great is n't it ? 
  i do n't have sleep apnea but i 'm tired all the time , have been like this for 2 years, 
  you 're just using random cases but scientifically you are very wrong, 
   stormfront, 
  aliens, 
  good apologist eat the bone, 
  it 's not relevant, 
  why ? 
  you dont even live in russia you 're just an american who happens to support retarded teenagers, 
  good luck, 
  why do you live in shanghai, 
  thanks, 
  reddit became a sjw shithole, 
  i have 1000 mbps and steam videos load perfectly, 
  boot safe mode and scan all the system with malwarebytes, 
  i 'm tired most of the time and it 's pretty hard paying attention to anything especially driving, 
  i wish i could get adderall as easy as you americans, 
  such a shitty subreddit, 
  because everyone has a right to free speech . 
  sjws are so goddamn stupid and reddit is full of them lately, 
  friend requests/comments, 
  there are not many blacks in russia, 
  yes i can blame them, 
  i think they dont care, 
  hehe i did n't even do cocaine and i have no sense of smell, 
  you were right, 
  what immune deficiency ?
