  they would bring aggression wherever they go so they deserve to die, 
  stop oppressing me, 
  that 's not true , where i live there is a private isp which has the monopoly on 90 % of the country and they offer 1000 mbps for $ 18 . 
  they did n't receive any funding . 
  the internet speed better is much better than in south korea, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  not matter how much discipline you apply to a kid who really has adhd , it will make it worse . 
  i do n't have adhd , i have a sleep disorder which gives me symptoms similar to adhd but i am tired and sleepy all the time in addition too . 
  i have tried for a lot of time to be responsible , but i ca n't when i feel out of focus every day . 
  you did n't have adhd so that 's just your opinion, 
  i hate it when retarded people like you insult others when they do n't realize what the implications are, 
  do n't read these comments , there are a lot of idiots on reddit . 
  just take care of your son and if meds do n't work you should check if he has a sleep disorder or something because i have one and i thought i had adhd, 
  adhd drugs are good for kids who really have adhd . . 
  but i 'd agree with you on children that were n't diagnosed correctly, 
  not everyone has adhd , the symptoms can be felt by every person but they are much more intense on someone with the disorder, 
  pfft, 
  there are posts in this comment thread, 
  how exactly does it go all weird ? 
  thanks for the information, 
  i repeat that frequently too , romania is the country with the cheapest price for internet considering $ 18 per month gets you 1000 mbps, 
  take some pills, 
  that subreddit is a shithole, 
  it is, 
  they give it for sleep apnea too, 
  correlation \\ causation, 
  post it, 
  it 's a stimulant so it helps with tiredness . 
  coffee and energy drinks make me feel tired . 
  thanks, 
  why is he a moron ? 
  save mobile, 
  retard, 
  u wot m8, 
  your videos are great, 
  valve outdid itself with dota 2, 
  reagan is right , he still is a man , once born a man always a man, 
  no they 're not more complex . 
  humans can be females and males as forms of reproduction . 
  evolution made it that way . 
  many people can be deluded by their feelings that they do n't belong to a gender , some of these take hormone therapy . 
  this does n't change the way you were born , the reproduction system stays the same . 
  delusion is a mental disorder , people like schizophrenics are deluded into believing some things . 
  does society help their delusion ? 
  no , they are placed into psych wards and get anti psychotic treatments . 
  now , society is helping the trans delusion , which is not beneficial even for the people in cause . 
  i have nothing against them , they are humans as i am , but they 'll never be able to change their genders opposed to how evolution intended them to be . 
  human anatomy is simple , from a reproduction perspective . 
  no matter what your brain thinks about what gender you are , it can not change the reality . 
  valve does n't need more people on steam . 
  dota 2 is a great source of revenue for them and devs do a lot to dota 2 compared to riot, 
  lol looks ridiculous, 
  you sound like a riot employee, 
  that does n't make sense, 
  i agree with you , steam is already the most popular platform for purchasing games , they do n't need dota 2 to promote it . 
  dota 2 sustains itself, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , you talk out of your ass when you do n't even have access to valve 's revenue and spendings, 
  valve does not use dota 2 to promote steam , dota 2 promotes itself . 
  steam is already the most popular platform to buy games on so if you heard about dota you would have heard about steam beforehand too, 
  did i ever say that they should n't change whatever they want in their body texture ? 
  you think that i use evolution as a christian uses the bible , no i do n't . 
  evolution is about survival , not about belief . 
  disorders like klinefelter are simply disorders/syndromes . 
  their genetic system is n't how it was supposed to be in order to be a normal human being . 
  it 's not normal , whatever you might believe . 
  evolution 's process did n't intend to include disorders like trans people and others but it happened . 
  provide sources related to brain structures in trans humans compared to cis humans , you know not everything depends on the brain , there are also substances like testosterone which may make some people believe they are supposed to be women . 
  you also generalize schizophrenics , most of them do n't do mass shootings and they are harmless if they take treatment . 
  what i meant is that schizophrenics have delusions which are not supported by the society , whereas trans people have delusions that are supported by some parts of the society . 
  i 've known once a schizophrenic trans woman or something like that and i have thought about their personal feelings , so i 'm not an idiot you met on the internet which you can tag as ignorant from your first moment you see my opinions . 
  sorry if there are some phrases which do n't make sense , i have chronic tiredness and i am out of focus most of the time , and i forget very easily . 
  how can i get into creating stuff for dots 2 workshop too ? 
  why does it matter that they 're white ? 
  why, 
  i saw that in lucid dreams, 
  stop being a sjw, 
  average iq of whites is higher than of blacks, 
  you 're racist, 
  enjoy your way through ignorance, 
  everyone is biased . 
  there are many more articles but you wo n't change your mind . 
  ignorance is bliss, 
  go get your paycheck from riot, 
  300 kh/sec with 660 ti, 
  how did you over clock yours ? 
  stop talking out of your ass and provide sources, 
  you do n't have any idea what you 're talking about, 
  i can tell you are a sjw, 
  i think you are the fat fuck living in his mom 's basement that complains about people better than him, 
  i dont like arguing with apologists, 
  what temperature, 
  mine is at 88c , how do i reduce it ? 
  tumblr and / srs / are shitholes anyway, 
  when did tumblr move to reddit ? 
  generalisations are true even if you do n't agree with them . 
  i were in china many times and they showed no empathy towards animals , i even saw dogs fried alive near a restaurant there . 
  there are certain stereotypes that are right about some cultures , that one about americans just makes no sense . 
  even if they were taiwanese , that does n't matter the chinese show more empathy towards sea creatures and animals , i do n't know if dog meat is outlawed there but i saw dogs being fried alive a year ago , there are also a lot of articles regarding animal cruelty in china like bears getting killed brutally for something related to their `` traditional medicine '', 
  i also have dogs and i would n't imagine breeding them as food . 
  i am not a vegetarian and even if i eat a lot of meat i want the animals to be killed painlessly not brutally like it happens at some factories .
