   `` by feeling truly present , you can share unbounded spaces and experiences with the people in your life , '' zuckerberg writes . 
  `` imagine sharing not just moments with your friends online , but entire experiences and adventures . '', 
   he goes on to note the potential for the platform to expand to `` new kinds of experiences '' and be leverages as a `` new communication platform . '', 
   `` given these broad potential applications , virtual reality technology is a strong candidate to emerge as the next social and communications platform . '', 
  you are so retarded, 
  i do not really trust facebook, 
  yes but they did not plan on releasing a consumer version, 
  homeless are n't a race, 
  you can get banned for using vpn to buy games for example in russia everything on steam is much cheaper, 
  stop spreading this retarded shit every land was colonized not only america, 
  who cares ? 
  and trp is a subreddit to make fun of feminists who think they are talking seriously, 
  go back to tumblr pls, 
  you 're trying to inflict white guilt because 20 generations before us colonized a land , there 's nothing to talk about, 
  what 's scp about, 
  i am also interested, 
  exercise makes me feel tired and sick, 
  not everyone feels good from exercise , people with cfs ( chronic fatigue syndrome ) like much more tired from exercise than normal people . 
  i 've been the entire summer at the gym and after each workout i felt like the sickest person, 
  no matter where i run or exercise i feel very ill . not just at the gym . 
  i also am not overweight . 
  thanks for your response but the problem here is different . 
  i have some kind of fatigue disorder that makes me tired all the time , it also is known for making people that have it very . . bad after exercise . 
   the majority of people with cfs are affected by post-exertion malaise , which is defined as intensifying of symptoms following physical or mental exertion , with symptoms typically worsening 12-48 hours after activity and lasting for days or even weeks . 
  i 've been this summer at the gym and lost a bit of weight . 
  i hated every day because i felt horrible and i had some kind of `` white outs '' , it manifested like after 40 minutes of treadmill i started seeing white everywhere and couldnt find my balance . 
  it also happened when i tried to run in the park . 
  after the summer ended i noticed that i did n't lose more than 4kg in 3 months in which i was going at the gym 5 - 6 days a week . 
  i started keto and cut all carbs , ate only meat cheese eggs and such for 4 months . 
  sometimes i ate pizzas but they did n't affect the weight loss . 
  now i am at 1.75 m ( 5 '' 11 for americans ) 64kg so i 'm not overweight anymore ( in the beginning of the summer i had 76kg ) . 
  i do n't feel any better than i used to feel and i 'm even more tired/cant focus on learning and i can not rest from sleep no matter how much i sleep . 
  i do n't have any insecurities and would start a workout if i did n't have headaches/dizziness/tiredness all the time . 
  right now i am seeking medical help and i 'll do a mri soon my blood tests are normal though ( except for some calcium deficiency which i had a lot of years and did n't go away after a lot of months of calcium supplements ) . 
  it could also be because of my rhinitis allergy ( because of it i ca n't smell neither ), 
  thanks for finding the time to read this ( if you actually read it ) and i wrote it so you know that some problems are more complicated than motivation and finding the time to workout . 
  i 've noticed that no matter what i eat now i lose weight . 
  in the winger vacation i ate a lot of chocolate ( by a lot really a lot ) and i 've lost 2kg in that vacation . 
  also thanks for finding the time to read my post  my priority now is fixing my tiredness and if i can do that i 'll begin a workout plan, 
  yes , retard . 
  retarded piece of shit you do n't deserve to live in the a rich country, 
  you are too stupid to realize, 
  contragulations man , you can get legally married in england now . 
  it depends on whether you live in romania or not , it 's easy to talk if you live in the uk . 
  there is n't a definite way to see this subject because it 's very problematic . 
  lol clar, 
  i should try then, 
  there arent any isps that limit the data usage for broadband in europe, 
  here is mine in my house from eastern europe http://www.speedtest.net/result/3413690860.png, 
  you will make it, 
  when is the next part, 
  there might be some very small isps or celullar data providers, 
  carbs like bread and potatoes make me see blurry . 
  i did a blood test and my blood sugar level was normal so no diabetes . 
  alcohol has no effect on me . 
  i do not drink it usually because i dont like the taste , only at occasions . 
  if i drink vodka or whisky i dont feel any different than how i feel usually , i think my experience is comparable to people 's hangovers because in every morning i feel like i didnt rest at all during sleeping . 
  ( also no matter how much i drink i dont act like my drunk friends , i can keep my balance and i dont blackout/vomit, 
  i dont really know what is wrong but it affects a lot of things and makes me very angry because i could learn a lot of stuff in my free time but how can i do that if i can not focus even on games, 
  what 's your budget, 
  it costs $ 16, 
  sjws are doing a lot of bad things . . they call themselves progressive but they are a bunch of idiots who do n't realize that they 're what they do does n't help their cause . 
  of course i 'm going to be called a conservative but i do n't care . 
  people have the freedom of speech and social justice warriors are eliminating it promoting censorship of politically incorrect beliefs, 
  with the huge influx of sjws on reddit my motivation increased because a lot of stuff is worse now . 
  give them rights , give them tolerance and expect hatred of the majority, 
  click on all notifications and there should be an option to mark all notifications as seen, 
  what can you expect from a feminist, 
  you 're just speculating and using pseudo science . 
  this hurts your cause, 
  open mindedness does n't help researchers . 
  you are what you are , do n't try to speculate on the human biology . 
  we understand you are a trans woman but all this bullshit about brain gender identity and fetal development is wrong, 
  your sources are biased, 
  have you ever taken drugs, 
  women do n't have penises, 
  lsd shrooms stimulants . . 
  so funny, 
  use adblock for channels you do n't want to support, 
  say why it 's wrong then, 
  they were n't so many back in the day, 
  majority/minority what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  are you sure you are n't the one deluded into another side of the propaganda ? 
  click on invites, 
  click it and mark all notifications as seen, 
  we are too many, 
  were too many people you idiot and eugenics does n't mean what you think it means, 
  do n't bother with that idiot, 
  lol, 
  k. boss, 
  too bad i 'm not in bucharest :(, 
  check your transnigger privilege, 
  can i join ? 
  1188 trophies th6, 
  800 euros, 
  invite me virtualghost, 
  yeah these poor womyn were pressured by society to destroy their body , not like everyone is responsible for their actions, 
  cyka, 
  it 's prescribed for narcolepsy . 
  source : i have narcolepsy,
