  i think he sent some tweet about his situation, 
  you 'll never be a woman if you 're born as a man, 
  how to play meepo, 
  kill them all, 
  that 's the best part, 
  no , they 're just looking for excuses, 
  bad sjw, 
  it is a huge problem in sweden . . 
  the eu is making it worse for everyone , because of eu people from eastern europe with wages that are less than those of russia have to pay huge prices just because eu wants to tax valve and publishers a lot . 
  it 's a bad initiative , eu should just leave digital market alone, 
  the eu is crashing man , why do you put your hopes in it ? 
  nothing will equalize wage disparity, 
  of course you 're not an economist because what you just said does n't make sense . 
  it 's like trying to apply basic arithmetic ideas to the real world, 
  i already said my point , you do n't get that globalization and other terms you used there are n't going to make the world any better , most likely it 'll make the world be split up even more . 
  european economy was much better before ideas like yours started raiding up , people had extremely good wages but since the leftists started arguing economics and social issues the european countries have became steadier worse . 
  at the root of the eu there 's more corruption than in the us itself , a lot of foreign interests in europe that go against the best way for europe . 
  trust me , it 's going to get much worse after you realize that steadily over the years in which you 've thought the world is going better that it 's actually the opposite . 
  reduction of eu taxes over digital distributors like valve is the only thing that would help us, 
  you 're naive if you think people have any power over members of the european council/european parliament . 
  politicians are already paying attention to it , that 's why they 're trying to avoid tax evasion by american companies . 
  well the american companies are right , because a 25 % vat for most countries is fucking huge, 
  sleep paralysis, 
  sleep paralysis is all static for me too, 
  nope, 
  did you read the article ?? 
  he caused trouble, 
  polish steam does n't have region locked games, 
  it 's been a while man, 
  download mxplayer, 
  please do, 
  press it faggot, 
  read what, 
  i 'm a veteran, 
  these terrorists are the ones coming to italy via boats , sponsored by saudis, 
  there 's only one life idiot, 
  if the right wing parties win the current elections all over europe there might still be a chance, 
  renounce your faith, 
  wow, 
  genetic , nu au empatie, 
  multa imbogatire culturala !, 
  idiot, 
  speis , the gypsy warrior !, 
  shit nigga, 
  living in somalia here, 
  half a gigabit is 125, 
  they `` re working on it, 
  fuck free speech !, 
  the shit i 've seen . . 
  no . . that 's not what i remember, 
  sjw retarded mods, 
  there are 0 advantages, 
  as is most of reddit becoming, 
  you 're a huge asshole , just because she had different opinions than yours that does n't mean you can just let her pay the entire bill , at least pay your fucking share, 
  nope, 
  me 2 on a 128 gb ssd, 
  my anus is ready, 
  prepare your anus, 
  if you were wondering this is what 1gbps connection is http://puu.sh/hai8i/fd556fddcd.png, 
  most feminists are fat, 
  i finished the preload in 13m so it 's you, 
  you 're so dumb, 
  i am in eastern europe and got it in 13m, 
  we need dat, 
  hahahaha, 
  e retardat, 
  exact , in rasa lor . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about, 
  update : received my gift thanks a lot op !, 
  wtf i won add me http://steamcommunity.com/id/ghostvirtual i just want a bundle like this https://www.indiegala.com/friday thanks a lot , 
  me too but servers are up, 
  15 here, 
  iranians are n't white , europeans are the real whites . 
  dumbass, 
  and they 're coming in europe a lot too . . it 'll be the second africa, 
  says the guy living in the first world . 
  go to somalia and let 's see how many dumb excuses you find for these savages, 
  liberals do n't realize letting the loose on africa made it the shithole it is today, 
  s\u00e2ngele are adn , nu am acelasi adn un tigan, 
  no , most europeans do n't descend from mongols, 
  he is completely right, 
  it 's not true , modern europeans are neanderthals mixed with homo sapiens and neanderthals were around the caucasus and in europe, 
  you dumbass, 
  controller seems to lag if i do that, 
  they will lose default geo subscription soon . . also the mods there are fucking retarded, 
  100 % everything in sp, 
  keto is the best, 
  i wish tens of millions of somalis rushed into your country and started destroying everything , let 's see how you treat the open border policy then, 
  man you 're dumb as fuck, 
  a lot, 
  there are no brigaders and you 'll get banned if you call others shills again, 
  we do n't pride ourselves, 
  before borders there were tribes , not going back to that, 
  it was intended, 
  the people come from different countries but the boats from libya, 
  yes, 
  illegals should n't be allowed in europe anyway , it is n't so hard to fix this, 
  that 'll be europe in a couple of decades, 
  nice, 
  it 's too late,
