  if you think hojima is a scammer there 's no hope for a discussion . 
  looks like you do n't know shit about the war in chechnya . 
  they tried to invade dagestan , they captured russian soldiers and tortured them while filming so stop making it black and white . 
  chechnya is way better now than it used to be anyway , except for the recent islamic laws instated by ramzan kadyrov . 
  i should probably switch to iphone afterall . . 
  you 're so naive . 
  triggered, 
  i hope we 're not going on a 7 day streak with events like this again, 
  welcome to the dark side . 
  i still have my s3, 
  me too, 
  cum pot investi din romania fara un broker ? 
  are n't not looted items sent usually via the ingame mail ? 
  i also have not done any mythic + or any mythic for that matter before . 
  because the person i 'm building for has a 4k monitor . 
  i am not a researcher . 
  it 's not a troll post , i just wanted to make sure everything is ok . 
  i heard that water cooling needs some anti bacterial periodic cleaning , is it too much of a hassle ? 
  they want 64 gb ram, 
  but they want 64 :(, 
  thanks for your list , i 'll think it over . 
  are n't there issues with sli though ? 
  10k is the max but i try to keep it as low as possible , also sli does n't sound like the best idea :( and they have a 4k monitor already, 
  thanks for the list  i 'll check it out, 
  should i get s7 edge or the pixel ? 
  kind of disappointed with google, 
  i 've been waiting for a while . . no eta on the pixel here and i 'm not sure it 's worth waiting for . 
  so every girl i meet likes me ? 
  we 'll build a wall around us east and us west and we 'll make the peruvians pay for it, 
  ** we did it reddit !!, 
  rip ctr, 
  you live up to your username, 
  thanks for making us win . 
  very good man, 
  no wtf, 
  valve is n't that kind of company . 
  2016 e leap year , ne-am contopit cu warp-ul . 
  thanks for this response , i did n't consider this perspective . 
  i will buy it then . 
  it is easy stuff, 
  gives me error : can not find module ` steam-client ', 
  no i downloaded the repository itself , modified logon.js from \\ components \\ logon.js , modified friends.js like you said then tried to run index.js and it gave me this . 
  i used both npm install steam-user/steam-client , it got everything it needed , but it still does n't work http://i.imgur.com/iywfvce.png, 
  do you use node-steam-client too ? 
  tried that too . . same error http://i.imgur.com/pcj3n0z.png, 
  figured it out eventually thanks a lot by the way , 
  how can you keep finding excuses for them ? 
  all you provided in your comment are excuses over excuses , it is not our duty as consumers to manage their game , it is theirs . 
  if they can not manage to fix their broken mess by not making dumb decisions , it is on them . 
  how can you call op entitled when he is just providing a concise point that many of us can relate to ? 
  does this give you some sort of higher ground , the so called holier-than-thou mentality ? 
  if so please refrain from commenting just for the spite of it . 
  i have bought the game at release because i had faith in bohemia , after all they had a pretty clean history in the games industry , yet they crushed all this faith by not acknowledging our issues and giving compensation for releasing a game whose development stage is stagnant over the years with no definitive solution on the horizon . 
  why do you assume that i assume that i have pre-purchased the game ? 
  i bought the game in that state , that 's on me . 
  the fact that the game is still in that state after 3 years , that 's on them . 
  i wanted to support bohemia in creating a game that i would enjoy playing . 
  i had no issue with the fact that the game was a broken mess at the beginning , but how much can you test my and others ' patience ? 
  in addition to this , i 'm not upset that dayz is n't out of ea , i 'm upset because this game 's development is clunky at best and they put no effort into developing this idea . 
  i assume i am entitled to this product , not to a better product . 
  the fact that the product i paid for was supposed to improve for the better makes my `` entitlement '' acceptable . 
  i 'm not whining about the game , i 'm whining about its developers and , trust me , i have looked closely into most dev updates and even played some of the builds mentioned in these updates , yet it seemed as if every build was bringing in more bugs than the ones it was supposed to fix . 
  i have no faith in them and i 'd rather not be excited for this game given the history of its development , so i 've moved on to better games . 
  this does n't mean that i will forget my experience with this game , it means that i hold bohemia accountable for their actions as a consumer , this will help me avoid their products in the future until these products have reached a stable state which bohemia seems to never reach with any of their games . 
  what has improved exactly ? 
  zombies still pass through walls , vehicles are a buggy mess , lightning is awful , fps can drop significantly in city areas to unplayable levels . 
  idiots , you are fueling a fire that will kill you all . 
  many people are turning towards the right wing and do n't forget , whites are still the majority . 
  if a race war starts now , it wo n't be the whites losing , it 'd end with a genocide of `` african americans '' . 
  you are fueling a fire that 's burning not only in the us , but in the whole western world with a white majority . 
  i agree , gameplay seems pretty lackluster sadly . 
  i wish they had kept it in sync with the past mass effect games . 
  ok thanks !, 
  thank you, 
  i installed it from http://www.cpuid.com/softwares/cpu-z.html, 
  there are some . exe files , too . 
  it may or may not be malicious , but this was installed without my permission and my pc started acting up so . . 
  the program also has russian origins and they can collect data they 're not accountable for and use it for their own motives . 
  because i run a weekly scan with mbam ( nothing ever found before ) and my pc started not responding at all shortly after i installed cpu-z . 
  it was downloaded from the official site so i 'm sure cpu-z caused it . 
  i actually saw another person the other day complaining about cpu-z installing this program and i thought that since this program is so old and used widely there 's no way that cpu-z installed it . 
  maybe they know already and it 's intentional, 
  well i did n't know that , i just wanted a program that can output my pc specs like this http://valid.x86.fr/3vqzaj and since most programs have a checkbox for installing separate apps i thought there was no harm . 
  yes , it is . 
  what is your solo mmr in dota 2 ? 
  he is 1.91 m which in the imperial system should be at least 6 ' 3 '' . 
  maybe you should stop making up stuff constantly about `` the trumps '' . 
  on the inauguration stream obama seemed like a manlet compared to trump so you need to set your facts straight . 
  edit : looking at your comment history i 'd rather you not respond to this comment any further because you appear to have some mental deficiencies . 
   what are you stupid ? 
  just stop . 
  obama was such a great president that he dropped some nice bombs over my friends in syria ( in saa territory not isis , isis did n't even exist back then in its current form ) . 
  fuck you , you piece of ingrate shit with no basis in reality , i hope you find yourself in a warzone at some point with your family . 
  i want to see you then find excuses for this warmonger called obama . 
  i want you to search for rescue , to see your family killed off indiscriminately because some foreign leader thought it was a great idea to meddle in a foreign country 's territory and support the so called `` rebels '' . 
  you have no idea how much blood there is on obama 's hands , if you knew you 'd hate obama and the military complex with a deep passion . 
  valve does n't have an office in europe anymore . 
  and after they are rejected nobody will deport them . 
  2017 's year beast, 
  well they may want that , but they wo n't be able to immigrate illegally anymore after the us cracks down on illegal aliens .
