  yes they are allowed to stay and gain citizenship, 
  i 'm pretty sure many of these `` asylum seekers '' coming these days are isis supporters sent with a purpose . 
  it wo n't take long until they attack some christian place like vatican and all he 'll breaks loose, 
  man i know a few of them , especially albanians that came by boat . 
  they 're classified as refugees and after some time of being in italy they get residence and citizenship later . 
  you can ignore it , but that wo n't make these issues go away, 
  also the mods there are very much pro censorship , they banned me after a month of posting things that do n't align with the left wing, 
  finally chop wo n't cry anymore, 
  you dumbass i knew some 10 years ago or more , personally . 
  you really try to act like you know shit about immigration and asylum seekers but you just act like an idiot when someone disagrees with you . 
  i can provide sources about refugee status if needed , you ca n't . 
  one example for germany 's immigration policy, 
   in addition , germany also allows refugees to remain in germany , at least temporarily , if they do not technically qualify for asylum but still require protection according to eu and international law standards . 
   an alien who has lawfully resided for eight years in germany is entitled to become a german citizen , provided he is a permanent resident at the time of application and lives up to various statutory criteria that purport to establish that the applicant is law-abiding , integrated , not a dual citizen , and self-supporting . 
  and these are `` harder '' than italy 's and greece 's immigration policies . 
  basically go in as an illegal , claim asylum , become legal because asylum , wait 8 years , get citizenship . 
  it 's not hard to grasp , every illegal can do this . 
  in sweden it 's way easier , in italy asylum camps are flooded already to an extent of not being able to deport them anymore , so eventually they gain citizenship . 
  i 'm on mobile so i might have overlooked some things but the situation is fucked up and i want every single of them deported, 
  stfu, 
  eugenics is morally wrong but it works, 
  he is right, 
  mediator cultural, 
  un is a joke, 
  you make no sense :(, 
  you 're bringing shit arguments . 
  most of these `` bad genes '' are dominant , if you stop their carriers from reproducing the number of people with this gene go down drastically . 
  it works, 
  why, 
  the only thing you send is that children can be screened in advance for bad genes that is real . 
  everything else is like you have no idea what you 're talking about only that you think eugenics do n't work because '' half of birth defects are mutations '' and you ca n't even provide sources for that . 
  i read a lot about this field so i can realize when i 'm wrong . 
  these defects are passed by their parents mostly , of course there are some mutations but not half , more like 5-10 % at most . 
  tfw not rich, 
  russia does n't give a shit what erdogan thinks seemingly, 
  feels good to be in a country where these `` refugees '' scum ca n't come, 
  why, 
  and everything because of the elite that wants immigrants willing to work for less, 
  it 's not a trap it 's reality, 
  it does n't fit the western narrative, 
  they did n't know it 'd get so big, 
  you have some shitty comprehension skills, 
  because it 's full of srs members, 
  a game is easier, 
  hey it 's me your silencer, 
  i do n't think there are any americans that would be fine with that , you 're trying to equalize a religion full of extremists with one with some rare nutheads that would n't go as far as killing in the name of god, 
  we need a genocide on isis , selective killing, 
  no pls, 
  i 'm right wing myself , but right wing is n't associated to a religion anyway . . if you call some christian americans right wing then that 's your problem because their views are n't right at all . 
  also there 's a difference between saying and doing , muslim extremists would behead your family right now , christian extremists will just scream some curses at you or something , most are n't violent, 
  they are happening in short periods, 
  it 'll happen eventually but i do n't think they are ready, 
  protv ti ar v\u00e2na trafficul pe torrente . . 
  most have dynamic ips, 
  item not available in country, 
  gawker should be banned reddit wide, 
  yes i just bought one, 
  probably $ 100, 
  israel is in asia, 
  and you 're a guy that spends his life looking at other profiles and then labeling random people as racist or woman haters because they want to feel superior while being retards, 
  do n't bother with that retard, 
  i tip le fedora to you le enlightened atheist who do n't believe in racism . 
  you 're very enlightened and there 's no phony god that can match your train of thoughts . 
  it 's like watching autism in a post history when i look into yours, 
  get treatment, 
  i live in russia and i agree with the american, 
  reminds me of my younger days, 
  influenta lui obama . . 
  nope, 
  3.9 k enough ? 
  unless you renounce your faith you 're the problem . 
  it encourages violence , beheading the infidels and so on , i do n't care about your apologies, 
  meat is the best source of proteins, 
  most people who are n't white . . but most white people are n't lactose intolerant, 
  good luck, 
  nope, 
  omg ce reddit mods le am spus sa ma shadowbanneze voluntar nu acum shit, 
  i asked them to be shadowbanned but they wo n't unban me now, 
  i was yesterday, 
  7 comments . . 
  so inbred, 
  voat and 8ch, 
  me too, 
  sjw agenda, 
  dumbass admin, 
  shadowbanned in 3 . .2 . . 
  they 're not the ones buying gold, 
  and some currency updates :d, 
  separate servers, 
  charm abuse, 
  well you joined the advanced trench, 
  so where is it boss, 
  17mb thanks valve, 
  i camr skeep at nigkts belaruse source 2, 
  i know, 
  a lot of us are leaving actually, 
  pls dont be nothing, 
  i know i did, 
  8k mmr players lol, 
  that is vulkan api,
