  can you see sounds without hearing them ? 
  do you have a mental illness causing visual hallucinations ? 
  have you got sleep paralysis ? 
  when i have sp attacks , i breathe weirdly . 
  i see like that too , lights sources look like they are coming to me, 
  do you have any negative mental illness ? 
  i can do this too, 
  how is adderall ? 
  the case exactly with romania . 
  i 've met numerous romanians that consider the western is shit and communism was better , they use the pretext : `` at least we had a home food and \u00c0 job , it had the best production \u00cen europe and everyone was jealous for our richness '' , but they forget that they used to stay 6 hours in a row daily just to get bread , and if there was some meat on chicken bones they were lucky . 
  also they had to pray to that stupid dictator called ceausescu, 
  are you tired in the most of the day ? 
  i am an introvert too . 
  does synesthesia make you tired ? 
  are you capable of focusing on learning something like programming ? 
  did you ever try learning something hard like a programming language ? 
  do you have any obstacles ? 
  i ask these questions for curiosity , sorry if they look personal infringing, 
  what effect does it have on non add people ? 
  that 's how i feel too , but without adderall . 
  i think it 's the dopamine . 
  i have an add dutch friend and he is off medications . 
  have you tried breath meditation ? 
  oh ok , i think i had some kind of ability to do that , too , when i was younger . 
  but my ear hearing got worse and i am surgically operated by so i even struggle to understand song verses . . 
  pitch tones just give me a really high dopamine level . 
  thanks for answering these questions . 
  have a great day, 
  i 'm not sure , the provider and the client negotiate the plan and i did n't yet . 
  i 'll try to make some money while in school . . 
  i have the same problem too , once the simulation goes away i literally can not understand anything . 
  thanks for your answers , have a great day . 
  i 'm not sure what synesthesia is most useful for , i always wanted to become a programmer , but my inclinations start to go to music too . . 
  i do n't have a practiced voice , but i may do good digital sounds . 
  i say this because my mind always has a song to tell me ( i hear a song in my head that does n't wear off and it changes all the time . ), 
  he died from cancer . . poor guy , \u00een case you do n't know , you were a top commenter at oceansky ama, 
  continue, 
  i meant `` continue to lose weight '', 
  continue, 
  woosh, 
  you are a moron for believing in fairy tales . 
  yeah so western europe is a shitty place . 
  you should consider locking yourself in a room because your thoughts are infecting the world . 
  in 6 months probably, 
  go away faggot , if you want real wtf go to spacedicks . 
  are you add ? 
  i have the same problem . . 
  i do not have add and i do not take adderall, 
  people like you are the cancer of reddit, 
  me too , but it has some graphical bugs on the sgs3, 
  me too . . cm10 .1 latest nightly, 
  maybe touchwiz is different ? 
  i am running cm10 .1 , too . 
  i have some lag in other games , such tilt sensivity in temple run 2 . are you running international variant ? 
  you fulfilled my dreams . 
  he dances like a ghost, 
  i 'm playing with a wolf spider right now, 
  dang , reading the first link is so enraging, 
  no , it is n't, 
  it still is , somewhat, 
  i have the international , i ca n't wait till the s4, 
  you should n't really kill yourself , you should get a therapy schedule and meditation . . also do a blood analysis , that 's how i found that my calcium deficiency affected a lot of my functions , inducing depression and a lot others . 
  yes, 
  what are long term effects ? 
  i have some kind of hallucinations , too , from calcium deficiency.mostly auditory , but when i was younger ( i just ran blood analysis on friday and discovered that i have a calcium deficiency that is the source of 90 % of my problems ) i had visuals too , and i believed i had psychosis . 
  i 'll get some treatment on monday , calcium deficiency has been the sources of all my problems last 4 years and i thought it was `` just me '' . . 
  you are a retard , your comment history shows it, 
  your parents are assholes, 
  did you get your money back ? 
  everything can be pirated . 
  i had the 260 , but changed it because it could n't run far cry 3 for a gtx 660 ti, 
  waste of time , they 'll give the same response as they did to recent cases related to this kind of stuff . 
  this is a hq post , i hope there 'll be more, 
  lol you replied after a month, 
  why is uae gorgeous ? 
  i 've eat that, 
  why does it have so little posts, 
  good, 
  do you know some solution to learn coding without getting bored ? 
  i try c++ self tutoring and it 's hard, 
  pls respond, 
  yes i know , wasted $ 13 . . 
  worst comic i 've ever seen, 
  maybe the ps4 will come before the next xbox . . 
  do i need to learn c++ before starting unity ? 
  why ? 
  i would rather learn c++ as a first language , it seems more suitable for me.i have known python/javascript , which are easier languages and i somewhat have difficulties with this one . . i 'm trying accelerated c++ and i lose it from the 0.7 chapter . . maybe because english is not my first language and i have problems understanding it ? 
  i just read the words and they do n't start any reaction in my brain , for example . 
   this program uses two additional concepts that permeate c++ : expressions and scope . 
  will have much more to say about these concepts as this book progresses , but it is worthwhile, 
  to begin with some of the basics here . 
  an expression asks the implementation to compute something . 
  the computation yields a, 
  result , and may also have side effects-that is , it may affect the state of the program or the, 
  implementation in ways that are not directly part of the result . 
  for example , 3 +4 is an, 
  expression that yields 7 as its result , and has no side effects , and, 
  std : : cout < < `` hello , world ! '', 
  is an expression that , as its side effect , writes hello , world !, 
  on the standard output stream,
