  player, 
  she was a psychiatrist, 
  i appreciate my life , i do n't want my quality of life to go down because some idiot believes in a retarded idea of any utopia, 
  no , putin does n't want ussr 2.0 . 
  he wants a national socialist state, 
  you are n't but your wealthy people are, 
  it is, 
  africans themselves made another africans slaves , long before europeans came . 
  europeans built schools and a lot in africa and for what ? 
  it 's like ferguson/detroit, 
  you are n't fixing shit , every nation should thrive for its best . 
  africa is a dead place now , there 's no way to change it anymore . 
  especially when ebola spreads like there 's no tomorrow, 
  every nation already thrives for its best or at least it used to . 
  no one would be nuclear bombed unless there would be territorial claims . 
  space does n't collapse . 
  if all humans die , it 's not a loss for anything other than humans, 
  sensationalist title fuck you op, 
  is community any good ? 
  nope , ps4, 
  ok i will thanks for the recommendation, 
  i had phimosis too but i had to go to the bathroom every 5 mins, 
  i love the night, 
  damn . . that 's a fat kid, 
  he 's just a shill, 
  schizophrenia is our subconscious communicating with conscious, 
  i 've been trying some kegel exercises to enhance pleasure but shit ai n't working, 
  because reddit is full of liberals and liberals hate guns, 
  go back to the house and open the door to the basement . 
  it 'll be fun, 
  damn that fucking mod, 
  most russian people are n't starving, 
  a mod is a sjw and deleted all comments from the totalbiscuit thread, 
  i thought that was a little kid not sheever, 
  did n't you see that screenshot where a mod from / r/gaming contacted zoe on twitter ? 
  i 'm in moscow too and i agree with you, 
  yes, 
  good luck man, 
  [ deleted ], 
  sharia for europe !, 
  they have my vote, 
  source for anything you said ? 
  no , immigration laws in europe are completely broken , ever since they were implemented by eu people i know say that their wages went down dramatically and they do n't have the same quality of life they once had before unskilled workers flooded the market, 
   racist immigration policy, 
  lol i 'm in eastern europe and i pay $ 18 for 1000 mbps also in russia that is $ 30 at my other house, 
  well us right wingers do n't really comment that much on reddit , i mean i got up voted a lot but most comments below me are against ukip, 
   racist, 
  they 'll win , be sure of that ), 
  you 're sad for not thinking that people have different opinions, 
  thanks for your insightful comment, 
  there are a lot of right wingers in uk, 
  died for ? 
  i do n't like europe neither even if i 'm a citizen of the eu, 
  lol, 
  use puu.sh, 
  damn i miss using rats . . 
  that 's not true . . i live there, 
  no , it 's exactly about some extremist version of islam . 
  it is islam, 
  see me after class, 
  yes but they 're muslims nonetheless, 
   first-world suburbanite, 
  i live in russia , i 've had more encounters with muslims in chechnya than you ever had in your first world suburbia . 
  they 're muslims , they 're doing what the quran says , they 're taking an extreme version of it but they are muslims . 
  europe is fucked :(, 
  go back to srs, 
  damn you are really delusional, 
  no you ca n't be, 
  no we should n't help them, 
  not in the case of isis, 
  god fucking damn it, 
  but it 's hard, 
  i pay them 5 euros for unlimited calls in europe and 5gb internet, 
  euro tier 2 too, 
  . . the fuck, 
  i want some of these, 
  are dreptate, 
  it 's because of the european union . 
  in russia and cis countries prices are much lower, 
  same for me , it just does n't work for everyone . 
  im not even overweight, 
  you could do a mri or ct scan, 
  i hate when people talk about their experiences as facts , i get it that they 're trying to encourage others to do it but your personal anecdote would n't make anyone 's experience better even worse it can make them unmotivated and feel inferior for not feeling the same mental pleasure of exercise, 
  i had been working out for 3 months , every day was pain and tiredness, 
  but my muscles have n't changed at all in these 3 months of lifting, 
  i was eating proteins and carbs workout plan was 3-4 days per week eventually i abandoned after no results . 
  i have chronic tiredness, 
  i dont take supplements and i 'm pretty sure i 'm eating the `` right '' things, 
  metro, 
  do n't try to study in romania , most students are trying to study abroad, 
  i did no effect . . i also have chronic tiredness, 
  and you 're over them all right ? 
  no currently he 's 1 0 sf, 
  i did but he said that he gets reported everyday and nothing happens to him, 
  well the match is paused, 
  he hided an item in the forest and stole it from lina, 
  he is boosting , he said at the end of the match some vk link to some boosting , i added him and he said that 's not his account and deleted me, 
  he ended 5 14 sf, 
  i miss my downvote counter :(, 
  adderall,
