  thanks for the help , but i am sure it is not related to software, 
  not now , but muslims are spreading fast . 
  what i said about gypsies was about acts of oppression, 
  i do n't believe in a personal agenda , that video might be dumb but shows what 's about to happen . 
  read about cultural integration in history and cultural morph , for reference the albanian cultural change when they were conquered by the ottomans . 
  bulgaria has some ottoman traits too , but the culture is still bulgarian . 
  constantinople before it was morphed into istanbul suffered drastically culturally and religiously speaking . 
  there are many examples i could show you , but what i believe is that too much multiculturalism is going to destroy europe as we know it . 
  extremists are not united by intelligence , the religious agenda of qur ` an does that . 
  we might have progressed technologically but the human trait can not be changed . 
  what agenda do you think they have, 
  wiki says 439, 
  ah it changed, 
  he probably saw this post and posted a screenshot, 
  i have it too . . too bad i ca n't get treatment, 
  i lack the sense of smell because of rhinitis . 
  i can taste well, 
  we have the same experiences, 
  i can see time too in a way . . i have mild synesthesia because sometimes i hear what i see and i can hear sound from things that make no sound or little enough for other people not capable of hearing them . 
  when someone steps into the room , i hear it like a buzzing in my ears . 
  but i can not see years , they are blurry even if they are in the past . 
  i do n't think he meant it in the sense you think of . 
  i see the future years blank too , future months are blurry . 
  try imagining how your average day looks like . 
  if you see a specific shade or you have a headache like me then you may be able to `` see time '', 
  this term means that we attribute different shades/thoughts in form of spirals to long periods of time . . 
  if you ever did lsd or had a lucid dream you saw that the way our brain sees the world is different . 
  in a lucid dream you see different structures , in most of my dreams i see perfect pictures of the universe and i can travel between planets . 
  my conscience would n't be able to imagine all that , even draw it or something like that . 
  that 's what the sixth sense is . 
  if you have questions you could ask people in this thread that have synesthesia in a way or another . 
  i experience some of it mildly so if you want to ask you can ask me, 
  i have had ear surgery and i have tinnitus too . . do you hear specific sounds when you are in a room and someone enters it ? 
  when i am in my room focused on something i hear some kind of `` black '' sounds when a person comes in and i do n't see that person . 
  as an example when i am on my pc and someone enters my room and i hear movement i experience some kind of warning sounds , and when i see who that person is the sounds go away immediately . 
  the music in the clubs is very intense to me and i do n't like it . 
  i hear what people next to me say but if i am looking up i see clouds, 
  do you hear sounds when falling asleep ? 
  i hear guns, 
  it 's annoying, 
  not at all, 
  i hate people like you, 
  here in another post communist country 1000 mbps for $ 18, 
  he lies, 
  because the source did not create the content , i saw this same post a few months ago and it had another source too , so let 's stop feeling sorry for people who copy their content from reddit and then try to monetize it, 
  that 's why a watermark is useful, 
  for real , here is [ it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xgh6dpm.png ), 
  mods, 
  you generalize romanians . 
  some are good some are bad , and i know that most of my experiences with romanians are bad because i actually live in romania . 
  most of the romanians i know hate the us , saying that it is the fattest country and they wish that china takes the world power because they do n't like americans . 
  romanians are not fantastic people , but some of them are very good persons , too bad i never met a romanian that did n't try to steal from my family . 
  ( we have 2 lakes and we employed a lot of guards , all of them turned out to be some assholes who let gypsies steal all the fish ), 
  i am russian by the way, 
  so edgy , the more chromosomes the better am i right ? 
  good looking dog, 
  i am just saying from my personal experience . 
  i do n't generalize 20 million people on a few hundred, 
  gypsies in general here do steal , that 's not racism . 
  it 's a generalization that unfortunately is true . 
  ask other romanians about gypsies and you 'll see , ask eastern europeans too, 
  it was n't socialism and the people who say that they want communism back are retarded . 
  ceausescu killed a lot of intellectuals ( people who opposed the regime and tried to revolt before 89 ) and starved the population . 
  it was n't socialism , it was a dictatorship that went out of control . 
  i am not a hypocrite , i am just saying my experience with romanians . 
  gypsies are as romanian as white romanians are romanians even if they do n't want to admit that . 
  i have lived here for around 20 years , soon i am moving to western eu or us, 
  without russians romania would n't exist . 
  i can validate this with citations from the war against the ottoman empire where romania declared its independence . 
  i doubt that any russian troops killed families in ww2 that did not attack the russians beforehand . 
  ussr tried to keep an influence over eastern europe . 
  i know what i am talking about here since i lived many years in this country . 
  i do n't care if your \u03a0pride\u03a0 is insulted because in my opinion nationalism or patriotism are the two things that brought romanians into an illusion of greatness , filling many parts of history with hatred on hungary . 
  romania is just a poor/mediocre country in eastern europe , i said poor because compared to hungary/poland/czech and others it is regressing ( becoming worse ) than improving . 
  i have been in a lot of western european countries and they are much more civilized , not showing any hidden thoughts, 
  that is much different . 
  russians protected the act of independence of romania against the ottomans . 
  much more russians died in the war than romanians . 
  i am just showing their hypocrisy since they generalize what some troop might or might not have done while they ignore that without russians they would n't exist . 
  i currently live here and what you are saying is n't true , there is n't any ratio , it depends on a lot of stuff , i live in oltenia and so far i never met someone with good intentions long time , just people who tried to profit, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  tell me one country where you have been in which people hate russians . 
  poland has a big history that i do n't really care about / know enough to say anything , but in ww2 they were under attack from nazis not from russia as far as i know . 
  in romania i saw more people favoring the former sovietic state and russians over the united states so it depends, 
  they are n't my lakes personally . 
  the neighboring counties have electricity and all that stuff , but of course there are still homes without electricity and i do n't really care about them . 
  it does n't give them the right to steal . 
  they do n't steal for food , they steal to sell the fish so they get money, 
  another stupid generalization . 
  most people do n't care where you come from as long as you are civilized, 
  that does n't say much , i said before that the soviet union tried to keep an influence in eastern europe because they felt threatened . 
  i do n't know a lot about russia 's history and i do n't think that it 's worth generalizing the current generation for what the ww2 generation did, 
  i never called all romanians thieves . 
  most that i met had hidden intentions that i do n't really care about since i know how to take precautions on different people . 
  what bothers me about romanians is that they do n't see what caused the downfall and instead they criticize gypsies/parties in the political system/the `` filthy westerners '' while they do n't do anything to change it . 
  do n't take this personally , i just never liked how romanians try to keep their reputation up instead of showing the bad parts too , this article is a good part but there were posts about romania where patriots defended romania even if they knew that it was n't needed . 
  i 'll get out of here soon enough so i 'll never have to deal with people that i do n't like, 
  then what is that saying about the polish you 've met ? 
  the hatred on hungary is totally unjustified . 
  and all of the thieves at the lakes were gypsies that do n't care about lands and things like that , they just wanted to profit out of another person 's property and since the guards are easily frightened / allied with the gypsies then there is not much you can do . .
