  stupid rule, 
  go out you piece of shit, 
  what resorces do you recommend if i want to learn how to develop for android ? 
  yes but i suck at java, 
  irish give me the gold, 
  you 're a great person, 
  reddit anti spam system, 
  says the one living on welfare, 
  what 's wrong with `` white americans '', 
  yes, 
  neither just wait i also bought dayz and i regret it, 
  i should make a game, 
  great app, 
  good luck , 
  nobody here is a neckbeard or wears a fedora you fucking retard enough with the imaginary superiority complex, 
  go back to / r/conspiracy maggot, 
  what is halvening ? 
  someone from 4chan gave me 1000, 
  your temperature probably went way too high, 
  no , you are !, 
  no it 's just a joke , white guilt is a shitty way to demonize white people used by sjws and black supremacists . 
  i am russian so i 'm white and most of the country is white too , i do n't care about what some whites in america did and current generations do n't have to do anything with what happened under different laws, 
  where, 
   white culture, 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i dont even like hockey and that match was so good , you could see how stressed the players were, 
  i hate these sjws who invaded reddit lately, 
  says the fat guy, 
  i just hold my breath, 
  i wonder if i can see what my subconscious knows, 
  hold your breath, 
  i had lucid dreams so i know what my subconscious is capable of, 
  one million or two millions yes, 
  srs is the shithole of reddit, 
  u wot m8, 
  you do n't contribute, 
  nice . 
  you handled it more autistically than him, 
  sorry on mobile can a mod tag it ? 
  i have continuous daytime sleepiness and i 'm tired all the time . 
  did these meds help you focus better ? 
  what is sleep latency test, 
  unfortunately i ca n't get that prescribed where i live so it 's bad . . i 've been tired all the time for 2 years now, 
  link ? 
  stay safe, 
  you 're retarded stop talking about things you do n't know shit about, 
  do you need someone for coop games like dead island ? 
  i was thinking about building a youtube channel but i 'm too tired to do it alone, 
  can i ask you some questions ? 
  i 've had daytime sleepiness , massive tiredness during the day for the last 2 years and i do n't know what more to do i do n't have sleep apnea and i want to see if my symptoms match with yours, 
  you retard you do n't even live here and you would n't stand a day . 
  have fun protecting retarded teenagers, 
  you are the moron here, 
  they claim to be open minded but are welcome only to the positive parts of a story , the negative parts gets criticized . 
  this thread is full of retarded liberals who ca n't accept that other countries do n't reward the trouble makers, 
  yes but i only slept 4-5 hours of it . 
  did you have daytime sleepiness from the moment you woke up ? 
  did you have sleep paralysis ? 
  did you have overwhelming tiredness which left you unable to focus on tasks like learning or studying ? 
  did you completely forget things at a sudden you used to know ? 
  did exercise help you ? 
  because after exercise i feel very ill ( i 'm normal weight ), 
   nazi, 
  muslims are backwards why do people want to integrate them ? 
  the elections were rigged, 
  it could be avoided but apologists and liberals defend them so much that it 's going to end europe as we know it, 
  retarded idiots who keep generalizing reddit, 
  are you a feminist ? 
  you deny facts you do n't bother to research, 
  i am not liberal or conservative , they both work better than the other under different circumstances, 
  no but since you imply that someone who does n't agree with you is a neckbeard then you have a false superiority complex which means that you ca n't hold arguments , so you are a tumblr feminist, 
  you are retarded seriously shut up, 
  i agree with all your points , people like them will cause the downfall of europe, 
  at&t is your problem, 
  it does n't let me watch it says something about content rights, 
  i think you should contact support, 
  it happens a lot to me too , try using a public dns, 
  it never happened to me , maybe you deleted things from the steam directory without realising, 
  dota 2, 
  looks like it is not caused by steam . 
  what 's your os ( operating system ) ? 
  f2p games like dota 2 are very addicting you should give it a try, 
  what is your download speed ? 
  maybe your hdd ca n't catch up, 
  how do i become a spuf mod ? 
  most probably summer sale, 
  you 're not supporting your cause well, 
  what do you use to make workshop models for dota ? 
  steam gets laggy when i download even if it 's on my ssd but i have 50-60 mb/s, 
  i am many things but not a racist, 
  so i am not ? 
  since you have adhd i do n't think my comprehension skills are poor , but yours are . 
  you look only at a single part of the story which make your arguments biased, 
  also you are a srs member which means that you have no idea what you 're talking about in your debates . 
  then stop farting, 
  your opinions are biased . 
  that 's what i meant, 
  racism is bad on both sides , just go on tumblr where isolated people make fun of the majority , they insult cis gendered people , call white people bastards and many feminists there hate men . 
  that makes no sense,
