  i have rhinitis allergy which disabled my sense of smell and makes me more suspectible to viruses, 
  what the hell is pussy riot doing there ? 
  yes, 
  you 're a propaganda spreader , nothing of what you said is right and i live in russia . 
  people can protest but not everywhere, 
  he is just spreading propaganda , trying to get lazy people who ca n't read for themselves in the russian law against russia, 
  it 's been part of russia for much more than that , it was given as a gift to ukraine in 1960, 
  man what are you talking about he has his full right to tell his father 's about his mother 's affair . 
  also who goes on / r/cringe these days ? 
  it 's a place full of insecure retards who forgot what cringe actually means, 
  what high res texture pack, 
  you 're not an introvert you 're just a teenager, 
  shut up faggot, 
  does http://steamcommunity.com load for you in ie ? 
  no there is no such thing as chinese fishing in somali waters . 
  they are international waters and somali pirates are just a bunch of thieves . 
  check proxy settings and your router, 
  get some adderall, 
  imaginary superiority complex to le fedora neckbeard is rampant, 
  that 's the proof for reddit being a cesspool of sjws, 
  what certain things ? 
  check your directx/nvidia drivers and try compatibility mode, 
  ramdisk for steam is useless . 
  just get a ssd, 
  check ati drivers, 
  try compatibility mode, 
  do you want one litecoin for $ 16.50 ? 
  are you interested in 1 litecoin for $ 16.50 ? 
  thanks, 
  sold already, 
  ships only to usa :(, 
  the problem is n't the society the problem is that you get a degree in something useless, 
  he 's saying that abused men are not taken seriously by feminists and most feminists do n't even think it 's real whereas if someone jokes about men abusing women then angry feminists start ranting . 
  in my opinion feminism is just a flawed idea full of people like srs and tumblrinas . 
  it should just be called egalitarianism, 
  looks like extremism is very high then judging by the most ideas feminism accomplished so far like women having more rights in court, 
  man and feminist . . you 're an idiot, 
  go away sjw, 
  srs doesnt even think that men can be abused in relationships so your point is invalid, 
  degrees that are beneficial for economy and society are engineers programmers and so on , sociology just doesnt help anyone, 
  wow nice comeback you sure showed me, 
  i sold them, 
  i have 1000 mbps and steam is clearly limiting me to 5mb/s download speed . 
  if i get to 20mb/s the client lags . 
  steam is on a ssd, 
  origin works fine on 80 mb/s ( 640mbps ) on the same ssd, 
  there 's a huge difference between a sociology degree and becoming a president, 
  what can someone with a social degree bring to the society ? 
  what region are you playing on ? 
  why, 
  black history month is useless, 
  white people that feel guilty for these events even if they had nothing to do with it are idiotic, 
  and you look like an idiot too, 
  it does n't matter , any form of guilt for what happened by your race in different laws is stupid, 
  absolutely, 
  i miss that mode, 
  i stopped drinking any soda cold turkey 3 years ago with no issues, 
  too hard, 
  looks like the customer rating actually matters at blizz, 
  that are my feelings summed up . 
  people from wealthy countries are so indoctrinated these days with multiculturalism that a civil war might start soon . 
  see the uk muslims sweden riots muslims and so on, 
  it 's nice how apologists keep bringing economical reasons while it 's very idiotic because they get a lot of aid much more than enough to live as a nordic native, 
  people like you are the reason europe is falling apart, 
  which is good, 
  breivik is an idiot no reason to kill random innocents just fix the immigration laws by the way rape cases and criminal activity is rising very much in countries with broken immigration laws like the nordic countries, 
  now i hope sony 's vr defeats this shit as oculus is ruined with facebook . 
  if sony makes vr available for pc i will buy it . 
  valve please make vr for pc, 
  brendan iribe is a piece of shit, 
  yeah they defeated the purpose with this `` social '' crap . 
   `` mobile is the platform of today , and now we 're also getting ready for the platforms of tomorrow , '' said facebook founder and ceo , mark zuckerberg . 
  `` oculus has the chance to create the most social platform ever , and change the way we work , play and communicate . '', 
   `` we are excited to work with mark and the facebook team to deliver the very best virtual reality platform in the world , '' saidbrendan iribe , co-founder and ceo of oculus vr . 
  `` we believe virtual reality will be heavily defined by social experiences that connect people in magical , new ways . 
  it is a transformative and disruptive technology , that enables the world to experience the impossible , and it 's only just the beginning . '', 
  they 're going to kill the purpose for which people have fundraised oculus which is bringing vr to gaming . 
  cow simulator 2014, 
  i really wanted it to be a joke but apparently it 's real . 
  i had 300 bucks, 
  trauma ? 
  what trauma ? 
  astrosurf somewhere else, 
  shills below, 
  thanks for the link, 
  adderall is n't available for prescription out of us and israel otherwise i would have gotten it, 
  do you live in europe ? 
  i have excessive drowsiness/tiredness for the entire day and i 'm seeking treatment, 
  do n't share these things with people that do n't experience them because they 'll not understand the implications and will ridiculize you . 
  a mod should ban him, 
  i was at a sleep physician and i do n't have sleep apnea . 
  i 'll do a mri soon, 
  they 're great, 
  flip a coin, 
  how much is facebook paying you ? 
  well they have astroturfers , that 's a fact . 
  i used to doubt that there are people paid by companies to promote them but now i 'm sure that 's the case . 
  i do n't think facebook will let oculus go the way the community wanted it to go . 
  they 'll force social media integration into it as far as their public statements show . 
  that 's what you get out of,
