  what an obnoxious caster calling that guy as if he had a brain disorder, 
  i 'd commit seppuku at that point, 
  better than seeing some kind of pale asian girl trying to choke you, 
  you 're awake but you ca n't move and you have hallucinations, 
  true od player, 
  nice, 
  you can keep going on your circlejerk but dont flame someone who doesnt share op 's view i 'm a shill btw, 
  it is but reddit is toxic af, 
  witch hunt, 
  yeah me neither, 
  no thanks ), 
  why does it matter what the pope says ? 
  why, 
  i do , i think about it a lot . 
  after an event that involved me i wonder how it had gone in a different timeline *, 
  there 's a rally in which any team can participate and there is no difference in amount gained as long as you 're active, 
  damn true, 
  8 0 0 0 m a t c h m a k i n g p o i n t s, 
  damn son where ' d you find tjat ? 
  motherfcker where 's my money, 
  were you able to smell before ? 
  i 'd rather take the xanax, 
  you 're missing on, 
  i knew a girl that looked like that, 
  people do n't want you near them , avoid interaction at all costs . 
  you need a homogenous society first . 
  you do n't, 
  you sure about that ? 
  if you saw your own people getting massacred in your own country what would you do ? 
  you keep talking about things you do n't really know anything about, 
  im starting to hate bernie and its supporters , this piece of shit site is so gullible and played a huge role in promoting that communist . 
  you guys have no idea what life was in the ussr . . i still see the aftermath everyday , you want this to happen to the us , you 're in for a ride to hell . 
  use cf lumen, 
  anticlimatic :(, 
  my satoruxkayo dream is dead, 
  i was hoping for a revival , the connection between them was built too well, 
  poland is better now than with the old government, 
  yes, 
  ritalin makes me agitated . . any idea how to avoid it ? 
  also the side effects are too strong, 
  i grind my teeth too on methylphenidate . . no way to stop it, 
  did you have any side effects on concerta ? 
  and what does guanfacine do ? 
  get off your high horse , western media is the most biased media there is , because it wants to appear genuine, 
  mistranslations, 
  thanks i figured it out , 
  it 's an autonomous region, 
  no , but i have tried in the big picture mode to find an option to change it . . have you tried tinkering around in bpm ? 
  this sub went to shit, 
  lost, 
  managed to do it bind it to q, 
  dark souls 3, 
  here too, 
  you got yourself some loyal readers, 
  arabic food way better than romanian , i dislike most romanian foods, 
  what ethnicity is romanian ? 
  it 's highly exaggerated do n't worry, 
  most of the population is n't, 
  wtf, 
  who cares about eurovision, 
  human species not race, 
  native americans, 
  native americans are a race, 
  bernie is a shitty candidate, 
  ukraine 's government is doing it , dont talk if you do n't know shit, 
   russian occupiers, 
  usa supported the coup via nato, 
  you are dumb, 
  you 're right i could n't abstain , thanks, 
  i bet you are an american hippy 14 year old kid who never left his county, 
  how does it, 
  contemplating life because of a / r/4chan post, 
  well he 's a chechen afterall, 
  ukraine 's new government is supported by the west , therefore you went from shit to deep shit by selling your country to foreign interests, 
  us has plenty of money though , enough to support you to spew your bullshit, 
  you 're agreeing with a nazi, 
  thank you , reading what that guy says turns my brain into shit, 
  none , he 's just a nazi moron, 
  true , i know some crimeans myself and they 've tried to declare their independence for like 20 years from ukraine, 
  since they started it yes, 
  it 's their own belief , i doubt they give a shit about what you think , they probably know what 's best for them, 
  rather than the nuclear zone europe will be, 
  it wo n't , as it does not in europe neither . 
  if they 're `` destroyed '' , me is going to be way worse than it is right now, 
  or nothing if you know the right people, 
  it is in my experience , police wo n't care, 
  and those `` refugees '' thank europeans how ? 
  by killing them ? 
  dying light, 
  it 's not possible, 
  triggered, 
  i live in europe and western europe became worse every year , if you ignore that then you 're oblivious to what 's happening around you . 
  if the extremists could n't migrate to europe , how could they commit extremist acts in europe ? 
  more crime , dirtier cities , lower quality of life , lower wages , less jobs, 
  best solution is sending them and their funders in somalia, 
  plenty of europeans indoctrinated by the same propaganda, 
  they 're not indigenous , their heritage traces back to some indian tribe . 
  you have no idea what isis is . 
  it 's not a blanket of oppression , it 's the manifestation of something some muslims really believe in . 
  the wahhabi version of islam is the most dangerous one , and isis is all around this ideology .
