  you are a very big idiot if you get offended by anything, 
  you 're retarded you can call me jidf too but i agree with rufus, 
  he comes from / r/conspiracy he 's clearly retarded, 
  microsoft is shit, 
  it is n't, 
  is it faster than chrome ? 
  nice, 
  it is like speedtest.net different servers allocate more for different connections . 
  i have extremely good ping in dota 2 on both european regions 10 20 ms and on league of legends 120 ms euw, 
  na is 90ms for me so there is something wrong with the server, 
  it is the server since in most of the matches i have lag in other players report the same problem , my isp has no problem, 
  yes and their `` scroogled '' campaign when they do the same as google it 's very retarded . 
  [ they steal searches from google ] ( http://googleblog.blogspot.ro/2011/02/microsofts-bing-uses-google-search.html ), 
  i 'm not a paranoid/conspirationist person but the people who support bing around here look to me like people paid by microsoft to raise bing awareness, 
  call my dragon gaem, 
  you make money off these idiots, 
  phobia implies irrational fear , this is not irrational, 
  i 'm not overweight but i feel tired all day . 
  this summer i was running every day but it had no effect on me . . 
  yes , did n't help . 
  i am out of energy from sleep apnea and i get massive dizziness after weight lifting or cardio, 
  i lost weight but i did n't feel any better, 
  i know . . 
  thanks, 
  i drank too much water one day and i felt very sick so what you say is true, 
  you have to find your prostate by shoving your fingers in the anus, 
  you 're not falling for anything , if you have time to lose you can try it, 
  i have this before any episode of sleep paralysis, 
  my condition is similar to yours ( sleep apnea ), 
  i hate being tired all the time, 
  do you feel tired from the moment you wake up ? 
  does drifting off feel like a very big weight tied to your body ? 
  i have anosmia too and food tastes like food but maybe not as good as for a person without anosmia . 
  it sucks, 
  compared it to another sources of pain ? 
  not people with mental illnesses, 
  blizzard, 
  ca n't you fight it ? 
  with my sleep apnea if i wake up at 7 am from a 9 hrs sleep after 10 minutes i feel very tired , does n't matter how much i sleep or when . 
  i live in eastern europe and cold is painful too but not that painful . 
  hope you move to a hotter place, 
  everyone who disagrees with you is a shill right ? 
  we do n't care that you are a muslim, 
  do you enjoy the extra chromosomes ? 
  inducing it yes, 
  the quality improves as you go farther down the page . 
  i have 1000mbps for a home network, 
  nigger, 
  your gf is retarded, 
  they are flooding other subreddits with their retarded ideas, 
  retard, 
  until we find a cure, 
  cancer, 
  give me \\ r \\ spacedicks over twoxchromosomes any day, 
  mobile save, 
  cyka, 
  how much did it take for you to learn this ? 
  shitty tumblr gifs, 
  he was banned from reddit, 
  i agree with you, 
  why do you care about biased news sources ? 
  china changed its mind ? 
  what app, 
  give me a beer, 
  i 'm such a cheap thief i do n't want retarded whores to be richer k, 
  that 's not a honest response you 're just retarded, 
  shut up, 
  are you an israeli ? 
  that 's because you 're a terrorist, 
  how is the steam boz, 
  thanks , good luck , 
  pls respond, 
  i agree , i hate the people who post that subreddit to every story, 
  do you work for valve ? 
  me too, 
  living the dream, 
  they destroyed a perfect series, 
  am facut upgrade la firmware , tot la fel a ramas . 
  do you remember this ? 
  ahead of the others, 
  like microsoft 's products are safer , be serious idiot, 
  you are retarded, 
  you are retarded, 
  if you do n't like it here you can leave . 
  you did a very good job with valve, 
  the office ? 
  open minded by stating some facts ? 
  thanks, 
  fuck off retard, 
  damn you must have a sad life, 
  i think it 's microsoft 's work too . . 
  it looks very good, 
  good show, 
  you tell stories very well, 
  good luck with your gym, 
  avant 3 months hehe, 
  i hate social justice warriors like you , these pirates should be killed on sight, 
  why the hell do you defend somali pirates ? 
  just fucking kill these idiots, 
  they are n't civilized .
