  fucking autistic mongrel that took the picture and laughed at someone just for trying to have fun, 
  well played !, 
  ublock best, 
  where 's my source 2, 
  blame the eu, 
  it 's a canon not panasonic, 
  racist, 
  really ... ? 
  the new kiev government is killing children and civilians in donetsk, 
  why do you love diversity ? 
  you do n't enjoy the lower crime rates ? 
  fuck i 'm old, 
  bend over, 
  i do n't think you have lyme ... it 's a really horrible diagnosis , but for some doctors it 's easier to blame it on lyme than to schedule you for a mri and other stuff to determine other probable causes . 
  there are too many people downplaying the correlation between neanderthal dna and modern human intelligence . 
  neanderthals were probably way smarter than the average homo sapiens at the time , and unlike animals , having a large brain mass in humans actually allows for a higher intelligence . 
  actually researchers prove you wrong . 
  in humans a larger brain means a more intelligent one . 
  neanderthals were also tool makers as far as i know and this can be seen in some of modern humans today too, 
  it 's sad when people choose to ignore science in favor of social issues , we should n't ask ourselves if our brains are different than the ones of sub saharan blacks because it 's racist, 
  you said extreme tiredness and some nerve pains , these things can be categorised under the lyme diagnosis instantly by some lazy doctors that do n't want to analyse a patient further . 
  i talk from experience . 
  unless you have the big red bull sign somewhere on your body i 'd rather ask for a mri of brain to see if there 's are some noticeable signs on your brain . 
  autoimmune disorders can mess up a lot of stuff , all i 'm saying is that you should n't give up on a proper diagnosis , lyme is horrible and has no proper treatment in later stages , so any of your symptoms will be downplayed by your doctor which will lead to you having an awful life . 
  take care of yourself if you need help you can contact me, 
  care e acea diferenta, 
  autoimmune disease, 
  yes i chose eastern europe and i am russian, 
  wow you 're retarded, 
  are you australian, 
  normal people some are hardworking some thieves, 
  what if eu started securing its borders like the us ? 
  it 's not the responsibility of europeans to spend taxes for tens of millions of future immigrants . 
  yes rescue them so they do n't drown and then send them forcefully back to libya . 
  shooters are russian :d, 
  0 kills he ordered . . chechen leaders are pretty extremist, 
  do n't act like such an asshole, 
  you 're young and naive but some people are naturally insane, 
  there 's nothing legitimate about social justice movements, 
  eu is awful, 
  why do you spam mipo, 
  you have to find motivation to climb the ladder, 
  what do you do when your teammates are bad, 
  that 's good for the us, 
  rubles wo n't become worthless , also dropping to the value of the dollar is awful for such an `` utopian united states of europe '', 
  that is n't new, 
  gypsies are a shit culture not a race , if you categorize by race then we have to include indians too which are hardworking in general whereas gypsies act like shit and hate whites, 
  how do you know, 
  it 's good with adderall, 
  me too, 
  2 weeks ? 
  it 's 1 momth, 
  you are shit, 
  and the us is full of them . 
  the good thing is that they 're losing more and more support because of acts like this , they have blood on their hands and they do n't even realize it, 
  are you self projecting, 
  it will, 
  actually we barely hear about this case whereas that case was huge, 
  it 's not about race it 's about their culture that makes them think it 's alright to rape children, 
  good job eu !!, 
  the ecb is dumb, 
  europe is corrupt too, 
  the left voted for this, 
  why not deport the perpetrators, 
  i 've been in africa for a while and do n't find black women attractive, 
  nice, 
  too bad , you voted for these bitches, 
  hahahaha, 
  damn merkel you 're dumb . 
  crimeans do n't want to be part of ukraine, 
  if you ca n't comprehend some things just do n't post . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  what ? 
  crimea is in russia , how is it related to ukraine, 
  use big words still stupid, 
  nah it is in russia, 
  who cares, 
  degenerate, 
  good luck with your teemo ), 
  / r/conspiratard is full of retards, 
  i were on both sides , but i realized now that with the mentality conspiratard brings you , real shady stuff is denied . 
  there are few idiot who believe in fucking illuminati or reptilians but once you cross the path to / r/conspiratard everything that denied the `` official story '' you believe that it 's dumb and that there 's no way there is n't shady stuff going on . 
  exactly the same as the idiots that believe in illuminati and reptilians, 
  it 's just a subreddit full of idiot left wingers that believe everything is pink and conspiracies should be abolished, 
  you 're doing an awful job as mods , just saying, 
  maybe we can boycott the subreddit until the current awful mods cancel their mod status, 
  yes , nobody cares what you think or if you get offended . 
  get off your high horse, 
  steam does n't have any special deals for eastern europe . . maybe for cis, 
  still no 60 fps, 
  no that 's exactly the reality . 
  pc prevents them from prosecuting brown, 
  you moron, 
  what my actual shit, 
  yes, 
  not only northern europeans are lactose tolerant . . all descendants from neanderthals mostly are, 
  i drink a lot of milk and yogurt every day but i 'm russian, 
  it is impressive but i do n't know how to enjoy it, 
  try vic 2, 
  easy fap,
