  i do n't have any problems today . 
  that was a year ago . 
  voip is better , example skype, 
  it is , if you want to learn simpler languages , however more complex languages pike c , c++ and java are not available on codecademy . 
  trying too hard , faggot, 
  quit, 
  europe is ahead of the us in terms of things like this , it 's common sense , if you bought a device you should n't be disallowed to unlock it or do whatever you want with it.it 's like they pass a law telling you that if you break the `` carrier 's phone '' you have to pay the full price + any other stupid taxes . 
  you should be entitled to do whatever you want with your phone and the law must be eradicated, 
  if you buy a contract phone in europe you pay the same as in the us . 
  iphone 5 on a contract here is 200 dollars with a 31 eur every month for 2 years contract, 
  so what does it show ? 
  did anyone try it ? 
  you are weird, 
  do you have time for some questions related to adhd ? 
  i am sure i have it , but my psychologist told me i do n't , even if i meet most of the symptoms . 
  i am going to report you from adcixeanimals and let you know that you are an idiot who has no idea about mental disorders because you live on parents ' money and have no girlfriend . 
  you are just a virgin neckbeard in his 20s who has no plans about future and intelligence, 
  if you are not on meds and you try to study , how does it feel exactly ? 
  when i try to study programming on basic things , i simply can not process anything , the information does not want to get into my brain . 
  this annoys me a lot and it 's very hard to live like this , i get easily distracted and my attention is bad . 
  my psychologist told me that i do n't have add because when she asked me questions , i did n't jump out of the chair . 
  she said that she 'll do an attention and iq test next meeting , i hope that will show if i really have add or not . 
  how do you feel off meds ? 
  i feel very tired all the time , i have a lot of headaches , at school i can not pay attention and i can not take notes properly ( my writing is bad because my attention wanders off ) , so i have to borrow others ' notebooks in order to learn . 
  i have bad grades too . 
  whore, 
  is it so easy to be a celebrity ? 
  he seems to have a lot of questions to answer . .1600 comments in just 15 minutes, 
  ` murica, 
  saved for later, 
  rose, 
  i am operated at my ears and i can exhale in my ears , but i can not inhale, 
  i can do that , it 's amazing when the ear gets hot from the air . 
  i have had surgery 2 years ago, 
  communism is bad . 
  i 'm russian, 
  murcia, 
  poker stars ? 
  [ he is not black ] ( http://www1.whdh.com/images/news_articles/492x260/cardinal_jorge_mario_bergoglio.jpg ), 
  international, 
  tom cruise, 
  you wish, 
  with meds ? 
  i had an iphone 4s today and i have to say that i do n't regret buying the s3 , it was laggish and the screen is too small . 
  national fiber, 
  nsfw, 
  is n't there any way to stop the voices without harming yourself ? 
  how are your dreams ? 
  did you ever have sleep paralysis ? 
  hey , from your ama 2 years ago , i have a question . 
  how are th\u00e9 hallucinations after 2 years ? 
  do you still have them ? 
  if you would n't be stoned , your schizophrenia would decrease, 
  old response resulting in new advice for the future when the brain goes off, 
  you can flash the 4.2 camera with photosphere, 
  how is it going after 26 days ? 
  i am getting diagnosed this week, 
  htc, 
  you can try another medication , like vyvanse, 
  weird . . 
  i 'm sorry , but i would rather be able to concentrate than be a zombie everyday . 
  i just can not resist the way i am now , i need medication . 
  i have a psychiatrist appointment next weej, 
  hey , on my reddit mobile app i do n't have a pm sending function . 
  can you give me an alpha code ? 
  it will , as it happened to me from sudden and now i can not escape it, 
  do you still have it ? 
  a router maybe ? 
  eu is far superior to the usa . 
  free speech should n't be used to destroy lives, 
  did you relieve your chronic fatigue ? 
  i think i may have it, 
  i know , but i do n't have a pm sending function in mt reddit app . 
  i saw your iama, 
  can you tell me your symptoms ? 
  i suspect i may have it because i 'm always tired and coffee and energy drinks do not give me any energy, 
  are you really a brony ? 
  good for you , but why mlp and not adventure time or something else, 
  going to do it, 
  cosmote ? 
  yes, 
  what fuck the, 
  \u00cen romania too, 
  you are an idiot . 
  was learning programming easy for you ? 
  why is everyone so scared of that movie ? 
  i saw it recently and it was n't really scary , just weird, 
  any cars, 
  it is is, 
  the law of gravity , not gravity itself, 
  too bad i ca n't smell . . 
  what is the fastest rom for the s3 ? 
  i mean for performance , playing games and browsing reddit . 
  i am using ultimarom right now and my new games run very laggish , also when downloading something on adownloader , the device becomes unresponsive until a reboot, 
  there is no longer theme with anonymous because users complained, 
  i am really sorry for what happened to you . 
  if i were you , i would track her down , bring up a lawyer and make her pay for all the loss because someone who destroys my house and life generally does n't deserve to live a normal life, 
  coffee does n't have any effect on me, 
  does it have any effect on you ? 
  amphetamines too,
