  they do n't use their religion to be heard by `` infidels like you '' , they hate you simply because you do n't adhere to their beliefs . 
  you do n't gain their sympathy and they do n't really care how much you apologise for them , you 're just another infidel and if you 're caught out there you have no chance . 
  exact, 
  lost, 
  it was easy to learn romanian as a russian native , romanian has some slavic roots . 
  taste does n't depend on smell . 
  i ca n't smell but i can taste . 
  read about the slavic roots of romanian here http://linguistics.byu.edu/classes/ling450ch/reports/romanian.html, 
  i never had it . . 
  probably natal anosmya, 
  duck speis, 
  no it is n't , you are ignorant . 
  i imagine that you are most likely the guy you are talking about in your post , but you need to feel that ounce of superiority that you need to insult others for their opinions . 
  hopefully, 
  that was the maximum number of games in 2011 ', 
  it 's an awful treatment actually . 
  we should all wait for better options than testosterone suppressants which can mess up the balance for life . 
  i know many people who went through the same stuff , their testosterone levels went down and did n't seem to increase even after 6 months off treatment , so they had to resort to testosterone injections because of an awful treatment . 
  increases testosterone levels ? 
  where the fuck did you read this ? 
  its purpose is the opposite of that . 
  too thin or too not thin ? 
  all you need to do is use bottled water , the bad cases were in a city with very bad water conditions . 
  better get some adderall, 
  you need glasses . 
  none, 
  antiviruses are useless these days . 
  synthetic best ending, 
  thanks for the information . 
  are you an employee ? 
  if i ever encounter this again i 'll let you know, 
  how much did that european version cost you ? 
   i 'm mildly okay with tricking stupid people into something for their own good . 
  you are an asshole then , anyway microsoft in general does n't prevent attacks on users in any form , a simple rat server is enough to infect any windows and there 's no way you can prevent a fud server other by not running it . 
  you as a `` computer repair tech '' do n't know shit . 
  damn son , sounds plausible, 
  nice joke, 
  yes, 
  he isnt, 
  bonus twitch commentary https://www.twitch.tv/playstation/v/72298394?t=1h30m58s, 
  moscow times sucks , rt is better, 
  i have faith in this game, 
  you do n't know shit about russia , but you can pretend you do by reading propaganda . 
  rt is the kremlin 's view on the world and it does n't pretend not to be propaganda so it 's more trustworthy than some western funded so called `` moscow times '', 
  you guys are some greedy assholes . 
  stfu, 
  caucasian does n't equal white, 
  isis does n't care about money , looks like you did n't bother reading about them at all . 
  they believe in a prophecy they 're trying to accomplish . 
  they get enough money from sa , no need for stuff like that . 
  how much does facebook pay you ? 
  they should stop anyway , since you are deterring everyone from buying a rift . 
  exact, 
  chechens are salafists, 
   sovereignty - meaningless buzzword, 
  and that 's how i know you do n't know shit, 
  could n't say it better myself, 
  none ? 
  you 're so delusional you probably did n't even think that a leave vote would be possible . 
  yes :d, 
  este un cancer nedorit, 
  mai pu\u021bin *, 
  you 're losing the fight with this mentality . 
  then move to north korea and leave uk politics alone , you fascist `` wanker '' . 
  short term there 'll be an economic collapse , but after it stabilizes uk has a chance to get closer to the anglosphere . 
  i dont think i have ever posted in that sub, 
  i have the same problem too , can empathize with him, 
  triggered, 
  no i wouldnt, 
  trust me , i would n't . 
  e\u0219ti un idiot . 
  am zis de dota, 
  kongzoola has a press account . 
  if you bothered to read the beginning you 'd see that it 's actually the event horizon you ca n't get away from . 
  you would n't die a horrifying death instantly , if it 's a big black hole you 'd survive for a while as long as your ship can handle the singularity . 
  i know , but it might provide some insight on what our destination really is . . 
  of course, 
  the trailer says we are going to the centre of the universe , which is very different to a galaxy . 
  that does n't mean that the rules of our universe ca n't apply in that one . 
  you are totally detached from reality . 
  how to get these icons, 
  me too , my 660 ti has succeeded the test of time , now it 's time for a 1060 . 
  too bad it 's already out of stock . 
  30 % of 0 is still 0 \u00een real value, 
  thanks merkel !, 
  i hope you germans are happy with the delusional idiot you voted in . 
  most of these attackers are very well educated and have plenty of money , where 's your logic ? 
  stop blaming others for your retarded decisions . 
  my favorite game as a kid was warcraft 3 , probably played these custom maps more than any other game back at that time , thanks . 
  it 's easy to deport all migrants , whether you want to is another thing . 
  looking at your post history you should be the one doing that . 
  there 's something wrong with you . 
  not worth the $ 60, 
  it 's an urban myth . 
  carbs are n't good for you . 
  lord, 
  can confirm, 
  pretty clever . 
  feelsbadman, 
  pay up,
