  do you know any languages so far ? 
  you do n't even know what schizophrenia is . 
  i can help you make the hallucinations go away, 
  a lot of niggers, 
  schizophrenia is n't funny . . 
  your breed should stay away from eu, 
  i sent you an invitation ( virtual \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0437\u0440\u0430\u043a\u043e\u043c ), 
  at my place you can get that for $ 800 a month, 
  did you release the google translator for dota 2 ? 
  thanks a lot, 
  are you a steam engineer ? 
  i think i can help you . 
  i am self motivated . 
  try drinking only water and become busy with work or following courses on something you like like photoshop , this way you can does your appetite . 
  if you like exploring , buy a bicycle and go around your town or in your town and admire what you see . 
  do this for weeks until you become used to it . 
  pleasure will start when your brain gets used to rewarding effort . 
  when you go jogging you do n't help yourself , you just lower your calories.motivation is supposed to release endorphins , because you do something that you know well help , so if you do something that you enjoy and helps your body do it . 
  no motivation comes from the fact that you are doing something that 's supposed to change your life for the better . 
  for example if you are a programmer and you force yourself to exercise for a few weeks , you would find concentrating on coding easier . 
  if you get thin you have only to gain . 
  i 've been going to the gym for 5 days straight for now and i want to continue this for a month , because i do n't really enjoy sweating and the treadmill , but i know that it will make me concentrate easier and i would n't be ashamed going to a vacation on a beach . 
  at least they asked you, 
  muslims should b burned alive, 
  you idiot, 
  very fun, 
  i 'll need it for phimosis, 
  commenting to find this later, 
  saved, 
  i think circumcision is a better choice . 
  why do you regret it ? 
  i have the 840 pro and dota 2 has absolutely no lag, 
  valve is great, 
  what happened to it, 
  they were under gag arrest, 
  retards like you make reddit a bad place, 
  you are an idiot , you do n't even know about the law and its recourse . 
  please leave this site , conspiracy theorists like you are the most annoying side of reddit , you are so brave that you think you would risk your life and your family ( not that you even have these ) for saying some things without claim, 
  mister worldwide, 
  el presidente is here, 
  does it have many users ? 
  do you wan na play brave new world sometime these days ? 
  windows 8 is a much better experience to me than 7, 
  yes , windows 8 with a ssd is a blast, 
  depends on your budget, 
  closer to server, 
  e\u0219ti un retardat, 
  spp problem, 
  op , you are retarded , no excuse for that stupidity, 
  you are retarded . 
  in the past people were dying for malaria , of cancer and many other things . 
  today we have cures , we research treatments and cures , to solve the real thing . 
  you can stick to your herbs your whole life , i hope you see how pro herbs you will be if you get a serious illness, 
  our country ? 
  you are so brave that you consider every person you talk to on the internet is american.i am a russian living in europe , so you do n't know shit , you just assume everyone to be inferior to you . 
  if a person with a knife comes to you and requests you money , what are you going to do ? 
  see who 's the pussy here you fucking retard, 
  what do i need to do to become a legal immigrant in the us ? 
  did you know that a penis has a ten percent chance of breaking at every sexual encounter ? 
  how much does it cost ? 
  it 's the dream job, 
  siberia is in europe apparently, 
  apparently someone does n't check his last comment to see the hypocrisy, 
  [ redacted ], 
  i wish i could be as smart as you, 
  what language ? 
  that probably felt amazing, 
  you idiot, 
  i can help you if you want, 
  do n't do it , it 's a lot of hassle and full of bugs . 
  just stick to android , make a fallout theme or something on go pro . 
  saving for later on mobile, 
  we can play lan over hamachi or tunngle or gameranger, 
  nature intends to kill you . 
  natural selection , idiot, 
  you fat retard, 
  what is your device 's name, 
  verizon ? 
  root , flash custom recovery , download rom , flash rom , done . 
  i do n't know how us providers are i am a russian , but you should be able to do what i said above, 
  may i ask you what is your career ? 
  thanks but it is n't that one, 
  posted there thanks, 
  can not edit in my reddit app . 
  better explanation of the plot . 
  watched it 4years ago . 
  it is about some white people that go in china and in their house there is a sealed gate . 
  a female chinese steals the soul of a child and a woman goes behind the sealed gate to see the chinese woman 's experience . 
  there is a brick wall in the room behind the sealed gate which contains the bones of the workers . 
  someone help, 
  well the guy that owned the company killed all of the workers or something like that and he put their bones in a wall of bricks in the room behind the gate . 
  at the end of the movie the ghosts of the dead workers jump at him in the bed . 
  that 's it thanks a lot, 
  a redditor told me it 's called they wait . 
  thanks for trying to help, 
  thanks , i needed something to fall asleep, 
  why ? 
  did he make it, 
  normal, 
  sociopaths do n't care about anyone else , and they are not stupid , they mostly tend to stay away from social networks,
