  the hell, 
  it 's not a real maphack , just estimates where enemy heroes are based on their last position and movement speed . 
  he 'll get banned anyway, 
  it 's a lie, 
  actually it 's the end of the next week, 
  me too man, 
  nope , it 's getting released in open beta on thursday, 
  they 're not working on these things . . their programmers are pretty awful, 
   it made me question how such a small team could achieve so much and is so little time . 
  they have the best programmers in the industry . . it 's extremely hard to get a job there especially as programmer . 
  read the handbook, 
  weak in skill compared to the ones at valve, 
  wow, 
  io does n't, 
  what the hell is wrong with you, 
  go back to srs, 
  stalker, 
  i do n't have a boat, 
  lol, 
  do you need a coach, 
  it 's the engine that fuels the world, 
  exact, 
  frankenstein looked so happy biblethump, 
  nice, 
  part not week wtf, 
  i hope white walkers win, 
  jon did bad that he trusted aliser really , it was obvious he hated every second under snow 's command, 
  gearscore 2.7 k for lk, 
  it 's coming on thursday not today, 
  charm abuse my nigga, 
  details about the engine and release in beta, 
  stop crying , there are no `` stormfronters '' on reddit . 
  these are n't refugees , just economic migrants, 
  epic meme, 
  nope, 
  google voice can do it better, 
  today, 
  u guys are gon na get rekt, 
  league of legends feels like a decade year old game compared to dota 2, 
  valve does n't disclose how much it earns from a game, 
  not next week it 's thursday, 
  i 've specified dota 2, 
  really, 
  under 3.7 k, 
  i hope, 
  this user has also played as anusoid memelord, 
  are you high, 
  i do n't think he even has a mmr , he just tried a few unranked matches and concluded that it 's too hard for him, 
  do you even have any idea what racism means, 
  580 should get an update not 570 ? 
  more currency updates ? 
  15 mb update that enables the dlc which is 14 gb ? 
  finally : ddd, 
  thanks valve, 
  asshole, 
  get a divorce , you 're too naive, 
  call him and apologize at least, 
  slim to none, 
  if that is n't convincing i do n't know what is, 
  anele, 
  nope, 
  retarded inbred shit, 
  yes, 
  you made your own fate sweden , now enjoy your multiculturalism . 
  stop, 
  once a sjw goes outside in a gypsy neighborhood they 're no longer a sjw, 
  herpes, 
  nice, 
  portal 2, 
  heroes of night and magic too, 
  good rats, 
  nvidia shadowplay and to check fps use integrated steam tool, 
  i 've replayed v recently it 's still great , too bad ubisoft messed up iii `` hd '', 
  it 's not a human , do you have any idea what species mean, 
  you dumb idiot these poachers that mass kill elephants are n't the people starving , usually these poachers have expensive vehicles and even helicopters and they use them to kill elephants faster , you find excuses for shitty people and you have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  well the guy you 're quoting seems pretty retarded, 
  who cares, 
  well played, 
  too hard really, 
  few hours here too, 
  i 'd commend you for trying to create a tutorial at least but some people are just had at micro like me, 
  that costume must have been painful for all that time, 
  wow you 're fucking retarded if you think that, 
  crimea face parte din rusia . 
  europe will be islamic in 20 years , these things will get worse and worse and liberals are too afraid to admit it, 
  most immigrants from islamic countries do n't have the same values as europeans , so there are some cultural conflicts . . 
  if mass immigration does n't end europe will just be another africa or middle east, 
  no wonder the right wing has more and more supporters . . 
  if mass immigration does n't stop soon we 're doomed, 
  this is only the beginning, 
  yes but putting all the blame on sjws wo n't solve this . 
  it 's the politicians '' fault . 
  sjws are just a symptom, 
  man i agree with you on all your points but what i meant is that the ordinary sjws we see on reddit sometimes dont have any power other than silencing opinions that do n't sound politically correct . 
  the politicians from brussels are a different type than sjws we see but they push the same agenda, 
  let 's see who the leftist media blames this time, 
  islam needs to catch up with the modern world but that wo n't happen these attacks will get worse and worse, 
  they smile . 
  old saying the moderate holds you while the extremist beheads you, 
  most of them will kill you,
