  where is this place , more exactly ? 
  i will go in nebraska next week and i want to visit that place . 
  there are more samsung galaxy s3s bought than iphone 4s till this day ( iphone 4s october , s3 may ), 
  so you think people have stopped buying the device after a month from launch because the new one will roll in a year ? 
  that 's what i said :, 
  * iphone 4s : october 2011, 
  * samsung galaxy s3 : may 2012, 
  the same price , though more s3 's were sold in that time ( iphone 4s has 1 year since it launched and s3 has 5-6 months ), 
  what do you expect from pakistan ? 
  i know what this cult is . 
  it has not a real effect and the non real action is fading away as you do . 
  you do not need a priest, 
  i had schizophrenia too . 
  defeat them on your own , go to the source of sounds and tell them you are not afraid and act courageously because they are illusions made by your brain , not real persons or things , if you have visual hallucinations then go to the medic and take pills , i used to see ghosts and childs looking at me and i did not take and med because i was young , stay near your parents all the time and remember that the government does not care about you and the meds are for your own good, 
  next time you see rose tell her this exactly : ` you should be aware , your friends have told me who you are and what you are trying to do , next time i see you , i will kill you , not matter what , you do not scare me ' and before you say that make her hand you the irange , hide a knife in your waist and cut the orange , that will take her away from you . 
  edit : it is a cult , not just rose , she tries to get your attention and fade away from the reality , it seems like she is schizophrenic , schizophrenic persons become attached to some kind of people . 
  he knows, 
  i had it last night . . + false awakenings ( i thought i finally got over sp and went out of my bed and then i woke up back in the bed in sp with a very high pressure on my neck . . i could not breath ), 
  which one is the dude, 
  i hope you burn in hell for all the lies you tell here . 
  my friend has been living in nk for a long time and he fleed out of the country and was about to die in this attempt , he says that all your posts in this thread are pure lies and you are biased for them . 
  he lived in one of the territories near the border to sk , he could n't maintain anymore the life out there , it was very hard , the leader is crazy and the life is goddamned horrible , they were starving , they are n't happy , when a tourist goes out there it is mandatory that the citizens smile and act happy or they and their families will be sent in labor . 
  sleeping, 
  you should contract a hit man to follow you everywhere and report all the strange things like someone following you , if they try to harm you then you will at least be secured, 
  some of these cults know to plant ideas in children and they seed over time in their personality . 
  she had been brainwashed , how the fuck can you attend a `` pagan '' '' meeting in the woods after all these years in a stupid pagan group . 
  lsd and some drugs can trigger schizophrenia in people that had mental illness / anxiety / depression , things that a cult can do to a person , specially in the early ages of that person , you need her checked , by force , because she is in a real danger now and she needs you, 
  does this still happen ? 
  move out of that place and live in a more populated city , where she could have normal friends and not humans with crow masks in the woods . . 
  what is the country you live in ? 
  defiantly, 
  it 's the time for sure, 
  i know very good hacking techniques and can find where anna will be when she will send you the last message , aslong with many other informations , but i need more details , like the email she sent you from . 
  she traces and stalks you on facebook . 
  i think she put a virus on your pc and can see where are you whenever you are , that may be how she finds you all the time , i used to do this kind of stuff , it is called rat ( remote administration tool ) , basically she has 100 % control over your pc and the virus can be eliminated only by formatting windows ( if it is not detected yet ), 
  you should do this if you want to be safe and post to reddit without her knowing all the details and your gps location ... 
  she is a stalker and you need to describe her face and all to the police , they may have it in the database ( if you live in us ) and you can find all information about her , also alert all police patrols in your area to look after a woman using the descriptions you gave them . 
  i do n't think moving out of state/country would help , because if she is that psycho she will follow you wherever you go . 
  i think about this rationally , and how is n't she a human being ? 
  it is not that hard to trace someone 's laptop everywhere and stalk that person 's facebook , he actually mentioned he made a mistake putting in a relationship with **** **** so the stalker ( anna ) knew who she was and researched her . 
  she could wear some mask or something to seem like a man to the librarian . 
  some women have small breasts, 
  that shows the intelligence of iphone users, 
  hint : bad joke, 
  that is meant to keep the entertainment when reading a scary story , it is scarier if you know/think it is real, 
  thou have faith in gesus, 
  poor colby, 
  i see lots of down votes in this thread . . / r/apple leak ? 
  me too, 
  went to check for gone wild posts . . was not disappointed, 
  i have a window in my bathroom and each morning at 6 am i hear my old woman neighbor calling for her cat that died a few years ago, 
  ezreal is n't a she, 
  how hot was it ? 
  maybe there is a street rapper to rap for you, 
  today 's people are so easily creeped out, 
  french power, 
  would you like to go on a date with me ? 
  good times, 
  i am against nationalism , but nazis was an inflicted idea in the brains of a former leader , that was believed due to his high position . . 
  even jewish people have a group like this , but very small from what i know , they are called zionists , and have similar ideas to former nazis . 
  i am sure ahe went through a lot but that does not justify the hatred for one of the most powerful countries out there . 
  yes, 
  what advices do you have for someone that wants to sell digital things on ebay ? 
  like a dota 2 invitation or something like that, 
  masonry does not have an affliction in the government and all the `` symbolism '' is pure bs . 
  everything can be interpretation , common shakes or gestures can lead to some conspiracy crap . 
  i see freemasonry just as a `` college fraternity '' '' where you dream about reaching your human limits . 
  are my views wrong ? 
  most conspiracy theories from youtube are created by people that earn lots of money from them . 
  also you need to pay a tax to enter the lodge right ? 
  does it have similar ways with scientology ? 
  one more question . 
  i am russian/german and have lived in romania , many priests like to spread propaganda that the masonry `` wants to take the ( corrupted ) church down '' and wants to destroy christianity , what is your stance ? 
  i find them purely indoctrinal and want to spread hate for freemasons, 
  hmm ok , did you have more european customers than americans ? 
  i am trying to make money online , and i thought ebay could be a good start , but i think i will skip it for a while thanks for the questions, 
  mice, 
  mayonnaise, 
  i will be leveling a smurf on na ( i am euw ) , but starting from level 1 so i think we wo n't have the occasion to play :(, 
  ok then send me your id in a pm, 
  the call, 
  i am gmt +2 and i am available everytime except 11:30 -19:30 pm, 
  specs are n't everything, 
  moving to france . . 
  damn i have to start learning french, 
  multi view, 
  why are you so much against samsung ? 
  in my opinion it is the best android phone maker out there . . ( and tablet maybe , nexus 10 ), 
  i can predict your upvotes, 
  sorry to be that guy i just want to make sure you dont do the same mistake, 
  worse * ( worst means badest , worse means badder ), 
  you are so wrong , i have done a benchmark on my sgs iii and on an iphone 5 and my phone got a higher benchmark and it is 6 months before iphone 5, 
  all of them are before jelly bean ( the s3 they used has not been updated to jelly bean ), 
  with jelly bean , the sgs iii outcasts the iphone 5 , also there is a benchmark i can post about note 2 versus iphone 5 at which note 2 has 300 + score . 
  i can post my proof too , through to mention i overclocked my s3 and even without that it outlasted the iphone 5 . 
  i want to learn to code too . . 
  i am interested in this too , maybe we could gather up on skype and analyze the story ? 
  there has been a cicada thing some time ago and i was one of the only ones that decrypted the codes , my result was some blank page saying i have been too late, 
  i can close my nose and i am unable of smelling . 
  thanks :d,
