  so oracle confirmed for later today ? 
  nope, 
  wow , disclose their private info as long as they do n't hold my beliefs , hypocrisy strong, 
  wtf, 
  i know many mixed white asian people , they look like mongols, 
  racism isnt a crime, 
  that 's racist, 
  when is consumer version coming ? 
  i do n't want a heart attack, 
  ok thanks i 'd buy a demo but it 's currently too expensive for my salary, 
  so what you are saying is that the genes of all races are the same ? 
  then why do n't i run like an ethiopian, 
  then you are n't informed at all and you would rather ignore facts than acknowledge them . 
  thanks valve !, 
  he streamed a few days ago, 
  your response is well thought , but there are plenty of sources which study some ethiopians ' physical capabilities . 
  i did n't link a proper one because i 'm on mobile, 
  no if i were you i 'd rather buy wow , but that 's pretty expensive too, 
  my xbox receiver is broken :( controller keeps losing signal, 
  good luck man, 
  bullshit , makes me feel dizzy and i ca n't focus at all after exercise . 
  normal weight, 
  they would mute me :(, 
  but what about my russia accent, 
  no shif, 
  actually i found out that playing carries exclusively raised my mmr, 
  you are the plague in this community, 
  i 'm relatively good at support , but the way to do something it 's to do it yourself , do n't depend on some people that think they can play carry and lose, 
  but we also get lower prices on games , much lower, 
  i was stuck around 3,4 k mmr now i am close to 4k, 
  then i blame myself, 
  thanks for the trial , how can i make the game more interesting to play ? 
  never forget, 
  even if you use 2 separate accounts it still qualifies as brigading, 
  that 's a delusional idea . 
  china is mixed ? 
  western russia mixed ? 
  most of norway iceland ? 
  most countries are not mixed actually , i 'm white as snow, 
  you ca n't change your genes, 
  who cares about the eu anyway , it 's going to look like somalia in 30 years, 
  because as someone who worked in europe 12 years ago and living in it now , it became much worse . 
  more immigrants , lower wages and less money . 
  look at sweden , many of its cities are already `` islamic '' look at sharia rallies in london , at the politicians like tony in the uk that want to illegalize criticizing sharia, 
  who needs allies when you can be a walrus, 
  civil war 2.0, 
  you know it 's not just putin doing this, 
  true, 
  are you serious , how the fuck is a fit white guy in brazil related to `` race mix '', 
  retarded excuses, 
  i 'm pretty sure that guy is 99 % white, 
  no they 're just tanned, 
  sure, 
  no unless it happens every day, 
  valve gets in touch with organizers a lot i think, 
  in orthodox romania it happens 99,99 % of cases, 
  do n't you have employees in the eu, 
  need help with that ? 
  a kid that makes money from playing a video game well, 
  whataboutism, 
  gene slavice, 
  have you found out ? 
  your post is the most retarded thing i have read in a long while and i ca n't comprehend how it even exists, 
  people are downvoting you but you 're right, 
  does n't matter how , eu has the most expensive pricing on steam, 
  over 100 matches no drop, 
  no true scotsman, 
  money of course, 
  psrm, 
  asshole, 
  those look mixed, 
  example ? 
  i use methylphenidate for chronic tiredness , it helps a lot, 
  do you have heart issues ? 
  these asylum laws are fucking retarded . 
  why grant them asylum instead of helping them develop their countries ? 
  why do they receive death threats ? 
  in a difficult country people with tendencies like that should n't expose their tendencies because that 'll get them killed most likely in muslim countries . 
  there are many more reasons for which one would get death threats , not only being gay, 
  i wish you good luck and if you ever need to talk to someone who 's been through this pm me . 
  my only side effect from methylphenidate is nausea :(, 
  the situation is difficult but offering them asylum wont help their countries long term to combat this discrimination, 
  ok nationalistule, 
  russia plays dota way more, 
  what , extremely high taxes are n't enormous benefits ? 
  that would be a really bad choice, 
  im pretty sure i do n't have `` black dna '' . 
  i took a genetic test for heritage, 
  what patriarchy, 
  they 're homogenous, 
  i do n't stereotype black people but still ca n't find black women attractive, 
  when is the gem boost coming ? 
  your comment got [ brigaded ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays/comments/2owdd2/the_problem_is_that_this_movement_the_black_lives/ ) , do n't respond to these retarded trolls, 
  no , that guy does n't know shit . 
  look at steam games , russian region has a $ 15 price tag for a $ 80 game in another regions, 
  in the us maybe, 
  necro, 
  go away shitlord, 
  thanks, 
  sad,
