via synergy, 
  add me on steam andreiro2009, 
  so brave, 
  on steam store you just download it and choose hl2 maps, 
  if you do n't eat you get fatter not slimmer, 
  good one, 
  i had a sp 2 weeks ago where i slept in my room at like 4 pm for a nap and i opened my eyes in the room and saw . . nothing.the room was dark and the only light was on the hall , i saw the hall with the light instead of yellow it was white.i looked in every corner of my room and there was no shadow people . . the only hallucination i had was when it was first time , a shadow man looking at me , but i did n't pay attention and closed my eyes to wake up.you could try what i do when i have sp ( i have them naturally , without wild , also when a sp occurs the same day if i sleep more to bypass sp i find myself in a lucid dream which is great ), 
  ok here i will explain what to do when you find yourself in sp, 
  1 . realise it 's sp i mean try to move your hands and you ( i ) hear some sounds . 
  2 . i had one night where an audio hallucination was coming like some old women laughing , try to ignore these too . 
  3 . if you open your eyes accidentally and you see a shadow man , do n't focus on him , close your eyes and try to breathe . 
  this is all , you will wake up eventually sooner or later and that 's it . 
  my sp experiences are not bad and i feel good after them , i just learned what it is and when i wake up from a sp sometimes i find that i lucid dream , and that 's great . 
  i hope you will be all good , have a good day , 
  hahahahahaha in romania 1.0 gbps for 8 eur so hahahahahahahha, 
  what difference, 
  yes but the phrase with network censors is somewhat weird, 
  well , when i subscribed for the annual pass it was included on my account , but now it tells me pre-purchase , may it be because i stopped my wow subscription ? 
  i do n't think it 's really about the accounts database , i better start a support topic related to this now , before the game actually gets released and will have way more problems and mine will need much time to be solved . 
  i think it may be a bug , i contacted them . 
  where did you get your cdkey ? 
  ok thanks for your help , 
  i hope it 's just a bug and not because i stopped playing wow for a time . . 
  yes but look at the support link, 
  i think this is yours [ ] ( / pickletime ), 
  i do, 
  i got it to work guild wars 2 fullscreen windowed, 
  do n't do it, 
  the exams are medium difficulty and they give some models ( 45 tests ) and i have completed all of them . 
  i still live my childhood but this is the exam to get in a good highschool . 
  arithmetic average will be done from these 2 exams with my progress on 5-8 grades . 
  it is 9,61 so i need around 9,60 for the arithmetic average on the exams , to enter on my profile in highschool ( computer science ), 
  you may not understand the term but it is very right in romania , since the `` bad '' highschools are badly promoted and they do n't learn many things over there.it is not like one of your countries ' highschools where you go and you know that you will learn something , here in my city there are 3 major highschools and i need to enter in one of them ( otherwise . . ), 
  thanks for your advice , 
  i already learnt and i need to relax on the day before the exam . . 
  thanks for your advice :d i hope i wont regret this decision . 
  do you have it ? 
  ok i will thanks, 
  i have lots of games on it . 
  including exclusives like uncharted , god of war , resistance , heavy rain , also i got ps move, 
  the college is not that expensive as in us, 
  i would prefer a bigger screen than a smaller one . . i have a lg bl40 which is very annoying as a 2009 phone released after iphone 3gs . i can not even answer calls . 
  it really does thanks a lot i will see . . 
  dual monitor would be good for my station ? 
  i can take a picture now of my desk and you can give me an advice about setting it, 
  i game on my pc ofcourse . . could n't take a picture on the lg bl40 because it looked very bad , but i can show you on skype with the webcam how it looks like so you can decide, 
  i should just better describe my station . 
  so i got a 168x1050 on the desk with a fax next to it . 
  a delux keyboard ( old i think ) and an atech mouse . 
  the people that helped me buy generic pc told me that 1680x1050 is very good for games because you do n't need a very high-end video card to play games on high fps . 
  also i lack a hdtv in my room , i have a crt one which does n't support digital tv so i can not watch tv on it , and because i got a ps3 i could connect it to the hdtv and play . 
  i started with 1.5, 
  was going to say this, 
  this is my home network, 
  posting a post on your own comic for upvotes . . pathetic, 
  well it is not that scary to me but i did n't manage to get past the first level  ) where he goes into a room with a book and a candel and in that book it tells the main character . . 
  there i tried many things but ca n't manage to get that door open . 
  so i ca n't be scared if i can not get past that level since that level may be the less scariest . 
  ** arts is here **, 
  she knew . 
  ( karma train ), 
  android  ios, 
  it will be compatible with jc2mp so it will be great :d, 
  if you were more gramatically correct then i think someone would gift you arma 2 co , until then if you want to try it you can pirate it and play via tunngle . . but it has low quality servers so you should buy it without begging for it to be gifted, 
  they said jc2mp will support many mods, 
  what game is this, 
  for my game programmer carrer this will be good, 
  it has no unbreakable protection , that 's a lie . 
  if you can not afford arma 2 co and want to give it a try you can always pirate it , but if you will have money i suggest you to buy it . 
  you can play via tunngle like multiplayer on steam , not so many servers but many players . 
  i played it and it 's not like the normal multiplayer , the teams are already made so i left out for a while . 
  if you want to play it send me a message . 
  `` donate 25 $ or more and you 'll receive a copy of gary 's mod via steam for free ! '', 
  how is that free if you pay $ 25 ? 
  the title should be changed to donate 25 $ or more and you '' receive a copy of garry 's mod via steam . 
  without free, 
  this is my opinion , since free is delusional . 
  i want it, 
  i have super mario world on my psp , but when i reach the castle of . . ( the first castle ingame ) the screen turns red and black , otherwise it works perfectly , but i ca n't continue the game :(, 
  iphone version for christians . 
  buy one today and receive a bible you know nothing about and a free facebook app to demonstrate how religious you are, 
  i would be proud too if this was real . 
  ok thanks for the information . 
  i bought team fortress 2 2 years ago , and i am not really used to crafting and other things . . 
  i live in romania too . 
  the internet is http://www.speedtest.net/result/2021801102.png, 
  i feel the same way for pirating as op, 
  if you want gaming do n't get a mac , it 's simple . 
  it sure can handle , but the price is way too high . 
  i would even prefer an alienware than a mac , the os is boring ( in my opinion ) and has n't good compatibility to many games . 
  i am sure you could check a dell or hp laptop , also if you have n't enough money and your mac gets broken then you have to pay lots of money like $ 600 ( one friend had to pay this price for an internal error in mac , not caused by him ), 
  overall : if you want a better laptop , with better gaming capabilities then get a dell or hp one , if you want to pay lots of money for less gaming capabilities get a mac . 
  this is only about gaming , not portability , but i could do a post about that too . 
  i would recommend this laptop http://www.dell.com/us/highered/p/xps-15-l521x/pd 5.79 lbs and i think the battery is higher than mac , you could read some reviews too . 
  macbook pro and any other apple product does n't have a good ratio on quality/price , so you end paying 1199 dollars on a laptop that may be around 500 , for the same capabilities , and since you have those money you could get a much better than any mac could have like the one i recomendded , search on dell website and send me the link of your preffered laptop , i will check if it is good or not for what you want . 
  edit : also it seems more proffesional than a mac , you could install ubuntu on it and add gnome and such things if you miss the os on mac , and you will find out that it looks much greater than mac os, 
  in this case , i would recommend an alienware . . 
  the macbook ca n't compare to this one , and it is still cheaper than a macbook . 
  tell me what you think about alienware . 
  i do n't know what to say , it 's up to you also look on amazon for offers on laptops , i am sure you can find a great deal .
