  we are living in the 21st century , i understand the hatred between serbs and croatians but not the hatred between romanians and hungarians/turks because all that happened a lot of centuries ago and it isnt worth living with s grudge on people that did n't do anything personally to hurt you, 
  it is a business and they are not mine , they belong to the family . 
  i did n't say that with any pride in it because i hate them , they make everything unstable in the family because money invested is n't coming back any tine . 
  the hungarians there have lived for a lot of centuries and there is n't any proof that they intend to do that . 
  they are very nice to romanians so what you are saying is pure speculation, 
  what are you talking about, 
  i do n't care if you live in romania , link sources that say most of the hungarians in transylvania want unification with hungary, 
  you are retarded, 
  i do n't like russia you fucking retard , it is a shithole and i am moving to us , learn your history, 
  it 's real i do it too, 
  the camera sucks on cyanogen compared to samsung stock, 
  this subreddit has gone to shit, 
  reddit is not your site , more people use it and many of them have different opinions than you . 
  is srs pro muslims ? 
  you are retarded, 
  i have that too but the camera is shit, 
  very bad photos quality . . can not even read text much worse than the samsung camera . . i downloaded the last version today but did n't flash it yet , does it improve the camera 's quality ? 
  saved, 
  the ps4 is 50 % stronger, 
  hot water makes it more sticky, 
  i have no potential at all neither . . 
  haha ha ha ha haha haha, 
  gypsies should be thrown away into africa , you are in your fancy white neighborhood in the us but you do n't know about the shit we 're going through because of them, 
  i live in a country full of gypsies , they are the scum of the earth . 
  they are just retarded , their mind thinks constantly \u00b0 what am i going to steal today \u00b0 and they should n't be integrated into our society . 
  i hate both the culture and the race since i 'm sure nobody met any gypsy who did n't have the culture of stealing, 
  that does n't make any sense , there are black people who do honest work but gypsies no, 
  wtf, 
  if you need drugs to enjoy anything then that something is not enjoyable, 
  if you make money while being young , you 'll lead a good life, 
  another retarded apologist, 
  i am russian and i support ukraine, 
  too much tolerance, 
  what 's it called, 
  i participated into this . 
  it was an amazing trip with very smart people but i did not reach the end . 
  more people were going through the challenges fast and many groups have formed , but i was n't smart enough for these people , though i know how it ended for the people who finished the challenges, 
  it is , you should have felt the vibe when groups formed to search for the clues . 
  i was never into cryptography and never succeeded in programming , but the messages were n't hard . 
  the problem was trying to keep up with them . 
  it was not made by a person , it 's an agency or something like that for sure . 
  if nsa has the data , they can see what tendencies the people who decoded the images had . 
  i do n't think there 's any visible source right now on this movement, 
  but the clues are still there, 
  why are you faggot, 
  in 7 hours, 
  i 'll continue later, 
  vremuri grele in / r/fifthworldproblems, 
  last i remember was that i had to call a tool free number using skype ( it no longer works now ) and there was an automatized message that said '' you succeded '' or something like that and told you to go to an union site ( tor ) . 
  i followed others but there were many more quiz challenges to complete and since i was n't into cryptography i did n't succed . 
  the ones who did though stopped posting completely , there were very active members that were giving leads to others which made me believe that they were in fact the creators of this `` challenge system '' . 
  we used to be on the irc chat and sometimes new people were coming into it and giving leads to others immediately afterwards they left . 
  some of them were trying to post bad leads , but there were many that gave real leads . 
  it was a very weird atmosphere and i regret that i do n't know cryptography good enough for these challenges . 
  ( they still `` recruit '' so if you are interested you can join in some of the groups even if it is n't so active as it used to be ), 
  i posted a reply earlier it 's in this thread, 
  he is for sure, 
  i tried it too , too hard for me, 
  do you have problems with sleep too ? 
  i have allergies and i do n't snore , but i feel extremely tired , too . 
  cancer, 
  so how does it work more exactly ? 
  it 's one of the worst subreddits on reddit, 
  use cudaminer, 
  register on miningpool.co read the getting started thing and tell me what video card you have, 
  i do n't want unification, 
  ok good luck , i hope you have an ati, 
  more than 70 % of moldovians do n't want it, 
  i am scared of the heat for my 660 ti, 
  that 's what someone said when it was 200, 
  shitty joke, 
  and games run better on 8, 
  his case seems forced to me, 
  riot shit, 
  idiot, 
  what 's xposed for, 
  things like ? 
  we are much better, 
  you are delusional . 
  you see what they show you on tours , of course it s fucking clean, 
  feels good to see smart people in this thread , how easy can people be deluded by some pictures made clearly on a strict controlled tour is extremely dissapointing, 
  i 'm not even american, 
  soviet china ? 
  great condition, 
  what do you do for a living ? 
  his username, 
  test, 
  server is in stockholm, 
  first they did then they done should be soon, 
  people seem to forget this, 
  something fuck, 
  thanks, 
  what do you work ? 
  retard, 
  just leave, 
  i do n't see any, 
  being uncircumcised was better generally . . 
  what mental problems, 
  i was in cardio this whole summer and it never made me feel good , after each session i started seeing everything in white and things like that . 
  i was/am tired the entire day no matter how much i sleep .
