  just a lot of people moved from russia to moldova , also moldova is considered a country , not a part of romania . 
  it 's something like transilvania should be , under autonomy . 
  moldova is living in poverty because of corruption , but i 'm pretty sure most of them identify as moldovans opposed to romanians . 
  i lived there a few years . 
  if it happens a lot hold your breath when it starts and you 'll wake up instantly, 
  i lived there and i speak from experience . 
  your neighbor may have had different experiences, 
  i read eastern european and russian history books . 
  most of the romanian history is propaganda from communism . 
  basarabia / republic of moldova is a country . 
  i am saying about transylvania because it is the wealthiest region of romania and there is a lot of controversy about it as a possible autonomic region . 
  it is just my opinion , but moldova population is called moldovan , not romanian or russian . 
  romanian history books were modified by communists in order to make romanians more nationalistic . 
  it represents them / vallachia as saviors of western europe from the ottoman empire , it says that romanians stopped ottomans but ottomans went through serbia , because that is the shortest way , that is what european history books say . 
  it is the same as north korean propaganda , their history books say that they defeated the united states and that they are the greatest country . 
  this is propaganda ), 
  multi romani sunt prea nationalisti si se cred ei mare `` victime '' ale civiliza\u021biei occidentale . 
  i meant republic of moldova but moldova is shorter, 
  spoilers idiot, 
  depends if you have a router and dynamic ip, 
  what, 
  i think internet is russia is better than i 'm canada . 
  i live in eastern europe and i get around 90 ~ 100 ms to us , but to china 400 450ms, 
  how the hell ? 
  it happens to me too , sometimes russian are talking at full sound . 
  i am sure it is n't a virus because none of my accounts were stolen . 
  did you reinstall the realtek driver or what ? 
  you have probably a sleep disorder . 
  if you 're tired look into sleep apnea . 
  i have it because of my rhinitis allergy and i have sleep paralysis usually, 
  eternal patience ) ), 
  your wife is probably fat, 
  schizophrenics are n't retarded, 
  yes but the diagnosis does not mean they are retarded . 
  i know several schizophrenics and they are very smart but their disease makes them paranoid . . 
  no problemo seniore, 
  desoxyn, 
  woman, 
  are you a truck, 
  why, 
  i am with you , three idiots think they have any idea about wars, 
  israel is the most democratic country in the middle east , you fucking moron, 
  hehe, 
  yeah because jidf cares about conspiratards hiding in their mothers `` basements . 
  let 's be honest , you are retarded, 
  i wish i was paid to argue with conspiratards, 
  i can translate it to russian romanian and french, 
  cancer comic, 
  i hate this kind of people , they think they 're granted everything on the internet for free , but eventually we will have to pay for everything since these idiots do not understand that ads are the only things that make our websites free . 
  it will surely reach that point , since these elitist jerks will make a lot of websites go bankrupt, 
  i actually check the ads because they are personalized to my needs . 
  i want a nexus 7 so i see ads with this, 
  i did not, 
  because i am not an entitled prick, 
  i like you, 
  europeans are not a nation , every country has its citizens so you can not generalize europeans , but the standard of life here is better than there you cunt, 
  you have schizophrenia, 
  much funnier, 
  putin, 
  what metrics, 
  it does n't have the best internet . 
  where i live 1000 mbps is 20 euros and the country is pretty poor, 
  most of europe is blue , but europe has countries and it each state gets its own rating . 
  the us is a country . 
  would you tell me that detroit has the same standard of life as the other states in the us ? 
  your opinion is wrong , facts say otherwise . 
  the standard of life in europe is way higher than the us and european union has a better economy, 
  too bad, 
  i really hate americans like you . 
  the us has a very high rate of corruption , bad internet , highest rate of people in jail from the entire world , a full war on drugs that is not working . 
  you fucking idiot australia is not in europe , i am talking about countries of europe here . 
  look at finland , norway , sweden , germany , switzerland , austria , portugal , france , belgium , netherlands . 
  all of these countries have a much higher standard of living than any state of the us . 
  i am not fucking following any circlejerk , but stop being such a whiny bitch that gets fact out of her ass . 
  i bet you did not even exit the us . 
  detroit is a mess , a failed state . 
  it 's like saying syria has some nice areas , but it 's a fucked up country , entirely . 
  same can be applied for north korea . 
  do n't bother responding if you can not actually show any reference or say any experience you have outside of the us if you even have one, 
  people are unhappy about old bugs , including me, 
  i have sleep paralysis if i do that, 
  i used to like gandhi , but then he nuked me to the knee, 
  stunned while ult ? 
  it 's an 8, 
  careful why, 
  active ? 
  it 's a dead subreddit, 
  i wish / r/favors was more active, 
  yes , i know , but i encountered a lot of bugs and it 's a really unstable platform, 
  surely, 
  yes but moofle is not as uses as wordpress, 
  if you want we could play matches together and you might learn some, 
  idiot, 
  you should choose this guy, 
  you never lived in communism unlike me , capitalism is much better, 
  life under capitalism is much better than under communism , that 's all i can say, 
  i just like the life how it is right now , communism is just an ideology that did n't benefit any country which ran it because most of them are totalitarian, 
  you are a big retard, 
  i wish you a good life and that you will find the truth that there is no true conspiracy theory , just immature kids thinking that they have found the truth , i was one of these kids , i used to believe in illuminati and shit like that . 
  then i realised that the industry profits out of this whole thing .
