  sorry for your loss . . remember the best moments with him, 
  how did you collect all these links ? 
  that 's a trans, 
  maybe this is a sign for new currencies for these countries ? 
  time to enroll in the russian army . 
  good luck guys, 
  good time to use my botnet :d, 
  homogenous society does n't mean genocide, 
  the only country in europe that does n't have a shitload of immigrants, 
     you 're retarded, 
  natural selection , let them die, 
  you imply that they ca n't die because they 're pregnant ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  are you serious ? 
  how can anyone be that naive ? 
  srs bird , whoever made that video has some mental illness, 
  the thing is they themselves are n't feminists/sjws in the real sense , they just want to stir up shit, 
  move to 8chan, 
  romania , bulgaria have oligarchs, 
  also we eastern europeans have to pay similar prices to australia, 
  but you live in indonesia ? 
  you should keep the rubles , prices are much cheaper, 
  they are called oligarchs , and they were controlled by urss until 89, 
  most of them are over 20 , you have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  there 's something specific about russian women . . 
  dat 1 hit ancient . . 
  and ? 
  many of them post pictures of themselves , you can clearly see their age, 
  yes, 
  wtf , do you use any vpn ? 
  contact support, 
  great video, 
  costs, 
  muslim is n't a race, 
  do n't argue with leftists , they 're pretty delusional, 
  try nvidia shadowplay, 
  have a good time , 
  bravo valve, 
  you 're really delusional . . 
   biased research, 
  keep ignoring the facts, 
  less fortunate?haha, 
  looks like you self diagnosed, 
  a piece of . . paper is n't proof , i could print that too, 
  it 's shit , wages low and prices high, 
  a lot of people are diagnosed with bpd these days . . 
  no u, 
  spot on, 
  is that cartoon still alive ? 
  awesome work, 
  i 'll test it in 10 minutes , if it still works i 'll update, 
  edit : - perfectworld works perfectly fine , do not know about nexon because i dont have korean details, 
  because it is in stockholm, 
  proof for 50 ? 
  then you have 60 mbps , read your contract again, 
  do n't worry daughter , your father and i will love you no matter what ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  i hope verge dies out ignored, 
  dem genetics . . 
  yes but specific genes play a huge role in brain development which can make things like motivation seem easy, 
  are you serious ? 
  do you even watch the news ? 
  this article is extremely false , vegetarianism does n't mean good, 
  probably , a lot of illegal immigrants do n't get educated, 
  you 're probably the only neckbeard here , most people who generalize reddit are social retards that want to feel superior, 
  europeans too, 
  this is n't a good thing, 
  great bait, 
  but i 'm not, 
  yes, 
  fuck your propaganda article, 
  no , it was just an excuse to vandalize local businesses, 
  there was constant looting, 
  srs does n't run reddit but they do a lot of forbidden stuff like vote brigading which is n't punished because reddit mods do n't give a shit . 
  since the reddit mods themselves are sold the investors things like gamergate get censored too , so that 's how people get the idea that a group of degenerate trolls run reddit, 
  me too , but i 'd want a week with them . 
  pain is nothing compared to psychological torture, 
  democracy does n't work in countries like china you 're brainwashed, 
  yes , china is becoming more and more powerful . 
  at least their politicians care about growth , while the american ones are sold to corporations, 
  that was amazing, 
  this is pretty retarded, 
  your post history is amusing, 
  and ? 
  really ? 
  it 's funny seeing all these idiots with no ideas of russian exports say how insignificant the sanctions are for european countries . 
  romania was hit hard by the lower gas exports from russia, 
  reinstall windows, 
  the scamming system is huge in russia and peru because there are a lot of sites dedicated to it . 
  some kids think `` free money ? '', 
  and they start scamming using tutorials from these forums, 
  i saw it on the news that the kremlin cut 50 % of the gas to romania , and romania needs that gas, 
  romania uses second hand gas from austria which imports from russia . 
  90 % of the gas comes from austria as far as i know and they export it from russia , so indirectly romania is still very dependent on russian gas, 
  fucking asshole , that is not public information, 
  i do n't care about the halloween sale , distributing this hurts devs, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  pierce ? 
  omg that 's great, 
  nope, 
  is she shiite,
