  i am seeking psychostimulants , because energy drinks and coffee do n't work and i can not concentrate and i 'm tired all the time, 
  tilt poker online and offline now and i have a lot of people who are you a call from the airport to pick up the good old and a lot to be the same as in all honesty is is a good time to time but we can get the latest in the future is not my fault and a lot to be the same as in all honesty is not my fault and a lot to be the first time in the morning and evening of the most important thing is that the company is a good time to time and money on the other hand i am a beautiful person who is the best of luck to you and i have been a great way to get a chance to win the game is to be a good time with my own life and the other hand i am a beautiful person who is the best of luck to you by the way to get a chance to win the game is at a very nice of, 
  i saw desoxyn instead of dexedrin, 
  is this available for more countries ? 
  how much is the price you paid converted in eur ? 
  with mers right ? 
  i hope i 'll get diagnosed soon , i feel that meds would greatly help me, 
  thank you too, 
  do you mean that they do or they do n't ? 
  they do n't exist , but your sentence is confusing, 
  saved for later mobile, 
  opiates, 
  that 's not true , computers over 4gb of ram come with a 64 bit os installed, 
  you are a shitty teacher, 
  [ europe has a better economy than the us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) ), 
  comparing eu to ussr is very stupid . 
  eu will transform in the use ( united states of europe ) in about 2 years and they are trying to build the economy back up.the recession will descrease soon . 
  where did i say they have more people ? 
  i said the eu economy is the best in the world which is true, 
  i wish i had money for the game . . 
  you 're crazy , idiot . 
  roman prost, 
  ps3 has better games imo , exclusives like got , uncharted , lbp , mgs, 
  1.5 was the best imo, 
  we want it , but it better be a good sequel, 
  you are an idiot, 
  do you still believe in anonymity ? 
  i would rather have my info handled by google , and since i am one of the hundreds of millions of costumers , i do n't care . 
  people are according too much self importance , no one really cares what you do, 
  this antiprogressive personality wo n't lead you anywhere , you are the typical neckbeard looking at successful business companies and criticizing them over idiotic things . 
  even in my parts , in russia , old people were n't so conservative . 
  yeah , you would rather have com cast and time warner than google . 
  i never thought some americans are so idiotic . 
  \u00cen europe , we have better laws than in the us , you are expecting to be the centre of the world and the leader of the economy worldwide , but you can not be . 
  you may or may not use their products , you do not surrender your information , you give it to them for relevant ads which supports free products like youtube , google search , google plus , google maps and many others . 
  why not $ 3 per video if we 're here . 
  how really ? 
  eu has a much better economy , infrastructure , industry , civilization and much more history than the us, 
  i can not understand anything from what you said . 
  i am partly german partly russian , so you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  please go jerk off in your mother 's basement and eat your party sized pizza , you need some fuel in that fat . 
  multiple accounts for the same person are so idiotic . 
  you forget that americans are the trashy europeans on another continent . 
  you 'll get shadowbanned , i wo n't report you now . 
  europeans brought civilization in the us , before its declaration of independence as a country . 
  not you . 
  conservative people in russia need to grow up in order to tolerate gays, 
  that 's false, 
  where does it say something like that ? 
  vyvanse has a lot of side effects , as any other adhd medication . 
  definitely, 
  i know homeopathy is bullshit . 
  i researched it a lot , and my mother does n't really care , the effort i put into all the things is too much and it drives me insane because i can not concentrate . 
  it 's like you are trying to run to a building and there 's a huge wall which surrounds you , if you try too much you are getting a headache and a huge disappointment in yourself . 
  that 's it basically . . 
  if she decides to get me a psychiatric appointment which will diagnose me and give me meds meant to help , then i will be good , but i have been in this mess for 8 months . 
  i am starting to have hallucinations from stress, 
  i did n't take any , i do n't believe in that shitty method of getting money . 
  update : i feel somewhat better now , i 'll go to the hospital tomorrow for some tests and see what i have . 
  the pain still is but not that high, 
  no , arabs are really against the us . 
  most of the muslims i know hare the us and used to praise bin laden, 
  it worked for me , the ones from adobe did n't . 
  i mean that the latest one from xda works perfectly and the older ones from adobe did n't . 
  it 's practically the same, 
  thanks for your support . 
  good luck in your life , i hope i 'll have in mine, 
  i need, 
  ignore him, 
  this is a great comic, 
  just stop, 
  i do n't understand , could you clarify for me ? 
  my ip sends me on the other side of the country . . 
  what if he 's on mobile, 
  let 's do it ? 
  there are a lot of private servers available . . 
  if you eve want to get back in wow tell me , i 'd start , but i have no one to play with , my friends do n't really have money for this game, 
  how did you receive your dev kit ? 
  you are trying to start a stupid circlejerk . 
  iphones really are ridiculously expensive, 
  i am talking out of contract . 
  the price for am individual unit is always higher if it is an iphone , than if it 's the newest samsung product, 
  try 4cham sync , the browser mobile version is pretty good too, 
  yes thanks a lot, 
  yes that is thanks a lot, 
  type it in the address bar, 
  americans , do n't fail us, 
  + tip $ 0.50 verify, 
  sleep paralysis is a blessing and a curse at the same time . 
  being frightened is bad , but the things we feel and hear and see in that stance are like a bad drug trip, 
  saved, 
  do you want to play some matches ? 
  i have got around playing it lately , but i have no one to play survival with, 
  where did you get v8 ? 
  what movie is that ? 
  you have aspergers, 
  remote administration tool . 
  a lot of script kiddies on hackforums use them , and crypters make them fully undetectable, 
  this thing motivates me to be successful earn money in order to have enough for glass, 
  international is n't,
