  how much will it learn me ? 
  i currently have 8 points . 
  i can only imagine what kind of man would pay near 1 million to have sex . . 
  he ate it afterwards . 
  i am not in us , but from what i 've heard sprint has worse antennas than verizon and at & t and lower budget , but they still can manage to get a jb update rolling out for the sgs3 while verizon and at&t struggle ? 
  ouch, 
  4 comments 1054 upvotes, 
  last paragraph is childish . 
  i have the international one and it is compatible . 
  you are the hero we need , but not the one we deserve . 
  thanks . . by the way this picture has been taken 4 weeks ago , he was born on 15th august and he lived for around 9 years , i can not accept his death . . 
  well the wound is fresh now . . and i feel like i did n't do all i could do with this dog , i did n't get him outside enough , he was really smart and i do n't know how will i can pass this harsh life without him . . 
  cars . . 
  anyone ? 
  yes , but it is shit , lag everywhere and bugs also no siri, 
  why ? 
  why the dark part of your life ? 
  where did he ship it from ? 
  maybe you can contact him and thank him for that gift . 
  criminal, 
  upvoted for enthusiasts, 
  school, 
  the better question would be what would you do if you were invisible, 
  ah i thought it was because of the bashing i have seen around in this subreddit, 
  praise the fuck, 
  op picture is amazing, 
  the only thing that i have a lot of people who are not the intended recipient , you can get a chance to win the game . 
  i am russian / german and have lived in the morning . 
  i am russian / german and have lived in the morning . 
  i am russian / german and have lived in the morning . 
  great costume , too much makeup though, 
  austria , germany and switzerland have the best mountain roads and it is wonderful to go through them visiting the country, 
  they must hate the uk right now, 
  i think they hate the uk right now for not being as stupid as the us court system, 
  yes, 
  do you have autism or schizophrenia ? 
  would it be easy for me to get legally in us from hungary ? 
  i am living in eastern europe so no google fiber for me , but i would not need it since i am 1 gbps right now on gpon equipment capable of 2.4 gbps . . 
  i had a 5 mbps speed and i paid the same price as 1 gbps and was upgraded for free . . 
  proof : http://www.speedtest.net/result/2021801102.png will add more if needed, 
  price : 10 dollars, 
  birds with arms, 
  i do n't have to wait more than 3 mins to download a game or program and i have no lag in games and good latency to any place on earth . 
  and you , sucking a dick, 
  `` for fun '', 
  you could replace iphones with phones that have the same message tone . . 
  he is a scammer . 
  ` murica, 
  you can toggle it easy manually, 
  he lies, 
  you sir , have made my night, 
  lol, 
  did you respect these 278 days ? 
  congrats usa for not fucking up, 
  signed europe, 
  flash cyanogen mod, 
  i wonder how 'd it be on pc . 
  i have a ps3 and i have lots of great exclusives , this is why i like ps3 , great games that are not on pc and are spectacular . 
  they are all very good guys, 
  ps : russia, 
  res res res res res, 
  why do n't say you 're on your phone instead of iphone , you know , there are better phones and we still call them phones , not androids, 
  love * ( what is love ), 
  dont hurt me, 
  i expected australia too, 
  the more you learn, 
  old memories, 
  they look into your soul . 
  i hear op is a faggot too . 
  flash using odin samsung jelly bean from xda . 
  if you do n't like touchwiz , flash cm 10 nightly on it and you 're done . 
  where do i register for a fucking game ? 
  why do people say mia instead of ss ? 
  as has been in moba games since dota 1 . . 
  when i play with yi my friends call me a noob , same with twitch.why is that hate ? 
  you 're a ghettokid, 
  i have a sgs3 , but ca n't manage myself to install supercharger v6 on cm10 nightly , i used to use omega rom , but it did a bootloop when i installed v6 supercharger . . should i try it again ? 
  i followed the instructions and ended in a boot loop . . 
  what did he say ? 
  more jpeg, 
  thanks for your advice, 
  does java have similar codes like if/else with c # ? 
  ah , i misunderstood then , so should i jump on http://inventwithpython.com/ and leave codecademy ? 
  i noticed , now i learn using http://inventwithpython.com, 
  when i was a child i used to believe this crap too , but after i grew up i look back at it and laugh to my naive past, 
  thanks, 
  damn i have the same specs as you except that video card , i would do anything for gtx 680 , as i currently own a gtx 260 that annoys me when i play games and it decides to crash ( black screen for 7 seconds ) right when i am in a fight . . 
  glad you 're back, 
  i pay $ 10 monthly for 1000mbps dl/up, 
  how much do you earn per month ? 
  i highly disagree with `` who plays '' section . 
  nexus 4 is better than iphone 5 and it is only 300 dollars no contract . 
  smooth criminal, 
  i downvoted you because i prefer dogs over cats, 
  are there only 3 episodes ? 
  tryndamere down voted you, 
  / r/menrights rights would appreciate this, 
  this sums up all my anime friends ( even males . ), 
  yeah , even if nationalists tell you otherwise , romania is the worst place i can think of . 
  i have lived here for 10 years and i ca n't wait till i can move out of this shithole .
