  `` its an iphone shut up '', 
  ya ' cunt butter, 
  [ ] ( / hahahahaha ), 
  [ ] ( / hahahahaha ), 
  you 're *, 
  maybe you were a bit tired and sleep paralysis can occur even if you stand up.or you dreamed the whole thing.or someone drugged you . 
   `` they are either clueless about upgrading to jelly bean , since most of the android smartphones run 2.3 aka gingerbread '', 
  i stopped reading here . 
  is this for beginners like me rather than the link in the op ? 
  then every smartphone is, 
  it does n't matter what you speak to people on omegle , many of them are pedophiles too.try video chat . 
  torrents , them are dubbed in romanian on romanian private trackers , many of them are hd too, 
  or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yciy1y3uj3o, 
  the game is not about the simulation of zombies , it is about roleplaying . . as any other game . 
  it has been announced on the sgs3 and it comes mid august ( means in a few days ), 
  get the samsung galaxy s3, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  yes , but he suggested you a cheap android phone . 
  if you were n't an iphone user and tried a high end android product like samsung galaxy s3 , you would n't come back to iphones . 
  this is why i have n't bought arma 2 yet , they are going to release a standalone dayz , maybe with improved capabilities . 
  that is their problem , but i do n't understand why us gamers must think about how the developers manage to deliver an experience , we must think about the actual experience and if it is worth the money . 
  i am sure they have everything prepared to avoid a pressure on their servers . 
  i played it , but on my sgs3 the game runs slow and in order to avoid waiting times worth 10 minutes you have to buy ingame items called halo . 
  i root it the next day after i got it . 
  it is worth it . 
  i have the international sgs3 and the root was like 1 minute and it is my first rooted and android phone . 
  you should take a look on xda.they have more informations than reddit . 
  the good thing with it is that you can install droidsheep , wifi kill , network spoofer , very funny apps to mess up with people on the same wireless , also autostartup to setup which apps boot up so you can make the boot faster . 
  it is really a great thing , and i have donated 3 euro to the developer . 
  the apps i mentioned work only with root access , including name spoofer , i am on the international model , so i do n't have things like verizon bloatware and such . 
  here in europe adding bloatware without a costumer wanting it is illegal and i am happy with my international version then . . 
  root has made me happier with my recent purchase.also it does n't void warranty here . 
  depends on what they do there . 
  he looks like a small kid . . so that is perfectly normal since he does n't rationalize what he can do to escape off the heat, 
  / r/creepypms, 
  smart . . arguing with a 5, 
  murica ', 
  i pay 8 euro for fiber optic with 2.4 gbps speeds in romania, 
  they started to pay attention to europe . . especially eastern/northern countries, 
  i have the international version with quad core and have 4g, 
  sorry but she does not care about you . . 
  the truth is that you should launch divorce before she does it , and trust me , she will do it for sure, 
  you should let mature people handle this , you have no experience yet and your opinion regarding this is immature, 
  i was wrong, 
  you do god 's work son . 
  yes , i tried to flash but it said check md5 for hash . . please wait then it quits by itself, 
  i got the stock rom for my country and i tried to flash it , but odin stucks at check md5 for hash , please wait ... and then it quits by itself . 
  recovery mode and download mode work , i need a way to mount the sdcard while in recovery mode or get a full stock rom and try again to flash the android revlution . 
  it was fixed , the stock rom for my country was blocking odin so i tried italy and worked then i flashed my rom, 
  i phone conversation 100 % legit, 
  you 're *, 
  sounds legit, 
  your *, 
  i live in romania and pay 8 euros for a 2.4 gbps connection ( i was lucky ), 
  second world succes, 
  it does n't look plugged though, 
  i do not have the sense of smell neither . . 
  i never did, 
  iphones are dated and people still buy them , i will never understand why . 
  how can this reach my front page ? 
  i never realized people fap to google . 
  maybe this is the reason most of apple 's products start with i , so they make their costumers feel `` unique '' among other 20 millon users , like every thing that starts with i or with mac is the best . 
  blur his pixels too, 
  milky way, 
  this is a short one , but the scariest one i have ever experienced . 
  it was 5 am and i woke up in my room . 
  i have some kind of window to the hallway and saw a strange woman in a white robe . 
  i called for my mother , but no one responded . 
  i was scared and went to the hallway and saw some kind of a light circles on the walls and then i went and slept in my parents ' room . 
  i told my mother next day what happened and she said the woman was the mother of christ , but i always thought it was a hallucination or the woman that died in our house . 
  i was 7 and 8 years later i still live there , but the experiences stopped when i went to the hallway and told ` them ' that i do not fear them and talked with them for 1 hour , the experiences have stopped after that night . 
  apple has a warning from anonymous . 
  apple has received a warning from anonymous . 
  further actions will be taken next weekend against apple ceo , website and products . 
  i always hear voices calling my name at night . 
  i did n't find the sources yet . 
  when i read rage comics on this subreddit i only see iphone users that are stupid . 
  ( i do n't mean to offend the apple users ), 
  vegetarians can not digest meat after a while , maybe he was smart and if he left the vegetarian regime he could eat meat again . 
  it is n't incest if you are not blood related . 
  i got samsung galaxy s3 2 weeks ago , and rooted it after 2 days , then flashed a rom after 5 days , it 's really an easy thing to do when you get used to it , you can always contact me because i have some early experience with it , and in 2 weeks i know the procedures perfectly . 
  you 're the dumbass . 
  [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ) [ ] ( / dino ), 
  maybe you got an old iphone 3gs or 4 on ios 5 or ios 6 beta, 
  old iphones on new versions of ios have lots of lag sometimes, 
  you know , not everyone has iphones . 
  you were too harsh to him and he did n't know what to say , also i think he wanted just to hang out , while you acted as a bitch . 
  [ ] ( / dino ) le le le le le le, 
  [ ] ( / dino ), 
  do n't blame reddit if your social life goes downside , blame yourself . 
  also stop making up stories . 
   are you ever listing to me ? 
  i do n't know what to think of this rage comic . 
  she misses the times you were a child . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  in the country i live in 99 % of internet users pirate , but if they like the products they buy them . 
  motorola really improved since google bought them . 
  how did this reach my front page ? 
  `` why not get to know somalia ? '', 
  slow,
