  what do you think about ukip ? 
  why do you censor gamergate ? 
  i hope i 'll live for 30 more years to see the nordic states as somalia, 
  not joking, 
  how, 
  yes, 
  front national will fix that, 
  no , the right wing wants to make europe more united , but not under liberal laws . 
  europeans share a lot of traits with each other , so it 'd unite us, 
  3,7 here, 
  & gt ; a youtube, 
  because of people like you eu will fall to a civil war, 
  too bad i ca n't get it in europe, 
  these neither , eu law forbids their use, 
  yes but where i live it 's very hard to get them , been trying for 3 years . 
  i have a brain disease, 
  tea i live , the situation is getting more tense, 
  most of them do n't ship to eastern europe and i 'd rather get it prescribed for adhd, 
  seriously , valve ? 
  ( valve complete pack ), 
  damn now i can not get drops, 
  you look like shit, 
  you got life all figured out, 
  if russia is as poor as you say then it does n't have money to pay us , it 's the common strategy of calling people from the other side shills , which is pretty pathetic, 
   genetically exactly, 
  not even white people are `` genetically exactly '' with other white people, 
  every race developed in different regions around the world , evolution was very different in these regions, 
  looks awesome, 
  and we 're not the same species, 
  but i 'm not, 
  they deserve that , let them rot, 
  thank you valve, 
  retard, 
  u so funny suka, 
  well that 's the truth , genes decide our fate mostly, 
  democracy is overrated, 
  you 're such a strong activist , just grow the fuck up , you 're not 16 anymore . 
  there 's a life out there waiting to be lived yet you fight for your retarded social justice `` issues '' . 
  no wonder a lot of people like you are depressed and have no will to do anything other than thinking their opinions matter, 
  do n't try to argue with that guy , he does n't know anything about any other country than his `` west '' bubble, 
  that 's why the right is rising, 
  you are pathetic for not researching it, 
  greece ? 
  nice try ebola, 
  sweden today , somalia in 25 years, 
  sweden , yes !, 
  february is a terrible october 19th :( ... like worst october 19th since the march-august ones . 
  time flies so fast :(, 
  what movie was this, 
  16 october, 
  russian average wage is much higher than of romania and prices on steam are much lower , steam just sucks . 
  try gog, 
  white guilt, 
  you must have a sad life as a srs poster, 
  yes , the irc chat is pretty retarded too, 
  dont be so sure, 
  fucking immigrants, 
  liberals and political correctness, 
  i agree but the agenda that promoted political correctness caused this too, 
  could be valid, 
  your country will look like somalia in 20 years, 
  your kind of mentality is what causes western societies to fall, 
  full of islamists, 
  not here, 
  you 're using adderall wrong, 
  sweden, 
  it 's the eu 's fault, 
  and run into them, 
  worthless man, 
  i really thought he was dead, 
  many from this sub think that those of us that doubt the western representations of some things are putinbots , it 's a pathetic way to undermine the one who disagrees with you, 
  who cares if they are n't a democracy ? 
  their current system seems to be working fine for them, 
  also the us broke a lot of human rights too , you ca n't just call china on that, 
  you ca n't just buy russian credit , i charged my account with qiwi and rubles got converted into euros, 
  resourced are n't unlimited , not even for valve, 
  they have a pretty small dev team too, 
  it 's just $ 10 for a game you enjoy playing . . 
  is there any channel for this ? 
  dolls, 
  please stop commenting, 
  i do n't see westboro killing people, 
  russia or eastern europe for sure, 
  isis follow the laws of the quran , how are they deluded idiots who have no idea what islam is about ? 
  how many of them asked you to marry them, 
  your tolerance will get you killed, 
  i agree with you , however nothing will change . 
  muslim `` radicals '' are wiping out western nations and there 's nothing you can do against that . 
  hippies would literally let themselves beaten to death as long as they are n't `` oppressive '', 
  isis flag on motorcycle, 
  isis flag they 've been carrying, 
  lol , you have some big issues . 
  there is n't any christian modern group killing people because they do n't share the same ideology . 
  a lot of crimes were done in the past for different reasons , not just the crusades , inquisitions and so on . 
  i did n't know muslims are a race, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  they wore scarfs and carried isis flags , photos published, 
  $ 1b says islam is n't a race, 
  you were right, 
  no one got banned for trading with russians , they got banned because of using russian vpn,
