  regarding the links above i want to show that the animal cruelty cases in china and in many other asian countries is much higher than in the west , so this generalisation is true . 
  i live in eastern europe and most animals in the country i live in are n't treated well , for example every christmas the pigs are burned alive , even if the european law states that they must be shot in the head so they do n't have any pain , still `` traditional values '' do n't care about such things . 
  i 'm on dogechain , i get around 500 dogecoins every 3 hours with my 660 ti, 
  if you still need help you can ask me i mine with a nvidia card but an ati should n't be more difficult, 
  you have no idea about real life situations, 
  cyka, 
  keep overreferencing a stupid meme you retard, 
  do kegels and you 'll regain your feeling, 
  i had the same problem as you and i got circumcised , i do n't regret it and i hate how these people down vote us even if we had legit medical reasons, 
  your opinion is worthless since you are a retarded srs member, 
  ok take care of your temp, 
  yes but kegels are worth it trust me, 
  78c at 95 % fan using k7x32 running 300khash here . . how do you cool your gpu, 
  i have never seen a black person in romania, 
  i agree , if someone planted a bomb in your house and blew up important buildings and killed thousands of people would you let that happen again ? 
  that 's because people use adblock, 
  pfft, 
  valve can do it, 
  dota 2 is better , and you ca n't replace wow with mobas, 
  go kill yourself, 
  your autism is stronger than his, 
  no you are the ignorant for not researching before looking like an idiot, 
  bulgaria is way more developed than mexico, 
  valve listens, 
  after i drink water i 'm dizzy and blind for 10 seconds, 
  they 're so many, 
  no , egalitarianism is about bringing balance . 
  feminism is about women bitching about their imaginary patriarchy, 
  just ignore that idiot, 
  `` check your privilege '' is very prevalent these days unfortunately, 
  most feminists are fat anyway, 
  you can thank sjws and / r/shitredditsays for feminism 's reputation, 
  you have no idea about russia, 
  why are you a feminist, 
  i do every day, 
  can fitness give me more energy ? 
  android is much better than windows phone, 
  damn . . 
  we do n't live in a `` male controlled society '' there are a lot of women in high positions too . 
  imagine a marathon of 10 miles , in order to win it you have to do your best . 
  many feminists say that it 's not fair that in order to win you have to run 10 miles and they demand that their existence simply dictates that wherever they are in these 10 miles they should be treated as if they won the marathon . 
  this is why most men do n't take feminism seriously . 
  now related to the discrimination part both sides can discriminate each other and a woman can criticise another woman for her appearance and a man can criticise another man for his appearance . 
  there is no society rules that dictate how they should be treated , you should n't try to change the mentality of people around you , if their perspectives annoy you then change your group of friends, 
  related to the theatre part why would you get offended at something like that ? 
  calling someone gay used to be an insult for whatever that person was doing , but it does n't correlate with things like musical theatres , if someone tells you '' but that 's gay '' you know that you are n't talking to a smart person and you should n't take seriously whatever he or even if they are more might say . 
  related to the workforce part , that is how it has been for thousands of years , it 's not '' male/female oppression '' , it is n't mandatory that the man has to work and the woman has to stay home but in a lot of cases this situation is favourable over any other circumstances . 
  most things feminists complain about `` patriarchy '' do n't even make sense , let me give you an example . 
  rape , i know it might offend some people but it 's a pretty good example on how feminists call simple evolution patriarchy . 
  rape is prevalent in the animal life and it used to be prevalent in the human life too , ducks rape each other horses rape each other they do n't have a developed sense of empathy , all their brain tells them is food , reproduce water food . . 
  this is a clear example that rape is natural in some way , i do n't condone it , evolution let us brain develop that we see that our old ways were pretty brutal , still the point remains . 
  it 's related to this blog http://feminspire.com/debunking-the-caveman-excuse-why-rape-is-not-natural/, 
  why are you here then ? 
  what, 
  he 's retarded, 
  when did i say you hate 4chan ? 
  go kill yourself you dumb shit, 
  if you have questions about dota 2 you can ask me, 
  another one from me in 3 minutes, 
  do you get these vitamin b12 supplements ? 
  i eat a lot of meat eggs and cheese , but i think i have that form of anemia where b12 can not get absorbed, 
  there is no 2gb, 
  lan you see there ? 
  it 's not on the internet, 
  i live in the country with the fastest and the cheapest internet connection , i pay $ 18 for 1gbps . 
  ( romania ), 
  i can have 10 gbps from my isp right now but i do n't have a good enough pc for that http://www.rcs-rds.ro/business-internet-premium, 
  liberal is literally hitler, 
  no but there is no cheap technology for 2gbps yet , there is one for 1 gbps called gpon and that 's why . 
  i told you that was their lan speed not internet speed which makes a huge difference and japan, 
  http://www.netindex.com/ take a look at this, 
  there are no issues with the dota 2 client you 're lying, 
   the itu-t g. 984 gigabit-capable passive optical networks ( gpon ) standard represented an increase , compared to bpon , in both the total bandwidth and bandwidth efficiency through the use of larger , variable-length packets . 
  again , the standards permit several choices of bit rate , but the industry has converged on 2.488 gigabits per second ( gbit/s ) of downstream bandwidth , and 1.244 gbit/s of upstream bandwidth . 
  gpon encapsulation method ( gem ) allows very efficient packaging of user traffic with frame segmentation . 
  this is the technology my isp uses , but there is no subscription yet for 2 gbps and also compare $ 18 for 1 gbps with $ 200 one for 2 gbps in japan . 
  [ so-not uses the same technology as my isp , but gpon in romania it 's rolled out everywhere compared to japan where there are only 7 cities planned ] ( http://puu.sh/6kdc7.png ), 
  i have n't noticed any of your problems , you might want to verify cache for dota 2 and try to launch it so it updates itself to the bloom event, 
  my phone has a higher resolution than my pc . . 
  reddit spam system, 
  nothing wrong, 
  check your privilege, 
  most crimes in the us are done by black people , is this racist ? 
  stop calling every fact racist, 
  since you love black people so much why do n't you live in a ghetto, 
  it 's a more complex issue , but it 's true that there are a lot of black supremacists lately or retards like these on tumblr who keep blaming white people for something that does n't even make sense, 
  congressman not congresswoman, 
  at least the iq will increase if more / pol / users start migrating, 
  looks like you never visited / pol /, 
  no i 'm just saying that on average romania has a better speed than japan, 
  they can work but they wo n't, 
  no shit it looks like that tumble white priviledge shithole moved to reddit, 
  i 'm constantly tired all the time too, 
  overusing a shitty meme, 
  what 's wrong with his comment ? 
  he 's right, 
  you 're so fucking retarded go suck a dick or something since you are so `` tolerant '', 
  good job, 
  starcook 2, 
  do you take one more player ?
