  they do not separate by country but i am on mobile and the search is worse , but i found someone lectrick with a bf3 profile photo if that 's you then i sent a request, 
  thanks for the recommendation, 
  it does n't matter how obstrusive it is if it helps me rest , my main issue is the rhinitis allergy which is a somewhat asthma/deviated septum combination . 
  i started doing a vaccine for it 2-3 years ago , but no relief yet , i still can not smell and i wake up during the night from a dream where i drown in very thicked water to find that i am drowning in my own secretions , it 's very annoying . 
   exposure to ionizing radiation , such as from radiation therapy , is known to increase the risk of cancer . 
  however , although many studies have examined the potential health effects of non-ionizing radiation from radar , microwave ovens , and other sources , there is currently no consistent evidence that non-ionizing radiation increases cancer risk ( 1 ) . 
  the only known biological effect of radiofrequency energy is heating . 
  the ability of microwave ovens to heat food is one example of this effect of radiofrequency energy . 
  radiofrequency exposure from cell phone use does cause heating ; however , it is not sufficient to measurably increase body temperature . , 
  give me golf if you are that gifting, 
  rekt, 
  cyka, 
  a golden golf should be easier, 
  save, 
  you are retarded, 
  radiofrequency fields on a phone are not any close to strong so they are impossibly carcinogenic to humans, 
  calling someone a drone is something a conspirationist would say, 
  i 'd trade my unlimited 1000 mbps for 18 dollars with your deal, 
  put a . png at the end of a gyazo link, 
  damn it / r/conspiracy is leaking again, 
  i did n't know cartoon network is now called adult swim, 
  ah where i live after cartoon network there is tcm, 
  do you see the megaphone, 
  no , there is a megaphone which shows that he causes public disturbance, 
  you are retarded, 
  dota 2 remains free because of cosmetics, 
  because some of them are extremely rare, 
  like a ssd, 
  you are an idiot, 
  and then the reflection tells you : yo nigga have some change, 
  yes but it 's unreliable in my opinion, 
  you do not know how different italy is from romania, 
  you are retarded, 
  stupid cunt i am whiter than you, 
  yes, 
  i live there and pay $ 18 for 1000 mbps, 
  rekt your mother faggot, 
  i replied to this comment . 
  i found a relevant picture and posted [ it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iuzznfh.jpg ), 
  ewhoring is easy from afar i 've heard but i never tried it . 
  i truss cpa but it did n't work out, 
  srs is full of retarded people, 
  i 'm not good at multi tasking , if i look at the minimap i lose focus of what is going on in front of me so when someone from mid ganks me and mid does not call missing i dont like it, 
  saaaaved, 
  idiot, 
  how hard is it to become a mod, 
  it is not, 
  some of my dota 2 matches last over 90 minutes . . 
  us is a country , europe is a continent , so you 'd have to compare na with eu , in this case european union is 1,691,658 sq mi, 
  i was in sunny beach one year ago and i did not see any naked women . 
  but when the waves came there was a lot of dirt . 
  i hated the wi-fi pay too , in romania it 's free at most hotels but bulgarian stations are way better . 
  i was in the salloniki in greece this year and the water was much better than the black sea but it needs what bulgaria did with its seaside . 
  great streets too, 
  yes but it does n't really matter which is bigger since the eu is getting bigger and bigger by accepting new countries like the moldovian republic and turkey ( i do n't want turkey in europe ), 
  norway is in the union in some way but not as an official member . 
  i hope the united states of europe happen sooner, 
  i was at the victoria hotel from what i remember . 
  yes the black sea is awful . 
  i 'll get out of eastern europe soon , too . 
  i live very close to bulgaria in the northern part, 
  kindle, 
  op painted these , check his history he 's a painter and he tries to sell these to us by claiming his imaginary girlfriend does n't feel confident, 
  quit what, 
  i am banned from posting to \u0434dvice animals but someone said it must have been tough for you considering your post \u0439istory and you replied that you quit something . . 
  i am on my phone so i can not link the comment thread . . 
  fixed that for you, 
  china is extremely bad compared to the us . 
  that you are rich, 
  is it safe if i have a hole in my eardrums on which i can exhale ? 
  china is such a shitty country, 
  my torrents are not throttled and i live in europe . 
  most of my torrent speeds are around 80 ~ 120 mb/s ( i have 1 gbps ), 
  most of the time i use a private tracker but the pirate bay has very good speeds for me , so no , telefonica is n't throttling speeds in europe . 
  anyway what the fuck is telefonica, 
  you waste your time , they do n't even know more than 5 countries in the european union or even in europe . 
  i never heard of telefonica but some idiot says they are throttling our speeds, 
  idiot, 
  i do n't know about you , but in my opinion apple products are high quality , even if they have huge prices for my place, 
  if i had the money i 'd buy an ipad and a macbook pro retina, 
  this comes from someone who owns a galaxy s3 but ca n't afford a nexus 5, 
  edit : just noticed his username, 
  no problem, 
  i do n't feel anything from listening to music , why do you, 
  nexus is cheap and great, 
  i wish i had a n5, 
  europe is not a country . 
  i live in eu and it 's not available for me, 
  i minus loads fine for me, 
  how do you have the us play store ? 
  the old method does n't work for me anymore, 
  what does an organization do exactly ? 
  is it safe ? 
  i have the 2500k too, 
  i have that processor is the performance really that good on oc ? 
  how to do it exactly ? 
  would you rather have a sharia state ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about , they would n't let everyone that they were extremists . 
  i live in eastern europe and i can confirm that this is true . 
  most of the crimes are done by non white people , mostly by gypsies who steal everything they can .
