  thanks a lot  i 'll try it soon, 
  thanks it works now , 
  still taking it ? 
  are you still taking it ? 
  thanks, 
  hughesnet rips you off, 
  do you have brain damage ? 
  exterminated and their ashes in garbage dumps, 
  this is why the feminist movement is shit . 
  they see cases like this then they say excuses like `` the patriarchy is hurting men too '' . 
  how do you know she 's white ? 
  she 's the scum of the society and should die, 
  that sucks , why did they delay it ? 
  really ? 
  the same color from mixing ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  lol i hope you 're a troll, 
  i do n't need, 
  no u, 
  i have cfs causes by something and i want to get provigil but it 's very hard to get here . 
  you might be interested in it, 
  fuck android , if ios is a bigger priority to google than its own os then so be it . 
  my next device will be an apple one since google does n't give a fuck about us . 
  you retard the google apps on ios are much more polished and have more features, 
  thanks, 
  i 've been doing the vaccine in the same manner you do for rhinitis allergy for 2 years . 
  no improvements , it 's actually worse than it used to be . 
  why are you people so goddamn smart ? 
  i have heavy allergy . 
  every day i wake up with my throat full of mucus . 
  it just does n't work for me . 
  i talked to the doctor and she gave me some anti histamines like montelukast but they do n't have any effect . 
  neither does aerius or claritin, 
  give us the numbers back . 
  see a post with 4000 upvotes ? 
  look at the number of downvotes , it could be 50 or 100 . 
  that 's how you used to see products advertised specifically on reddit . 
  now all you see is 3950, 
  the keys to success, 
  i do n't know anymore, 
  neanderthals are thought to have been smarter than homo sapiens so you get it, 
  and retarded people like you are outcasts, 
  since most feminists are fat this is n't surprising, 
  i hope you 'll solve it , icefrog . 
  no , valve does not have a pr department . 
  are you mentally disabled or just autistic ? 
  i do n't care about downvotes, 
  try having a demon buttsex you, 
  i am capable of moving during sp . 
  it 's like a lucid nightmare, 
  hold your breath for 10 seconds and you 'll break out of sp, 
  when i get an episode i hold my breath until i wake up , then i try to sleep again . 
  after a few repeats i wake in sleep paralysis not being able to move and after holding my breath for 3 seconds i manage to move . 
  moving in it is like walking drunk , i 've seen people floating in my house . 
  everything was dark and i heard women screaming my name if i tried to wake up by holding my breath . 
  then i talked to a shadow which told me a lot of things and i asked him a lot too . 
  too bad i do n't remember what it said . 
  i 've had sp for 2 or 3 years , caused by sleep deprivation . 
  now i ca n't take a nap and i ca n't sleep alone in the house because that guarantees an episode . 
  it 's region locked i think, 
  try limelight, 
  here in eastern europe i have the same error when trying to post, 
  romania, 
  frustrated virgin calling someone else a frustrating virgin ? 
  get your head out of your ass you idiot, 
  esti atrasa sexual de tigani ? 
  damn man get your fucking brain checked, 
  i found out which describes me the best . 
  i do n't think my `` energy '' can travel out of my body , but the experiences described by other people sound similarly to mine . 
  i 've had lucid dreams , i know the difference . 
  the difference is that in lucid dreams i can fly and i can ndo a lot of stuff , in `` obe '' all i do is walk in my house and it 's extremely dark , plus the floating bodies and so on . 
  one time i went to sleep at 7:30 am , guess what ? 
  i woke up , but not in reality . 
  first it started with hypnagogia ( pre sleep paralysis hallucinations http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypnagogia ) . 
  i was in sleep paralysis , held my breath then `` woke up '' . 
  i got up from my bed which seemed to be much bigger , i walked into the hallway and i saw 2 people floating and some shadow people around them . 
  then i walked to the living room , i tripped over something and i fell under a couch , i woke up after . 
  it 's a very weird experience and it 's much scarier than any lucid nightmare i 've ever had , in my lucid nightmares it usually starts with me running from zombies then i realize it 's a dream and i start shooting them . 
  din cauza naturistilor e adderall/provigil ilegal, 
  it 's not your fault guys, 
  i know it 's not really an `` out of body '' experience . 
  i might have narcolepsy which gives me these experiences, 
  and what do you think you are ? 
  use steam id64 links from now on . 
  this way no matter if he changes his profile link , you 'll always be able to access his community page, 
  very nice , i wish you all the best, 
  i wish i had your brain, 
  he brought it himself, 
  he deserves all the criticism, 
  things ? 
  welcome to eussr ( ussr 2.0 ), 
  ia niste adderall . 
  what 's your list, 
  where da hood at, 
  thank you, 
  who . 
  cares ? 
  i do n't have a team :(, 
  ok i will apply thanks for the link . 
  is this an online tournament ?
