  adderall will solve you, 
  clickbait and looks too much like the bad league of legends spectator view, 
  they 're exterminating an ethnicity so it 's genocide, 
  that guy was an isis soldier not someone fleeing war, 
  who cares, 
  you 're wrong, 
  build ? 
  that whole comment seems like bullshit , you are n't even icelandic, 
  thanks a lot, 
  me too what the fuck, 
  i tried it too it was great, 
  since you mentioned the incest app you revealed you do n't know shit about iceland, 
  is this facebook, 
  better than a labor supporter, 
  mother of.dragons . . 
  the gray blocks , they 're very depressing, 
  i use alt + shift and i have only russian and english installed as keyboards , my keyboard is latin too . 
  the problem is whenever i try to type in cyrillic in dota it shows up as 4c00 and random characters like this , in all other apps it works fine, 
  saved, 
  what is event horizon more exactly ? 
  i know it 's the point of no return but what 's actually happening there, 
  ernu ? 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i hope we 'll get more information about what 's going on in black holes, 
  i wish more governments would support it and fund it, 
  hots is nothing compared to dota 2 and even league of lesbians, 
  they 've had their chance, 
  you do n't seem to know shit about both chechnya and the russian empire . 
  but i wo n't bother with you , you seem to have an `` opinion '' already, 
  i 'm going to space then, 
  exactly, 
  how does meth combine with dota, 
  [ location : tower ] [ action : care ] not about thyself . 
  the infection, 
  blizzard shows they dont give a shit about eu again, 
  it 's pretty right in europe , you do n't know shit really . 
  i have a kalashnikov and tests for license were easy, 
  best source ever, 
  justifying rape and murder is what you do, 
  so i was right, 
  good would be if everyone had a gun, 
  you do n't deserve to live, 
  wow, 
  you 're the one that should look past his agenda, 
  when will we be able to modify our dna using viruses like hiv and eliminate genetic diseases . 
  also when will we have a large scale gene therapy ? 
  invite me, 
  miracle is the best teamfight player right now and probably the best player as a whole in dota 2, 
  nice post m8 i r8 8/8, 
  meme kid, 
  putin is the only one who can solve your migrant crisis, 
  he 's pretty much a nationalist, 
  how ? 
  i didnt need the tutorial , i just went directly into pubs so it 's not impossible, 
  thanks, 
  do you see vans following you when you cross the street too ? 
  i am best akter hire me, 
  oracle , terrorblade , and, 
       earth spirit are now available in captains mode . 
  instead of being region locked to a region , we could choose on what servers to queue on, 
  eat shit blizzard, 
  you 're literal trash, 
  as if the eu is doing anything for its citizens except ruin their future, 
  it does n't work that way, 
  that 's just not true, 
  keep it up, 
  stop being so cynical people , it 's the first day of the event, 
  it 's fake ), 
  grains are carbohydrates , we need protein for meat a lot and it 's not easily substituted, 
  9:00 pm - ursawarlord : the zett, 
  9:00 pm - ursawarlord : in my topic, 
  why ? 
  is romania in africa ? 
  never heard of that country tbh fam, 
  thanks boris, 
  sad boys, 
  have you read the post regarding phishing reports that clog up their ticket system ? 
  once these problems are relatively solved , support will get much better . 
  they know what they 're doing, 
  yes it did, 
  i guess more than 70k, 
  i played it and kept crashing the train, 
  me too , it sucks, 
  im thirsty all the time too , not diabetic . 
  i ca n't seem to find the cause . 
  if i drink too much i get headaches because of overhydration, 
  nice jome mate see you at, 
  it goes away after a while, 
  holding your breath wakes you up in max 5s, 
  i like a bit of radiation, 
  i quit soda 5 years ago and there are n't any differences, 
  this guy is toxic for the community, 
  it 's sad though i used to enjoy his stream but knowing he viewbots changed my opinion completely it 's even obvious he 's doing it, 
  she loves him, 
  it 's not an authorized reseller, 
  damn son, 
  deleted ? 
  lol you do n't know shit are you even in it, 
  even a script kid with a $ 5 crypter or good relations can mask a server fud to any kind of `` antivirus '', 
  she was n't the voice of reason , she was the voice of weakness to comprehend the situation .
