  do we now what ? 
  only the retards claim in public that they want sharia in europe , but there are many more quiet, 
  it is a fear but not an irrational one . 
  and he 's not the only one doing it , look at the beheadings in the uk . 
  they brought the middle east to europe, 
  eww that 's shitty, 
  get out, 
  we as humans are designed to generalize, 
  standard feminist response . . probably coming from a feminist that has no idea about the feminist movement over the decades, 
  shit . . 
  is it useful for russians ? 
  it 's funny because according to your post history you sound socially retarded, 
  if people left africa alone it 'd collapse from ebola, 
  ddos, 
  hahahahahaha, 
  vote ukip, 
  i support this , nothing good has come from bringing these people in europe, 
  i do n't see christians beheading people on open street, 
  russian aggression ? 
  ukraine is n't even in eu, 
  fuck apple lost its mind, 
  be careful , posting and voting in linked threads from srs will get you shadowbanned, 
  you 're arguing with retards from srs right now . . they linked this thread, 
  they are n't fighting anything , they like to create drama where it 's not needed . 
  most of them are men , and in my opinion they 're pretty autistic too, 
  i like your stories, 
  shit . . 
  why am i reading this at 4am, 
  then we have the same list , i 'm at lifestealer, 
  it 's boring, 
  siberia, 
  nu are argumente, 
  really ? 
  you enjoyed australian prices ? 
  apropo nu sunt anti muslims sunt anti extremisti, 
  but prices, 
  compare them with us and then you 'll see why they were shit, 
  lol if i get 60 euros in 7 days of work i 'm lucky, 
  this is n't world news, 
  it 's easy to see on this subreddit effects of western propaganda . . 
  they only call the russian media on it but it 's not like the western one is not working, 
  give me his ip and i 'll ddos him with botnet . 
  just restart your modem and dont accept random invites, 
  smart, 
  if only they did n't scream all day and all night, 
  not me personally but i know someone who does, 
  how did you get gilded for this retarded comment, 
  awesome, 
  great video, 
  how much did it take you to self teach android programming ? 
  download steam enhanced and compare prices from cis/russia with eastern europe . 
  europeans from poor countries like romania bulgaria serbia have to pay australian prices while the wage is like 2-3x lower than in russia, 
  they are muslims, 
  bullshit , this has been debunked a lot of times, 
  women have more rights than men these days so it happened, 
  so blue, 
  you do n't make any sense , it happened after 2nd wave, 
  watch the international matches with dp, 
  more like lsd, 
  you call one of the most dangerous men on earth a loser ? 
  hahaha, 
  because isis knows not to mess with russia yet, 
  and not just a simple one , he was in the royal saudi family, 
  go scotland !, 
  bravo boss, 
  fuck obama , this is another plot to get assad 's regime down by training rebels . 
  all your links are to leftist sources so find real sources or shut up, 
  uh no , even if what you say is right i 'd rather have them as the governing party than retarded leftists, 
  ignore that idiot , he 's blinded by modern liberalism and his history is full of protecting muslims and immigrants , also he keeps linking to some leftist sources in order to undermine far right parties, 
  liberals prefer the first option , so let 's send them to face isis and see if they still have the same views, 
  being dicks by beheading people ? 
  murder them, 
  are you serious ? 
  only one of them is from wikipedia, 
  serbia ? 
  edit : looks like i was right, 
  this shit is n't funny, 
  a few ? 
  just stop immigration if we do n't need it , unemployment is already at a new high, 
  what the fuck , in what world do you live where unemployment is n't the issue, 
  that 's very true , imf pretty much fucked romania over , basescu is their puppet . 
  you 're delusional if you think the kremlin cares about some retarded journalists enough to kill them . 
  md e cis . 
  nope, 
  where ? 
  no i need you to see my cosmetics, 
  do n't trust the score, 
  i am european and i say they 're not our fucking responsability, 
  degenerates, 
  what about eastern europe ? 
  it wo n't change anytime soon , same with romania . 
  i agree with you , i 'm in romania now and the prices are fucking insane compared to russia . 
  in russia i had a 2-3x bigger wage , same goes for most citizens than in romania , yet prices are in shitty euro . 
  eurozone is kind of collapsing already so i hope they hurry with implementing eastern european currencies because this sucks, 
  also i really hope eu dies already because with this imf/eu loans shit and debts it made romania , bulgaria and greece much poorer . 
  hmm ? 
  thanks moose, 
  sorry for your loss . . 
  rest in peace morri . . 
  me too man , they 're our best friends,
