  because he was too smart, 
  that 's why you keep adderall for any circumstances, 
  it would certainly help, 
  not every sociopath is a murderer , among the fact that one would feel no remorse they still need a reason to do such a thing . 
  schizophrenia is a very broad term because there are mild cases and extremely severe cases . 
  since most schizophrenics are paranoid the ones who are influenced by the disease to murder can be very cautious . 
  most of them get caught though and say that the voices told them to do it , those are n't the kind of which zodiac could be . 
  a schizophrenic person which becomes one with the disease ( extreme severe cases ) is not a human anymore , their conscience is derailed and every signal of his own personality is replaced by chaos . 
  there are cases of people who take magic mushrooms and experience `` ego death '' which means the death of conscience . 
  someone like this could basically be a sociopath , only that a sociopath still has some kind of conscience , meaning they can experience things . 
  zodiac could be a sociopath or a schizophrenic , but one thing is sure , he had a mental illness . 
  somehow this illness made him a `` phantom killer '' , he was always ahead of the investigators . 
  your family was right, 
  what about bringing back the downvotes and stop trying to appeal advertisers even more, 
  removal of downvotes to make reddit seem like a better place for ads since we ca n't see the downvotes anymore and they can boost the ads easier, 
  and i 'm pretty sure if someone grabbed your ass and went to town you 'd be perfectly fine with that idea, 
  liberals are destroying europe, 
  fuck the eu and its marxist laws , we 'll have a civil war inside our countries and countries like russia are going to stand and laugh at how far `` progressive ideas '' brought us, 
  it 's not paranoia , it 's a real danger you idiot . 
  soon there will be a civil war inside the eu and the entire territory of europe will look like somalia, 
  no you 're just an apologist , their holy book directly specifies `` kill the infidels '' and they really hold true to qur ` an 's words, 
  and soon the little fairy witch is going to bring us a lot of food to end the famine, 
  because their religion tells them to kill those which are n't the same religion as them, 
  yes, 
  you should be euthanized :d, 
   i 'll slice your fucking leg muscle off your schmuck . 
  nope, 
  i added you, 
  added, 
  damn . . he had a tough life, 
  retard, 
  i have narcolepsy and these drugs probably would make these players to be reckless and think that they can survive without sleep, 
  are you in the us ? 
  hamas should be eradicated, 
  palestinians support hamas, 
  i wish i could get stimulants as easily as you can, 
  i ca n't even order provigil because i 'm in the eu . 
  social justice retardati, 
  that 's why gamers should boycott these idiots , i do n't even care about stupid `` game journalists '' or podcasters, 
  it works for me, 
  you 're some jobless idiot who blames others for his laziness to work and criticizes how much others spend on things they enjoy so you 're a loser, 
  gamefy a bunch of assholes, 
  what factors, 
  you 're a moron, 
  i live there and it 's nothing like this, 
  d\u00e0aaamn, 
  jack ? 
  he has only 1 pennant for na ` vi, 
  diet doesnt have any correlation , health . . wtf does health mean, 
  who cares, 
  this subreddit can not take a joke, 
  did you have a pennant ? 
  are you mentally retarded ? 
  nope, 
  you 're such a retard, 
  if you need i can host it for free i have 1gbps, 
  well i do n't use my pc too much and my bandwidth is available all the time so if you need you can send me a pm, 
  no these are russians, 
  do n't cut yourself on that faggotry, 
  you 're so blinded by propaganda your sources are n't even related, 
  that 's not a `` source '', 
  you fucking idiot they should be exterminated, 
  oven *, 
  if that 's confirmed true . . shit will get real, 
  they are arabs from the middle east not french or europeans you dumb shit, 
  iranian source is n't a real source, 
  no he is n't, 
  that is not strelkov, 
  i did n't know that thanks, 
  what is this garbage ? 
  sweden yes, 
  dumb, 
  in romania $ 18 for 1000 mbps, 
  how did you manage to find it ? 
  tough life, 
  hello can csf . 
  diagnose narcolepsy ? 
  funniest thing i 've seem today haha, 
  i liked it . 
  go shit yourself, 
  he 's superior to anyone from / r/shitredditsays, 
  my body is telling my yes , but my mind 's telling me no, 
  they 're a bunch of idiots brigading every post which is deemed offensive by them . 
  some reddit mod is protecting them, 
  your gf has problems, 
  what about you go back to that shithole called tumblr ? 
  you 're the edgy shit here, 
  you 're so edgy edginess is n't edgy enough for your edgy desires, 
  yes, 
  and narcolepsy, 
  i suspect that i have it too , do you fall asleep if you stay in bed more than 10m ? 
  yes they go full blitzkrieg and it 's not really enjoyable, 
  who cares, 
  i volunteer to be gilded, 
  i 've had obe too , weirdest experience, 
  blink, 
  holding your breath for 10 seconds works the best in sp, 
  i have brain zaps too but mine start when i have sleep paralysis, 
  i 've seen a doctor for 6 months . 
  i have some brain characteristics to neurological diseases ( seen on a mri ) and also signs of myasthenia from an emg but the blood tests came inconclusive .
