  you are delusional, 
  let 's continue it for years, 
  i have windows 8.1 and i have many issues with steam, 
  how ? 
  what do they consider when recruiting people ? 
  google 's dns is too slow for my connection, 
  me too, 
  dota 2, 
  region locked games , new measures, 
  they 're all terrorists, 
  maybe the music, 
  me too i live in a country where you 're lucky if you get minimum wage per month ( $ 200 ) and i have to pay european prices which are a lot, 
  contact support, 
  his, 
  you should shut up only you sound like a retard, 
  what can you expect from liberal idiots, 
  really ? 
  you like child abuse ? 
  dumb shit, 
  yes people criticize putin on the gay laws but he 's done very much good as president, 
  it 's child abuse, 
  get a brain check, 
  i 'm also russian and i approve . 
  too much propaganda on reddit about russia, 
  cm/ursa still the best combo, 
  you are a thief, 
  go to the directory of your steam folder , exit steam and then check under steamapps installed games, 
  portal 2 sp and coop , dota 2 if you want to learn russian and cs go, 
  this is not a source of income , if you enjoy doing things like that in your free time you should do some for workshop too , it might earn you some money but do n't take it as granted, 
  steam is pretty laggy even on a ssd with 1000 mbps . 
  what 's your steam community link ? 
  are you sure that 's the router not the modem ? 
  because an ethernet cable should go first in the modem then there should be a cable from the modem to the router then from the router to the pc, 
  sounds like your gpu is dying . 
  call nvidia and see if they can send you a replacement, 
  you ca n't do that , you have to log off manually each time, 
  that 's a bad connection, 
  because the american media is propagandist, 
  feminism in a nutshell, 
  so how does it feel being part of a shithole of this site ? 
  neither do i. . but i am sure you know / shitredditsays is heavily criticised on reddit . 
  why do you think it is so hated ? 
  down vote brigading and the fact that they 're backed by a reddit mod . 
  also reddit is too big to generalise, 
  no there still are a lot of lurkers and people that do n't care enough to upvote/down vote . 
  in order to generalise reddit we need the intern data with each subreddit every person is subscribed to and upvotes based on opinions . 
  like google does with the ad targeting market . 
  i do n't like brigading of any kind d no matter what meta subreddit it is , but also srs has its own agenda . 
  srs is nothing more than a silent circlejerk 60 % of the users are male so it 's the worst kind of brigading, 
  well the second line is the good one, 
  what 's wrong with the word nigger ? 
  why did you remove this article ? 
  no it 's about the view difficulty, 
  no but it sounds like / r/gameoftrolls a deleted sub . 
  they are disrupting other subreddits because some comments do n't appeal to the general mentality of srs . 
  i thought it was just a place created by tumblr social justice warrior to spread their idiotic ideas to reddit but it 's just a circle jerk which does nothing than downvote other people 's opinions . 
  this perception is in the brain . 
  did you try hormones corresponding to your gender before the hormones to the other gender ? 
  he was born a male . 
  you ca n't change that , you can only mask it, 
  then tell me exactly what srs 's role is on reddit, 
  news outlets do n't care about these incidents . 
  having an opinion is not illegal as far as i know . 
  why vent and not just down vote and let it go ? 
  because venting is n't beneficial for anyone , i wonder if srs 's majority even have jobs since taking personal time to ramble about `` offensive '' comments takes a lot of time . 
  i disagree with a lot of posts on reddit that does n't mean i should complain about them on another subreddit, 
  vpn and fake name generator.com, 
  then i do n't know looks like evolution is destroying the human brain with every generation, 
  jailbait never had naked photos , creepshots were done by creeps . 
  i do n't condone them and they deserved to be removed but they were n't very illegal . 
  let go of what ? 
  why do you care about what someone says on the internet ? 
  what is moga, 
  it 's not nonsense . 
  we were meant to reproduce . 
  thanks for your response . 
  i also believe it 's neurological but i do n't know how . . the brain does n't respond to the hormones effects as it should ? 
  because on / r/cringepics we ca n't see clear satire and like to make fun of people . 
  when will valve hire you, 
  you are not doing good for what you fight for, 
  it 's the fastest for the smallest price in the world, 
  $ 18 per month for 1gbps, 
  thanks for reminding me why i hate social justice warriors, 
  thanks, 
  commenting to vote on greenlight later, 
  thank you, 
  it had, 
  cant find you . . 
  try now, 
  added, 
  how can i become a work from home independent web developer ? 
  honestly i hope hangouts fails . 
  they did n't deliver on a lot of things which already are in the ios app . 
  if they do n't support their own platform then i have no intention to use hangouts anymore, 
  why do they have a lot of things before us ? 
  it 's not about patience , it 's about supporting your own os and prioritizing it over the other platform, 
  too bad people will call you racist because you point out negative aspects of this, 
  what is a bigot by your definition ? 
  cyrillic is n't hard, 
  reddit has a big influx of feminists extremists lately , looks like this site is going to shit,
