  narcolepsy causes adhd symptoms for me too . . but i do n't have adhd, 
  damn this made me laugh harder than i did all month, 
  i am russian how can i become a mod ? 
  ok thanks for the advice but the threads are moving too fast for me to respond to many of them properly, 
  i can respond to this too , i do n't have schizophrenia but i have a sleep disorder that does n't let me rest when i sleep and sometimes i have mild hallucinations . 
  hallucinations can be triggered by anxiety , emotions and a lot of other things , for example when i am alone at home during the day/night i hear voices calling my name and sometimes i see things in the corner of my eyes . 
  when i try to take a nap i have sleep paralysis , meaning i wake up paralyzed and i see people floating around my bed and huge spiders on the carpet , after a while i 've gotten used to it and i do n't fear them anymore , it 's very interesting what my brain can create when it does n't get enough rest, 
  china should be a model for european countries, 
  i agree with you , europe is going into a really big shit with so much tolerance for extremists leading to a future civil war whereas russia and china deal adequately with the muslim extremists, 
  u are 1 fucking cheeky kunt mate i swear i am goin 2 wreck u i swear on my mums life and i no u are scared lil bitch, 
  did you do it ? 
  useless degree, 
  check your transnigger privilege, 
  yes i 've even succeded in moving during it . . the things i 've seen . . 
  a lot of work seemingly . . how can you deal with threads moving so fast and you cant respond properly to some of them ? 
  the game, 
  he said that women 's studies degree are useless sarcastically, 
  i totally agree with you but these liberal retards brainwashed by tumblr white male guilt washing are spewing off bullshit, 
  tumblr has officially moved to reddit, 
  have you bought it from a russian trader ? 
  do you have steam installed on the same partition windows is installed on ? 
  do you use a router ? 
  try connecting directly without the router if it works then it 's a port forwarding issue, 
  reinstall steam, 
  check your graphics drivers . . and update [ directx ] ( http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35 ), 
  if your ip is dynamic you do n't have to worry about ddos, 
  there could be more causes , not enough space or restricted writing access to the steam folder , you should check if you can edit files in the steam folder . 
  if nothing works try reinstalling steam on another partition, 
  i have narcolepsy and no matter how much i sleep i am tired, 
  it 's real . . 
  because of the rem process i get sleep paralysis if i try to sleep during the day . 
  i have to go to the capital for a final sleep test . . then if i get the diagnosis i 'll get access to stimulants that might be able to help me . 
  global offensive and dota is free, 
  you can add a minimum of 5 euros from any payment method . . if you have paypal you can probably use the cards there, 
  i 'm not sure , you could try adding them both, 
  i meant that dota is free not cs go . . i 'm very tired, 
  thanks too , 
  do you have nvidia graphics card ? 
  `` right click sanctum 2  properties  set launch options '', 
  and enter, 
  - d3d11, 
  i can , pm me your steam profile, 
  muslims are n't a race, 
  then you 're pretty stupid, 
  yes they are, 
  cheap browser or cheap router ? 
  try a different download server ? 
  activate steam beta, 
  russian accent best accent, 
  what difference ? 
  try the same setting for goat, 
  how old are you ? 
  weird . . what os do you use ? 
  and what do you do when it happens that something is going to rave your day before you get circumpolar in the circle of life ? 
  are you in steam beta ? 
  try to enable it, 
  you should do that to yourself, 
  it is propaganda . . 
  they stole knowledge from the greeks, 
  i realized a while ago that they were right , too . . 
  we are n't heading in the right direction with this social bullshit . 
  i think you should check your number of chromosomes, 
  is the movie good ? 
  the thing is that their retarded ideas get approved by politicians who want more voters and it leads to bad changes, 
  i do not live in the us, 
  you should do a mri of your brain if you have headaches every day you wake up . 
  i 've done one recomendded by a doctor and i discovered i have a rare genetic disorder that causes a lot of bad psychiatric symptoms including depression, 
  why did you progress to dementia so fast ? 
  how do you know ? 
  refrain from shitposting, 
  social justice retard go to tumblr, 
  i agree , people choose not to acknowledge that there are real differences between races of humans . 
  they all argue that it 's the education everyone received but there are actual studies that show differences in brain capacity between whites and blacks . 
  jews integrated very well , asians integrated as well very easily . 
  they did n't pull a bullshit race card to justify their stance even if it 's wrong . 
  and they even say white privilege . 
  no wonder us is going to shit with people like that . 
  what 's the speed specified in your contract ? 
  we 're too many , but why not cure something that affects an area where humans breed like rabbits . 
  you 're the one with a twisted view of the world but i wo n't bother explaining because you 're clearly retarded, 
  perfect world ? 
  that 's not true , i ca n't smell but i can taste very well, 
  what steroid nasal spray, 
  you should not do it again , you 'll most likely end with drug induced psychosis . 
  i am tired all the time from a disease too and i see things in the corner of my eyes , things that seem to be there but when i turn to their direction they disappear . 
  rest, 
  ah i had afrin and it completely eliminated secretions from my nose for a few hours , but even with the clear nose i could n't smell, 
  it does n't matter , i ca n't smell because of my brain not because of my nose, 
  liberals downvoting you , i 'll personally enjoy seeing sweden as the shithole of europe by 2040, 
  they do , when they came from the vacation and the new patch was released , they fixed all bugs which got upvoted on reddit, 
  hello , search for fortis in the game , we are a social and competitive clan . 
  you can also search for virtualghost and you 'll be able to request entrance in the clan, 
   culture, 
  the poachers are not hungry people , they are greedy people who want money from an illegal market . 
  you do n't know what the fuck you are talking about, 
  i can not have empathy for any kind of people like that , if they were given your body and told that they can win 10 million dollars if they eat you alive they would do it . 
  they 're nothing just useless humans in this world who do n't bring anything good and should be eliminated . 
  learn to think about yourself , not about some people that do n't care about each other as long as they can earn huge amounts of money from doing horrible things . 
  they 're not starving, 
  ho ho ho you are retarded,
