  kesha and artists like that put illuminati symbols in their videos in order to increase the views since there are a lot of idiots that analyse each detail . 
  this place is a mess . 
  again , i wish you a good life and that you will wake up from this illusion . 
  after i finished with the conspiracy theories , i built myself a carrer from scratch and i do much better than before . 
  you may find that the life without conspiracies is boring , but there are a lot of amazing things in this earth, 
  that is such a stupid gif, 
  you may have schizophrenia or some other paranoid diagnosis . 
  you are sick mental health wise , it 's too late for you to realize that the world does n't revolve around a group of people . 
  you need help . 
  good luck, 
  is she still working at that car wash ? 
  i think that your mother may have been your daughter while you fucked your girlfriend in this way you fucked your wife which gave birth to your mother that is also your daughter instead of flicking the lights off at the garage, 
  if you want to prove something , find me a conspiracy theory that 's true, 
  dota 2 is getting map editor, 
  your delusion is off the level seemingly . 
  maybe you do not feel comfortable when someone which is smarter than you does not agree with you on a sub dedicated to insane people . 
  apparently there are a lot of us that find this macro funny, 
  damn , you can not even type in plain english . 
  are you that retarded ? 
  cyrillic script is too hard for you . 
  stupid american, 
  when i put the game in full screen it says rating fair dota 2 failed to render some effects . 
  i fixed this by disabling 3d stereoscopic from nvidia control panel.this problem occured after i installed windows 8.1, 
  why are you linking your comment ? 
  i just installed it a hour ago , i activated the key using their skype number and it 's working great so far . 
  all my windows 8 apps are here including documents and files and there is nothing changed other than the 8.1 improvements . 
  it adds new code for applications to work better , so within the next week we 'll see improvements on windows 8 apps, 
  i like the fact that you have the illusion of an informed man by watching a youtube video . 
  if that conspiracy was true , the video would have been removed . 
  you are so euphoric , teach me your ways master, 
  now you use a second account to down vote me . 
  if you do n't agree with me then say why you do n't agree with me . 
  in my opinion you are the ignorant one because you do n't realise that you have no idea about what 's going on and you give yourself the illusion that you do . 
  it 's your life , i hope you like that greasy fat on your body you fucking maggot , living in your mother 's basement and watching anime every day thinking about how the zionist plan will get to you so you wo n't be able anymore to masturbate to gay porn on the internet you fucking idiot . 
  do the world a favor and kill yourself because you are worthless and you are a piece of shit that does n't deserve life, 
  why do you believe in a propaganda machine ? 
  am i deluded ? 
  or the person that thinks i 'm a zionist jew coming from mars to discuss politics with a conspiratard, 
  you encourage people to mock your meme by acting this way, 
  illusion of information is going to kill you, 
  macro mode exists on my s3, 
  i do not have an s4 unfortunately, 
  i used to play gta 4 with gtx 260 . 
  very smooth, 
  damn you have a lot of stuff, 
  10/10 would read again, 
  romania ? 
  you are a great person, 
  is android developing hard ? 
  i tried but i failed so many times . . nothing is working out for me, 
  codecademy was easy for me , java is n't, 
  what does it do, 
  fedorable, 
  thanks, 
  did you find the dog ? 
  i 'm sorry , last year i lost my rottweiler but i found him . 
  one crazy bitch stole him because my father forgot the lock on the gate and because he was not used to effort and that bitch made him go a lot of miles it caused a rupture in his heart and he died a month after i found him . . 
  remember the good times with him . . maybe yours is still alive and if you have luck he could find his way out . 
  good luck and i wish you a great life, 
  if you try something like that and try to bring others to do it you 'll be banned from reddit, 
  / r/conspiracy is leaking, 
  what 's the dlc ? 
  i just played mp tlou today for the first time and it 's pretty good, 
  ah ok want to play ? 
  you 're our based gaben prophet , you were right about steamos, 
  you mean 100,000 more tf2 hats , then 100,000 more cosmetics for dota 2 , then another 1 million tf2 hats then maybe portal 3, 
  does unity work on android, 
  thanks, 
  let 's play ? 
  good luck in life, 
  a couple of thousands ? 
  you are delusional , the extremists are a very large part of islam in their regions, 
  he 's right , islam is truly a disturbing ideology, 
  that 's like predicting gaben will be the protagonist of hl3, 
  that account was created solely for this thread , knowing that answer might be the debunk of it all . . at least they could have picked a random answer, 
  that 's the stupidest thing i have ever read . 
  you never saw a schizophrenic on lsd or mushrooms , it makes their hallucinations much more vivid and there are many cases of people becoming schizophrenic after a drug induced psychosis . 
  it is, 
  facts ? 
  yes . 
  pseudo facts ? 
  if you were tortured by your mind , would it matter you are in a controlled environment ? 
  no one can guide another through a psychedelic trip to `` fix '' things , because the so called guider can not see the mind of the affected person . 
  you talk like a person who never tried psychedelics , yes it can help with depression somewhat but it can cause things like psychosis , intense panic attack which may repeat , episodes of vivid hallucinations , ego death . 
  yeah , i 'm actually a shill that gets paid to argue with conspiratards, 
  short and uninformed , you are truly retarded, 
  great, 
  obama, 
  i do n't agree with the treatment of psychedelics for mental illnesses that have a chance to get worse with a trip , but i agree with psychedelics on use for people who are willing to do it for different reasons , my only condition on the subject is that the person afflicted by the drug does n't get life marks out of a trip . 
  a mushroom/lsd trip can last more than 12 hours , even with a guide it would be dangerous for someone with schizophrenia or affected by vivid hallucinations . 
  check / r/fearme it is supposed to be a schizophrenic immersion . 
  i do n't have any mental illness but i have sleep paralysis often and the things i 've seen while incapable of moving or reaction to what i see made a perspective on the schizophrenic hallucinations . 
  i am absolutely for safe research of psychedelics and its effects . 
  but mices are not really the same with humans in brain structure , in my opinion schizophrenia is caused by a substance secreted in the brain which might be the active substance in dmt . 
  it is purely my opinion , but i also have a theory about this . 
  when we dream , the subconscious part of our brain creates the world we dream in . 
  i have lucid dreams regularly . 
  i know many schizophrenics and most of them know that their hallucinations are not actually real , but it still affects them because every human being is scared of something , and the schizophrenic illness gets the worst of that fear on the victim . 
  what if their brains think they are sleeping ? 
  in my lucid dreams i encountered a lot of strange things , one interesting one is the population and the perfection of design .
