  are you retarded ? 
  adderall does n't make you high, 
  stop it man, 
  i know it 's hard but it 'd probably be better without it long term, 
  you should get a prescription for adderall , that 'd help you more than heroin, 
  i 'm russian and i do n't get offended , i even laughed, 
  well you said that without heroin you would have killed yourself already . 
  amphetamines and methylphenidate could motivate you and stimulate your brain , just take them in moderation, 
  thanks for the information, 
  next week guys, 
  what does this mean, 
  i like it, 
  wtf, 
  that 's a good looking city, 
  someone who has access to the celebrities personal phones or something like icloud/google + sync photos or something like that, 
  it 's easy to use them , crypters are cheap make shit undetectable, 
  i have 200 saved already :d, 
  post :d, 
  i do n't give a shit about nsa, 
  go on / r/celebs and search for albums . . i already have 300 pics and some videos, 
  i do n't care about nsa but i like leaked photos, 
  and ? 
  wo n't someone think of the millionaires ? 
  he only has $ 120 so far, 
  and what are you ? 
  me neither , she makes more money in a day that i 'll make in a lifetime . 
  worse things could happen than some nudes leaked, 
  cancer, 
  thanks, 
  i 'm not justifying it , just saying that is not the worst that could happen . 
  at the end of the day they 're still living comfortably , in one week it wo n't matter anymore . 
  all stuff leaked so far is here http://themobilebay.org/torrent/10945648/the+fappening, 
  they are n't arresting anyone, 
  they did, 
  damn british people really are pussies, 
  they 're not false, 
  leftism is destroying european culture, 
  are you serious ? 
  stormfront doesnt give a shit about what reddit thinks, 
  feminism doesnt fight for men rights , look up the definition, 
  those who are against rape do not rape, 
  grow up kid, 
  back in 2010 . . ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  they did n't say it today on anything . . they said it 4 years ago on some random post you delusional idiot, 
  nope, 
  liberals like you have imaginary delusions about some storm front raid when stormfront does n't give a shit about reddit probably, 
  good enough for doto ? 
  thanks ), 
  it is a superpower, 
  no they ca n't, 
  if you still have russian citizenship you can use ? cc = ru safely, 
  if you do n't mind me asking what does quickcast do, 
  what about releasing a downvote counter ? 
  oh yes, 
  it 's great, 
  i can not remove the key bindings . . 
  edit : solved by right clicking, 
  i see that my keys are empty even after putting in the cfgs . . 
  i hate you , defending shitty human beings that killed others with no mercy, 
  anyone who joined isis should be killed , no matter of what stupid `` morally correct '' things you say . 
  anyone that is part of isis should be tortured and killed , i do n't care about fucking doubters . 
  sure, 
  i have the same problem as the guy you responded to , i had phimosis and since circumcision the quality of everything is much lower, 
  all europeans that defend these criminals are setting up europe for a civil war and they do n't realize it . 
  do n't worry , they 'll come back . 
  if you want a change in british leftist laws vote for ukip, 
  pls respond . . keys not showing up, 
  i have the same problem, 
  i won a tinker match after losing with it 10 times in a row and it did n't count ... fuck i hate tinker, 
  the message is there, 
  copied all of them in the cfg folder, 
  everything was erased , maybe you can add me on steam and help if you want http://steamcommunity.com/id/ghostvirtual, 
  them leftists . . 
  why would n't we defend him ? 
  russia has dealt with muslims accordingly , europe is just . . so tolerant to intolerance, 
  wilders is totally right, 
  get outside a little bit , creating alt accounts for your shithole called srs wo n't solve your social incapabilities, 
  like i can go off for 30 minutes and still not reach anything , it even starts to hurt, 
  no it 's not all taximetrists i met do n't use the meter in bucharest, 
  yes in tourist cities, 
  silentdis wrote :, 
  second on , i raise my eyebrow and chucks at . 
  your derogatory intentions of claiming approval of some broken ideas . 
  he is chromosome xy , i do n't care what he represents with , connection is happens i claim to be dinosaur results i am dinosaur and call me dinosaur you dinosaurphobic shitlord . 
  in other words , grow the fuck up . 
  why do most accounts made on this thread have been created recently and posted only in this thread ? 
  university of moscow, 
  as a russian it 's entertaining to see americans idiots who have no idea about europe comment on immigration laws, 
  affirmative, 
  on the compendium page it says we get rewards as we do all hero challenge . . looks like all we get is a trophy, 
  i thought he was dead, 
  that precious ad revenue, 
  you 're not going to enjoy what 's happening soon , reddit inc, 
  taxes are huge, 
  uk is n't what it once was and the scots are n't very well represented so it 'll gain independence, 
  it 's called preying because he says something that other politicians would n't do because of fear of being called racists ? 
  we should act against any muslim that seems to have bad intentions in europe . 
  be associated with supporting sharia law ? 
  be deported,
