  what about romania 18 euros per month 1gbps ? 
  i have brain lesions and symptoms of adhd . 
  you can not look in every person 's brain and see what can cause shit like this . 
  stop talking out of your ass, 
  i agree with you , too many liberals on reddit . 
  putin has done a lot of good for russia, 
  feminists, 
  it might not be depression, 
  go back to tumblr, 
  and we all know you 're a retarded sjw, 
  no , that person is most likely an ignorant liberal feminist which complain about every little thing they cause and blame everything on them white men, 
  do n't bother with these retards , no need for it . 
  i hate the fact that reddit is becoming more and more like a tumblr sjw shithole, 
  no it is a shitty song, 
  that 's true . 
  look at how over progressive we are guys we just voted a shitty singer as a winner just because he thinks he 's a woman . 
  i know i 'll get downvoted for this and i do n't care, 
  i do n't care about starving african kids, 
  europe is becoming worse and worse every year because of pc, 
  yeah like these people : http://youtu.be/pszbaju_cvo, 
  immigration should be abolished, 
  if ukip does n't get the vote uk will become united islamic kingdom governed by the law of sharia, 
  so he is a drain to the society, 
  you 're just a teenager that thinks he can make a difference by being anti social and not seeing why immigration is a problem, 
  ok so your opinion is not shitty at all right ? 
  eh what can you expect from liberals who think the world is all pink, 
  most of these fun facts are actually wrong anyway, 
  there 's some weird feeling about being relaxed after having a surgery that gets you in pain for 4 weeks, 
  you 're very much anti russian , typical american nationalist, 
  way too drastic , it 's fine the way it is now, 
  what task, 
  anti gay laws ? 
  you can be gay all you want in your home/club/bar but you do n't kiss men around children . 
  crimea has been given to ukraine in 1965 by russia as a gift , it has always been a predominantly russian territory . 
  also russia kept its fleet there , it did what it did to protect its interests in the black sea . 
  on eu servers most players are able to speak english even if some of them are russian, 
  could you take a screenshot ? 
  i 'm not at home, 
  i still dont see it, 
  what you say is true though , i 've met many stacks in my teams , but i 'm lucky since i 'm russian and i can understand them, 
  still dont see it, 
  oh i see it now but it 's too hard to do, 
  spend the time you have now well . . good luck, 
  that 's actually it , every thing sounds good by definition but in action it 's extremely bad , for example look / r/tumblrinaction . 
  even politics sound good by definition, 
  if women received less money than men on the same job , then why do n't companies hire women only ? 
  pussy riot is just a bunch of retarded teenagers, 
  i pay $ 18 for 1000 mbs, 
  these people play like they 're on adderall, 
  your kids will be pretty stupid from the education of a mother like you, 
  tu pupi in cur tiganii, 
  if you hold your breath for 10 seconds you wake up, 
  stupid sjw, 
  do n't understand what ? 
  so you 're black ? 
  you 're probably another drain to the society living on welfare and complaining that white people feel stereotyped upon . 
  wow you trolled me hard there, 
  no but your chromosomes did, 
  what, 
  japan has shitty routing, 
  you americans are stupid , still thinking that calling these assholes does shit . 
  you need to revolt . 
  feminists are just some fat women who ca n't get men to date them so they complain about patriarchy, 
  wilson 's disease, 
  you 're being overretarded, 
  my liver is failing and i 'm always tired as you . 
  it is n't that good, 
  best combination is narcolepsy with brain lesions so no pill works anymore, 
  coffee does n't have any effect on me , i 'm tired all the time, 
  you might have narcolepsy if you lucid dream naturally . 
  well there are just stories since no one researches lucid dreams . 
  there are a lot more on google , i 've been able to lucid dream naturally usually . 
  when i sleep during the day or sometimes in the mornings i get sleep paralysis . 
  this is a reason for which i never take naps . 
  the thing is that i have lucid nightmares . 
  i 've became very used to sleep paralysis in a way that i learnt how to get out of it fast ( hold my breath for 10 seconds ) and now i can move during this phase . 
  i move in my house , i see demons and witches which curse in my ears but i do n't pay attention to them , the house is all black and looks very scary in sleep paralysis . 
  since i can move in it sometimes i have lucid nightmares , much worse than any lucid dreams gone wrong . 
  there was a time , i woke up in another bed in my house . 
  i got on my feet and then a shadow man came into the room . 
  i tried to fight with it but all i saw was something like drawn on a cartoon book with the shadow man 's axe in my head . 
  i have narcolepsy probably and it 's caused by brain damage from the liver . 
  a sleep study which sees your brain waves during the sleep will diagnose you . 
  if you are tired all the time like me it 's very possibly narcolepsy because of the disrupted rem sleep . 
  diabetes is n't really related with narcolepsy but high blood sugar could be caused by sleep problems too . . who knows . 
  narcolepsy could be genetic or caused by brain damage . 
  i have some sort of brain damage as shown at a mri caused by deposits of copper in my brain which have interfered with the brain substance responsible for many things like the sleep chemicals not getting where they should get . 
  also does coffee work on you ? 
  that 's for me too , coffee and energy drinks make me sleepy . 
  you should do a sleep study to diagnose narcolepsy, 
  yes if you live in a country with good doctors you 'll get it treated well . 
  calling does n't do shit , only a revolution can change the american system, 
  they need to run the rat server, 
  how much does microsoft pay you ? 
  what 's your profile ? 
  i want to play with you, 
  in moldova people speak russian and romanian , this is a combination . 
  lol right, 
  if immigration laws will not be fixed that 's what uk will become, 
  homogenous societies are the best solution .
