  check the front page of world news i am on mobile . 
  there is some article with details about him . 
  he wanted to get enrolled in the isis, 
   his facebook page , under the name ahmad rouleau , displays some anti-christian and pro-islamic posts.he was apparently known to authorities , according to prime minister stephen harper 's office . 
  harper told reporters on tuesday that the attack had been `` clearly linked to terrorist ideology '' . 
  canada has frequently expressed concern over the potential for young men to become radicalized and ha already committed itself to sending six fighter jets to participate in the anti-is campaign in iraq . 
  it made the commitment on october 7 . 
  the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) stated on monday that there was concern over how the is social media campaign contributed to radicalization . 
  jeff yaworski , deputy director of operations at the spy agency said on monday that the is `` message and successful social media strategy could inspire radicalized individuals to undertake attacks here in canada . '', 
  his facebook page , under the name ahmad rouleau , displays some anti-christian and pro-islamic posts.he was apparently known to authorities , according to prime minister stephen harper 's office . 
  harper told reporters on tuesday that the attack had been `` clearly linked to terrorist ideology '' . 
  canada has frequently expressed concern over the potential for young men to become radicalized and ha already committed itself to sending six fighter jets to participate in the anti-is campaign in iraq . 
  it made the commitment on october 7 . 
  the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) stated on monday that there was concern over how the is social media campaign contributed to radicalization . 
  jeff yaworski , deputy director of operations at the spy agency said on monday that the is `` message and successful social media strategy could inspire radicalized individuals to undertake attacks here in canada . '', 
  then i made a confusion , sorry, 
  i agree with you , i know 3 languages : russian romanian and english and moving towards french . 
  would like to give mandarin a chance too because i like chinese culture . 
  these apologetics are pathetic, 
  according to reddit statistics and demographics 95 % of them are white men in their 20s . 
  they create a lot of alts to make it look like the subreddit has many users . 
  go to their irc, 
  i 'm not on my pc right now , i 'll try to remember to reply tomorrow, 
  and white people ca n't be muslim ? 
  you 're a bigot, 
  you have issues, 
  irc is a chat and you can google reddit demopgrahics, 
  because they 're retards, 
  they already created a vaccine ? 
  if he dies the show ends, 
  i do n't think it 's blown out of proportion . . ebola can be a very dangerous disease , it kills fast and it resists a lot of time on all terrains, 
  how did you start learning game developing ? 
  russia pays more than the us ? 
  hahaha, 
  sometimes quarter , sometimes even lower, 
  yes, 
  when i was 6 i had blonde hair and blue eyes , now i have brown hair brown eyes :(, 
  cold climate makes us produce less melanin over generations, 
  you, 
  well i am european and i proved your point, 
  portal2 coop, 
  i wish we had some kind of footage if what 's going on in these storms, 
  try vic 2 too, 
  great costumes, 
  then dota 2, 
  nice, 
   mail brain, 
  idi nahui putin = fuck you putin, 
  amazing doodles good luck in your artistic journey , 
  iirc neanderthals lived in the entire europe to georgia so not only nordic people have these genes, 
  no they were spread across europe and we breeded with them, 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you create such amazing games and i 'm a big fan, 
  have you considered working more on a tutorial to get new players more easily accustomed to your game ? 
  not necessarily making it easier, 
  did you know there 's one basic right called free speech ? 
  download mxplayer, 
  mxplayer, 
  sweden needs to appease these immigrants somehow, 
  nobody here is from stormfront, 
  great, 
  it happened in russia too with pussy riot, 
  mxplayer is a great video player on android . . a lot of downloads . 
  not bloatware , also it runs much nicer than gfycat, 
  what happened to him, 
  progressive europe welcoming its end, 
  good for you greece, 
  gypsies can not integrate in the society, 
  they have more rights than romanians, 
  please go back to your srs cave, 
  sure, 
  many of us are n't scared, 
  maybe reddit is n't one person ? 
  shocking i know, 
  that will change when more europeans will wake up, 
  that was true 20 years ago , today it 's much better . 
  stop talking out of your ass, 
  it has poor image quality though, 
  beta starts in january i think, 
  ma mut in finlanda, 
  you just have to be somalian, 
  what did he say, 
  what the fuck ? 
  $ 400 is n't equal to 400e, 
  your comment shows really how little informed you are , but it is n't worth the time, 
  but my post history . . 
  mfg, 
  th r3, 
  found out sb, 
  bomb the whole isis bases, 
  me too man, 
  i wish i was paid, 
  well you do n't control your government so you 're another victim, 
  answer to them and demand a real person, 
  hehe, 
  how do you explain your lack of backbone ? 
  gypsies not romanians, 
  there 's no source indicating this shit, 
  these are eastern european , i 'm talking about immigration from outside of europe, 
  most romanians hate gypsies , and gypsies do n't consider themselves romanians even if they have citizenship,
