  neither did i, 
  what am i supposed to see, 
  text me, 
  i know how it feels . . do you have problems concentrating on difficult things like math and programming, 
  me too . . 
  i always had a passion for programming , but it seems that my brain is just incapable of learning it . 
  i am being tutored at math too . 
  i forget everything . . 
  i am so angry at my brain and fell into a depression . . 
  this brain is broken , i forget everything that 'd be useful for me and remember everything that is n't useful for me other than general knowledge such as reading an interesting article on the internet . . that 's the only moment where i feel that the information goes into the long memory . 
  i think i need a psychiatrist appointment , but i always wanted to save money . 
  even the calcium supplements pills and that lecithin that 's supposed to help me with memory do n't help me at all . . 
  why am i unsuccessful ? 
  i do n't think i have schizophrenia , i did n't even reach the age you got schizophrenia yet . 
  i got 84 out of 90 on an english contest , it is not my first language ( max was 100 , but you can only qualify from 90 ) , so from now on i wo n't go to any contests anymore , this score has given me a very bad depression . 
  i can not stop thinking about being unable to do what i want . 
  it is very frustrating . 
  i had always dreamt of being a successful programmer , but , as i realized today , my brain does not allow me that . 
  i can not think about suicide , it seems pointless , but my condition gets worse everyday , i start to think i am bipolar because my mood swings . 
  for instance , if i stay in bed after a 6 hrs meditation which leaves me with a calmed mind and go do normal stuff , i feel better . 
  but after i try again on continuing the java course by the new boston , the depression comes back and hits even worse . . 
  i tried books and oracle text tutorials , but my brain can not comprehend and i fell into another depression . 
  at videos it is another case , i forgot absolutely everything i 've done . 
  i 'm being a very pessimistic person right now and i think that the life can be lived in a good way , but only if you have a good brain that does not suddenly stop when you try to do something . 
  a good analogy for my brain : when i try to learn , i feel like i try making a wall dance or even move . 
  i 'm sure your condition is worse , but there is no comparison term . 
  i 've had delusions and hallucinations , my bad mood was always at night ( depression , remembering the old friends that died ) , now i have it at day too . 
  i prefer reddit sync, 
  looked like mine craft at the first look, 
  does anyone else else ???? 
  vive la france, 
  i need help not related to this thread . 
  whenever i try to learn programming ( like java ) , i lose my memory ( somewhat , like i understand what it says at the specific moment i learn , but a few minutes afterwards i can not remember anything ) and fall into a '' depression '' . 
  this condition makes me think my brain is stupid , i can not learn , i should stop this dream ( learning programming and making money using it ) . it fades away after 2 hours ( if i stay in bed ) or after 5 minutes , if something good happens such as a good news.in this condition ( state of mind more exactly ) i can not process anything and if i try to start the tutorial again , it gets worse . 
  is it depression ? 
  thanks , but living in a poor country with shifty medical system does not allow me to go to a therapist for free . 
  i wo n't try again and i think i 'll leave programming . 
  maybe my brain is simply incapable of doing it . 
  thanks for your advice . 
  thanks for your advice , i am following the new boston tutorials on java beginner episode 15 or 16 , but i forget too easy . . how much time did it take you to go to the android api ? 
  i mean how much time did it take to get to the level in which you can understand and write basic android apps, 
  thanks a lot , well i think i need an antidepressant so it wo n't stop me from learning . 
  once i get in that state i give up because it does not allow me to process anything, 
  `` maybe because i 'm jewish '', 
  which type do you suggest ? 
  i 've tried breath meditation , but i am not sure what to expect from doing it, 
  photo and try reddit sync, 
  / r/atheism bible, 
  is android development profitable ? 
  i should get an eye appointment, 
  i got it on the latest nightly on my i9300, 
  stock samsung is better , this one is very blurry, 
  i was in sunny beach last summer , it 's great, 
  thepiratebay blocked, 
  you are paranoic without reason, 
  say what you want about samsung , but they upgrade their devices in an acceptable timer compare to other manufacturers, 
  touchwiz has more features, 
  where do i apply for a clan in csgo ? 
  le gem, 
  i am your past right now . . 
  i can not learn , i can not focus well , my short term memory is getting worse everyday . . 
  should i see a psychiatrist ? 
  my condition is getting worse every day , at least this is how i feel . . my mood swings all the time . 
  i want to learn programming , but because of my short term memory and non ability to concentrate , i simply ca n't . 
  i think i need some psychiatric pills . 
  my mother started giving me lecithin which made me way more upset because it was not showing improvements in memory and i do not trust alternative medicine ( supplements ) . 
  i want some pills that are good for my case , i can not comprehend anymore , i am slowly going into madness . 
  i had always been told that i have a very big potential , but i can not use it . . 
  i think i am mild bipolar and add like you , we have the same traits . 
  if you try to learn something after you take pills , how is it compared to your past ? 
  all of us, 
  they are very deluded to believe in conspiracy theories , they saw it on youtube so it must be right . 
  do not expect that these people have any kind of rational mind, 
  it 's 100 % my case right now , but my parents wo n't send me to a psychiatrist . . 
  i live in eastern europe and i am in high school . 
  the school has a psychologist , but i want someone specialized in mental illnesses , and she may not be the case . 
  well they think that i have an `` idea '' of me being broken , i know i need help and i want this problem solved fast , because i ca n't continue like this anymore . 
  i want to be able to learn and concentrate , i am fairly sure i need a psychiatrist to diagnose me , i may have add ( i am not hyperactive ) and mildly bipolar , because my mood swings from positive to negative , so i need characteristic pills for my case , i tried stupid supplements that do nothing other than destroy me . . 
  if you want i can tell a bit longer story about what 's happening to me lately , so if you can relate i may know if you have had the same problem as i do now . . 
  i 'll send a pm with my story , thanks for your help , i will talk to my mother soon about this . . 
  you 're beautiful maddy, 
  me too , i think in english and it is not my first language, 
  i know it sounds stupid , but that 's how i have seen other people say . 
  i did n't know psychologists could prescribe meds , do n't psychiatrists do that ? 
  i am highly motivated , my main problem is that when i read something , my brain can not process it . . at school it 's the same . 
  i am certain that meds will help me , but i need to say what the psychologist says . 
  how is your condition going ? 
  you did an iama a while ago on schizoid, 
  i found out that adderrall and ritelina are illegal in romania , where i live . . what should i do ? 
  is concerta good for you ? 
  i researched a little bit and it 's confusing , i can get addertall with prescription as it seems , how is it where you live ? 
  can you just get adderrall from a pharmacy or you get a prescription ? 
  you should die, 
  offend me daggett, 
  still too much, 
  you cunt, 
  schizophrenics are very smart , but they are deluded . . that sketchbook looks like something a schizophrenic would write , because they truly believe what they draw there . . 
  it is very weird, 
  i had a pylonidal cyst the exact place you got it . 
  doctors recommended surgery to remove it , but i just got all the blood from it and then left it heal with some tissues or how they call it in english .
