  how do you treat them ? 
  too bad none of these found anything for me . 
  if psychological means depression i can assure you i do n't have it . 
  there 's nothing i can do about my chronic tiredness, 
  i do n't smell neither , but my taste seems fine , no problems with stuff like garlic . 
  maybe your brain could n't compensate for the anosmya . 
  138hz here , good you ? 
  nice generalization . 
  yeah right, 
  that gif crashed my phone . 
  fuck you asshole, 
  the fact that a dev lied and kept dodging the question made me cancel my preorder too . 
  they could say it 's a bug . 
  edit : i posted this to show you guys that you are more hypocritical than the people you complain about , down votes for stating an opinion that goes against your beliefs is n't going to get your point across . 
  the game is a flop , and i 'm not happy to admit this , i 've preordered it back in march and cancelled it today , if i 'm going to pay 60 $ for a mediocre game then the company i 'm supporting should at least try to provide us with an explanation on stuff like players not seeing each other , at least say it 's a bug but do n't expect us to decipher your twitter posts . 
  too high prices, 
  region locking works fine on steam , russia has very low prices and way lower piracy rates than it used to have . 
  mister ca n't accept criticism, 
  if it was around $ 20 i would 've agreed with you , but people are angry that they spent $ 60 and the main dev ignores their main legitimate complaint . 
  how can you respond to this ? 
  they restored it because of the backlash . 
  even if you 're not an accountant it 's amazing , you just need to push through it a bit . 
  and another guy who said just `` yes '' got upvoted , give me a break, 
  geforce experience, 
  holy shit !!, 
  go wings, 
  does n't matter now , they 've won in the end and i 'm very happy for them . 
  nice joke mate, 
  he knows most likely by now, 
  too late for refund, 
  they lied, 
  it 's exactly the opposite in europe , most immigrants in europe are on welfare . 
  you say things i wish westerners listened to . 
  their own delusion will be their demise , communism has to be purged from this world and no version of it should ever rise again . 
  they 're simple minded idiots . 
  you 're the cancer of the industry . 
  the new titan x, 
  that one is one of my favorite games , the cut content comes from konami 's decisions , but the gameplay and everything else is absolutely amazing . 
  how deluded are you ? 
  what the fuck, 
  it 's funny how you all fanboys sound like you 've not even graduated high school . 
  because in the event horizon space becomes time and vice versa , it 's incomprehensible . 
  a black hole is n't an entity , but an event , which bends time and space for an observer , but not for itself . 
  if you can not comprehend criticism maybe you should grow up a bit and come back when you 're at least 15-16 . 
  if i paid 60 euro for a game i 'd be pretty entitled to what i was promised too . 
  yes using the video file from dota 2 folder near the autoexec.cfg, 
  he interacts more with chat now, 
  he did say players in that video , too lazy to look for it . 
  you 're so delusional i just do n't get it , how can you people defend this practice ? 
  you 're the reason we get these shitty overhyped unfinished games for aaa prices . 
  there 's no center of the universe , neither in game or reality . 
  accept the game for what it is and move on . 
  looks like a good way to get diabetes . 
  i 'm straight . 
  sc devs put every alpha for the public to play . 
  hg did none of that since if people saw how barebones nms is , nobody would have bought it . 
  you can not really have too high expectations for a game you can play right now with very transparent development . 
  people like you paying $ 60 for this shit are encouraging this practice in the industry . 
  lies . 
  tetris was n't $ 60 . 
  yeah , people like you . 
  if you can not wait for reviews or anything and you just preorder a $ 60 title from someone you 've probably never heard about before then no wonder they do n't give a shit about its content and just want to cash in . 
  the claim was a lie not what you said . 
  there are a lot of people who cheated their way to the 255th galaxy and nothing was different . 
  potatoes have carbohydrates . 
  no wonder you love them since they 're like short time reward long term literally nothing good . 
  i wish you good luck in your life , nobody should go through that . 
  hot, 
  according to steam charts from 180k in first day to peak 12k in 24h looks like most are unsatisfied . 
  lol, 
  lies, 
   distress, 
  sure, 
  fanboys , now 's high time you realized no man 's sky is literally dumpster tier and hello games wo n't do shit to improve this game , most of their devs are preparing to leave , too . 
  it 's a good opportunity for you to realize you 've been lied to and get your money back . 
  this sub is basically stockholm syndrome . 
  it 's a matter of principle , they lied to you and you thank them for that . 
  you have no spine . 
  shit insufficient funds for subscribing feelsbadman, 
  they both have great music tastes , i can find new songs to spam my way to 9k from their streams, 
  you 're an idiot . 
  you just sound like an entitled kid which you are . 
  grow up and come back when you have some common sense in your suburban brain . 
  here you show a pretty significant lack of common sense , how the fuck are video games a first world interest ? 
  i 've lived in russia , now i live in eastern europe , i used to trade for pirated cds and stuff like that 10-15 years back , but of course i 'm an entitled brat like you who has `` first world interests '' . 
  grow up and stop commenting , you 're making yourself look like a fool , not that you care , your mother will still bring your tendies . 
  here you show a pretty significant lack of common sense , how the fuck are video games a first world interest ? 
  i 've lived in russia , now i live in eastern europe , i used to trade for pirated cds and stuff like that 10-15 years back , but of course i 'm an entitled brat like you who has `` first world interests '' . 
  grow up and stop commenting , you 're making yourself look like a fool , not that you care , your mother will still bring you your tendies . 
  cucked, 
  i would be entitled too if i paid $ 60 for a game which has less content than your average `` succesful '' $ 10 indie game on steam . 
   you humans, 
  first contact achieved on reddit !, 
  is mturk still good, 
  such is life on us east, 
  try, 
  grow up . 
  nice joke . 
  you have fucked up syria , you 're constantly leading a proxy war against russia . 
  isis are nothing to you but tools to destabilize saa .
