  lmao . 
  i 'm tired too . 
  i realize that sounds kinda weird but idk how to word it better . 
  i 'm not very good with words . 
  i mean that ... like ... the numbers themselves are n't biased , even if often the conclusions or the way they 're worded can be . 
  like if i said `` all people with blond hair are nice '' and cite a study with a sample size of 1 nice blond person then i mean , it 's not an unbiased number , but the statement is biased . 
  yeah . 
  everything is still biased . 
  because everything is biased there is no way to end this discussion , there are truths on the both sides , but most feminists do n't acknowledge the other side of the `` gender war '' which causes a conflict when there should be an unity . 
   i know many , many women who never told anyone about being raped because they 're scared no one will believe them . 
  i know many , many women who told everyone about being raped and no one believed them . 
  there 's a famous case of a couple who became popular on vine , then the man raped the woman , and even admitted it on video , but still got no time in jail . 
  i know of a woman who spoke at a conference about how women can feel threatened when being hit on by significantly bigger in small closed off spaces with no exits or people around , only to have a guy that night in an elevator as her to come to his room with him , and when she said in a youtube video ( without mentioning his name i might add ) `` guys ... maybe do n't do that ? '', 
  she started getting death and rape threats constantly and had to stop going to conferences at all . 
  recently the creator of a popular cartoon network show groped female employees and the show was pulled off the air . 
  the woman he groped is now being harassed online by fans of the show who think she made it up . 
  these persons you know make up on your personal experiences . 
  there could be people with opposite experiences , for example i 've seen posts from men accused by rape and put in jail then after a few years the `` accuser '' admitted that he did not rape her , he still stayed in jail because the judge did not appeal , some of these cases are [ here ] ( http://listverse.com/2010/01/12/10-convicts-presumed-innocent-after-execution/ ), 
   and sorry i 'm not sure what you 're saying with this sentence . 
  might be both our tired minds communicating/comprehending just badly enough that the message did n't make it though lmao . 
  are you saying that that article is wrong and men are literal cavemen who want to rape everyone and women should expect to be sexually assaulted ? 
  sorry if that 's completely wrong . 
  i might be missing something . 
  i wanted to show that feminism is n't taking a clear path and is going against the evolution of humans , rape is not ok in the current society but a few thousands/centuries/eras ago women were raped , that article which comes from a feminist blog shows that they 're trying to deny anything that goes against their views, 
  you fucking retard by your logic we should all suffer because people that breed like rabbits come in the country then downgrade the quality of life for the average citizen, 
  the guy you 're replying to is a liberal retard nothing will change his mind, 
  we should deport you to some shithole in africa or south america, 
  man you 're retarded, 
  where do you know this from ? 
  says the unemployed lazy hypocrite, 
  really quickly for someone who can focus :(, 
  you did n't get what i meant in my last paragraph totally . 
  the article i mentioned denies that `` cavemen '' raped women , trying to make the men in the current society appear worse . 
  why did you strike at what i said with this, 
   and i literally can not comprehend the idea that you 're saying that feminists are denying biology when they say men should n't rape women . 
  i never said this or meant this , i meant that modern feminism is denying how humans came to evolve from cavemen denying that cavemen raped women . 
  regarding the first paragraph i do n't have anything to add anymore because there are many true cases for both genders in terms of lack of justice for some acts for example / r/pussypass, 
  if feminists want equality to happen then they should be welcome to give up on these `` privileges '' . 
  some feminists only want that the movement benefits women , whereas getting rights denied to men . 
  i 'm sorry for not being able to respond to your points but i 'm pretty tired and i 'd need some clarifications on which points you want me to talk about , i do n't really see the pattern, 
  go to http://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all and see for yourself which feminists i 'm talking about, 
  because you have a balanced life others do as well ? 
  you hypocrite retard, 
  no , you feminist idiot, 
  it 's a bunch of idiots who want to seem superior, 
  these are not teenagers really , these are mostly women in their 20s which have failed on life and they like to complain about men because they 're attributing their failure to an imaginary `` patriarchy '' . 
  when you find a group of people which agrees with you , it 's easier to get sucked in radical feminism and become an outcast . 
  / r/atheism truly is a subreddit dedicated to atheist teenagers which might have been treated badly for their beliefs especially in a country like the us , i 'm not judging all atheists based on a subreddit , most of reddit does though because some people really need to feel that superiority complex . 
   which posts there are about women having more rights than men ? 
  name them . 
  if you 're talking about / r/tumblrinaction then that 's actually how feminists deny that they have more rights than men because otherwise they 'd have no reason to be `` oppressed '', 
  anonymous messages can be sent by anyone , but which kind of person spends time arguing on tumblr ? 
  sjws do because they have absolutely no hope in life . 
  also the things you counted there like `` lack of diversity in disney '' if you 'd bypass your beliefs you might see the level of hipocrisy sjws are capable off and i really dont understand how you can call the complaints `` legitimate '', 
  if you have time to reply to me then it 's right , right and right again, 
  why are you here ? 
  why not, 
  what a cunt, 
   darkcomet, 
  so now i realize that i 'm trying to argue with a sjw . 
  patriarchy is n't real and any of those `` academical sources '' are a bunch of idiots that take a course on women 's studies and sociology . 
  women can choose whatever the fuck they want to be , if there are more men politicians you should be thinking that women do not have to become politicians just for the sake of a stupid percentage , instead you talk like women have to be politicians in order to keep the percentage in check . 
  what if i told you that some women just do n't like the idea of becoming politicians ? 
  would you call me mysoginistic ? 
  actually believing that women have to be forced to become politicians is mysoginistic . 
  there are also a lot of women in power like angela merkel , so there is an actual `` president '' which happens to be a woman . 
  patriarchy is just an excuse used by people like you to blame the society for your personal failures of becoming what you want to become . 
  look at me , i wanted to become a game developer and a programmer , i did n't fucking succed after years of trying to focus on this shit ( mind my language ) . 
  i discovered i 'm prone to neurological diseases and that i have brain lesions caused by genetic mutations like huntington . 
  i 'm not blaming society or anyone else , i do n't have who to blame , just my genetics . 
  this is what feminists who blame the `` patriarchy '' do n't get , admit what you can and what you ca n't , assume your responsibilities and failures , learn from them . 
  i know it 's easier to get rilled up in the `` social justice movement '' and feel like you 're part of a group with the same target . 
  even if the target is n't there to begin with , you still feel that high from being involved in something . 
  most women can choose what they want to become and excel at just as easy as men , exceptions could be in countries ridden by religious extremism like saudi arabia , if there 's any patriarchy it 's there . 
  regarding the tumblr part , i 've been on tumblr , it 's a toxic shithole full of feminists who call upon the genocide of white men , i admit when i 'm wrong and look at my mistakes , i 'm not scared of anything like what you said , i 'm prone to mistakes and i accept it . 
  but here there is no mistake , tumblr sjw movement is more toxic and extremist than any other movement . 
  look at this screenshot from the #yesallwomen movement http://i.imgur.com/eurh0kb.jpg . 
  this is what the movement believes in , this is why feminism is a toxic movement itself , they are not the minority like all these retarded excuses feminists find , they are the fucking majority . 
  i can find a lot of articles and news where it 's clear that feminism just promotes women and fights for supremacism . 
  let me tell you why i wo n't try to address the `` diversity disney '' thing . 
  there should n't be any diversity . 
  especially a forced one . 
  i 'm far right wing , i 'm anti mass immigration and i 'm against the marxist ideas of modern liberalism where everyone is supposed to be equal and all this stupid stuff . 
  there are differences between races , genders , cultures . 
  denying it like the so called progressive liberals is going to bring a civil war in modern countries , you do n't realize it but more and more people are waking up and begin thinking about why these ideas are flawed . 
  ukip won , front national won ,2 anti non intra european immigration parties . 
  i fully support this because i just do n't like the idea of open borders to every shithole from africa or the middle east . 
  you 're retarded, 
  you 're a loser, 
  dumb shit, 
  i 'm sorry for your parents, 
  feminists . . what can you expect from them, 
  those `` loud feminists '' are the majority of the movement, 
  spit in her eye and tell her you have aids, 
  they keep generalizing mra , why not generalize them too, 
  to be honest i dont care about them , i just hate the fact that politicians can manipulate them so easily and liberals keep getting elected, 
  good germany, 
  i wonder if there will be a revolt which can stop the world cup, 
  photoshop, 
  i expected nl to win,
