  how to do this, 
  do you mind europe, 
  another liberal that thinks the world is all pink . . from.their comfy chair, 
  what about endless space, 
  yes, 
  hahaha, 
  here in russia $ 33, 
  arabs not islam, 
  yeah i hope romania gets ron , like russian rubles . 
  the problem here is the eu, 
  you can not get that with euro as main currency . 
  with a local currencies , adaptations come . 
  see \u0440\u0443\u0431 phillipinese dollar yuan . . even nok, 
  can i join ? 
  lvl 87 th8, 
  da , e row, 
  you fucking assholes, 
  how am i rushed ? 
  :( only walls are left, 
  teach me, 
  new eu taxes, 
  that was amazing, 
  you will lose and i 'll be glad ), 
  do n't worry , the left is going down in the west, 
  eu am dat cat am putut pe el la preorder 30 de euro din china . 
  normal . . l am b\u0103gat imediat in library, 
  awful update , no 60fps or res set, 
  pvstar, 
  what movie is 6, 
  creepy pm, 
  we europeans are n't his descendants, 
  them leftists . . 
  all of them are leftist news outlets with no real proof ), 
  i have the same issye, 
  no thanks, 
  nice, 
  no it wont help , at least it did n't help me back then, 
  switzerland norway iceland . . 
  me too, 
  ca n't stop myself, 
  yes, 
  it 's nice here, 
  i 'm 3.9 k at 2.6 k hours, 
  misleading article, 
  emotions . . ? 
  great job detective , looks like there 's no better way to spend 10 minutes than just stalking someone 's post history because you ca n't make a point on the assumptions you 're given in a post . 
  link ? 
  it 's like you never socialized in real life enough for you to learn to insult properly ), 
  thanks , that 's scary, 
  they 're working behind schefulet, 
  that 's exactly how it is, 
  labeling others as xenophobic shows how delusional you are about broken shit, 
  immigration is a huge problem , and that 1 % wants it to be that way . 
  more money for them , less money for the middle and lower class with immigrants flowing in, 
  nobody is politically correct with russians, 
  they 're the gypsies of europe now, 
  no gold ? 
  same, 
  these drugs are what you make it , not everybody can work without them, 
  what, 
  yeah no, 
  you can sleep walk . . 
  how, 
  looks like i found someone with the same problem as me , i have some autoimmune disorder that messed up stuff , the problem is that stimulants for me cause dry mouth agitation and ca n't eat . 
  if i 'm not on them i can relax and rest all day, 
  under the pretext of `` refugees '', 
   fear mongering, 
  low melanin is blue eyes , medium green , high brown , none to a little gray, 
  retard, 
  dank memearrows, 
  receptionfetish, 
  that match was fucking amazing, 
  nice, 
  i have that everyday bro, 
  because it 's a lucid nightmare , your fears come alive, 
  or a narcoleptic brain, 
  maybe you read some history book that mentioned these faggots, 
  when i was younger it was way less vivid , but more terrifying , voices from the tv station in my head + walking shadow people and curses, 
  stop your breathing , you 'll wake up in like 20s, 
  shipping cost and vat i 'm . not sure about vat though, 
  you convinced me !, 
  you wo n't have my shekels, 
  that 's how it is, 
  no thanks, 
  eu is crashing rapidly . . it 's just so forced, 
  great video, 
  homeopathy does n't work, 
  how will you react to ukip ` s victory ? 
  more mass immigration !!, 
  it wo n't, 
  there 's plenty you can research yourself . 
  crime rates increases , rape rates increases , less wealth for the native citizen , a destroyed welfare system and i can continue like this forever . 
  you can search and even use wikipedia citations so you wo n't blame me for being biased, 
  does n't work, 
  beheaded be the infidels, 
  let 's surrender to isis man . 
  you 're fucking retarded, 
  how to zoom out so much, 
  sleep paralysis is different, 
  god no,
