  tell that to the eastern europeans that earn around 150-200 euro per month and they find a game on steam to be like at least 10 % of their salary, 
  yet ? 
  they never will for some regions , for example eu2 . 
  the current regions are permanent , asia , south america , cis . 
  those at the final regional pricing regions . 
  rest like norway and new zealand wo n't matter because the prices will stay the same under a different currency, 
  i hope you enjoy paying 60 euro for a game in a country in which that pays like 150-200 euros at most for an average worker, 
  thanks a lot man , 
  thanks , 
  you expect too much from this circlejerk, 
  filelist, 
  cold turkey , you wo n't be able to avoid cravings but once in a while you 'll get the feeling you do the right thing and it 'll help you push through, 
  without them i can relax much easier and enjoy my free time , also i want to eat everything . 
  with them i feel more focused but relaxing and enjoying my free time is painful and i ca n't eat shit, 
  not lan , we 're playing in an online tournament sponsored by some danish esports site and we want to form a good team then if we sync well move to bigger ones, 
   russian, 
   racist, 
  fucking retarded eu incompetent politicians with their shitty taxes, 
  people kept praising it in eastern europe but it 's literally full of shitty taxes and laws they impose on state members, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's eu 's fault because it imposes a huge vat in every state member, 
  if that happens they have to do it for all countries in eastern europe which would be too tough for them so you wo n't see that any time soon, 
  only valve games are cheaper, 
   richer zone, 
  maybe western and northern, 
  you do n't know shit, 
  low melanin, 
  i have the same problem, 
  great commercials, 
  winter wyvern confirmed, 
  what, 
  samsung designs something called touch my wiz, 
  no thanks, 
  they were, 
  old people and people with bladder problems, 
  per capita *, 
  it 's probably because during the time you sleep muscles are way too relaxed so you do n't hurt yourself . 
  so your brain perceives moving as a muscular action and that 's how, 
  when you feel like you 're losing the dream spin , also instead of asking the `` people '' if you 're dreaming just hold a finger on a nostril and try to breath , if you ca n't then you 'll know you are dreaming, 
  lay on your back and close your eyes . 
  imagine a ladder that does n't end and climb it , if it 's your first time then it 'll take a while . 
  take a look at the sidebar techniques , i heard wild works well . 
  i do n't even have to try to reach sp , i just sleep during the day or after a few hours of waking up and there i am, 
  first create a blade then use it, 
  this is n't lucid dreaming , you might feel the need of a relationship and you remembered that girl , now she appears in your dream . 
  in order to wake up from a lucid dream blink very fast . 
  also ca n't blame you on sp , i have it without even wanting . 
  if you try to sleep after having a sp you 'll have another , so if you feel paranoid do n't go back to sleep no matter how much you want to , go to your bathroom and wash your eyes with cold water then try to sleep . 
  i know it 's terrifying at first but if you really want to have a lucid dream there 's no other way unless you 're lucky, 
  trust me , as someone who had them for 4 years sleep paralysis hallucinations and feelings are n't caused by fear , it became an annoyance and i hold my breath to get out of it , but if i just wait it out it 'll become way worse no matter what state of mind i have . 
  there 's no subconscious, 
  i talked to it some time ago and i do n't remember shit, 
  is n't schizophrenia amazing, 
  add him and apologize, 
  lol no , everyone would use dollar because euro is the most expensive, 
  sleep paralysis lets me, 
  at the beginning then it gets tiring quickly, 
  i dont think we can go in the past without opening a portal to another dimension with a different timeline, 
  not really , usually while lucid dreaming i see some kind of faces every time that make me go into sleep paralysis instantly . 
  i lucid dream without wanting to . 
  and after waking up from it i 'm extremely groggy, 
  you retard a psychologist can not prescribe alone , so he was seen by a psychiatrist too which filled the prescription according to what the psychologist believed . 
  get off your retarded delusional idea of yourself, 
  lucid dreaming can become more pleasant but sleep paralysis no, 
  sure, 
  not again, 
  custom map, 
  this is a great ama , thanks for the informative answers, 
  blow them, 
  just wait until new bloom, 
  a functionat, 
  contacts ? 
  lol, 
  it can, 
  racist ? 
  8chan does, 
  lol, 
  john, 
  imgur wo n't steal your money, 
  nobody goes from imgur to `` amateur-big . . * '' . 
  if you want to solve something contact their site and threaten, 
  yes but your site is considered advertisement , imgur can be used for any purpose . 
  if he had linked the false watermarkers directly i would have agreed with you but he linked an imgur album, 
  go outside, 
  they 're not in poverty you idiot, 
  try eu4 too, 
  it 's taking a lot of time . . 
  need a 5,7 k player and a 3,6 k player ? 
  you 're literally shit, 
  it is an american name, 
  you 're wrong , it 's americanski name, 
  you 're the best, 
  does not compute, 
  far right wo n't let me get killed in open street because i criticize islam ), 
  the people carrying those are your citizens now  enjoy the celiphate of france in 20 years, 
  lol retardatule, 
  people need to see it, 
  go back to srs, 
  you do n't know shit, 
  islam preaches violence , stop acting like an apologist for a catastrophic religion, 
  ben said i cant join the clan because you need me to fill the application . . how do i do that if the google docs application form is down,
