  i 'm russian not romanian, 
  gypsies do n't consider themselves romanian, 
  thanks ), 
  add that to main comment, 
  too bad because by the time that happens muslims will be a majority, 
  no connection ), 
  that thing is by default in most remote administration tools . 
  output file can be . src . bin . exe usually , if you opened that i advice you to reinstall windows because it 's spoofed against most antiviruses using crypters, 
  same issue here i9390, 
  there are mental facilities for a reason , go there pls, 
  that was an error in the system at the time ( aug ) , but currently it is n't blocked . 
  maybe some isp forgot to unblock it but it works for most people now, 
  why, 
  call your isp, 
  some people are healthier in different climates, 
  this `` news '' is propaganda by murdoch, 
  go back to srs, 
  that 's an original one !, 
  only if i had a basement, 
  that 's correct, 
  asshole, 
  you called them ? 
  it 's just the people that feel superior by claiming others cringe worthy, 
  it must be sad being a person that ca n't believe someone farted, 
  you mean latin letters, 
  please come back, 
  and if he was a clone an auto attack would have gotten much more of his hp, 
  as a russian i have never seen anything like that, 
  yes i told someone here the same thing but they said they do n't want `` bloatware '' on phones, 
  omg what the fuck valve i will get abandon because of this, 
  eu west, 
  edit : got abandon what the fuck valve, 
  edit2 : didnt get abandon . . 
  lagging a lot, 
  ethnic nationalism ? 
   good luck ukraine . 
  kill as many russians as you can . 
  from his post history , why did i even bother lol . 
  what a retarded kid, 
  nice, 
  if the world only had homogenous societies racism would n't exist, 
  thanks cnn we do n't need you, 
  good for you norway, 
  i like the immigrants like you, 
  enjoy somalia 2 ' 0 ), 
  last stormfront thread about reddit was 2years ago . . they do n't even give a shit about what liberals from reddit think, 
  yes, 
  surely, 
  norway is n't in eu , but it 's in the eea so what you said is true somewhat, 
  and the real word is homogenous, 
  the ones that make fun of criticizing illegal immigrants are americans just like you mostly . . many europeans do n't care, 
  what 's wrong with his name, 
  you did n't make a point, 
  nope, 
  can you link me some mods for graphics ? 
  well europe really should be for europeans only, 
  thanks a lot man ), 
  russians are european since most of us live in the european part of russia . 
  turks from west count relatively , what slaves ? 
  wtf, 
  got an abandon because of this shit, 
  is she adopted, 
  herpes, 
   greater good, 
  i hope you 're a `` troll '', 
  eu is a joke anyway as someone living in it, 
  . . and ? 
  yes, 
  wow, 
  no it means fuck you putin, 
  are you from the warlizard forums ? 
  and because of that you are n't allowed to eat meat ? 
  their fault for not being somalian, 
  thanks , 
  added, 
  also blue eyes, 
  good, 
  lol, 
  good . 
  will do, 
  i 'd never kill another human being for religious motives, 
  because from your post it reads like you are n't allowed to eat meat, 
  killing is ok if anyone is threatening to kill you in a direct conflict , otherwise it 's not good . 
  also your `` insults '' are pretty pathetic , you defend people that murder others and behead them in public , also they film them . 
  that says more about you than what i say about me . 
  hahaha, 
  the end will come for america, 
  you really like karma, 
  i do n't think he 's alive, 
  feels good being 14 right, 
  if you did n't run it i think you 're safe but do a full superantispyware scan, 
  good, 
  they are autistic trolls, 
  romanian citizenship is n't as useful as nordic or western european, 
  please, 
  kremlin ur\u0103\u0219te ponta ), 
  good job, 
  yes but still useless because of gypsies, 
  digi  comcast, 
  you have nice eyes,
