  no sleep story of yours, 
  \u00cen app screenshot, 
  yeah / r/android , downvote someone for telling his opinion . 
  check xda, 
  opera mini is compatible with res, 
  i wish there were more people like you . . 
  a lot of good things happened so far to android since 2013 . 
  weird , there is no section for it . . 
  cyanogenmod is not available on your device , maybe you can root it , but you would n't get too much , you should upgrade your phone . . or live with it for a few months until you can afford one, 
  relevant link for your device : http://androidforums.com/galaxy-express-all-things-root/624867-galaxy-express-all-things-root-guide.html, 
  well i have tried it once on my s3 and it works perfectly with res , but i use reddit sync , because it 's better than the web interface , if you have an android phone you can try it, 
  a women ? 
  read his tweets , newfag, 
  european internet is very good , too . 
  yes, 
  touchwiz is an oem skin by samsung . 
  it has a lot of features stock android has n't , i happen to use cm10 .1 latest nightly on my s3 , so i like stock the most because it 's faster . 
  also note 2 has a lot of cool pen features . 
  have you tried an 1080p video ? 
  why would he have to visit a poor country with a very bad capital ? 
  i live in romania for a while and the conditions are miserable . 
  most of the romanians i 've met are very stupid , communists and they think romania is the best and they hate anything related to the west, 
  i want to start developing for android , too , but have n't found a good tutorial yet . . 
  get out of here, 
  is it legit ? 
  and you gave her a kiss after . 
  torrents, 
  anons are autistic, 
  you have an ask reddit question in top 10 since 959 days, 
  i am a beautiful person, 
  i do n't think he would say that after #cutforbeiber, 
  half life 3, 
  give me the name of the game and i 'll search, 
  first 2 comments show the maturity of / r/4chan, 
  that guy was the boss, 
  some poor kids would gladly take a school, 
  its, 
  please stay away from / r/f7u12, 
  reasons : grammar and it is not funny at all . 
  finish the school before you come back to reddit . 
  finish the school before you come back to reddit , please . 
  your grammar is very bad and the comic is not funny at all . 
  there are tutorials for it , you need to change the id of the ps3 controller to match with the one 's that the android app gives you , then it would be easy . 
  genitalia *, 
  get the fuck out of here , faggot . 
  are you trolling ? 
  did you win ? 
  you should have won, 
  idiots like you give iphone users a bad name, 
  the truth is that european union , canada and australia have a much better living rating than the us, 
  it 's not, 
  why did you even bother responding to him ? 
  carrot, 
  macs can be controlled by remote administration tools . . 
  they have the same risk of viruses as windows, 
  look up remote administration tools , macs have the same risk , but there are not many `` hackers '' that bother with osx, 
  flash the 4.2 camera zip , i have the sgs3 too and i have photo sphere , please research before you say something stupid . 
  it came with photosphere for me . . you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  research, 
  so mature, 
  you have too much karma, 
  dang , psychosis with morgan freeman 's voice narrating your life, 
  why did you delete it ? 
  u wot m8, 
  ripception, 
  he could get a whore for $ 500, 
  ad revenue, 
  [ fight me irl bro ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/26394888.jpg ), 
  she is condemned . 
  even if it sounds lame , i would like to exchange some insults with the kids on xbl , but sadly , i do not own a xbox , but i have a ps3, 
  how old are you ? 
  science reunion, 
  i hope he 'll do one, 
  well it was weird like something was opening my jaw with a hand . . also that thing opened my eye , that 's how it felt . 
  the problem is that i feel my left eye weird even after the experience . . 
  i feel a very high pressure on it during sp . 
  do you have a skype account for sharing experiences ? 
  i am virtualghost from hf , this is the wrong subreddit . . 
  i 'm not sure , mainly redditors are more intelligent than hf users and do not fall for these scams . 
  than *, 
  source ? 
  3rd picture looks realistic, 
  pirating is not stealing , the poor pirate would n't buy the game at all , resulting that the company would n't get any revenue anyway, 
  thanks obama, 
  it 's dota 2, 
  money, 
  hey , i 'm sorry about flamers , i find windows 8 great and i have it on my usb right now , does windows 8 install dual boot with windows 7 or over it ? 
  i want to save some photos from my hdd and i 'm scared that i may do something wrong . 
  you are a great developer and i feel good about my purchase ( pro ), 
  oh that 's dirty, 
  `` grandma 's oil '', 
  now we know what op looks at in his free time, 
  racism goes both ways , by the way / r/facepalm would be better suited, 
  it 's a repost from / r/wtf , look it up on my comment history , the original op allowed me to post it here, 
  should i take it down then ? 
  i hope you do n't care about getting down votes , then . 
  everyone is insignificant , this site is based on up votes and down votes , you add nothing to this conversation , so you will get downvoted, 
  oh that 's dirty do ya think so ? 
  that 's called ewhoring, 
  you are a horrible person .
