  so much diversity ) ), 
  why ? 
  he 's totally right , look what uk became . 
  standard of life is drastically lower , more crime , more rape . 
  deport all of them, 
  they did n't choose it , their bought politicians forced this multicultural bullshit on them . 
  there are none to little stormfront members on reddit , trust me . 
  coming from a leftist source nevertheless, 
  hahahaah, 
  do n't go by bus pls, 
  i lived there 2 years ago and it is n't as bad as it used to be, 
  did you succeed ? 
  sweden is masochistic, 
  they 're liberal hipsters , anything that challenges their world view is scary and it 's better to call us part of a raid, 
  they ca n't accept facts , when biased articles show up they read it and then nothing can change it because it makes them worried about their own world view which will change the face of europe, 
  cacat de site pc, 
  eu is fucked up, 
  pls teach me, 
  ublock is the best one, 
  are there any good racing cars with good sceneries too ? 
  looks like i share a belief with asians, 
  ! remindme 700 days, 
  that 's how most of us will end up sadly . 
  she 's insecure , that 's why she sent him that, 
  puck off, 
  yes it sucks , i wish they did n't have that side effect, 
  do n't you feel drunk from sleeping so much ? 
  i need hats, 
  i hope to see him as pm, 
  more like modern liberalism, 
  save them by killing your own country with a huge influx of immigrants in your country is retarded, 
  they 're the same as the guardian , a bunch of terrorist apologists that have some weird masochistic fetish to be conquered by muslims, 
  if i take some methylphenidate based drug the next few days i 'm extremely hungry , but in the day i take it i feel like shit and food makes me want to vomit, 
  do you have sleep paralysis ? 
  also get a sleep exam, 
  the comments are right mostly , islam is a growing threat to western civilizations . 
  not only western anyway , look what they tried to do in chechnya, 
  a phobia is an irrational fear , well islam fear is n't irrational, 
  yeah the guardian is worse than dm . 
  it 's full of muslim apologists, 
  what isis wants is a world celiphate , what is it so hard to understand ? 
  they do n't care if you live in fear , they 'd rather kill you if you did n't adhere to their beliefs, 
  me too . . 
  i work much better on it but dat nausea . . 
  downloading the entire series right now, 
  they love bending over to muslims, 
  pls . 
  teach me, 
  devilish, 
  no 60fps wtf google, 
  no , there 'll never be one race, 
  being white does n't benefit you, 
  it plays a small role , it is not not the deciding factor . 
  factors that contribute to it are ones like problem solving critical thinking logical thinking . . 
  she looks russian, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  you do n't know shit about valve, 
  wait until 3rd march, 
  most likely, 
  dear god . 
  as a white person , i have to remind myself that a large percentage of black people are not like that . 
  a lot of natural resources, 
  yes, 
  make a smurf or something , nobody will give you an account, 
  i hate you, 
  your governments brought them in your countries and that 's what 's going to cripple european societies for decades to come . . it was n't the native people 's choice , only a sick agenda pushed by some wealthy sheikhs from the middle east . 
  so far this rises up terrorism , rape , crimes in general like murder . . 
  a civil war will start eventually , but europe will never be the same, 
  do you use voice chat ? 
  you should 've been upvoted more , i just said yes and you presented source, 
  yes . . many people get harassed for talking over voice at low mmr, 
  tomorrow ? 
  we need sjws to fight for the good cause, 
  visit a real fucking doctor, 
  you tard, 
  perfect comeback, 
  most mixed look like whitened blacks to me, 
  no you are n't, 
  zoom on her face, 
  zoom on her face, 
  learn what species and race mean . 
  a group of people that evolved in colder conditions is n't the same with a group of people that evolved at hotter conditions , but they 're the same species , not the same race . 
  even better, 
  it 's not hard to distinguish african features , but it 's less obvious when she 's light skinned, 
  yes , that regen . . you can just heal up around enemy heroes, 
  getting out of 3.4 k trench was hard (, 
  you can not, 
  just play troll, 
  i 'm stuck at 4k, 
  shut up gypsy, 
  your thesis topic sucks, 
  it 's happening.gif, 
  we 're making a pc that can be used comfortably on a tv '', 
  what the fuck am i watching, 
  then why i have matches in which i destroy the enemy with pa and matches that are completely unfair for the enemy team and matches in which the enemy has much better strategy, 
  then it 's unfair, 
  better optimizations , custom games , easier to work on updates for valve , particles , hat particles , more shit, 
  tf2 is fps, 
  baga ti lingura \u00eencins\u0103 in fund, 
  ba da , baga ? cc = no si converteste,
