  yes you 're very oppressed , everything is about you and only about male privilege . 
  nevermind that the whole 3rd feminist wage only favors women . 
  where could i learn ? 
  uh yes, 
  what sane person would read a feminist book ? 
  adderall, 
  it 's easily noticeable if your pc starts running slower, 
  you 're in a psychosis . 
  sleep, 
  the system is broken when you have to use vpns just to download on tpb , i live in eastern europe and never use any proxy when downloading and i even get a high speed on torrents, 
  there will be always demand because the black market promotes these stuff to stupid rich people . 
  poachers should be eliminated . 
  it 's both, 
  you have some bad eyesight, 
  vpn descreases internet speed and i have 1000 mbps, 
  there 's a brain structure difference between native africans and native europeans , native europeans have a more developed cortex, 
  shut up you dirty nigger, 
  blacks are inferior genetically to europeans, 
  we should deport the scum to nigeria, 
  patriarchy is a term invented by lazy feminists who are too lazy to work to accomplish anything and blame it on men . 
  you 're pretty retarded, 
  you 're such a sensible snowflake, 
  i have liver diseases and it makes me very tired . 
  would stimulants be good for me ? 
  nobody cares if anyone torrents in the country i live in , like 90 % of the people torrent, 
  homo sapiens mixed with neanderthals which were much smarter than homo sapiens and this brought us like this, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neanderthal_genome_project it 's not a source but it 's related to what i said, 
  here 's a source though http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3adoi%2f10.1371%2fjournal.pone.0013642, 
   our primary finding is that when compared to caucasians , an african-american cohort exhibited smaller cerebral volumes but larger absolute left ofc volumes . 
  additionally , the ofc and amygdala appear to occupy a significantly greater proportion of the total cerebral volume in the african-american cohort . 
  importantly , this was statistically significant in a small cohort , which suggests that small differences in racial representation across cohorts in neuroscience research may bias study results , particularly if analyses do not consider or control for racial background . 
  our findings are generally concordant with recent work that brain structure may vary significantly across populations of different racial or ethnic backgrounds [ 5 ] . 
  white people resulted from the mix between neanderthals and homo sapiens are simply smarter than native africans, 
  i pirate a lot but i download from private trackers , if someone downloads from cnet it 's his fault, 
  i do n't think they 'll refund the purchase, 
  it 's probably down, 
  i wish i had a better laptop or tablet to test it on since it 's laggy on my 2.4 ghz laptop . 
  i have a 1 gbps connection and the stream is very good to my phone but it 's only 4.7 inch . . 
  if anyone is interested there is an app called limelight which lets you stream games to android, 
  dayz, 
  i have bought the game and pirated the dlcs . 
  if you want to do it download the dlcs and put them into the dlc folder from the ck2 folder, 
  tomb raider was an amazing game for me . . 
  what ? 
  there are good programs on cnet too like malwareshnitzels, 
  limelight, 
  someone is mad, 
  poachers should be killed on sight, 
  i think you might be a little retarded, 
  what 's so good about it ? 
  i have a terrible memory because of brain lesions, 
  i want to join a clan too, 
  the daily apologist . . 
  reminds me of cicada 3301, 
  keto probably, 
  most metalheads are rejects of the society no wonder they were a bunch of assholes and did that to you . 
  good luck in the future, 
  i 'd like to see how these social justice tards would handle gypsies in real life, 
  damn i hate retards like you who did not have to deal with gypsies . 
  they 're the scum of the earth and the government keeps on giving them a lot of money and benefits, 
  it could do well in cancerous feminist subreddits, 
  stop pulling data out of your ass and add some fucking sources . 
  all the links you posted so far are false and you hide behind some moral justice wall . 
  and i assume you are a white knight ? 
  thanks for the information, 
  that guy is a microsoft shill, 
  if i were a reddit mod i 'd ban them all for brigading, 
  you little shit, 
  enjoy sucking black dicks, 
  and your mission is to waste time while sucking black cocks, 
  you 'll get shadowbanned, 
  thanks, 
  where did the mods show that ? 
  its *, 
  i do n't care about an apple or a yogurt if i 'm in the mood for something from mcdonald 's, 
  i 've forgotten about my addictions too , if i want to quit something i 'll already forget what i wanted to quit, 
  thanks, 
  link ? 
  register on perfect world, 
  yes, 
  he is not a valve employee, 
  europe should grow a spine, 
  where is this `` enhanced steam standalone alpha '' ? 
  i can not find anything about it on their [ site ] ( http://www.enhancedsteam.com/index.php ), 
  you might have downloaded a virus, 
  if you have a dynamic ip there is nothing to worry about, 
  no , the path from the modem to the isp, 
  it 's the right solution and it 's adopted by the south african government, 
  islam preaches `` beheaded be the infidels '', 
  this thread reminds me of my dog ... damn why did it happen, 
  one good modem for gpon ? 
  fiber to the house, 
   rape culture, 
  yes i have 2k dollars right here in my wallet, 
  retard, 
  do n't bother with him , he 'd rather trust a media company owned by muslim propagandists than rt, 
  how many years, 
  thanks boss, 
  i get 70ms on us east from eu east, 
  yes but i hate everyone who does that,
