  yes, 
  i have a gtx 660 ti on my desktop . 
  can i play games from my s3 fine with splash top ? 
  which country has the best living rating in the middle east in your opinion ? 
  can you teach me ? 
  moot has been active lately, 
  i hate this stereotypes against australia , it is a great country . 
  i love that subreddit, 
  how ? 
  hey , i read your meditation tutorial from 315days ago on project reddit . 
  can you give me some examples on how it helped you in a pm ? 
  i really want to get rid of my mental blocks because they prevent me from learning what i have a passion for ( programming ), 
  when i open an ebook , i read through the introduction to the guide then i reach some complicated terms . 
  i read them around 5-6 times and i still ca n't understand them , then i enter in an `` angry depression '' . 
  angry because i feel like i ca n't learn and depression because i try to learn something and it out reaches my `` level '' . 
  this is what i call a mental block . 
  i only encounter them with harder languages like java and c / c++ , others like python , html and java script are easy . 
  this is what stopped me so far in progressing on this domain . . 
  if you think that meditation could help me stay more relaxed and more focused then tell me . . 
  others have suggested me to drink coffee , but i do not want to rely on coffee in my life , i want a `` natural boost '', 
  does anyone know when the glasses will be available for ordering ? 
  i wo n't buy another samsung device if they drift away from android, 
  i meant consumer ordering, 
  samsung has very good hardware and i do not despite touchwiz, 
  because they over price any device, 
  badger killer, 
  he did this on purpose , faggot, 
  maybe she had mental issues ? 
  how are you doing since the aurora shooting ? 
  you got your karma , leave it to others too , do n't be selfish, 
  actually , rebecca black had a somewhat catchy song , while this is . . 
  i hope you find it, 
  i should study more, 
  y u no dank iris boy ? 
  i had to read your comment 3 times to understand what you just said, 
  how do you remember that username ? 
  she deleted her account , i bet he could n't handle the alphaness of / g /, 
  dae thinks ie is the worst le browser ? 
  i used to stare into space , it is not something to worry about . 
  just a method to relax your brain without thousands of incoming images towards it, 
  i 've done bigger, 
  sometimes when i watch a video with the internal video app created from your youtube api , i exit it and it redirects me to the top instead of the comment i watched the video from . . can you fix this ? 
  amazing, 
  did he suck your dick ? 
  invest, 
  not you 're son, 
  your *, 
  i find them cheaper, 
  you got some karma, 
  i wish i could code, 
  i already completed that site , but i want to start java to code android apps and ca n't find a tutorial i can rely on to be understandable . 
  hey , from your comic of 196 days i see that you are an indie developer . . 
  i want to become one too , how did you start ? 
  you are a man, 
  what language should i start with ? 
  i have some mental blocks ( mostly because of laziness/reddit ) i try to get rid of when learning c / c++ . 
  i 've unity installed and 3dx maya, 
  then i 'll go your way . 
  did you learn from books or school ? 
  then i think i 'll switch to desktop games , i 'll try unity combined with c++ , but i encounter the same issues with c++, 
  thanks for your answers have a great day, 
  you should have punched that lady, 
  for the lazy / r/fatpeoplestories, 
  like your mother, 
  ` murica, 
  a factory reset would do, 
  you missed out / r/dragonsfuckingcars, 
  20 dollars a month . . 
  i hope the whole world gets affordable real high speed internet, 
  no , the major isp spent all their money and went into debt in order to install gpon ( 2.4 gbps ) technology in all the cities . 
  all the major isps have at least an 10 euro 100 mbps plan, 
  i do n't have a ssd , because i do n't have money and if i go over 13 mbps , my downloading program stops working, 
  that 's what happened to me . 
  i do not use drugs , but i feel like laziness has destroyed me and i 'm in some kind of depression . . 
  no data caps, 
  romania , but it 's a poor country, 
  very good , i want to open a business 10gbps plan with them, 
  tell me a story, 
  call them right now and tell them your complaints . 
  tell them about how much i pay and how much i have , then ask them for a reason why they do that shit in 21st century . 
  how much are you willing to put ? 
  i live near the border to bulgaria ( craiova ), 
  for all those who want american market get : market enabler and hotspot van , clear cache , fake provider , activate vin , enter play store boom . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  basically, 
  sure, 
  only aosp ones, 
  north korea is only korea, 
  same with romania . 
  have you showered with karma ? 
  blaze it 420 faggot, 
  what the duck, 
  mine died in october . . had been stolen and forced to walk too much . 
  this created a rupture in his heart and combined with his fear at the time , he died shortly after we found him ... 
  great times , great dog, 
  how comes i never got a steam gift , but gifted around 30 games to random people, 
  windows 8 bravery, 
  for sure, 
  fastest distro, 
  i never had one neither .
