  there is a difference between the us and the rest of the world, 
  droid does not equal android, 
  you changed the comment bastard, 
  you are paranoid without justification, 
  i have 120 iq and it 's a bad test . 
  i have narcolepsy unmedicated so i can not focus or memorize most of the time . 
  i was told i was smart , but i realized that a disorder is stopping me when i tried to use my `` potential '', 
  i live in a poor country , i do n't know where to go . 
  i have a psychiatrist appointment next month, 
  thanks too, 
  how do you see deleted, 
  i 'd want to know, 
  did you hear any weird sounds #, 
  alien blue on android ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  adderall, 
  i use reddit sync . 
  instead of telling an android user that you use alien blue and it works , you better tell him that he could use a polished reddit app like reddit sync and reddit news, 
  do you feel tired all the time ? 
  i had sleep paralysis when i skipped a night 's sleep . 
  i 've discovered that this may be a symptom of a sleep disorder which i have because i 'm sleepy all the day not matter how much i sleep, 
  i have 1000 mbps not google fiber and i can download wow in 8 minutes which uses way more storage space than sc2, 
  it 's worth it , i wish i lived in the us, 
  crazy fast internet is n't 20 mbps, 
  i have 1 gbps for $ 20 at my place . . 
  fiberlink, 
  galaxy s does n't have official jelly bean, 
  what does he do if you try to touch him ? 
  can they help you ? 
  does it change when you are depressed , angry or happy ? 
  i have rare hallucinations too when i 'm tired . 
  i suspect i have mild narcolepsy because i 'm tired all the time . 
  my most vivid and scary hallucinations are in sleep paralysis . 
  do you experience sp ? 
  one, 
  why, 
  you communist piece of shit, 
  retarded anti israel neckbeards that do n't know anything about a war zone and comment about the most democratic state out there that defends itself, 
  it is n't, 
  medication ? 
  `` big pharma '' helps a lot of people like me with various problems that can be corrected by drugs . 
  if you would rather believe that retarded piece of shit jenny mccarthy than actual science sources , that 's your problem and you shall not be allowed to have kids, 
  wp is not a real mobile os . 
  microsoft is a retarded company with its anti google campaigns and this is why i wo n't buy their products until they advertise what their products actually do instead of creating lies about android, 
  why do n't you flash ? 
  how are the dragons doing ? 
  can you conjure hallucinations ? 
  like making a dog appear , or are them controlled by your brain, 
  do you ha e trouble with concentration and memory ? 
  i sometimes have hallucinations , but they disappear when i watch them , but also my memory and concentration are a mess even if my iq is above average which may not be relevant, 
  citation needed, 
  good for you , i 'm unsure if my problems are neurological . 
  i am dizzy , feel funny/drunk all the time without drinking any alcohol . 
  when i try to learn i simply ca n't , my attentiveness is bad and many other things . 
  even if you have hallucinatory episodes , you do n't experience symptoms that can affect what you want to do . 
  do you have any delusions ? 
  i do n't want to get cancer if you smoke near me, 
  you 're stupid , sheeple, 
  my gs3 took me 2 minutes to root , the gs4 is the same, 
  ahmed angel, 
  how ? 
  i want glass, 
  are you serious ? 
  i feel bad for you , you poor soul, 
  really, 
  there is a link with major companies and how much they value your privacy . 
  apple has 2 stars out of 5 and google has 4 out of 5 but it should have been 5 . 
  you may like it or not , but google values your privacy more than apple, 
  i do n't understand that logic . 
  i am not a product , i encourage free market . 
  youtube is free , all things from google are free and we just have to click on relevant ads to us , if google taxed us $ 10 per month for each service you would n't complain . 
  google does a very good thing , people need to realize that google has been trying to make everything affordable for the consumer . 
  look at google fiber . 
  you complain about some ads that provide revenue and keep your product free . 
  saved, 
  i wish more people could understand this, 
  `` privacy intrusive '', 
  really ? 
  i have to stop going on reddit , you are too self centered retards . 
  no one fucking cares about what you do on the internet , unless you are a fucking terrorist . 
  i have 1000 mbps i9300 and it loads very slow for me, 
  stupid idiot , microsoft is the one stopping the market from developing, 
  idiot, 
  why do you do this ? 
  this is not cringe, 
  yes i 'll look forward to v8, 
  great contest, 
  i thought azerbaijan was going to win, 
  how long did it take you to learn java ? 
  i am fighting chronic tiredness and i tried to learn a programming language but i ca n't in this state of mind . 
  you are a model for independent developers, 
  i hold my breath and i wake in 10 seconds . 
  i like to watch the hallucinations screaming angered because i found a way to escape it fast, 
  hold your breath, 
  if you have any case of sp hold your breath , it 'll be over in 10 seconds . 
  do n't panic while you hold your breath , i think the average human can hold his breath for 40-50 seconds without brain damage and to escape sp you need only 10 seconds . 
  it 's the best method to wake up , i do n't really like to see the white and black world, 
  i think i have a sleep disorder which gets me tired all day , but i have lucid dreams and very vivid sleep paralysis episodes . 
  i remember i saw 2 hot near a pool when i was flying over a city . 
  i went there and they told me some things i can not recall , but they were very weird .
