  got ta see them all, 
  yes . 
  i live in russia and i can confirm this, 
  i saw the thread too , it had more photos with progress over the years , but you did n't include them . 
  inb4 : op is a faggot, 
  you are a retard, 
  you are a faggot, 
  idiot, 
  photo of the thread http://i.imgur.com/5ldco.jpg, 
  no i am on my mobile . . 
  reddit was the fastest solution, 
  you 're next, 
  you are worthless, 
  / r/atheism is formed by the most intelligent people and you are jealous on our freedom, 
  you hate my freedom you filthy casual, 
  faggot kill yourself, 
  you hate us for our freedom, 
  did he give you any credit ? 
  i did n't ask you that . . i asked * icantdrivebut *, 
  \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 \u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i hope not, 
  / thread le troll, 
  amazing, 
  * thank you but no thank you *, 
  walk it out, 
  / r/popping, 
  never link to 4chan , it will be 404 soon, 
  wake up sheepie !!!, 
  whole stuff made me cringe . . that is omega , not even beta, 
  how did he bypass the captcha ? 
  me too . . at least he could have done some throwaway instead of debunking the story, 
  victoria is dead, 
  only if he 's 3.55 of . . 
  i was on 3.55 ofw and upgraded to 4.30 cfw, 
  if you already have a contract with them and pay much more money than you should , they even tax for increased signal strength ? 
  no , you 're the only one . 
  more like 99, 
  gentoo, 
  verizon is the worst carrier at providing software updates for their android phones . 
  i have sideloaded flash on my sgs3 cm10 .1 , but it is absolutely very laggy and all the videos have a black screen , but the audio is going . . do you have any fix ? 
  see htc thunderbolt, 
  how ? 
  i even consider to get back to stock 4.1.2 because flash is not working . 
  ( black screen on videos ), 
  what language do you use to code in unity ? 
  i want to learn gamedev for android/pc and i did n't start any language yet . . also how did you learn it ? 
  school , tutoring , ebooks . . ? 
  you have a nexus 4 and i have a sgs3 , maybe that is the case ? 
  are you on cm10 .1 or stock ? 
  your title says stock, 
  do you recommend any books for c # ? 
  thanks a lot :d, 
  unrooted gs3 means 4.1.2 or lower , i have 4.2.1 and latest flash . . 
  i have read on xda that nexus 7 users on 4.2.1 have the same problem, 
  or users themselves should have the ability to do so, 
  poor asshole, 
  what phone ? 
  stock or cyanogen ? 
  what is this magick more exactly ? 
  what is magic ( k ) you are talking about ? 
  well you have stock and can not update to 4.2.1 , by the way how is touch wiz on 4.1.2 ? 
  you have schizophrenia, 
  schizophrenics can not see the difference, 
  there is no touch wiz for 4.2.1 , you would have to flash an also rom, 
  something about the eastern emisphere can not communicate with the western ( brain ) , i can find more sources if you want but i 'm on the phone, 
  should i send you my skype ? 
  i had researched a lot and can give you some interesting facts over there, 
  yused ? 
  saving for later , no res, 
  could you give an example of using magick ? 
  did your old come back motherfucker ? 
  ( getmotivated post a year ago ), 
  if not i will find you and kill you, 
  go to the gym right now i dont want to hear a no, 
  5 months have passed give me the results or i 'll find you and buy you a gym membership, 
  how does magick help you ? 
  no problem i am getting some motivation too , to start programming and to become a healthier person , and to exercise, 
  do you ? 
  how much do you lift now motherfucker ? 
  ( getmotivated post of yours , i am trying to get you back on the right track if you are n't anymore ), 
  / r/getmotivated, 
  dopamine too, 
  they like to eat bed bugs at night, 
  spiders are the most amazing things, 
  if he had stopped doing drugs , there would n't have been these fights on two and a half men . . 
  i support legalization of marijuana , but i 'll never do drugs, 
  quit right now . . 
  it is an addiction that may kill you, 
  get flash player apk, 
  i wish i had dayz ( arma 2 base game ), 
  it looks great, 
  not really . . they are not aaa games . 
  i would still play if the mod was n't so buggy . . i hope gta v will have a dedicated multiplayer support like sa : mp , that would be amazing . 
  damn . . i used to have an account for that site and it was amazing that they had a . su domain . . good times , everything dies after a while . 
  i never went that far in the story . 
  ah it works thanks a lot , 
  edit : bank refused payment . . how long is this voucher available ? 
  what are them ? 
  i looked on the web and saw some kind of lights in the sky aligned in a strange position, 
  citation needed,
