  anonymous russian, 
  nonsense ? 
  africa has the highest rate of hiv and hiv transmission, 
  you should try european and nordic countries better than africa in terms of safety , visit russia too, 
  do n't worry , he is an idiot . 
  i have learnt a lot from computers , they are my source of income right now . 
  this would n't have happened if my parents did n't let me on a computer, 
  i line in eastern europe , which country do you come from ? 
  it depends on what content you allow your child to go on . 
  nigger, 
  now i can , i right clicked the steam icon on my taskbar and selected dota 2 , logged and started the game instantly . 
  it is really annoying, 
  i want you to draw a korean fox, 
  every program uses ie internet settings for connecting to the internet, 
  did n't work, 
  really ? 
  is there any played rp server anymore ? 
  i think i may join , what 's your in-game name, 
  does it have players, 
  i guess you look like shit, 
  then why are you wondering why he is masturbating instead of vomiting over you ? 
  cyka, 
  you fucking idiot , you are showing what muslims think about america , i am not even american , i am russian . 
  i 'd gladly wipe the earth of extremist muslims , like you . 
  if al qaeda did to russia what it did to america , trust me , every muslim country would be invaded by russians and muslims would fear even to go outside, 
  i met some iranians on dota 2 , they really hate the system and the supreme leader . 
  people like him are the extremist ones which sadly represent 90 % of iranians . 
  i hope iran gets obliterated, 
  it is n't very western thinking , we russians hate muslims countries too , especially iran . 
  the whole globe hates iran . 
  nobody cares what an individual thinks , but nothing is stopping me from saying what i believe to be the truth . 
  i do n't care what you think about me , since you are a piece of shit that if you tried to come into russia and scream that you are a muslim , you would get killed on spot and no one would even care . 
  just remember , iran is one of the shittiest countries in the entire world and if the ww3 comes you would be obliterated , not by the us or israel , by russia . 
  russia is a much bigger country than iran and the fact that you do n't believe in god does n't matter at all . 
  you are some retarded iranian that has no chance in life , because your retarded country and that supreme faggot are extremists, 
  how is that even related ? 
  i am russian, 
  i said muslim countries , not muslims as a whole, 
  trying too hard , faggot, 
  i can not seem to get in , i registered , created a character and after entering the password it says server closed the connection, 
  are there rp servers on mta ? 
  are you in the us ? 
  what 's the difference between mta and samp, 
  i am the same age as you and i wish i could earn that much just working on weekends , not even a full time job gets that much where i live, 
  you do n't understand , i live in a poor country in eastern europe and it 's not possible to have a decent income , not even if i had a full time job . 
  i am trying to earn some money online , but it is n't possible unless you do something that has a real chance of working like android app developing, 
  i tried an application for mturk , but they do n't accept members outside of us, 
  what servers do you play on , if you are still playing we could join a rp server together until gta v comes, 
  add andreiro2009 on steam so we can chat there, 
  i remember you added me but i forgot your name, 
  they 're capable , but they are putting their beliefs in front of facts, 
  what was it about, 
  mists of pandaria is pretty good, 
  i remember i played it a month on steam but i do n't remember much, 
  el presidente is busy ruling, 
  i think she posted an image without checking before for geoid . 
  i talked to her before she deleted her account and i was sure that this would happen because you can not be 100 % safe when your pics are all over the internet . 
  fucking idiot , illuminati does not exist, 
  money . . meh, 
  they are really lucky to work there, 
  i wish i was as skilled as them, 
  what, 
  how did you learn, 
  myself included, 
  good luck with it , i think you could make a programming game designing combo . 
  i wish i could be as dedicated as you were , but i 'm not that patient, 
  hold your breath and sleep paralysis stops . 
  that 's what i do every time it happens . 
  i can not lucid dream anymore , i discovered that sleep paralysis it 's just the way the brain makes you paralyzed in order to not hurt yourself during sleep , and sleep paralysis is the sign of a sleep disorder , for me it 's sleep apnea . 
  since i stop sp every time it happens , i can not lucid dream anymore , but still it happens . 
  most of the time i know when i am going to have an episode , i am closing my eyes and i hear a lot of bangs and electricity buzzes in my head , basically the hallucinations start . 
  this first happened to me when i was younger , anxious because i wanted to catch 20 minutes of sleep before going to a friend and then it happened . . then the cycle continued . 
  we can share experiences if you want , it may make it easier for you to cope . 
  if you 'll achieve lucid dreaming be prepared for unstoppable sp cycles . 
  it is not worth it, 
  mushrooms hallucinogens and the substances that compose drugs are from the earth not from your imaginary conspiracy theories . 
  there are more books ? 
  if you have it once , you 'll experience it again at least once per month . 
  it is not scary for my anymore , but it is annoying when i am trying to sleep when suddenly i hear boom boom . 
  i think i could have some great lucid dreams , but i do n't want to see the hallucinations again . . the worst part of it are the auditory ones . 
  if you want i could tell you some interesting experiences of mine , if you still want to lucid dream then i could help you, 
  thanks i through i read the only one, 
  cyka, 
  substances composed of toxic natural substances . 
  you are a mentally ill person who needs a real psychiatrist appointment , you do n't know shit about this earth and evolution, 
  at least you know that you are mentally ill, 
  choo choo motherfuckers, 
  you do n't deserve to be an us citizen, 
  murcia, 
  are we sure he tried to do that ? 
  he just wanted some fresh meat for dinner, 
  nothing compared to mother russia, 
  gyazo needs more publicity , it 's a great program , by the way you can add a . png to the end to make the ads go away, 
  south korea lol reputation is decreasing in favour of dota 2, 
  it did n't happen to me, 
  you have to add . png at the end of the link, 
  cybergate , darkcomet, 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  i am a russian living in romania and moldova speaks russian way more than romanian, 
  russia did not `` put '' any people there .
