  til sarah likes pink, 
  mind me , i 'm on lsd, 
  mary christmas, 
  does cm team work for free ? 
  they do amazing jobs at creating custom roms from aosp , but do they get any money for this ? 
  maybe later with 1 year than consoles, 
  you are an idiot , check nexus 4/sgs3/note 2/galaxy nexus/droid dna , they are smoother than your crappy ios device where apple does n't let you jailbreak it . 
  for more informations check alexa ranking http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/reddit.com, 
  i 'll just leave it here, 
  i created this in 1 minute in visual studio with a nice interface , but i do n't think it 's possible on a browser since windows vista, 
  i think you have schizophrenia and `` riley '' the takes action when you faint . . like a multiple personality disorder, 
  stay up 2-3 days straight and you 'll hear voices in your head if you want to experience psychosis, 
  yeah i came up with that idea too . 
  it looks like multiple personality disorder and op needs some prescription pills . . 
  is shadowside recipe a hoax ? 
  touch\u00e9m, 
  so much cancer . . 
  yeah , if that brings you enjoyment then you should n't feel bad . 
  reddit consumes your dopamine so you do n't have the will or motivation to clean your room . 
  i suggest taking a nap then afterwards start cleaning and you 'll do it fast if you wo n't think about reddit . 
  i recommend you this because i found out that my addiction for reddit did n't let me learn a programming language . 
  some people may think that they have adhd or add when they ca n't focus on something . 
  it is mainly because your brain enters a loop without end and does not realize what is productive and what 's not so you waste all your concentration on reddit/facebook/something else . 
  do not fall in a depression if you ca n't focus . 
  anyone can pm me for more advices regarding this situation . 
  all episodes were best episode . 
  the universe is amazing . 
  dan , that episode really brings me nostalgia . . 
  no you did a nosleep post a while back, 
  on 4.2.1 it does n't work for me cm 10.1, 
  it does n't display anything flash related even if i have the latest flash . 
  ( i use browser ), 
  of course i have rebooted . . i just have it installed without it doing anything than showing white screens / black screens on flash elements like videos . . i came across this on xda on a nexus 7 stock 4.2.1 and that person had the same problem as me . . 
  i 'll check, 
  edit : did n't find a solution . . 
  there are multiple personality disorders that allow other personalities to take control making op seem like fainting . 
  do you have psychosis or schizophrenia ? 
  well is n't schizophrenia an umbrella for mental relayed issues like psychosis ? 
  do you feel paranoid ? 
  schizophrenia is a very complex problem . . 
  i 'm fairly sure op is schizophrenic . 
  schizophrenia is an umbrella for diseases like psychosis and multiple personality disorders . 
  in fact , his senses are replaced by `` riley '' . 
  it 's like your feel when someone looks at you , you feel that , but in op 's case riley tells him . 
  same with the moment riley told op a girl liked him, 
  apple wants to destroy android and eliminate the competition . 
  really ? 
  french is n't dead, 
  why are you on nosleep then ? 
  i used to have some night terrors where i heard voices from the tv and i was scared every night for no reason . 
  they stopped at 9 years old . . 
  i also have frequently sleep paralysis , but i 'm not scared anymore and i find it an amazing experience, 
  because they followed hitler ideas, 
  nationalism is just another way to say that your country is the best . 
  in my opinion , nationalism is stupid, 
  when i first came to reddit i did n't like res , but you get used to it, 
  res, 
  opera mini, 
  unity or udk ? 
  an example is apple, 
  have i ever told you the definition of insanity ? 
  peerfly or cpa networks ? 
  bing gets the search results from google . 
  no , samsung is the best at updating their devices, 
  that article is bad , hox wo n't get 4.2 maybe not even 4.1.2 , the sgs3 already has 4.1.2 and i suppose it 'll get to 4.2 by march, 
  same reason as romania , they got internet and tv much later than the western countries and the isp offers 100-1000 mbps for the range between 10 dollars and 25 . 
  i have the 660 ti , it runs fc3 great at optimal, 
  do you have gpon ? 
  my speeds :, 
  ftp speeds to my domain, 
  android devices have 73 % market share . 
  `` the better product '', 
  ca n't you get 1000 ? 
  that is n't a tradition , i 've lived in romania and never heard of that, 
  i5 2500k 8gb ram z68 pro3 gen3 i run 1680x1050 but 1920x1080 works fine, 
  how did he climb back ? 
  blog spam , anyone who wants to do this go to xda and search for rooting guide , it generally needs a simple flash with odin . 
  it 's like nationalism, 
  download apk or torrent, 
  that 's the truth , nationalists have a way too big pride to realize that the country is shit . 
  i live here and ca n't wait to get out, 
  he looks sad, 
  do n't say it then, 
  terrible comic, 
  what language do you code in ? 
  i started python on codecademy and i hope i do n't waste my time learning it . 
  i want to become a game developer, 
  i tried to learn it , but it 's annoying , i do not understand any terms even if it 's a book for beginners . . how did you start with c++ ? 
  please leave reddit and go to 9gag or funny junk, 
  where ? 
  and how did you start ? 
  i have some time to spend learning , but i do n't have any leads . . books are confusing for me . 
  i 've tried several books , but they are not really for beginners even if they say so . . and it angers me when i can not comprehend . 
  i know javascript , html , css and a bit python , but i tried a lot of tutorials for c # / c++ and it looks like a stupid language , lots of syntax errors and difficulties in learning for beginners.but unity uses c++ , so i need to try more . . google has n't helped me so far so i do n't know what to do next . 
  devina ? 
  only 2-3 months left for gta v. ( consoles ), 
  i wonder how much will it take them to build it for the pc . . 
  i liked that the poker game in far cry 3 was holdem . . the only one i can play . 
  where 's the ps3 ? 
  reddit sync is better,
