  but i find it hard to believe that by the time the last of the documents has been released , that it will have had no impact on the extent of government spying . 
  shining a light on corruption surely has a long-standing tradition of affecting change , and the lies and cover ups that follow each new report serve to multiply the outrage of the people , and puts faces and names to the crimes . 
  i had never heard of clapper till he lied to congress . 
  at least now when you try and warn someone about privacy they ca n't treat you like an idiot , nut job . 
  it 's they who deny a problem exists who look stupid now . 
  there 's change a-comin , and it 's hard to imagine it not coming , once a critical mass of like minds have had enough of the crap . 
  as for the new pope . 
  i smell a pure pr decision in bringing this one in . 
  it worked so well with obama !, 
  and the media surrounding him , reinforcing his rebel , christ-like character should be a clear tell . 
  maybe this pope is like everything they say ... 
  but he is just the figure head of a corrupt institution which will not dance in step with this `` pied piper '' in terms of any real change to the catholic faith . 
  it sure takes the heat off them right now . 
  brilliant marketing move imo . 
  classic example of a mentally unstable human, 
  give me, 
  i guess you 're fat, 
  merry christmas where 's my gold, 
  yes but we have better technology now to reduce pollution which china refuses to use, 
  damn i have a 660 ti too . 
  my average mining hash rate is 220 but the temperature is around 84 celsius so i do n't know if it 's safe, 
  so meta, 
  sorry for your dog, 
  create, 
  hold your breath, 
  \u00a9 \u00a9 \u00a9 first of all , if anyone can tell me how to stop sp completely i 'd be delighted to hear as i 've never heard it . \u00a9 \u00a9 \u00a9, 
  take a sleep study and see if you have any sleep problems . 
  if you do take treatment and sp will disappear over time . 
  i have sleep apnea from allergies . 
  i used to have them a lot but i started using nasal sprays and some anti allergy pills that i built tolerance to . 
  now i can sleep on my back whenever i want without fear ( i do n't even care anymore ), 
  i realised i am tired all the time so i thought about researching and i found my sleep problem . 
  i still have it rarely ( i have to find long term treatment like cpap ) and i just hold my breath , it 's not scary anymore just annoying, 
  thanks , 
  i used to have that problem too , but now i sleep on my back and i have n't any sp . 
  check if your respiratory pathways are blocked while you are on your back, 
  cudaminer ? 
  it has 2 comments for fuck 's sake, 
  you can create the content for fearme yourself, 
  check your priviledge, 
  i have dynamic ip, 
  1000/1000 romania $ 18/mo, 
  shitty place to live in too, 
  what it says, 
  me too, 
  servers very far away like new york average at around 200 300 mbps , paris around 800 . 
  it depends on the router and on the pc . 
  this speed is the best when using a private tracker from the country where most of us are on the same isp with 1 gbps so i get high speeds in torrent . 
  most foreign programs are n't adapted to 1 gbps . 
  steam after reaching 10 mb/s ( 80mbps ) starts lagging like hell even if it 's on the ssd . 
  so yes the speed is abroad too, 
  ( except upload that 's limited to 30 or 100 ), 
  ok thanks, 
  it depends on the spectrum, 
  kek, 
  what if he was a millionaire, 
  pls respond, 
  in time being pls torment it 420, 
  do americans live that long ? 
  happy holidays, 
  what he said, 
  i did n't say it with bad intentions , i was genuinely interested on how much do americans live on average, 
  you 'll, 
  me too, 
  speed and xanax, 
  the main problem with that movie is that speed and xanax will kill you at that age . 
  you do n't get to become `` crazy '' , you just die from the overload . 
  the movie is very flawed , on the old woman part , the teenagers part is n't that good since idiots will die and i do n't want to stop them from doing that . 
  it may get you with the mentality of never using drugs but the problem here is hard drugs like heroin meth cocaine and others are mostly used in social ways . 
  no sane person would want some meth/heroin right now , the movie is just accentuating this aspect of your personality . 
  but it 's never that easy , drugs are strange things that make change chemical aspects in our brain , the body can not support these changes so the brain is slowly eaten alive then you 're a vegetable, 
  added you : virtualghost, 
  you are retarded pls die in a fire, 
  why is it incredible ? 
  he just repeated sounds from that indian language . 
  done  herbert xviii, 
  me too, 
  if you were one day in nature without any kind of tech you 'd die, 
  i do n't see any eye in the sky, 
  that happens to me too , i hear people calling my name and sounds from places that make no sound . 
  i have sleep paralysis so i know how the hallucinations are . 
  sometimes i also see things in the corner of my eye without them being there . 
  i think these are mostly from my sleep disorder but you 're not alone in this . 
  when i 'm falling asleep sometimes i hear loud bangs and gunshots . 
  weird sounds and immediately after sleep paralysis settles in . 
  too lazy to take screenshots, 
  it 's released now, 
  i 'll remember for the future, 
  china you idiot they extract the bile because they want ` traditional medicine ' . 
  do n't blame capitalism, 
  you 're retarded, 
  i hate this which is nice meme, 
  i do n't want to use bing , google is the best for me and for many others, 
  bing steals search results from google, 
  i have 1 gbps and euw is very laggy, 
  i agree with you , people love to blame everything but them, 
  counseling is shit , they are distracted from what they have to do . 
  i am a person who has the symptoms of adhd but they 're caused by my sleep apnea which makes me tired all the time and completely inattentive . 
  there is n't a way to treat what i have other than expensive equipments which may or may not work, 
  i do n't trust counselors,
