  thats the one i downloaded lmao, 
  but also very lazy . 
  no idea . 
  i found a fix for another issue on the forum though , so i 'd give that a try, 
  basically he 's saying that resident evil is back to its horror roots, 
  like it ever was a horror to begin with . 
  the very braindead ryze was my favorite . 
  playing him top was so nice . 
  the ryze with no skillshots was the most simple and straightforward to play . 
  how is this me irl you fucking mong, 
  a semifinalist at worlds ? 
   here are some s1 jungle tips, 
   lee most played champ with 20 games and 45 % winrate, 
  hmmmm, 
  i pick into melees as fiora or yasuo top tbh, 
  how do you people even come up with these posts, 
  like, 
  what ? 
  did you even watch it ? 
  lol !, 
  they are ameritrash , what do you expect, 
  please return to reality, 
  yeah dude totes like alistar should be the one getting all the praise like damn he wq the enemy like wowzers dae us support mains are literally never praised nearly enough, 
  lost what ? 
  looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool, 
  are, 
  you, 
  sexually, 
  looooooooooooooool, 
  oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllll, 
  they were forced to by the eu, 
  please give a release date . 
  please . 
  i just know that sayazn can handle a lot of units in a battle because of improved troops ai that doesnt clog your cpu . 
  banned, 
  that doesnt change zed 's overall situation in the game, 
  he has been dogshit for over an year now . 
  yeah this guy never had the chance to prove himself and i think it 's about time some team picked him up, 
  those green numbers are so easy on the eyes . 
  she 's not , but still better than zed, 
  120 billion in current dollars ? 
  for the entirety of western europe ? 
  that 's peanuts . 
  he has 175 range idiot, 
  adcs are in a bad state tho innit, 
  damn , i hope there is . 
  i ca n't wait to see fewer and fewer tsm flairs as the cure spreads . 
   pretty much a good fiora will never get hit by the third q because she can outplay with either her q or her w . she can also outtrade with vital procs and has similar mobility ( that is n't gated by minions ), 
  you 're wrong . 
  fiora vs yasuo is a skill matchup that can go either way and it 's heavily dependant on the player 's skill . 
  you say that fiora can just parry yasuo 's tornado , but a good yasuo will know that . 
  i baited countless fiora 's everytime by e ` ing on top of her with a tornado up , they parry 80 % of the time and then they are open for an easy ult . 
  then you meet the fiora who know you will bait it and wo n't use parry immediately . 
  it has a lot of mindgames involved . 
  a much harder counter would be kayle as your windwall wont work with her autos , or annie , or malzahar . 
  then you have top champs like renekton , irelia , riven . 
  those champs truly shit on yasuo . 
  im playing this mod atm and that would be my goal eventually, 
  shit is very slow though . . 
   shaco flair, 
  uhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  it 's terrible . 
  i do n't mind a slight variety in armor/costumes but yeah . 
  pikemen should have pikes , always . 
  i know i got irritated playing acok because i wanted to make a unit of polearm users to brace for cavalry charges, 
  haha it 's all cool my man, 
  now my thread looks alive , 
  `` what '' what ? 
  chicken nugget scoon, 
  it 's fucking na soloq, 
  i regret it . 
  pol is filled to the brim with anime autists . 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  ca n't a person just complain on the internet that a phone case has a dumb design because matumba in africa has to eat ants for dinner ? 
  cant a person just call it shit if he wants to, 
  you think others are being pretentious but then you come out with comments like this . 
  it doesnt make me one because i was never against judging things in the first place ? 
  a slew of insults ? 
  where ? 
  just dont get hit lol ever lol u guys are so bad like lol get good, 
  you mean the thing that allows him to completely negate poke ? 
  his regen is absurd . 
  no it would be a massive waveclear buff, 
  by the time it reached max range lee already w 'd to a minion , and ahri was right next to the fish . 
  ahri then used an ulti charge the very moment the fish attached to her , making it look like the hitbox of the fish is as wide as midlane itself . 
  everyone focusing on him saying that he 's a shitter when the `` outplay '' he made is so basic, 
  wew he clicked behind himself when he saw the heavily telegraphed cass ult, 
  iceberg games do n't exist . 
  either you start up a game and find the gameplay enjoyable and decide to keep playing , or you get bored and move to other games . 
  nobody goes `` damn , this is really boring but i 'll keep playing it for 20 + hours until maybe it starts becoming fun '', 
  people who stick around are always the people who loved it from the first hour . 
  they always enjoyed the game , the enjoyment simply deepened as they went on and explored the game further . 
  does that mean that your tastes wo n't change and you will always find certain games boring ? 
  i had this happen to me . 
  back when i was younger , i hated turn based games . 
  i found them dull , so when i tried playing old ff games suggested by friends i 'd just play for an hour , get bored and quit . 
  back then it was all call of duty or action games . 
  years later , after changing my tastes and opinions about games , i tried them again and enjoyed them since the first moment . 
  it 's not about bad design . 
  just bad advices , imo .
