  yes it is, 
  yeah because people are either angry all the time or civilized all the time, 
  fishing for downboats tbh, 
  ahhahaha you joking, 
  you ca n't get kicked from dota , it was a custom map for warcraft 3 . 
  there 's plenty wrong with it . 
  he comes off as fake . 
  when everything is `` super omg wtf woahhhhoahh what was that '' levels , then nothing is . 
  hype casting should be reserved for actual clutch plays not literally every fucking play . 
  why so defensive ? 
  it 's certainly not just me that finds it fake . 
  plenty people i know also dislike it . 
  nah bro he 's a legit player just like this one i met in soloq, 
  nothing suspicious at all, 
  : thinking :, 
  : thinking :, 
  : thinking :, 
  blacked, 
  you mean the run it down mid build ? 
  now draw her without the dress . 
  god no, 
  no it 's not good casting . 
  he 's fake as fuck and just goes woowoowsowo what was that oh my od everything is so hype goddamn he killed a creep what was that holy shit '', 
  tone it the fuck down . 
  he 's literally fucking exhausting to listen to . 
  about time, 
  just go to paheal and search her name, 
  gold lol . 
  the faces, 
  what did she do ? 
  there 's a lot of overlap between edgy immature teenagers and people who play videogames . 
  that explains it . 
  yasuo saved that engage, 
  you upset lad ? 
   america, 
   culture, 
  this does n't fit reddit 's narrative, 
  downvote downvote dowvnote, 
  radmure did not miss, 
  if it 's good for competitive it 's good for soloq, 
   japanese client, 
   listening to weeaboo songs, 
  please stop, 
  likes and plays yasuo = / = weeaboo, 
  na macro and decision making is as awful as usual . 
  let 's just overstay midlane as a huge toplane wave with super minions is in our base and the enemy fiora has tp ready . 
   chicken alfredo, 
  delete this post, 
  he really isnt that bad, 
  why did people decide to make him a meme ? 
  what 's he doing with his hands, 
  yeah i get what he 's going for but to me it looks like he 's holding them straight out, 
  deficio has ridicolous game knowledge , montecristo did n't really have that . 
  unpopular opinion, 
  if ls casted every korean game i would n't mind spottv having full coverage . 
  just bring papasmithy and achillios to tricast every game . 
  it doesnt, 
  emulation problem, 
  they are both the exact type of game . 
  the core gameplay is literally the same . 
  people who ca n't tell the difference between multiple types of water have malfunctioning taste buds . 
  not necessarily shit , it simply might have more minerals thus giving it a `` heavier '' taste , which i do n't like . 
  it tasted very similar to a mineral rich water my parents used to buy . 
  big guy, 
  i have never tasted either . 
  that jhin model size is jarring , he 's twice as big than everyone, 
  people also call me a water snob because im aware that not all water tastes the exact same . 
  types of water means the amount of minerals contained in one litre of water , in milligram . 
  im on mobile so ill expand later . 
  at the * core * they are . 
  do you know what that means ? 
  you people need to improve your reading comprehension . 
  i pick shit champs and feed because i cant play supp, 
  that 'll teach riot to autofill me, 
  shit system . 
  makes sense considering how badly he 's underperforming . 
  the same plan where i once took e as hecarim to try and salvage a shit invade our adc wanted to do, 
  peer pressure and mistake, 
  i think you 're really looking too much into it, 
  it just showcases i despise supporting , because it 's boring . 
  it 's a joke you aspies, 
  and he 's feeding like a boosted animal on elise, 
  quality entertainment tbh, 
  considering that 's me in the video i take that as a compliment, 
  except for the fact that he has 15 % lifesteal on him from death 's dance . 
  lux 's e is there because the enemy needs to know the radius of that spell so they can walk around , it 's not there for the lux player . 
  is dawn of dreams fixed ? 
  the menus still have garbage patterns on them . 
  do you even fucking speak italian ? 
   have you ever had lasagna ? 
   there are n't any noodles in this at all, 
  am i being baited right now ? 
  indeed . 
  now i feel bad . 
  i called it an abomination not because it 's poorly made , by the way . 
  it simply triggers me that a pie like that is called a pizza . 
  the call that saved korea, 
  always the same excuse everytime . 
  she would have , but the fiora played it really well and mf played it bad . 
   mf stuns herself to do so and if you dont interrupt her/kill her its your fault .
