this new shyvana passive takes the cake for biggest retarded change riot has done for a champion in recent times . 
  a passive that gives you random benefits that you have no control over . 
  benefits which you have no idea will be useful to you . 
  oh , i invested in cdr in my runes and items , now this extra passive i get is worthless as it goes over the cap . 
  oh we are behind and their teamcomp is better at fighting for dragons early , guess my passive does n't exist at all . 
  this random garbage needs to end . 
  riot was all about removing as much rng as possible , now it seems to be the new hot design choice . 
  what the fuck are they thinking . 
  no that 's what happens when you have american education, 
  why would i pick shyvana is the better question . 
  my stats are at the mercy of rng , and even then i ca n't make use of it unless i know for a fact that we 'll be able to contest every single dragon there is . 
  can you be sure of that ? 
  on top of that , the enemy will know that you need dragons to have a passive so they will not give it up easily and might just counter your shyvana with an even better early jungler/laners . 
   shyvana can just solo dragons . 
  yeah what if the enemy finds out/wards, 
   a lot of champions ca n't do n't anything if their team is behind . 
  a lot of champions start with a passive . 
  others that rely on interacting with the enemy team ( kindred , rengar ) with their passive are much easier to obtain than dragons which are at most 5 and on average 3 per game . 
  so it 's better to do the same thing every 3 years instead of 1 ? 
   if you 're yasuo against a melee champ you have no use for your w until you run into a mage or an adc, 
  this post already starts flawed because you somehow assume melee champions do n't have skillshots . 
  and a spell is different than a passive , what the hell ? 
  you can decide to not put a level in it and get more out of your q and e. shyvana 's passive is nothing until you get dragons . 
  depends on who you are playing against ? 
  if it 's ad go tabis if it 's magic go mercs, 
  champ.gg is a shit site that takes into account a ** whopping ** 430 games . 
  you can change regions and the results are similar . 
  shiv aint that good . 
  it used to be fantastic because it started at 100 damage so rushing it with your crit meant having a severe amount of magic damage . 
  now it starts 50 and ramps up to 120 in late , ontop of having 10 % less as . 
  not worth it . 
  yasuo needs all the as he can get after the as scaling nerf . 
  and when he becomes a good adc some other adc will eventually be shit again and you 'll still complain, 
  you people are literally just describing how an ultimate works and you are complaining that fizz gets a kill after landing all his spells on an ad carry . 
  you will never be happy until no champions besides ad carries have the power to kill . 
  i hope he 's got covenant of artorias equipped . 
  wow ur so hardcore damn, 
  when someone bans my champ by `` accident '' i make sure to `` accidentally '' make mistakes ingame and `` accidentally '' lose the game . 
  i assure you the quotations are needed . 
  if people want their prejudices validated im gon na go right ahead and do it . 
  ban yasuo when i hover it because you do n't want it ? 
  cool , i 'll just actively fuck you over like you did to me and be the yasuo main you want me to be . 
  it 's simple . 
  have you tried the daunting task of searching `` can you eat pussy like that ? '', 
  on youtube ? 
  alright i didnt think dad would look through your search history, 
  so what 's the matter ? 
  you 'd rather keep divisions to boost your ego ? 
  the what 's the issue on having both ? 
  divisions with a visible mmr in your profile . 
  destroyed houses in the sector under the control of the soviet union were n't allowed to be demolished because the soviets thought their sight was a warning/punishment to the germans . 
  what if you miss and he starts climbing your leg and chews through the jeans and you get a disease, 
  was the roman empire evil ? 
  is any empire evil/not evil ? 
  if so , what makes tyranny 's empire more evil than the others ? 
  what makes it stand out ? 
  mmr is more accurate than division because it 's universal, 
  if i see someone with mmr 1600 then it means that he has the skill of someone of mmr 1600, 
  if i see someone who is gold 3 i can take a guess and say he 's of gold level . 
  but his true mmr compared to others is not known , and it could be easily shown . 
  got it for bloodborne . 
  ffxv will be the second thing to make it worth it though . 
  is this a jojo reference ? 
   talon is much less of a discount zed now, 
  do you actually know what you 're talking about ? 
  talon was never a discount zed and always had a much better winrate in soloq than zed . 
   lb is n't so much of `` throw everything at an enemy at the same time '' anymore, 
  right , because other mages right now do n't do that . 
  what does a viktor do other than throwing his kit to kill you ? 
  or a syndra ? 
  or a lux ? 
  or any mage ? 
   so is kata , she ca n't faceroll a whole team all that well anymore . 
  she could n't do it before the rework unless the katarina player knew what he was doing , right now her dagger bullshit makes her just trash in teamfights, 
  yeah , done where ? 
  not worth it, 
  lol, 
  with the buttons on top you could change to the one you wanted on the fly with one click , now you have to click the mastery page list and then the mastery page you want . 
  how is it better ? 
  it 's not good on vayne at all . 
  attack speed , crit and damage is all she ever needed . 
  do you actually believe people are going to pay to watch trite and boring lcs games ? 
  how delusional are * you * ? 
  it gets so many viewers because tuning in is simple and free , if you make lcs ppv nobody on earth besides 1-2 % is going to pay money to watch it . 
  especially considering the age demographic of league viewers . 
  the rights to put their ads for millions of teenagers to see . 
  unless they are actually going to make lcs ppv and remove it from twitch . 
  that would be a shitstorm to witness tbh . 
  oh my god the fucking comments, 
  why do indians do that shit, 
  dude, 
  an article about nothing . 
  no new information in any way whatsoever besides a `` trust me , it 's coming '', 
  and what the fuck is that site, 
  praise be to yevon . 
  it 's obviously going to be peanut . 
  better nerf assassins again . 
  do we have a bestiary in the game ? 
  what makes the writing good in any way ? 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` nothing is explained , you 're just a generic soldier fighting for your country , in this case planet .
