  literally nothing . 
  like , zero . 
  none . 
  literally not a chance this could be partly caused by riot . 
  at all . 
  riot is literally blameless for this . 
  literally . 
  * except * the fact that montecristo , doa and papasmithy complained to riot games about not being properly paid for their work compared to other casters in esports in other games . 
  a lot of people made fun of them for being entitled , because working for riot is a blessing and they should accept their situation . 
  then blizzard comes around , makes a much better offer to them , and you come here claiming it has `` literally nothing to do with riot '', 
  yes , indeed . 
  literally nothing to do with riot games . 
   overwatch is not naturally going up like lol , but inflated by blizzard just throwing money at everything . 
  were you here for the beginning of league ? 
  what , do you think lol was born an already successful and worldwide esports phenomenon ? 
  or do you think riot had to invest a lot of money in advertisement , tournaments and all the things necessary to get word around ? 
  in essence , the same exact thing blizzard is doing right now ? 
   i was here for the beginning of league . 
  it grew naturally , and riot was n't even trying to push it into being successful as an esport . 
  blizzard is shoving money at everything trying to force it to become successful . 
  were you here at the start ? 
  you do n't sound like you were . 
  i 'm fairly certain riot did n't even have the same amount of money blizzard is currently spending , let alone doing it the same . 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  riot was just making a work of passion , you know how it is , they are a small indie company , it 's their dream to be so selfless and let the world enjoy their fantastic game . 
  tournaments , advertising , all those things are simply steps to take for the world to become enlightened . 
  then blizzard does the same thing -- those evil mosters are trying to force overwatch !, 
  they dare advertise and they dare investing in their own esports infrastructure . 
   i 'm fairly certain riot did n't even have the same amount of money blizzard is currently spending , let alone doing it the same . 
  because they couldnt , not because they did n't want to or need to . 
  when the money started coming in , so did the massive investments to make league of legends the esports it is today . 
  it took a lot of that to make it the success it is right now . 
   go learn what kespa is before blaming riot for anything . 
  you are just digging up bs about `` caster money '' which had nothing to do with this decision ( if you had paid any attention to anything recently , you would know this was n't a `` riot is bad '' decision , and more `` blizzard is throwing lots of money at overwatch '' decision ) . 
  it does . 
  do you think that montecristo would n't rather work for a game he already loves , like league ? 
  he left because he knew what situation he was in . 
  riot made it very clearly they disliked him . 
  they do n't care about paying him fairly , he 's not gon na be invited to any riot hosted events , he 's simply not welcome to league anymore outside of the lck . 
  and yet you actually have the fucking gall to claim it has nothing to do with riot ? 
  after all the shit that happened between them , the videos monte made , the way riot treated montecristo , you claim that is all nothing ? 
  you claim i have a false narrative when you literally claim this decision does n't have anything to do with riot in the slightest . 
  do you know how ridicolous you sound ? 
  guess what , riot is n't a small indie company any longer . 
  they make literal billions . 
  yet they refused to increase a caster 's salary to ** industry standard ** like esl . 
  but no -- it has nothing to do with riot . 
  it 's pointless to argue with a riot fanboy , is n't it ? 
  it 's ok to have bad opinions . 
  zaun city , which is where new warwick is created, 
   on earth, 
   on earth, 
   on earth, 
   on earth, 
  is france a city you fucking mong ? 
  what is going to plan ? 
  his steps have a different sound when he runs in the river . 
  where are the fucking zed buffs ? 
  studies have shown that darkies commit much more crimes on average than other races , that 's not stopping you though is it ? 
  no , i am assuming you are a darkie . 
  what makes you darkies so violent ? 
  and he 's still in the shitter . 
  that 's just an excuse you darkies make when you ca n't accept responsibility , like fat people and their eating habits . 
  stop being a threat to society , darkie . 
  calling you a darkie is pretty fun as far as im concerned, 
  what 's better , beef stroganoff or prison meals ? 
  a drunk one , atleast you 're white . 
  atleast she can say daddy was present !, 
  so now it 's shit on everyone . 
  well done !, 
  how the fuck do you know, 
  mm yummy, 
  that never happened, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  eve got one, 
  wrong, 
  wow that comeback was epic as hell bro, 
  how is kingdom come anything like mount and blade ? 
  so you can recruit massive parties and create your own kingdom in kingdom come ? 
  not similar at all then . 
  edit : still at the top with 0 points , there 's no escape from this hell, 
  hello ? 
   given , ffxv demoed horribly ( imo ) at e3 too with the titan fight , but in reality it was a blast to play given the attachment to the story . 
  there was hardly any gameplay involved , the fight is just qte after qte . 
  did n't really have a blast . 
  the astral fights are all show and no substance . 
  warband is third person mainly with possibility of first person , kingdom come is the opposite , right ? 
  anyway , kc :d is much more of an rpg than warband . 
  this takes more effort than 95 % of the trash in this subreddit, 
  / le whiteknight fedora tipper, 
  you get lvl 2 one cs earlier than the opponent , yes . 
  tbh i made that post thinking of solo lane so i do n't know how it works in the botlane, 
  fanboys are annoying, 
  what is even the difference between a snare and a root ? 
  is the na income after taxes like eu ? 
  turn themselves in to who, 
  i cba to reply to every post saying that it 's `` technically correct '', 
  but just pretend i replied to each and everyone of u and called u fucking stupid, 
   16 damage, 
  i found about this when i had my controller plugged in for another game and the desk started vibrating when i got hit .
