  you can change your name , you can change your diet , you can choose what type of degree you 'll do . 
  you can not choose to get your foreskin back . 
  being a parent gives you authority over a child to a point . 
  like i said , harming them is n't one of those rights . 
  for now , mutilating your kid is possible . 
  hopefully when more people will be aware of the futility of it all , it 'll die down without need of making it illegal . 
  kos ... or some say kosm . . 
  i did n't like doing skellige stuff myself also . 
  im not into the pseudo viking culture at all . 
  wew , did n't expect a reply on this month old comment, 
  it does n't matter, 
  damn can elon musk do anything wrong ? 
  he strains his engineers and makes them work like slaves - but you 're changing the world , it 's ok !, 
  he pays his engineer below the market average - it 's genius , because he only takes the engineers with passion . 
  yeah but the emulators arent, 
  lollo, 
  yeah i forgot to say we found a panel like that behind one of our closets today with a probe . 
  it 's a mess of wires , not really sure what i am looking at and what to do with it . 
  could devices be causing this issue ? 
  we have installed mysky around the time it started giving issue , though im not sure if i am just desperate for theories that could fix my issue or if it 's a legitimate possibility . 
  any idea where i could find some network specific help ? 
  this issue is driving me insane . 
  the router and modem are all in one for me . 
  i ca n't change it because the isp is awful like that . 
  only this works . 
  unless you were talking about a differet type of router ? 
  also is it possible that chromecast or mysky could interfere with my connection ? 
  well , do you know sky itself ? 
  it 's basically a decoder that gives you many tv programs to watch , from movies to documentaries , tv series , cartoons , etc. 
  mysky allows you to download , rewind , register all these kind of programs . 
  in order for mysky to work you need to link it to the router so that it can access internet and download said programs . 
  it 's kind of like netflix ? 
  shittier though , i suppose . 
  any way i could check if chromecast or sky are causing this issue ? 
  edit : this is [ sky ] ( http://www.antennacenter.com/catalog/images/108/pace-ds830ns.png ), 
  yeah , honestly i do n't know if i know what you mean . 
  tomorrow i 'll check and take pictures of the boxes around the house and see if it helps you . 
  it 's called smart modem technicolor as far as im aware . 
  no idea where to look for logs . 
  no phones are attached to the phone sockets , it 's only the modem/router . 
  the router is now attached to the main phone socket and it is indeed still dropping . 
  and yeah i am using dsl . 
  i know that i use the phone plug and connect the dsl cable to that and my router . 
  yeah it is . 
  no , i do n't use a phone . 
  nope, 
  i never heard of this game before but ill make sure to pirate this game 30 times to prevent 30 sales . 
  le italians make le hand gestures le le, 
  next up : this is how italians crack games * picture of pasta and pizza being thrown at screen *, 
  forse finisco la spear run di ds3, 
  forse, 
  whatever, 
  you are absolutely delusional . 
  but thats the thing , i can . 
  no because you are stealing . 
  what faux outrage are you talking about ? 
  because the global superpower was n't actually using their entire might to squash the rebellion . 
  plus france . 
  those tits are always way too stiff . 
  sinner is the new shadman, 
  yeah the same face with different wigs, 
  did you just link to premium, 
  do n't do that . 
  edit : corrected link, 
  nothing . 
  it drops a slab only on the first fight . 
  fake news . 
  fix a power line , prepare a meal as a chef , clean the floor , shooting two innocent civilians unable to defend themselves . 
  same thing, 
  zed is the first of the `` new style '' champions . 
  who fucking needs voice chat for premade parties when you can already join a discord or teamspeak, 
  how can you possibly be banned for a game like this ? 
  either riot fucked up badly or we do n't know what else you did . 
  when you log in you receive the message of why you were banned , could you post that here ? 
  damn redditor you sure proved weldon wrong, 
  case closed bros, 
  i plugged my pc and monitor directly to a socket instead of using a power strip and it seems to be gone . 
  maybe it was that . 
  or maybe just restarting the pc fixed it . 
  we may never know . 
  ** update ** : the noise is gone . 
  i plugged my pc and monitor directly to the socket instead of using a power strip . 
  it * might * have been that . 
  are you fucking stupid, 
  what kind of shit elo you play in where ahri isnt played, 
  literally 22 % playrate and you `` have n't seen one in months '', 
  dumbfuck, 
  lower winrate than zed whilst also having lower playrate . 
  it means ahri is too good and easy to play and ca n't be punished . 
  annie has a 52 % winrate with 4 % playrate . 
  anivia has a 54 % winrate with 5 % playrate . 
  ahri has a 54 % winrate with a 22 % playrate . 
  are you being dense on purpose ? 
  are you using the zed flair to mask your true agenda ? 
  lol, 
  good thing that i also believe anivia needs to be nerfed . 
  the argument is that ahri is busted and needs to be nerfed . 
  it never changed . 
  if anything , you 're the one who brought other champions in the argument . 
  anivia , who also is too strong at the moment .
