   vayne doesnt move too shoot varus, 
  the never nerfed perennial free elo cancer champion . 
  you need to improve, 
  what are timezones ? 
  do you people never get tired of being ass blasted 24/7, 
  like damn, 
  please stop * using * this * every * 5 * words * because it * honestly * does become * quite * annoying, 
  otherwise great post, 
  how bad are you at the game that you think bad runes are realistically unimportant ? 
  you better be just pretending . 
  they might not seem a lot but they stand out . 
  i like u, 
  you are triggered as fuck though, 
  im * pretty * sure the `` this is terrible '' refers to what the fuck uol was doing with that trophy and not the production value as a whole . 
  you wont , you deluded fuck . 
  you get to pay money for skins . 
  that 's the event . 
  u mad lol, 
  why do people create `` communities '' for players ? 
  this is horrible, 
  they 're not . 
  doublelift is only good at mechanics, 
  i dont, 
  haha what the fuck are you smoking, 
  no , it 's like saying that when you have 400 armor and 1k health buying 1k more health instead of 100 armor is going to make you stay alive more . 
  1600x900 resolution on the ps4 ? 
  how is this acceptable in 2017 to not even reach 1080 resolution in games ? 
  he 's a twitch celebrity . 
  he realized he can slack off and make 10 times more money by spouting memes in front of a camera . 
  how was it broken, 
  the highest winrate champions in the game were still mages/ad carries ( highest victims of arpen rushing assassins ) whilst ad assassins were fucking dogshit throughout the year, 
  again , how was it op ? 
  who was abusing it ? 
  see we are getting somewhere . 
  which item did these champions always rush in order to dominate botlane ? 
  for one reason only : ghostblade . 
  ghostblade was the problem , not arpen . 
  it allowed jhin to get massive amounts of ad and damage early , it allowed lucian and mf to duel with no issues because of its attack speed and movement speed increase on a ridicously low cooldown . 
  it was a necessary melee item for assassins because they would n't abuse it as much as ranged champions . 
  but when you give all those stats to an adc , it suddenly becomes too much . 
  they just had to nerf ghostblade for ranged champions . 
  it was the key item that made those champions broken . 
  are you guys daft or something ? 
  there 's literally an option for `` cheating '' under reports . 
  i had a similar issue , back when there was no cheating option . 
  i sent a ticket with a video of them being blatant scripters , but they did not get banned right away . 
  they ban in waves . 
  they wait for weeks , maybe months , then ban them all at once . 
  it 's a champ , not a chimp, 
  a manchild uses the second i guess . 
  whats with dota 2 fanboys and their inferiority complex ? 
  except vietnam, 
  because americans love their nationalism, 
  yes it 's a projectile, 
  based on ? 
  who are you ? 
  hahahaha do you even know the meaning of proxy war ? 
   * a proxy war is two opposing countries avoiding direct war *, 
  you were at war with north vietnam/vietcong . 
  350k us casualties in vietnam . 
  it was a direct war and it ended with the withdrawal of us forces and the annexation of south vietnam by the north . 
   that it was supposed to be action-oriented , but the backlash from japanese fans prevented it from fruition . 
  japanese has some great developers stunted by terrible japanese gamers . 
  i really wish resident evil did n't go to the first person horror route . 
  for you, 
  lmao what a clown, 
   damn i hate when i ca n't kill people for free grrr, 
  teemo top is good tho, 
  dumbasses couldnt decide between going for him or hitting turrets, 
  are you daft ? 
   he does n't want war with the us because that 's a war that nobody would win . 
  except vietnam . 
  because vietnam won against the us . 
  not on the battlefield as spoils of war, 
   english dub, 
  lethality sucks cock, 
  the assassin rework was a failure . 
  never forget ponto . 
  and then the trynd doesnt give a fuck and plays to win, 
  your move, 
  then trynd 's jungler puts your botlane behind and takes dragons on top of it , whilst rammus ca n't do shit because trynda keeps shoving his lane, 
  your move, 
  we are number one but everytime singed dies he gets faster, 
  i absolutely hate zyra design . 
  more damage than a midlaner , support , most botlanes suffer from ptsd against her . 
  top it all off , she does n't even need ap now . 
  fun to play against ? 
  whoever designed her must have designed ( whatever champ i dislike to play against ) too . 
  you win by stopping the enemy team ( you missed a `` have '' here ) any sense of fun . 
  what threats ? 
  that 's not how you spell darius you mong, 
  the fiddle joke is the best 1, 
  father baker replaced by mario, 
  as for actually interesting/useful mods . . 
  fov over 90, 
  third person mod, 
  no chromatic aberration is acceptable aberration . 
  thank christ you can turn it off, 
  im not afraid of you . 
  i will fight .
