  what are you doing ? 
  vladimir is so broken in pro play . 
  you can tell by his positive winrate in only one region ( na , lol ) and shit winrate anywhere else . 
  good point . 
  only bad for low elo players, 
  because im not having fun when a random person ruins the game ? 
  who said i wanted to fix my `` negativity issues '', 
  some cunt is ruining the game and gets flamed for it, 
  what 's the issue, 
  ohh that would explain it then . 
  i capped my fps to 60 and it hasnt happened since , so it 's very likely to be the reason . 
  thanks !, 
  yes, 
  it 's better damage wise but using pool with stormraiders makes it so nobody can escape you unless they are going over walls . 
  once you come out of pool if your usual combo does n't finish them you can pop a q on them and kill them . 
  stormraiders also helps you during trades in lane/under turret . 
  if you are ahead you can charge e and q under the enemy turret and eat one turret shot at most thanks to the movement speed whilst getting away . 
  it helped me to escape ganks , aswell . 
  charge e , q and pool whilst running towards your base . 
  the worst interaction however is when you are facing an ahri and your stormraiders procs just as she charms you . 
  you 'll be running full speed into her/her team . 
  his q heal when empowered used to be 50 % vs minions . 
  you also rushed sv , which amplified it further . 
  your e cd at lvl 1 used to be the current cd of e at rank 5 . 
  which means he was n't getting shoved in . 
  your e hp ratio was higher , making sv rush a good thing . 
  you deal damage , enemy deals none and you heal it back anyways . 
  you also had strenght of the ages . 
  300 free hp . 
  why would n't it ? 
  ye you can, 
  you can use r and q whilst charging e . you have to position your fingers weirdly , however . 
  what i usually do is get my q stacked so that the next is crimson rush , then charge e until it 's almost done charging , flash into them , r  e  q. 
  at that point , check the situation you 're in . 
  if you know you 're gon na get cc 'd and bursted down , pool . 
  if you think you can survive a couple secs without pooling , your e 's gon na be back . 
  at that point you start charging e and pooling and you 're gon na get your ult heal back whilst in pool whilst dealing even more aoe damage . 
  this is the best combo damage wise . 
  granted this `` perfect '' combo rarely happens . 
  i usually pop pool the moment i flash in , or very shortly afterwards , as i know imma be the prime fous target . 
  zhonyas really helps with this combo because if the enemy isnt dumb they 're gon na try and burst you down as soon as you come off pool . 
  zhonyas gives you time to let your ult heal come back , and buys your team time to deal damage . 
  every pro disagrees with you on this, 
  na soloq is notoriously bad, 
  what 's even to argue, 
  hold up how 's that racist, 
  it 's just some edgy dumb shit, 
  hol up, 
  how is he saying that he support the extermination of jews in that sentence ? 
  it 's just grasping at straws, 
   if i said fuck me osama blow me like you blew up the world trade , i would be indirectly accepting and promoting terrorism, 
  if you really think that then you 're a clown, 
  you 're blowing this out of proportion ( like they blew up prague recently ), 
  no i would n't say it to a jewish person that i did n't know intimately, 
  you know why ? 
  because even if you changed `` yess hitler papiii '' to `` yes * insert anything not offensive here * papii '' i would n't say it . 
  it 's a dumb cringy joke . 
  but it does n't make it racist . 
  the butt of the joke are n't jews , it 's some lolsorandum hitler blows gas in my ass humor shit . 
  to be fair irelia is cancer, 
  yes, 
  irelia needs to go and stay go, 
  lol no, 
  yeah but it 's hated by baddies, 
  apdo 's a soloq kid, 
  who gives a shit about him, 
  protobelt ca n't be used when channeling e so not really . 
  i use protobelt when in pool towards the champ i want to kill . 
  a good protobelt trick in lane is to get crimson rush and use your protobelt as gapcloser to catch your opponent off guard and burst them . 
  it 's no different than an enemy rushing sv . 
  ethernet, 
  who makes these subs ? 
  i forgot, 
  [ removed ], 
  so far no such thing in the options . 
  do we acquire it later ? 
  or at all ? 
  i know that everyone is mad hyped about ffxv , but this has to be said . 
  the sidequests , so far in my 20 hours , are downright disgusting . 
  all of them in the 20 hours i 've been playing have been only fetchquests . 
  terribly unoriginal fetchquests . 
  cindy will ask you to retrieve something for your car . 
  you go where she tells you , pick thing up , go back . 
  she has more missions like this , always the same way . 
  one person will ask you to retrieve dog tags of fallen hunters . 
  nothing changes besides the location . 
  go to x , pick up y , go back . 
  dino will make you accessories , and to make them he needs jewels . 
  yeah , you guessed how it goes down . 
  go to a certain spot in the map , loot a gemstone , go back . 
  then you have a biologist who asks you to capture frogs . 
  the first mission is red frogs . 
  the second mission is yellow frogs . 
  she probably gives more , and imma guess it 's gon na be green or blue frogs . 
  maybe pink ? 
  who knows . 
  tl ; dr sidequests are borderline insulting . 
  now granted i havent completed the game , but this is a trend that has been going on for a lot . 
  i have my doubts it 'll change . 
  earlier today i made a thread about quests and how i was let down by them : [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/finalfantasy/comments/5f6j21/a_sadangry_rant_about_ffxv_contains_gameplay/ ),
