  yeah it 's your fault for not immediately closing the gap on a 1400 range no channeling time aoe spell and cc ` ing her, 
  fucking adc mains i swear, 
  guess which `` weak adc '' has a 53 % winrate in soloq , you whiner ? 
  wanting to fuck lamb does n't make you a furry, 
  shut up op picker, 
  get good, 
  it 's literally a shortstack girl in a bodysuit, 
  who gives a fuck, 
  shut up nerd, 
  so basically you are fine with your resident evil subreddit being half about spongebob memes, 
  damn that 's good to hear . 
  what a shithole . 
   i 'm saying , it does n't matter what i think . 
  i 'm leaving it up to the visitors to decide . 
  and every community where the mods do n't moderate for actual good content always turns to shit . 
  because the majority of people just want easily digested simple stuff . 
   let me ask you , would you rather that i start deleting things that are n't breaking the rules ? 
  they are n't breaking the rules because there are no rules . 
  i could start posting pictures of wine glasses and i would not be breaking the rules . 
  i could start posting pictures of cows and i would not be breaking any rules . 
  shitposts are fine when they are funny and creative and do n't get posted every 10 mins . 
  but right now the frontpage is in a really sorry state of low effort memes . 
  you do n't need to reach / r/askhistory levels of moderating . 
  that does n't mean that you should never moderate it . 
  i mean , this is your sub . 
  if you are happy the way it is right now then i ca n't do much . 
   i 'd be stifling free speech, 
  lol, 
  there 's a very clear difference between deleting random posts in a meta discussion and deleting low effort posts . 
  what kind of comparison is that ? 
  you sure showed them by killing them in howling abyss when they had no item and wasting as much time as them, 
  i bet they 'll never recover from that, 
  nah it 's slow as shit, 
  which have just been replaced with pure lethality stackers . 
  people will transition to them next . 
  less as is less on hit, 
  you would never buy last whisper unless for tanks so who cares ? 
  it 's now a very cheap tank busting item . 
  you kick the moped and then leave . 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  sue you ? 
  maybe because the games are very similar, 
  dumbass, 
  this isnt for the eu players , but c9 . 
  they can stay inside the us , but if they leave they might not be able to return . 
  that 's the fear . 
  fix that face and it 's good, 
  so much talent wasted for a narrative about 2 meaningless bad teams, 
  who cares, 
  because flyquest exists only to be sold to the highest bidder . 
  how are they gon na force people on their lackluster new client otherwise ? 
  when what i said wo n't be true anymore, 
  nope, 
  eu lcs has a lot of restreams in different language + youtube, 
  esports has some funny journalism, 
  projection much ? 
  no one cares, 
  no one cares, 
  pretty sure he was never the head of kgb, 
  bads will be bad, 
  if you still think yasuo is a problem you really need to understand you are bad, 
  it 's how it is, 
  there 's nothing wrong with how crit works with yasuo because adc problems are different . 
  adcs get mad amounts of crit as it is without yasuo being an issue . 
  it should be counted as such, 
  that 's not what the discussion was implying, 
  welcome to real life, 
  not low quality enough , being detailed makes it less funny, 
   taking the game a little bit too serious . 
  no such thing, 
  d4 is only a difference to d4 0lp people who think they are now better than d5s . 
  you start to see a true difference in d3 +, 
  t. d5 kid who once was d2, 
  this game needs to halve droprates and increase the quality of dropped items . 
  : thinking :, 
  change that bull to white now, 
  how is crit obsolete late ? 
  they are just big humans, 
   i am the reactionary fascist version of a flamer . 
  trynd is in a fine spot in soloq even right now . 
  he has been fine for a lot of time , infact . 
  he 's doing fine , fam . 
  lmao no, 
  even he says could . 
  is there the same statistic for league ? 
  his winrate begs to fucking differ, 
  yes , it probably drops . 
  but why does it matter ? 
  or it means that late isnt as important as you think it is because games usually do n't get there . 
  yeah na, 
  the `` hp to ap '' stat on vladimir is hilariously shitty though . 
  what did you set out to achieve when writing this post ? 
  why so upset ? 
  because people do n't like it . 
  do n't like the thread ? 
  then make your own thread or wait for others to be made . 
  who called anyone hypocrite ? 
   award given by americans to americans, 
  woah , impressive, 
  cant blame players for introducing such a good set early .
