  and there 's no option to turn it off . 
  or you can just mute them . 
  do n't do this . 
  u converted to imperial when it clearly shows metres in the game, 
  u should be banned for this, 
  where does all that ms come from ? 
  probably use an equally strong item . 
  he 's not ? 
  are n't americans cute when they think the world revolves around them ? 
  this ^ ^, 
  clearly a bug . 
  riot can release all the skins they want with no mistakes , yet these kind of bugs plague the game to this day . 
  it 's fukcing pathetic . 
  eucs magic, 
  these teamcomps are top kek, 
  good fillers in a conversation where you have to be spontaneous . 
  that is normal and makes sense . 
  using `` errrr '' in text form makes no sense at all . 
  otherwise , like , uhh , conversations kinda would be like this , umm , you know ? 
  like yeah in speech this way of talking is uhhh normal you understand me ? 
  but in text it 's really obnoxious . 
  err ... or maybe you could just write it down ? 
  i mean do n't you see how snarky the sentence above is compared to , for example , `` writing it down works just as well '', 
  aatrox used to be a pick or ban jungler , so it ca n't be . 
  only if it 's a human 's bone . 
  viva *, 
  haha, 
  it evolved, 
  you people will never admit that you played bad . 
  never . 
  it 's not possible unless you are literally next to them . 
  the video however recognizes it as french, 
  except that it 's wrong , coc is a horrible keystone on tahm because he ca n't reliably use it like every other champion . 
  lol all high elo tahm players ? 
  * some * are using coc on tahm , mostly use grasp . 
  even if you check soloq winrates in plat and above people who use grasp have a much better winrate than those who use coc . 
  then it would be confusing as you try to aim and the zoom just fucks up your mouse movements, 
  because zac 's e can be used for short , medium and long range ? 
  the thing is that nobody needs this change because it 's fine as it is, 
  then unlock the camera for the jump, 
  lmaoing at this post, 
  yeah like every year, 
  it was n't a joke, 
  it 's much more rpg-ey than souls games . 
  you can easily tank a lot more hits of lower level enemies in nioh if you spec for it , whilst in souls games even the weakest enemies will kill you in few hits . 
  yeah and risk translating not perfectly and then getting called incompetent in a thread called `` x player did not say y , ls is a clickbaity idiot '' etc, 
   implying yasuo is overloaded, 
  his kit is straightforward as fuc, 
  if yasuo only had one of the two passives he 'd be dogshit, 
  they removed his w passive which was very good and that 's understandable, 
  it 's also not overloaded, 
  make a case, 
  looool, 
  first it happens with the winds of winter , now bannerlord . 
  why ca n't i just like things that get released in my lifespan ; _ ;, 
  look at this clown lmao, 
  almost everything, 
  and yet their only tactic for every single danger in the wild is to run faster . 
  so when they see a car speeding in the road , isntead of standing still they just run fast across thinking it wo n't catch them . 
  it does . 
  singed is more flawed than poppy, 
  if you let him get away with it you 're a dumbass . 
  just go double jungle . 
  no you dont, 
  what lmao, 
  the only sub that does this shit is the_dumbass, 
  i think the majority of reddit would be pleased if they closed down that shithole . 
  the same thing that we did when / r/fatpeoplehate got banned . 
  a few days of edgy kids throwing tantrums in other unrelated subreddits until they eventually got tired and went to voat, 
  no they wo n't , they will be annoying as shit . 
  yeah , the_d is probably going nowhere . 
  i did, 
   really conservative, 
  just run it through the computer, 
  ^ ^ ^ help ^ ^ ^ me, 
  this is all cringy as hell . 
  what is he , judas ? 
  is nintendo jesus ? 
  pretty dull . 
  ohoohho tsm is so bad lulululululu, 
  is this game similar to mgsv when it comes to weapons and equipment ? 
  do you have your own base that can get upgraded where you can research new equipment ? 
  it has a lot of dialogue . 
  the issue is that it 's all in the form of tapes . 
  mgsv also had a very satisfying upgradeable base that this game lacks . 
  i wish more games had this mechanic . 
  it 's a counter though, 
  no they cant, 
  this is so overdesigned, 
  if adcs are so bad and you are having problems why does vayne have a 51.5 % winrate with a 20 % playrate in soloq ? 
  wow that 's a joke i have n't heard in a while, 
  that sub might aswell be called crossdressing, 
  hahaha this guy is falseflagging hard . 
  hes actually a male trump supporter posing as a black woman to divide . 
  nice try . 
  2 rubles have been deposited in your account . 
  they dont, 
  na scene is truly the biggest meme, 
  shut up your team sucks, 
  edit : u mad ?
