  you ca n't interact in any way with npcs . 
  you also have zero way of getting information about the lore in the game . 
  they made a film and an anime series to explain it , and the game itself is lackluster as it gets in terms of information . 
  people are drunk on hype still , but time will tell . 
  higher stats, 
  that 's it, 
  except he really wouldnt, 
  can you tell one side story that is actually decent ? 
  the sidequests in ffxv are 90 % fetch quests . 
  guy in leide that asks you to pick up dog tags , multiple times, 
  cindy asks you to pick up a can for the regalia , multiple times . 
  dino that tells you to pick up a stone , multiple times . 
  the biologist that first tells you to pick up 5 red frogs , then 5 yellow frogs , then loot a wyvern and bring back its wing , then another where you got ta loot a monster again . 
  wiz chocobo dude asks you to bring a potion to chocobos twice , to pick up an egg , to kill a beast . 
  those sidequests are all shit that would barely pass for an mmo . 
  they are basic , unoriginal and borderline insulting . 
  it does n't even come close to witcher 3 . 
  circlejerk =\\ = someone liking something i do n't like, 
  people praise witcher 3 for a good reason . 
  it raised the bar for storytelling , character writing and world building to a new level . 
  it wont, 
   the only thing cringe here is your comment . 
  what i meant is that their original value applies only once . 
  after that their value drops tremendously and it 's not even worth the effort, 
  from the games that try to emulate the souls ' formula , nioh is the best . 
  that 's 7 times as inefficient as the pinball game . 
  it 's also replacing a minigame with another minigame . 
  back to pol . 
  shut up you wanker your champion is literally the highest winrate midlaner in the game right now, 
  ryze 's massive burst is done by getting into close range to you where you can punish him , reason why his winrate in soloq is bad, 
  you can dodge ryze entirely by not being range of his w , you ca n't say the same for other champions . 
  you people are incurable whiners . 
  he has a 48 % winrate in diamond tho ? 
  how does your argument hold up then ? 
  what makes him the best na player of all time ? 
  why him and not aphro ? 
  i know, 
  i know i 've let you down, 
  you should see what they tell children about christmas . 
  a magical man flies all over the world , bringing toys to kids . 
  a prime example of entertainment coming above scientific accuracy . 
  simply unacceptable . 
  i think it 's a very important bit of information, 
  it aint just numbers , they wrote a reason for the score too, 
  are you dense ? 
  the reviewers also wrote in detail the reason for the low score . 
  they didnt just say `` this game is a 6 '', 
  2-3 years are a decent amount of time to fix something as important as controls . 
  it only locks one trophy , which is [ defeating ifrit on normal difficulty ] ( / spoiler ), 
   it 's, 
  people who have yasuo in their names are a bit clowny to be honest . 
  that 's pretty much me yeah, 
  magic pen marks for the unexpected early damage, 
  overedited . 
  i 'd love to be blessed with a hot trap . 
  it 's garbage as fuck and more of a throwback to old spells . 
  squeenix fucked up trying to realistify magic . 
  1 . you 're not the prince of a kingdom, 
  2 . it 's the empire 's chancellor, 
  then leave ... ? 
  why the fuck would you stay, 
  he 's so bad that korea stripped him of his nationality, 
  mamma, 
  forse, 
  you people are so goddamn dumb, 
  anyone who cries about yasuo is bronze as fuck, 
  i constantly see people with flairs of champions who are much stronger and annoying than yasuo complaining about my champ . 
  the delusion is absurd . 
  that wont affect me because im not a low elo shit player 8 \\, 
  it 's true though, 
  the fact that im not better than him wo n't make me turn my brain off like you and accept anything he says as fact . 
  apdo sounds like he 's salty as fuck about yasuo for some reason , so he focuses on him . 
  it 's silly , but people actually take him seriously . 
  nobody in high elo wastes bans on yasuo unless it 's a target ban , there are actual champs who have bigger impact on the game than him . 
  also , pro people turn out to be wrong all the fucking time . 
  what 's your point ? 
  this thread exists because this sub is a shithole of low elo players circlejerking . 
  it 's better than nothing my fucking ass . 
  why the fuck should * we * make a guide about beating yasuo ? 
  those people treat us like shit anytime we 're brought up and we 're supposed to make a guide for them ? 
  fuck those cunts . 
  eu already did it . 
  i wish i could downvote you 100 times . 
  3 stances, 
  yes , you can . 
  libertarian piece of trash . 
  kids shouldnt suffer because of bad parenting . 
  this just makes other videos lag like shit . 
  just wait for youtube mirrors, 
  the fact that it works for most does n't mean the issue is on my end . 
  it used to load just fine , recently it lags . 
  other people are also reporting this sudden buffering without changing any options . 
  it 's on their end . 
  disabling hardware acceleration `` works '' on twitch.tv and then fucks up other high resolution videos because it needs more power to play them . 
  because it 's not a proper workaround . 
  it just creates other problems . 
  he literally walks into it at the end instead of going towards thresh . 
  he probably assumed you were dudes, 
  edit : it actually is, 
  gone girl,
