  we have no idea why mars hates the earth so goddamn much , it 's never explained . 
  our main antagonist is so evil to the point of being comical . 
  he shoots his own fucking men , the clown . '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` he appears in these following situations : gets introduced by shooting his own man to prove how badass he is , returns 2 missions later to give a short crappy speech , we then take control of his ship in an anticlimatic way and he gets imprisoned - that 's the end of jon snow 's character . 
  i dont even remember his name . '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` as for our allies , we have an independent woman who do n't need no man who likes to say sarcastic stuff , a hooah marine that just ca n't stop saying how marines are the best . '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` the dude eventually sacrifices himself to save a civilian , did n't see that one coming did you ? '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` ethan is your friendly robot dude and overall the most enjoyable of them all . '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` the ending is lazy as every single character ends up sacrifcing himself and in the final mission they repeat that trope every 5 minutes , it ends up being very boring . 
  when ethan himself sacrifices i saw that one from a mile away . '' ), 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` also the transmitter idea was fucking terrible . 
  mars knew that the first attack on geneva failed , so why would they still entrust a second invasion on a guy that was captured ? 
  what if he was shot in a firefight while the defenses were still up ? 
  what if earth just removed the transmitter and baited mars - like they originally intended to do ? '' ), 
  the plot was bad , the characters forgettable , i absolutely do n't see why this campaign gets praised as something that is good or memorable . 
  unoriginal and lazy . 
  downvoted this trash . 
  where the fuck is zed, 
  be sorry my making something that is actually funny . 
  more like it was too hard to draw . 
  do n't lie . 
  says the fucking vayne player l m a o, 
  the industry of videogames is becoming more of a cashcow every year , leaving very little room for creativity or new ideas . 
  new releases need to be a safe investment , something that people * will * buy . 
  microtransactions out of the ass , season passes , overpriced dlc that is confirmed before the game is even out , preorder bonuses to lure you into giving them money on a product you have close to no information about besides handpicked bullshots or edited videos . 
  sequels are safe . 
  if x game sold a lot of units , x : the sequel will sell even more . 
  this wo n't get any better , it wo n't get any more pro-consumer . 
  this strategy of just bombarding gamers with things to buy in a game does work . 
  just throw a bucket of shitty dlc at gamers , see what sticks . 
  sony went from a free online model on the ps3 , to a paid online model to the ps4 , to increasing the price of said online in 2016 . 
  next year , and the year after that will be worse than what we have now . 
  you will see countless more things locked behind a paywall in a game you bought . 
  things that used to be free now costing money . 
  and guess what ? 
  `` gamers '' will defend it . 
  iron giant, 
  it 's a giant, 
  made of iron, 
  thats a bad thing you capitalist pig . 
  thank you !, 
  i ca n't wait to buy a refreshing bundle of final fantasy xv \u2122 potion drinks \u2122 for just $ 2.99 a bottle . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  go buy it ** now **, 
  you cared enough to reply ? 
  do you even realize how pathetic this kind of comment makes you look ? 
  `` go here , do this , return '' is the ultimate generalization and is literally every quest . 
  however , `` do this , pick up x , return '' is n't . 
  because that 's literally what every sidequest is so far . 
  there 's no originality whatsoever in them , and it 's a flaw that needs to be pointed out . 
  if this game can have situations where i must stir a pot for 2 minutes whilst ignis talks to me , while ca n't it add some variety to sidequests ? 
  do you or not ? 
  '' `` crimes '' '' are judged case by case , and in this case shaclone has my full support . 
  ezreal is a shithead and deserved it . 
  if you intentionally disrespect a teammate by banning his champion then you should expect the same amount of respect in return . 
  none . 
  appreciate it , though the user was simply a throwaway it seems . 
  anyway hopefully this prevents other users from getting tricked into a spoiler , did n't expect such a level of pettiness . 
  i do n't think anyone would , tbh . 
  where do find the enemy whistle ? 
  this is gon na push fervor over the edge for yasuo , unless the change is ranged only . 
  which it wont be . 
  how this relates to yasuo is pretty clear : fervor is really good on him right now . 
  i fear this will push him over the edge once again , so buckle up for some enhanced whining in the future . 
  what about not letting pedophiles relieve themselves ? 
  how would that help ? 
  your hand still works if you cut a phalanx or two from your fingers . 
  showing your true colors at last, 
  you got ta hold it . 
  does it really matter ? 
  you can easily cap out at 9999 in this game with little effort , no matter the enemy . 
  quintcast is much more important . 
  im terribly disappointed that this game does n't have a bestiary of sorts . 
  i love those kind of details in games that tell you bits and pieces about the world . 
  im glad that the wiki will eventually be filled out with that kinda stuff , though . 
  top left    emilia `` mother of burgers '' clarke, 
  supreme nene, 
   unless there was false advertising or the product i agreed to buy was different from what i received, 
  or unless the game has major bugs that prevent you from playing , or if the game turned out to be much worse than the developers showed , or if the game simply wo n't start because of hardware/software problems , or if you simply do n't like the game ... 
  you know , silly consumer rights things . 
  what really matters is me being able to buy bad rats at $ 0.02, 
  when 's the rank reset, 
  how soon, 
  i remember u people said very early december, 
  edit : i did not give u the permission to downvote me riot titsa so upvote me back now, 
  the cocksucking for this game is at all time high , got ta give it some time before people come to terms with reality . 
  i bet xiii was also considered a masterpiece on release . 
  if the game did n't fail to create a breathing , living world i 'd see a reason to explore it and fuck around, 
  but it 's blatant that the sidequests got the short end of the stick considering all of them are dull and repetitive fetch quests . 
  they get boring pretty fucking quick . 
  granted , expecting sidequests to the level of the witcher 3 is a mistake , but they did n't even try . 
  not to mention moving around said map is horrendous . 
  the car is n't fun to use , it 's basically a train . 
  you literally just hold down r2 and move the analog stick right or left depending on where you want to turn . 
  you ca n't crash . 
  you ca n't go off road . 
  you ca n't go as fast as you 'd like , it 's capped . 
  there is also 0 interaction with other npcs in the game . 
  if you stand in front of a car in the middle of the road for ages , they wo n't react . 
  they wo n't do absolutely anything besides waiting for you to move out of the way .
