  it 's tradition more than anything . 
  the king in sweden has no political power . 
  asian men can pass as women more easily ? 
  plus delish brown . 
  the fact that this guy constantly reaches high elo with this build should be proof enough that he isnt trolling or hindering his team in any way whatsoever . 
  this whole situation is a joke . 
  yeah i can promise this is not what the meta is evolving to . 
  he just straight up adc # 2 , not supporting at all . 
  clearly enough people feel that `` support '' miss fortune is a negative impact on their game . 
  dota 2 players reading this post are probably laughing their asses off that the developer is forcing a strict meta and that it literally gets you banned if you stray away from it . 
  like holy fucking shit . 
  he got d1 playing this way , why would anyone think this is trolling ? 
  a person 's objective when getting into a ranked game is to win at all costs . 
  this guy found a strategy that makes him win games constantly . 
  why should he care that his adc `` is n't having fun '' ? 
  so what ? 
  the adc should adapt . 
  should i be allowed to report my jungler because he does n't gank my lane ? 
  is he ruining my experience by not getting me ahead , should he get banned for it ? 
  we need another creepy dude who cheats on their girlfriend ? 
  why ? 
  bingo what ? 
  this guy has reached d1 playing nunu support and trolling/inting games on the way there ? 
  or maybe he just dies a lot when it does n't go well ? 
  why do you bring this up ? 
  what does it matter when he has a 56 % winrate on nunu , whilst also `` inting '' on nunu ? 
  whilst also reaching high elo ? 
  he 's supporting his entire team to victory by playing this way . 
  if he went bottom with nunu , he 'd lose because nunu support is shit . 
  yeah he lucked his way into high elo, 
  what a clown, 
  maybe because the pros did it first so the community went `` wow if pros can do it , it 's meta ! '', 
  i assure you if mf was picked support in soloq before her first professional match , people would call the person playing her a troll . 
  grow up, 
  no , no it does n't . 
  fighting the same enemies no matter where i go * does * become very boring , however . 
  and the `` female pirate '' is a katarina alternative skin from league of legends . 
  he said ancient rome . 
  why so mad lol, 
  it got very boring for me aswell . 
  there is little to no variety in this game . 
  you are constantly fighting the same enemies no matter what region you are in . 
  they always have the same exact moveset . 
  you are always using the same exact weapon . 
  weapons in the same category have literally no difference besides the looks . 
  you used 1 spear you used them all . 
  same goes for every other weapon . 
  the story is very boring and the characters too . 
  william is as charming as wet socks . 
  my game is sitting there in chapter 5 with no real desire to finish it . 
  im actually replaying dark souls 3 right now . 
  i remember when people thought september, 
  then it became end of 2016, 
  then early 2017, 
  now it 's end of 2017 . 
  by the time it 's the end of 2017 , the cycle will start again at early 2018 . 
  just like winds of winter, 
  everything about her is absolute aids to champions who can not gapclose realiably . 
  she either walls you off , force you to change pathing by throwing q , slows you with ulti into a combo , anything goes for anivia . 
  any decent anivia will never let her get close to you . 
  on top of that , absurd waveclear that you have no answer to . 
  new blogpost or die . 
  make your choice . 
  nioh ? 
  i played until chapter 6 . 
  it 's always the same enemies . 
  the only one being a fanboy here is you to be honest . 
  shut it down, 
  that 's '' '' `` italian '' '' '' american , dumbo . 
  explain the joke to me, 
  what is the joke ? 
  it 's a massive gold investment and you make 0 use of the ad portion of the item . 
  protobelt is 1k cheaper and allows vladimir to hit other item powerspikes earlier . 
  i 'd go for no . 
  do you like playing a champion ? 
  if yes , main it, 
  that 's it, 
  is this a meme ? 
  this desu, 
  i think the joke is that the kids are n't the one deciding to have the top of their dick cut off . 
  you do n't seem to get the point here . 
  if an adult decides to get circumcised , i would have no problems with that . 
  his dick , his choice . 
  but when you decide to cut your son 's foreskin off , does the kid get to choose ? 
  can he change it back when he 's older ? 
  that foreskin is gone for good . 
  really ? 
  when does the baby decide to have his foreskin chopped off ? 
  do the doctors send him a letter whilst he 's in the womb ? 
  and who are you to decide that there 's no argument beyond that ? 
  parents ca n't choose to lop off their children 's earlobes if they wish to . 
  that 's abuse . 
  clearly , there 's a line we draw where `` none of your business '' does actually become people 's business . 
  i unironically ca n't wait to train my agility by going up and down stairs like rocky . 
  let 's not get carried away here . 
  a lot of features we take for granted were implemented by dedicated fans . 
  native warband is good , but can * definitely * be improved upon in every way, 
  they do n't choose their own name , but if you can change it if you want to later on if you find it embarassing . 
  kids can actually decide what they want to eat , thing is that if you let them choose they 'd just eat shitty food every day . 
  it 's not up to them to make those decisions , * yet * .
