  when people say `` it gets good 20 hours in '' are being silly . 
  it may get * more interesting * 20 hours in for the people who like the game , but if you do n't find the gameplay fun at first you wo n't find it fun 20 hours later . 
  you have to play games that immediately click with you , the rest can wait until your tastes change . 
  the game is n't going anywhere . 
  yeah youre correct, 
  next to the brakes ? 
  why would i have one ? 
  because the average redditor is a 20 y.o. 
  american manchild, 
  why are you surprised, 
  i am using w10 without an account . 
  features such as ? 
  too far, 
  havent had one issue with g2a either . 
  damn ... 
  na players blow, 
  more at 11, 
  any decent resolution images ? 
  these are really bad . 
  adcs truly are in a bad state are n't they ? 
  you people are too lazy to read the first paragraph or too stupid to understand it doesnt work on the results of a single game ? 
  take your sperg pills . 
  and that 's a bigger possibility ? 
  just a bigger paycheck . 
  well ? 
  thanks, 
  you are my god . 
  nice, 
  server , you knobhead, 
  would you be ok with me inting in your game because i was drunk ? 
  im sure the answer is gon na be a `` yes ! '', 
  and then you have movespeed quints, 
  and health scaling seals, 
  and arpen marks and quints for assassins, 
  and attack speed marks for ad/jung builds and yasuo, 
  and flat and scaling cdr glyphs, 
  yeah, 
  nobody goes thunderlords on aurelion anyways so it 's whatever, 
  lets not ban anyone then, 
  great fucking point there, 
  i dont get it, 
  eu 's a bit boring with shootings not happening on a daily basis tbh, 
   the large , large , large , large majority of gun deaths in the us is in really shit neighbor . 
  literally every single state has at least a few cities and towns where its really safe with good standards of living . 
  `` if you ignore the parts where a lot of the crime happens , then the us has very low crime '', 
  great point, 
  funny how mages get to keep their snowball potential whilst also bringing utility, 
  his early was trash but once u got 3 levels on w you would be a threat, 
  at lvl 6 your burst was an actual burst, 
  talon is trash at everything now lmao, 
  thank you for protecting our freedoms by going to vietnam !, 
  nobody wants skyrim on the go . 
  and being hit by a minion going at 300km/h deals magic damage . 
  league is more popular because casual players outnumber dedicated players 10000:1, 
  probably even more, 
  how can people read/fap to these, 
  i cant even tell what the fuck is going on 90 % of the time, 
  more like the selfish 4 other players didnt go ap, 
   it 's why adcs are always weak, 
  no it isnt lmfao, 
  watch them as they say hitting diamond does n't mean shit, 
  when it comes to `` what 's your elo ? '', 
  arguments , the sky is the limit, 
  the guy in charge of balancing league, 
  he used to be the guy balancing wow , he became a meme because apparently he kept frost mages op, 
  people probably threatened to kill him over that, 
  jay wilson deserves being a meme, 
  master is very , very high plat, 
  yeah if you stand still in his q he does, 
  thats because you are sinking hours and hours on this game . 
  the enemy literally can just walk away, 
  this is the post of a very bad adc player, 
  just saying, 
  where 's the dick, 
   that must take a special kind of ignorance or laziness that i can not even describe . 
  it 's none of these things . 
  it 's a marketing move to pretend to return to the game 's `` roots '' to cash in on new generation of gamers as well as the old . 
  pro play , not gold elo . 
  because they did n't give a damn , probably . 
  the first looks like a dc , the 2nd he just gets stunned into a hook . 
  this video is nothing , yet people are already asking for punishment . 
  these types of threads need to be deleted on sight . 
  he uses mastery emote on the 2nd clip where he gets stunned into a hook . 
  why are you making a reddit thread ? 
  make a support ticket and send the video to them . 
  or upload the entire game from start to finish so there 's more context than two deaths . 
   if someone breaks into your house , it 's a lot easier to search for that paper , than breaking into your computer , finding your file , running a decryption protocol that can take anywhere from days to weeks to break . 
  as if burglars are looking for your passwords lmao, 
  get it ? 
  because she 's from italy ? 
  and italians eat pasta and lasagne ? 
  get it ? 
  did this get upvoted to the frontpage as a joke or was it vote manipulation ? 
  he 's getting reworked as his kit is very dated by today 's standards . 
  yeah until you change zones and you die because you get spawned next to 4 monolith dudes, 
  ironman is just a mistake waiting to happen . 
   literally has nothing to do with riot . 
  blizzard is throwing way too much money around , and i have no doubt this is the case here too . 
  yeah , literally has nothing to do . 
  literally .
