  bad move from the devs . 
  maybe you should post the entire quote you massive mongoloid, 
   `` perhaps the small illegal businessman of today will become the large-scale legal businessman of tomorrow , '' said the school 's headteacher , stefano fava , torinotoday reported . 
   `` however , the school needs to teach pupils to respect the law and our rules . '', 
  rude, 
  sorry but no racists are allowed on the_bogdanoff, 
  please remove the pic that shows the nazi alt right movement as `` enligthened '' . 
  thank you . 
  hahah what a clown . 
  love knows no age, 
  u mad bro, 
  why ? 
  you do n't decide to be a pedophile . 
  gays are just the same . 
  hated by society for being unnatural freaks - until they stopped being considered as such . 
  pedophilia will be next . 
  like every single emotional wreck i meet on reddit , their only argument is to attack me . 
  i am not a pedophile . 
  i do n't need to be gay to understand that gay people do n't choose who they like . 
  likewise , i do n't need to be a pedophile to understand that they do n't choose who they like . 
  germany is already allowing complete anonimity for pedophiles who want to get help . 
  others will follow . 
  it 's insane that people do not see the similarity of the situation that gays had to go through . 
  simply being gay was enough to get lynched or killed . 
  nowadays , simply saying `` i have a feature that society dislikes a lot that i do n't have any control over '' will get you hated and beaten , even killed . 
  what makes pedophiles choose to be pedophile ? 
  `` i do n't know , they 're freaks ! '', 
  is what you 'll answer . 
  what makes a gay choose to be gay ? 
  `` i do n't know , they 're freaks ! '', 
  is what people used to say . 
  and mind you , before you rush ahead and go `` hurr but gays are having sex with other consenting adults ! '' . 
  yes they are . 
  nobody is saying pedophiles should act on their desires . 
  what i am saying is that constantly making them feel terrible for their existence is only going to lead them to become more and more distanced from society . 
  they 'll stop caring what people think or want , because people already hate them . 
  in other words , * your * behavior is going to lead other kids to suffer . 
  because you , and people like you , continue to harass pedophiles * simply for existing *, 
  people like me however understand a pedophile 's situation , and dont blame him/her for it . 
  we understand how they feel , and we need to find a way for pedophiles to exist and children to be safe . 
  but you ? 
  feel free to insult pedophiles randomly . 
  feel free to tell them to kill themselves . 
  but you need to know that children 's blood is in your hands . 
  it 's clear you have n't even read what i said . 
  i wrote that pedophiles should n't act on their urges and that we need to work out on a way for children to not be abused and for pedophiles to coexist , and here you are claiming i said they could rape kids ? 
  i said im not a pedophile , and here you go calling me one so that your strawman argument holds up . 
  then you tell me to choke on a knife ? 
  what do you think you have to gain by doing this ? 
  you think this makes you right or something ? 
  what i said makes perfect sense . 
  antagonizing pedophiles simply for existing just does absolutely nothing to fix the problem . 
  but you keep doing what you want . 
  trying to make you understand that telling pedophiles `` kill yourself you disgusting human being '' is just going to make pedophiles even less prone to seek actual help . 
  if every pedophile that exists gets that kind of treatment from people they meet , even if they never touched a child once , it 's just going to ruin them as a person . 
  it does * absolutely nothing * to tell a pedophile that , other than making him less likely to get help and more likely to not care about anyone but himself . 
  if everyone hates him and wants him dead , what good is it to be `` virtous '' ? 
  what good is it to not abuse children if everyone hates him all the same ? 
  this is the line of thinking . 
  do you want that ? 
  if the answer is yes , then you do need to know you are actively worsening the situation with pedophiles . 
  just like you do n't pray the gay away , you do n't insult the pedo away . 
  that is a * bit * suspicious . 
  guy is dedicated . 
  and what makes you think the people he fights with know what they 're doing when the game has been out for a few days ? 
  give it some time , let the best players go vs the best players and see what the meta will be . 
  right now it 's too early to tell , but i can see exactly where the person you replied is coming from . 
  a good player will parry everything . 
  jhin was strong even before the lethality changes, 
  because quinn top was strong as shit . 
  with lethality she is just busted . 
   wow , you just love making shit up , do n't cha ? 
  sure , it might be pricey but the us has the most advanced , top tier health care in the world full stop . 
  if you can afford it . 
  330 dollari = 330 euro, 
  impressive of uol to resist so much whilst 4v5, 
  xerxe what the fuck are you doing, 
  cautiously optimistic, 
   she must appeal to non-americans . 
  what the fuck is this even supposed to mean ? 
  what ? 
  is that why he gets picked in pro play ? 
  because hes awful ? 
   vladimir, 
  d5 is trash desu, 
  no you cant, 
  learn to play adc, 
  that 's correct . 
  people who are bad at adc will continue whining and people who are good at adc will continue to do good . 
  if a poppy is outdamaging an ad carry the ad carry is playing like shit, 
  stop using memes as a fact it 's not very good at all, 
  they shoot again, 
  until they hit, 
  not surprising, 
  bf1 is a multiplayer game, 
  reported to the reddit admins . 
  enjoy life in prison , racist . 
  he does n't rule sweden, 
  i do n't understand what you people are trying to get ? 
  what if they have a king ?
