  the moment somebody buys a # 300 computer the perceived value would be not even half of that . 
  most people will absolutely think twice about spending an extra # 50 - # 100 on something , to them , only worth # 150 . 
  most will just buy a new cheap computer . 
  of course that 's not the same with # 1000 machines but those two groups do n't really overlap , that much . 
  those who can afford # 1000 + computers will know better than to give it to their cousin to fix . 
  they 'll just take it to the shop , extra # 50 be damned . 
  you do n't want to loose warranty on something like that , most people do n't . 
  when the screen , or something as important , breaks , tho , yes , majority will consider a new machine . 
  just look at phones . 
  many people just keep using theirs after the screen breaks , until they just get a new one . 
  the difference here would be that replacement phone screens are relatively easy to find and marginally cheaper than computer screens . 
  looking at the sticker price will simply make you wonder `` why should i pay twice the price just to have the screen installed by someone else , why ca n't i do it myself , instead ? '', 
   i 've bought `` chinese knock-off '' batteries for laptops , phones , etc , and they 've * almost * always worked perfectly . 
  ** almost ** is absolutely not good enough for something that can randomly set my pants ablaze and leave me naked in the middle of the street or even send me to the er with some severe burns . 
   why 60mph ? 
  why assuming no accelaraton and no deceleration and no refuelling etc because precise numbers are really not that relevant for the sake of my argument . 
  if you want to do the exact math , be my guest . 
  the point is that using a car the way you use your phone would significantly shorten it 's lifespan . 
  from years to days . 
  therefore makes the comparison pointless . 
   the entire argument here is that we should be able to do so with our phones are n't you ? 
  i think we 've already established that you 're free to do whatever you want with your device . 
  the difference here is that a pool requires maintenance otherwise it becomes unusable , your phones is designed to last a certain amount of time on it 's own . 
  the argument pretty much is only about batteries . 
  and it is a non-argument . 
  we 've had replaceable batteries in laptops since the beginning and there 's never really been a market for replacements . 
  not even manufacturers themselves produce them for very long and i 'm pretty sure it 's not because they 'd hate money . 
  people are just not interested . 
  it is annoying when it comes to phones , yes , but that does n't really matter either since devices with non-replaceable batteries are only a portion of the market . 
  oh and then there 's this beauty :  it 's not all about the hardware : the legislators also point out that many devices could be kept out of landfill if manufacturers were required to issue security updates for software for longer than they do now . 
  this is one of those things only someone who does n't understand software development in the slightest would say . 
  shit costs money , yo !!!, 
  developing software is not free . 
  you ca n't make someone spend money , just like that . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  yes , it should be mandatory but it is hardly enforceable . 
  no , it is not . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  you phone is on all the time . 
  even when it 's idle it 's still connected to the network , pulling data , receiving messages and calls , checking for signal , battery either either draining or recharging . 
  the only way to compare these would be to have the engine running 24/7 . 
   that 's 15 years not 107 days oh dear lord . 
  stop picking only the bits that suit you , you 're worse than trump . 
  it specifically says * the average life expectancy of a new vehicle these days is around 8 years or 150,000 miles * 150,000 miles running 24/7 is about 107 days , what do you not get about that ? 
  and if you want to talk about [ pools ] ( http://www.doityourself.com/stry/how-often-pool-filter-cartridges-should-be-replaced )  pool-filter cartridges can run for about 2,000 hours in a filter pump . 
  usually , filter cartridges have to be replaced once every 1-2 years . 
  again , pools are not comparable to phones , in any way . 
  and they do require regular maintenance , phones do n't , not like pools . 
  that sounds like a logistical nightmare , fucking upper management . 
  hence the `` plan ahead '' bit . 
  you think anyone actually cares about replaceable batteries ? 
  may sound like i 'm being a dick but it 's a serious question . 
  a tiny subset of us geeks cares but nobody else does . 
  by the time you need to replace the battery majority of people just buy a new phone . 
  how many people actually know how to or are even willing to replace a car battery ? 
  hard drives ? 
  most of those are still pretty easy to replace yet most people could n't care less . 
  edit : i do actually have a few phones from 2014 with replaceable batteries , here . 
  all you can find nowadays are cheap chinese knock-off batteries , no way i 'm buying those . 
  not a car person , please forgive me , but according to [ this ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/id/12040753/ns/business-consumer_news/t/whats-life-expectancy-my-car/ ) * average life expectancy of a new vehicle these days is around 150,000 miles * running 24/7 with a speed limit of 60 mph that 's 1400 miles per day . 
  that makes a life expectancy of an average car running 24/7 about 107 days . 
  you may be right about the fridge and the tv although i would n't say they 're exactly comparable . 
  i 'm talking about wear and tear . 
  like having your shoes on all the time . 
  no idea why you 'd compare a modern smartphone with a swimming pool , tho . 
  that is the exact opposite of progress . 
  that 's probably the most literal definition of `` people want faster horses '' . 
  so ... what you 're saying is that everyone else is wrong ? 
  you have options , you know ? 
  donuts come in all sorts of different shapes and sizes , with various fillings and toppings . 
  why is it such a big deal that a bakery across town makes and sells a kind of donuts you do n't like ? 
  or does it irk you that people do actually like them but you do n't ? 
   arbitrarily decided that my iphone 3 was too old software development and maintenance costs money , how do people not get this ? 
  edit : not to mention whatsapp is a free service . 
  i 'm sorry , whoever replied to this comment . 
  i hate the official reddit app , so much . 
  did n't even know i could delete a reply . 
  we 're not really there , yet . 
  the phone performance , more or less , still pretty much doubles , every generation . 
  it 's not that your old phone is , all of the sudden , 2x slower , than it used to be . 
  it 's that the new one is twice as fast . 
  also , some people do n't really use their phones as much as others but plenty use them pretty much 24/7 . 
  that is 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , always on , for 2 + years . 
  i honestly ca n't think of anything else that gets as much use as my phone . 
  i own several pairs of pants and i still need to replace them every six months . 
  same with shoes , shirts ... 
  that is not really planed obsolescence , just companies being too cheap to invest into proper engineering and r&d . 
  sadly , this is not the case , at all . 
  software development costs a lot of money , to start with . 
  if there 's no return of investment , it simply does n't make any sense to invest in it , in the first place . 
  the only way to make any money off this is to sell new hardware . 
  if you do n't like that all you need to do is to plan ahead , buy the right device , and then flash the roms , that may , or may not be , available for free , yourself . 
  yes , consumerism is not amazing but people going hungry and homeless because others expect them to work for free is much worse . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't really understand what you 're trying to say . 
  let me give you an example . 
  the latest craze in london is staropramen ( beats me ) . 
  there are eight different kinds of beer in the brewery lineup , in prague . 
  this one appears to be fairly similar to their 5 % lager but it is not really being marketed the same way , which makes me thing it is a similar product , adjusted to the english market . 
  it definitely does n't taste the same but beer recipes change all the time so this might be purely subjective . 
  in some places you can also find their unfiltered variety .
