  it is definitely a pretty bad deal when you compare the two  what the uk is offering eu citizens ? 
  all eu nationals lawfully resident for at least five years will be able to apply for `` settled status '' and be able to bring over spouses and children . 
  those granted settled status will be able to live , work , study and claim benefits just as they can now eu nationals in the uk for less than five years will be able to continue living and working in the uk once resident for five years , they will be able to apply for settled status those arriving after an as yet confirmed cut-off point will be able to stay temporarily in order to `` regularise their status '' but with no guarantees eu citizens who are already permanent residents will need to re-apply british courts will have jurisdiction over enforcing rights in full : safeguarding the position of eu citizens  what is the eu offering uk citizens ? 
  all british citizens lawfully resident in the eu at the time of brexit will be able to stay , even if they do n't have residency documents their existing rights , and those of family members , will be fully protected during their lifetimes british citizens will receive equal treatment , enforceable by the european court of justice existing rules on access to benefits , healthcare and education will be protected students will be able to work after graduating without having to comply with third-country immigration laws taking away people 's rights is a very wrong way to go and it goes to show how much may cares about the people , in general . 
  you 're not good at negotiating , are you ? 
  yes , and theresa may should be the one to lead by example . 
  alright then , buddy . 
  whatever you say . 
  am i , now ? 
  i offered help . 
  all you 're saying is `` fuck you , you can help yourself '' . 
  well , good thing i do n't owe you anything , then , is n't it ? 
   they will have to develop the nation themselves is way too far away from  giving me the tools to develop is what i first suggested and please show me where i `` did n't seem to like it '' . 
  i never specifically mentioned money . 
  i said we * are * the ones with money therefore are obliged to help . 
   edit : i will try to help you , tho . 
  if you give me more details i 'll be more than happy to help you with money management , job hunt , apartment hunt etc. 
  give a man a fish ... right ? 
  maybe so . 
  you 're definitely not one of them . 
  i just offered you help , what 's wrong with you ? 
  you tell me you 're in need yet try to , repeatedly , stop me from helping people who are much worse off than you because `` you need it more '' ? 
  even though you have a fucking computer while those people maybe share a goat and a pair of shoes , both left . 
  is `` starving capitalist '' a thing ? 
  because you are one . 
  and yet you 're wasting your time here , arguing with me . 
  you obviously have a computer , which means you have access to electricity , internet , most likely , running water and plumbing , probably sleeping in a bed with a roof over your head , too . 
  how long would a few hundred pounds sustain you for ? 
  a week ? 
  two ? 
  maybe a month ? 
  i could give you a few hundred for a few weeks or i could give it to a family of six somewhere in africa to live off of for months . 
  which one do you think i should choose ? 
  edit : i will try to help you , tho . 
  if you give me more details i 'll be more than happy to help you with money management , job hunt , apartment hunt etc. 
  give a man a fish ... right ? 
  you 're the kind of guy who in a every zombie movie refuses to let others into his cellar/bunker/car / hideout , because he ca n't help but to only think oh himself , only to be devoured moments later , from the inside . 
  that might have something to do with your user name ... 
  umm ... jeff ? 
  sorry , was n't sure whether to go with `` pile of shit '' or `` extremism finds a way '' . 
  also , that was before you turned your one-sentence sarcasm into an elaborate well-thought-out essay . 
  that is one big pile of shit . 
  we 're the ones with the fucking money . 
  we either help them , or they help themselves , by coming over here . 
  because once they 've integrated the only distinguishing feature is their appearance , and we do n't like people who look different than us ? 
  you misspelled `` the aryan race '' there , a little bit ... 
  sure , one of the highest living standards in the world but the foreigners totally ruined it . 
  i wish we could all be in as shit place as sweden is ... 
  really ? 
  because not even the uk takes him seriously , anymore . 
  i mean ... talk about a guy not being taken seriously by the guys nobody takes seriously !, 
  the leader not a leader . 
  it 's ok , come to britain . 
  we can always use more populists . 
  just sayin ' canada 's pretty awesome , nowadays . 
  us and uk on the other hand ... 
  not that part . 
  i just do n't find canada that laughable , nowadays . 
  definitely much better place than the uk . 
  and the rest of the world laughs at you . 
  i 'm sorry , who laughs at canada , again ? 
   those two sentences contradict each other . 
  how ? 
  i 'm not talking about `` oh no , my phone is dead , '' failure , i 'm talking about `` oh fuck , my house is on fire '' failure . 
  when it comes to potentially dangerous products , you should definitely not even be able to find one that does n't adhere to all the right safety regulations and standards . 
  there 's a reason certain batteries are not allowed on planes and in mail !!!, 
   that whole argument is about choice no , the argument is nonsense mumbo jumbo . 
  you already have the choice and nobody is stoping you from fixing your devices yourself or taking them to an unauthorised repair shop . 
  it 's basically saying that the company should be required by law to provide guides and spare parts to anyone . 
  they already offer the service and will provide the parts and labour necessary . 
  you also have the option to have it done much cheaper from an unauthorised shop with lower quality parts . 
  nobody can tell the big guys how much to charge for these parts so what would happen would be the corner shops having to charge significantly more for the same repair people choose mainly for the price , because of the parts . 
  yes , choice is important ; good choice . 
  instead of having a meal at a restaurant buying ingredients and cooking yourself . 
  not instead of eating out making the restaurant to provide you with the ingredients and the recipe to cook the exact same meal and still complaining that it 's not really cheaper than eating out . 
  edit :  the lawmakers want national governments around the eu to provide incentives to manufacturers to design more durable and repairable products , something they hope will boost second-hand sales and create jobs in europe repairing older devices . 
  also , i might be wrong , but this in not very clear on whether we 're talking about domestic or international manufacturers since none of these devices are ever manufactured in europe . 
  exactly , the point is , no matter what brand , batteries fail . 
  which is why it 's not a good idea to buy them from just any random company . 
  especially with expensive devices . 
  if you think about it it absolutely makes sense to pay a little more for apple to install their , genuine , battery themselves , for you , and then be completely covered , just in case anything happens . 
  or are you really that desperate to save a twenty or so on something like this ? 
  just to add some math : a quick search on aliexpress for iphone 6 plus batteries gives me way too many options ranging from # 8 to # 20 ( which one do i buy ? 
  do i buy cheaper or more expensive ? 
  which brand ? 
  is it safe ? 
  does it come with all the parts i need ? 
  how long will it take ? ), 
  let 's assume you can find a decent battery for # 10 with all the parts . 
  it might take 14 days to arrive from china , if you 're lucky . 
  let 's say you spend two hours installing it , i value my time at , at least , # 15ph . 
  to me , i 've just wasted , at least , two weeks on something that could 've been taken care of in an afternoon , just to save # 40 . 
  and i 'm getting an inferior product and no coverage . 
   everybody that i know , that owns a car . 
  how 's your anecdotal evidence better than my anecdotal evidence ? 
  almost 70 % of my friends are vegetarian/vegan , does that make everyone a vegan , now ? 
   you know people that would `` toss '' a laptop/computer because the hard drive broke ? 
  no , most people will never do it themselves , exactly like you said . 
  if something crucial breaks , they take it to the shop in which case , what does it matter how easy it is to fix if they 're gon na ask a professional to do it for them , anyway ? 
  and yes , when it comes to computers , it is mainly about perceived value .
