  well not directly , just there is a deep seethed grudge against russia where every generation gets to hear how bad they are . 
  and yea you are probably correct that the dictatorship is the most likely primary reason behind the dislike . 
  we are still not over poltava and losing finland . 
  we hold grudges for a long time . 
  hell no , we need \u00c5land for cheap alcohol . 
  well that would n't be an issue if it was properly swedish and not half swedish now would it ? 
  you know that would just end up starting a war . 
  depends where you live . 
  certain parts have no sun at all right now . 
  it sounds like they are integrating well !, 
  they just need the vodka and they are pretty much fins already !, 
  we swedes go to denmark or germany to buy swedish alcohol ( among others ) . 
  and of course the tax free ferry . 
  when it comes to individual cases like this does n't it all depend on the public outcry ? 
  if the masses wants blood the paper will just fire the reporter but if no one makes a fuss about it they simply sweep it under the rug . 
  is n't the hq in sweden though ? 
  so even though it is n't the state church any more it would still be considered '' foreign investment '' in other countries and thus banned under the above mentioned system . 
  would n't be much of an issue in sweden though , catholicism is nearly non-existant here . 
  church of sweden is a national thing so it is n't that much of an issue . 
  bigger would be the problem for church of sweden outside of sweden . 
  like in finland or russia . 
  also being able to satisfy costumers is an actual requirement if you do in house work . 
  if someone is fucking some whore on the streets they probably do n't care how much they enjoy it . 
  what i meant by '' this includes taking refugees '' is that we should distance us from that as well . 
  we should distance ourselves from this . 
  this includes taking in refugees . 
  we should however send volunteers to aid as un workers in refugee camps closer to the crisis . 
  colonies introduced schools , churces/missionaries ( basically the only way for masses to even get basic healthcare in old times ) and good trade . 
  not every colony turned into a slaver market . 
   absolutely . 
  removing is will create a power vacuum , easy , do n't remove the syrian regime . 
  let them regain control over their country . 
  this whole shit started because me got destabilized due to profit seeking companies . 
  the problem with that libya , is that you do n't share a land border with europe . 
  many of those immigrants would n't reach europe but die in the sea . 
   swedish christians actually no . 
  they are christians from iraq . 
  well . 
  morals have never been our strong side . 
  here in sweden you have equal amount of leave from work between both parents . 
  the only thing that works against the female is that she has to go on leave before the birth as well , but that ca n't really be avoided nor can it reasonably be equalized on the male part either . 
   but once they hit 30 the roles are reversed with a vengeance ... 
  but that is the 1985s generation ... of course the gender gap wo n't move that much once your that late in your career advancement . 
  once the 1995 's women hit 30 you think they would accept such a low advancement ? 
  if anything the gender gap will widen in the opposite direction . 
  actually there is studies that has shown his statement to be correct . 
  it is n't by a significant amount at all so it is n't that meaningful though . 
  also higher iq is only the most important aspect until roughly 115 iq at that point ambition and motivation is more important . 
  yes it is like that now . 
  but how will it be when those women hits 30 ? 
  i doubt they would be happy if their pay did n't advance that much . 
   but in most western european countries that is largely a matter of personal preference . 
  they can afford daycare etc. , they just prefer to take care of their children themselves . 
  not that i blame them , but it 's their choice . 
  also in most countries the leave for the mother is a bit longer than it is for the father . 
  not really , it is just a political gesture in hope of gaining some goodwill before the signing . 
  danskj\u00e4vlar is the plural form of danskj\u00e4vel . 
  if there is bias for anyone it is sweden . 
  highest nobel prize per capita except iceland , though that got more to do with their very low population since they only got 1 . 
  since it seems like it has n't been posted yet . 
  we could be forced into a situation where we would be the aggressors also our influence would be lower . 
  we do n't need an eu army , just everyone needs to spend a bit more on the defence budget and have joint eu military cooperation . 
  then maybe russia should n't create tension in the first place . 
  and that is why sweden is against further centralising the eu , because sweden only got roughly 9 1/2 million people so our influence would be quite small . 
  and as u/platshallare123 said , to have an efficient and effective force not everyone country can be treated with equal importance . 
  alliances is in place for that . 
  but civil war and domestic issues with countries not in any way affiliated with my country ? 
  no , stay out of that shit . 
  i think a start would to stop giving a shit about someones skin colour . 
  controversial artists will make controversial art . 
  and that is fine . 
  some people find some of his stuff fun , other 's do n't . 
  and that is fine . 
  because sweden is on the scandinavian peninsula . 
  or part of the nordic region . 
  it does n't snow that much in sweden , though snow in june happens occasionally . 
  sounds like a chilly summer evening in june . 
  lovely weather . 
  you are obviously not swedish , talking about weather has become an art here . 
  no , just apartments . 
  democracy is more than free elections though . 
  if people are being detained for their opinions it is not an democracy . 
  as someone with friends living in stockholm they keep trying to tell me it is completely normal as well . 
   you ca n't really look at the scene unravelling too well when you 're reading a text that takes longer than the cut . 
  it becomes second nature to read it after a while , most of the time you wo n't even think about it . 
  to defend something you bring arguments as to why it is n't trash . 
  you simply said you liked dubbed over subbed . 
  yea it is/was around that age things stopped being dubbed here in sweden . 
  also it was n't that uncommon that there would be two different versions in the cinema , both subbed and dubbed . 
  but finnish people got pretty good english and italian/french/spanish is much closer related to english than finnish is to english . 
  yes , it becomes second nature . 
  even though i got good enough english to simply ignore the subs i still read them . 
  i do n't pay that much attention to them though . 
  only if you export . 
  no business would leave before the details of the new treaties are known though . 
  especially since pretty much everything operates the same as usual . 
  of course it grew , it is part of the western trading sphere and they are still part of the single market !, 
  the dip will come if they without signing on the eea . 
  jesus is the 2nd most important prophet in islam so i doubt they sidelined him . 
  the problem is n't about want to work less , it is there wo n't be much of a choice to work less .
