  especially the greens . 
  do you not think child birth could be a factor in the employment gap ? 
  no , they will just go on maternity leave but still be employed . 
  what kind of barbaric company would sack a woman because she became pregnant ? 
  science prizes is fine , they can be objective about it . 
  you ca n't really be objective when judging a piece of literature . 
  well after all , if sweden wins it then technically eastern sweden wins it as well !, 
  now let 's look per capita ... 
  the committee for the literature price should be from the countries ( and some others ) where the nominated works comes from . 
  of course swedish people is going to favour swedish writing since they are very well versed in that style . 
  just look at the all time greats list that some highly reputed academies and magazines put out , they all favour their culture/language over foreign stuff . 
  simply because they know it better and those have an easier time spotting quality . 
  they banned the whistleblower . 
  if everything looks ok it got ta be ok right ? 
  tbf , this one looks more like they got into an argument that went way overboard . 
  and how many more millions lives in france than in isreal ? 
  roughly ~ 8 times the people right ? 
  tool shops , i use a knife like that in my fishing cabin to chop wood . 
  is n't that the same as leaving nato ? 
  and return to coal power that poisons the air much more * now * ? 
  also waste from old nuclear power plants can be reused by up to 90 % by a modern nuclear power plant . 
  on top of that just because it is waste now does n't mean it is waste in 20-30 years . 
  are you just acting that stupid because you are a troll ? 
  they blame the ottoman empire for their atrocities and then blame their successor , turkey , for denying it has happened . 
   when he says he wo n't pursue reparations and drop their claim on current turkish lands i would support the official recognition of the armenian genocide . 
  that is just a silly sentiment . 
  turkey denies genocide on people that has no claims on turkish land . 
  also returning land typically only happens in either peace treaties or trade , and neither of thus things would occur for accepting the damn truth . 
  if you simply gave back land because you accepted that you wronged people living their the world map would look way different . 
  northern sweden , finland , norway and north western russia would be ceded to the sami . 
  native americans would get large amounts of usa . 
  china would be a huge damn mess . 
  pretty sure they have free movement with eu since they are part of the common market . 
  and then they have even older trade agreements with the nordic countries containing free movement . 
  free movement is part of the open market . 
  you ca n't get one without the other . 
  uk ca n't go without the open market without some major reforms ( and hell a lot higher taxes ) . 
  also how is business travels or science collaboration not work ? 
  twitter accounts run by the foreign ministry . 
  the danes are speech impaired , they need the support . 
  well they will just sign deals to get it all again . 
  except they ca n't influence the eu that much anymore and it will be more costly than it is being in the eu . 
  is n't that the usual thing ? 
  except it is nato and russia this time and not sweden and russia . 
  turkey is still in europe so it is in the same sphere of influence . 
  but india ? 
  china ? 
  or south america ? 
  too far away for most media to cover . 
  if they gave the same extensive coverage for places far away as well i am pretty sure there would be more reactions as well . 
  it just is n't reported nearly as much unless it something really bad . 
  which is fine imo . 
  and joining schengen would probably be a good thing for them . 
  though the special deals with the rest of the nordic countries predates the schengen though . 
  not if the fire got a chance to spread to my house as well . 
  of course we are not laughing , would you laugh if your neighbour set their house on fire ? 
  europeans countries always got hateboners for other countries , and it is a fact english food is bad . 
  was n't that in the papers for about 4 years about how shit we handled it . 
  norway is a nato nation , that should at least mean allowed use of airspace . 
  and then you have to redo all the trade deals with eu and guess what will be a core part of that trade deal ? 
  freedom of movement . 
  either yourself against nearly all nearby trading partners or accept the deal which at that point the uk will be worse off than what they are just staying a member . 
  well tbf this government will probably be in the history books for clowning around rather than making any big changes of anything . 
  is n't that tomorrow ? 
  i do n't know how people like erdogan thinks . 
  was a perfectly secular society that was going in a great direction , just a few steps away from being to join the eu . 
  they have given up on joining the eu i think , which is why they have moved towards islam instead . 
  actually we entered an economical upswing recently . 
  still does n't change the fact that we spend far too much money on this because we closed the borders a bit to late and because we had an government that was essentially in lock down while it worked out some stuff . 
  the best qualified in fields that have a lot of english speakers . 
  it is an example where swedish skills not completely necessary . 
  language teachers is another . 
  engineers within most engineering fields is also fine . 
  the problem is that it is n't that easy to verify identity and validity of these claims . 
  twice . 
  one of the bookcases thrice since it was n't mine originally , do n't know if it had been moved more before i bought it though . 
  in my current room there is 2 bookcases , an wardrobe and a bed that is all 10 year + . 
  the bookcases being 20 year + . 
  government had it coming when they attempted to tax 80 % . 
  and it is completely legally done . 
  you are absolutely clueless if you call sweden ex-commie . 
  anecdote time : a family of refugees was set to spend the winter half year in a luxury hotel . 
  though it is n't open during winter because the only way to reach during winter is trough helicopter . 
  and there is no sun for about 2 months . 
  i like to think that the family high tailed out of sweden as soon as they where able to leave the hotel '' thinking , damn these swedes are crazy for living in this land '' . 
  yeah people tend to forget that democracy has been in a thing here in europe for more than a few thousand years now , at least as a concept . 
  elected most of the time . 
  sometimes it was by force or by inheritance though . 
  elective monarchies as well . 
  parlaments and senators . 
  democracy is a fundamental concept here in the west even if it has not always been in use on a large in certain countries and eras . 
  it is n't islam though . 
  it is the culture . 
  it is how they are raised . 
  an arabian christian will have more in common with an arabian muslim than a central european christian simply because of the shared culture . 
  well . 
  depends on what country you are looking at . 
  plenty of christians in me that is pretty savage as well . 
  it is complicated , west certainly have not been a positive force most of the time in me . 
  but yeah , religious fighting needs to stop .
