  if people really wanted to paint sweden in a bad light it would be better to just point towards gang violence but it is mostly glossed over because they tend to avoid causing problems for the general populace . 
  ( football huligans , extreme left parties and extreme right parties and mc gangs ) . 
  this is not an accurate description though , pretty tired and cba to actually look for articles since they would be a hassle to find . 
  if you want to know more uppdrag granskning is a good place to start . 
  he did n't have much power if he got arrested though . 
  gangs have always been a thing , hell it is much better now than during the 90s when it comes to gangs . 
  * police made an arrest . 
  * the guy 's companions did n't like that . 
  * they responded with throwing stones and burning cars . 
  so my guess is that some gang leader or similar got arrested . 
  last election they cooperated in order to shut out the far right conservative sd from any kind of influence . 
  in doing so roughly 44 % of all voters got betrayed because the parties they voted on did n't act as an opposition and let a minority government take the lead . 
  ha , suck it danes . 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  at least we can understand each other , our brothers down south got ta have hit their heads somewhere along the way . 
  you know that usa is still less densely populated than sweden right ? 
  yet rural areas here in sweden got way cheaper and better internet services than rural usa ( better than some urban areas even ) . 
  well of course you can compare rape stats , but you got ta make sure the definition of rape is the same . 
  also keep in mind that there is n't any social stigma for a rape victim in sweden so they are more likely to report it in the first place than other countries . 
  we do care , cause russia is an aggressive neighbour and trump seems to be moving towards russia rather than eu . 
  economically his decisions affects everyone and so does his retarded environmental attitude . 
  also he is comedy gold . 
  cold , dark , does n't use oil or gas roughly 90 % of the country is powered by hydro and nuclear . 
  actually the crime is trending downwards , especially compared to the 90s and early 00s . 
  traffic accidents is not common at all in sweden , especially not hitting someone or dying yourself . 
  the most common way to die in a accident in sweden is drive into a moose . 
  we tried some years ago , our neighbours were n't too happy with it . 
  pff weaklings , if you do n't go out bath in ice water a few times a year you have n't lived life yet . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjg7tyaix7a - school excursion . 
  but you can buy guns here in sweden though !, 
  we never have had a school shooting though . 
  co2 emission is n't dirty unless it is from fossil sources , if it is from biomass it is neutral . 
  winters are cold and dark . 
  but since since pretty much every bit of electricity comes from nuclear and hydro power it is fine . 
  also gas is not really that popular in sweden either . 
  that is n't really an issue in europe though . 
  technically , fenno-swedish . 
  which means you can probably consider them finnish if they live in finland and swedish if they live in sweden . 
  i remember those books and tv show . 
  so terrifying and yet so intriguing . 
  s\u00e5 invaderar vi r/europe nu ? 
  impossible , no fog and no rain . 
  that is reasonable , it is yours after all . 
  but what about the regions that is n't yours , like crimea ? 
  also rivers are used for cooling and many large rivers are also used as natural borders . 
  and was built in a geological bad position . 
  tsunamis and earthquakes is a non-issue for most of europe . 
  '' danish is just swedish but spoken with a potato in their mouth while drunk '', 
   but ask the swedes about their dealings with the nazis . . we had dealings with the allies too !, 
  and sent help to you guys in finland !, 
  hence they . 
  at least they reunited the empire for us . 
  democracy is more than an election . 
  they should talk with the people , get them used to the idea . 
  draft up new laws that ensures a somewhat fair election . 
  if they just did the switch in an instant the most likely outcome would be that it would n't take long before it turned into a dictatorship again except this time it could be a way worse guy leading them . 
  haste makes waste . 
  it is n't like we should close the door because he is a dictator , if he moves towards democracy i would n't mind if eu was in talks with him . 
  open to ? 
  sure if he moves towards democracy . 
  it does n't need to be immediately , just make sure there is an election ( a fair one ) in a decade or so . 
  haste makes waste . 
  the death penalty is a concern as well . 
  tbf we have put non memes on r/all as well . 
  go read up on some history lessons , i will leave it at that . 
  but finland is not orthodox ? 
  they are protestants ( church of sweden ) right ? 
  but other parts of europe is orthodox . 
  pretty sure the russian people got a lot of orthodox christian values . 
  i guess the nordic countries should just go and create their own union . 
  idk that simply the message i got from the picture . 
  trump is pretty bad but he has n't infringed on american liberty yet at least . 
  well it seems it is time for swedish empire 2 : electric bugaloo . 
  * trump killed liberty in usa * proclaiming them to be first . 
  * asking who is next . 
  i do n't like or support in any amount but that one might have been a bit too much for a cover . 
  though it got good satirical value . 
  the media is allowed to do whatever they want , the government does n't control it . 
  ( except technically the ones that is owned by the state like the tv channel svt but they are not the worst offenders by far ) . 
  the whitewashing of immigrant criminals was done mostly by the major ( and sensationalist and generally distrusted ) aftonbladet ( also known as '' the evening whore '' due it 's history of being utterly crap ) where they could sell quite a lot of copies simply labelling anything anti immigration as racist . 
  afaik the tides have turned now and it is all about criticising that stuff now . 
  the cops are beyond fucked up due to an incompetent guy being in charge of it . 
  also that guy is the main reason why the migrant crisis became out of hand in the first place . 
  overall we will be fine though , border controls are in place now and most that comes here gets rejected . 
  why do you embarrass yourself like that ? 
  it really wo n't . 
  but he still speaks for all of usa . 
  you guys really need to change that election system . 
   but untrustworthy actually does n't belong in that mix . 
  he says was he intends to do , and then he does it . 
  yea like how he did n't invade ukraine . 
  you know sweden did send a shit ton of volunteers to the finish winter war , military personnel on paid leave with uniforms and stuff included right ? 
  and to say that russia do n't want gotland is just dishonesty . 
  also there is a bad precedent of russia not respecting their neighbours sovereign territory so why should we trust them ? 
  well none of them where legally binding , more like a poll to see where the people stand . 
  i do n't think any names have ever been mentioned , nor have they spoken . 
  it is still a gameshow in sweden . 
  i know quite a few fenno-swedes but that jumble of letters looks exactly like the finnish jumble of letters . 
  https://www.energimyndigheten.se/globalassets/statistik/overgripande-rapporter/energy-in-sweden-till-webben.pdf mostly biomass . 
  bacon is always nice but i do n't want to get sick from danish bacon .
