  pretty sure they would n't , the swedish culture and mindset is pretty different from middle east or any non-nordic country . 
  well , they might or might not be subhuman , more studies are required first . 
  it stopped obsolete when russia invaded georgia . 
  after the crimean invasion it has never been more relevant since the cold war . 
   and is no longer required . 
  why is it not required anymore ? 
  last time i checked russia has not stopped it 's bullying ways . 
  article 5 has been invoked once since nato was made . 
  by usa . 
  with strong ties to europe usa got a lot of influence in the european countries , the benefits outweighs the deficit since there is a very low chance for combat . 
  before that that is n't that much neutral either . 
  we gave paid leave to a decent chunk of our army during wwii so they could have a vacation in finland . 
  with swedish gear and rations of course . 
  in wwi we where supposed to be neutral but we rooted german telegraphs trough our country anyway . 
  tbf , our neutrality has been flimsy at best . 
  the stuff that is cheaper than the norwegian stuff . 
  pretty sure everyone who lives a few hours away from copenhagen buys alcohol in copenhagen . 
   finland : alko  relatively low consumption of alcohol . 
  choose one . 
  you misunderstand me , i am not defending the colonialism that happened in the past . 
  all i am saying is that if it was done differently with regulations and checks it could potentially be a very good thing for education/infrastructure/environment and so on . 
  it is a pretty unrealistic solution on today 's problems and even thinking about seriously debating it would be a waste of time and resources . 
  well technically there is finland so it probably just dropped by another 5 % . 
  oh yea i know that , i just think it is n't democratic that someone who was * not * elected will be the one who is handling this . 
  but she probably does n't want to be on the supreme courts bad side . 
  theresa may why do you want to bring ruin to your own country and partially to the rest of your neighbours ? 
  how did this bitch end up leading the country anyway ? 
  feels so undemocratic , people voted because they wanted cameron and the referendum , not for may and her clownery . 
  and without colonialism they would n't have schools or missionaries ( about the only place of healing open to public ) . 
  if we talk about it as a concept it is n't bad , just it would need to be regulated to avoid exploitation and human rights violations . 
  but it is certainly a valid path to take if we ( as in the whole world ) wanted to improve 3rd world countries . 
  hey it me , your neighbour sweden , want to move in again ? 
  it is because they are doing just that . 
  it is essentially swedish with a potato in their mouth , sometimes while also drunk . 
  because every subreddit of reddit is full of degenerates of course . 
  can you blame us ? 
  they declared war on us , together with russia and denmark !, 
  and before that it was that bastard sigismund causing problem !, 
  because an article was written saying that 6 chinese silicon dolls had been sold to malm\u00f6 , most people probably just googled wtf that is . 
  i think the silicone sex doll bit is comming from an article reporting that 6 chinese silicone sex dolls was sold to malm\u00f6 and it kinda hit big with the degenerates of r/sweden . 
  at least it is better than poland and their minecraft porn ... 
  you are in the process of leaving does n't mean much , the referendum means even less . 
   you can do what you like and move to a full federation immediately . 
  which would cause the nordic countries to instantly back out , things are not going that fast . 
  did n't they also say that they would stay in the single market but not have free of movement ? 
  the amount of people that voted on that thing is far to low for it to be binding in my opinion . 
  well the uk refuses to allow freedom of movement which means either you leave completely or you stay in the eu . 
  there is n't anything to negotiate until after brexit happens because the uk will not take the third option . 
  expensive as balls though . 
  jealously is unbecoming , make sure you do n't overuse those lip balms !, 
  it is n't hatred , we like to complain but we actually freaking love our country . 
  it is kinda like a humble brag actually , also sweden is like 4th or 5th happiest country in the world . 
  we always complain , but when asked i still have n't met a swedish person able to point a country they think is better than sweden . 
  well , you got ta embrace that sweet nordic culture and lifestyle first . 
  well if they did elect a far right populist they probably would n't hold their term that long , though that goes for pretty much anyone there . 
  we got tricked !, 
  damn oil money . 
  rather we should make 250 metal bands per 1 million the requirement to be nordic and just kick denmark out . 
  they do exist , sweden was forced to hand them over to '' finland '' a century ago so the fishermen had a place to sleep and refuel . 
  because the only other country in europe not part of it is belarus , and that is because it is an open dictatorship . 
  she is basically preaching isolationism and authoritarianism . 
  ok , leaving eu is one thing and it all about economics , while not a good idea i still can see it . 
  but seriously , i would feel scared shitless as a citizen if my country wanted to leave echr . 
  except that poor black is stuck together inside ghettos but poor white and hispanic is more spread out . 
  this is true . 
  it is because there is loads of uneducated and poor people in usa thus leading to more unrest . 
  meanwhile sweden has 50 % nuclear consumption as well !, 
  sweden reigns supreme once again !, 
  3 parts to it i think . 
  first is that everyone grows gets told repeatedly how bad russians are , even my grandma who was 90 during the 90s grew up like that apparently . 
  i guess we are pretty good at holding grudges or something . 
  secondly there is a lot of talk about them invading and seizing gotland , and then there has been numerous transgressions where russia has breached our sovereign water/air . 
  most famously 1981 where a russian submarine went aground outside of blekinge , nearly sparking a war against them . 
  third point being the numerous transgressions russia has done , like georgia and crimea as well as violating human rights . 
  it surprised me that we swedes was more negative towards russia than you guys , though i expected us to be 2nd most after finland . 
  did not expect both denmark and the netherlands to dislike them even more . 
  we really do n't like russia and we never have . 
  occupying a part of ukraine ? 
  are you a neighbour to russia and hear about military exercises for invading your country ? 
  cause that is what many of russia 's neighbours hear . 
  brexit , even though it has n't even happened yet has cost the uk a lot in terms of stability . 
  trump is n't the president yet i think , just the president elect . 
  but the prospect of things that will happen does n't look promising . 
  that is the problem with you italian people !, 
  not enough guts to test out new things !, 
  a bit of kebab , sauce , garlic and pineapple on a pizza , and you have created a masterpiece !, 
  though some prefer the pineapple on the side of the pizza since the juice can make the pizza soggy . 
  or how about some glorious lutfisk !, 
  they will have to send a letter a week before sending out the inquisition . 
  originally it was a catholic saint who got burned in italy for witchcraft . 
  it ai n't lucia if there is n't a few heads on fire imo . 
  in finland ? 
  you kidding right , babys are born with a vodka bottle in their hands . 
  tbf , that is closer to the original . 
  pretty sure sweden - italy has been in a low key food war for a month now . 
  just put it on a pizza i would say . 
  child rapists do n't go to comfy low security prisons though , they go to the nasty ones . 
   which is legal in any normal country on this planet tbf , it has only been here in sweden for less than a week . 
  well they are part of europe . 
  they might not line up culturally with the rest of europe but they are still european .
