  if protestants and catholics can stop murdering each other then so can shia and sunni !, 
  yea , the idea that the west is causing all this problems needs to die , it just creates more resentment . 
  sure we in west might have started rolling the ball , and we might have given it a few pushes after that but ultimately it is the people that live in me that is rolling it . 
   housing has been a problem for at least a decade or so , with rising prices for both apartments and houses . 
  15-16 years i think . 
  it was in 2000 where the housing market saw some policy changes that just made it so expensive to build new houses that where not aimed at the wealthy . 
  you realise that arabian christians got more in common with arabian muslims than with european christians right ? 
  they are still arabian in the end . 
  tbh , among the refugees i have seen the christians from me was probably among the worst groups . 
  even less hostile islam education would be a great step in a good direction . 
  from what i have been told the me muslim schools are heavily influenced by wahabism . 
  it is their natural state . 
  you breathe all the time right ? 
  but you woni ' t have 60 words for it !, 
  at least they speak without having a potato in their mouth . 
  do n't worry , norway is our little brother . 
  it is just natural for the little brother to be shorter than big bro !, 
  ha , suck it danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  oh i know , i just saw that it was kinda unclear line between where tyskland and deutschland ended and like any good swede i wo n't miss a chance to say ` danskj\u00e4vlar ' . 
  does danskj\u00e4vlarna call germany tyskland or deutschland ? 
  scandinavia refers to the scandinavian peninsula containing the mountain chain named skanderna . 
  which is sweden/denmark/norway . 
  fennoscandia though refers to the region that is sweden/norway/finland . 
  but most commonly we refers to ourselves as nordic which is sweden/finland/iceland / norway/faroeislands/denmark . 
  just say nordic instead , it is what we prefer anyway . 
  ckii ? 
  does that mean sweden is disliked by the same metric ? 
  true , though there probably is enough in the major cities to give a few jobs to some lucky people . 
  and yes germany would be a jackpot but there is only so many teaching posts there as well . 
  yea , it is shit being a teacher in sweden at pretty much any level besides the highest , and then it is still worse than simply getting a job at some firm or lab . 
  no , stubborn idiots think that way , and they exist in both the left and the right wing . 
  if you posted that no one would really argue because it is pretty good proof . 
  and it is pretty correct , refugees are dragging down the average . 
  cause it is relatively easy to become a language instructor/teacher in the uk if your first language is not english . 
  a polish guy teaching polish in the uk is making big money compared to teaching back in poland . 
  well how many can be a primary school teacher and not be driven insane before they could be called experienced ? 
  the comparison to erdogan comes may suddenly talking about defending gibraltar , it is obvious someone will defend their when threatened but no one has even mentioned invading gibraltar . 
  yes , but we could still hire him as the professional political banter guy . 
   osama never visited sweden . 
  actually he did visit sweden as a kid with his family on vacation . 
  there is a photo out there somewhere . 
  kinda irrelevant since it predates his terrorist days by a decade or two though . 
  i am as anti-russian as it gets but that song was clearly politically loaded and aimed towards towards russia . 
  a song about deporting crimean tartars while russia is illegally occupying crimea is a pretty clear cut case . 
  technically england was a neighbour and we did n't invade them !, 
  mostly because it was the uk pushing for them to join the eu . 
  well i am quite happy not living inside a war machine though , and instead lives in one of the most modern and safe countries in the world . 
  would n't stormakt translate to great power better ? 
  yes , well it would be easier to point towards which neighbours we did n't invade during that era . 
  there was the [ grodno campaign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/campaign_of_grodno ) as well . 
  sweden back then was a real powerpackage despite it 's tiny size . 
  referenced wahhabism . 
  that was created roughly 150 years ago , before that sunni islam was not nearly as much anti-west and violent as it is today . 
  blame it on arabia , they are the promoters of that school . 
  so did islam !, 
  to bad it was the opposite way of christianity . 
  they did fall in line , the situation has drastically changed since the last referendum though . 
   i honestly think this is a betrayal of democracy , they took part , they voted and they lost . 
  one of the guarantees that the uk gave scotland is to remain in the eu . 
  brexit happened so that is n't possible anymore , so a second referendum is indeed reasonable to have . 
  one of the guarantees scotland got for staying in the uk was the uk staying in eu . 
  brexit happened thus the referendum is void and why a new one is reasonable . 
  that just means that any deal is good and they will get shoehorned into something . 
  and we still are kinda , we are against further centralisation . 
  if a common army would be made it would most likely push us to leave . 
  this is unrelated to brexit though . 
  that is kinda what you get for leaving though . 
  do n't be mad at the eu for this clusterfuck , you guys it by that stupid vote . 
  also this simply means there will be new negotiations . 
  so losing access to eu services after leaving the eu is a petty threat ? 
  but officially they live and pay tax in in some place where they do n't actually pay tax . 
   t seems rather simplistic to try and shoehorn the british empire into either a good or bad box . 
  take any country that is old enough and you can pile up a tonne of atrocities if you want . 
  the peaceful sweden ? 
  massacred a lot of poles during the great northern war . 
  eastern sweden . 
  it is not nice to call him alcoholic like that . 
  yes , also translates into blessed in mandarin apparently . 
  this yet again confirms that sweden is better than those danes !, 
  there is a difference between showing interest in being drafted in times of need and actually volunteering . 
  also conscription is a short time deal mostly meant for training for future needs , volunteering is a long time gig . 
  think of it like this : imagine how bad it got ta be in the rest of the world if our kids playing a sandbox is geniuses in their trade . 
  lumpen is great though , teaches a lot of good skills . 
  really in favour of it . 
  the whole debate started with comparing usa and sweden though . 
   who will inevitably shoot his neighbor over an argument . 
  and why is an obviously mentally ill person not in a mental home ? 
  he is clearly not fit for society . 
  also , prison is a punishment in america , whereas it is just simply more effective as a rehabilitation facility to get people back into society . 
  make high school mandatory . 
  yea what is the point of sending in the national guard ? 
  sure it might be better in the short term but it will just create a huge ass amount of resentment . 
  focus on bringing up education , put mentally ill people in mental houses so they are not on the streets and freaking help people so they are falling down the cracks of society . 
  think of a major city in the us , how common is police shoot outs or the need for armed police to be involved ? 
  let 's include swat as well . 
  cause i am fairly sure it would way more common in a us city than stockholm . 
  agree , is n't this ground good enough to be thrown out of the nordic council ? 
  i think iceland is dangerously close to being excluded as a nordic country right about now it seems ,, 
  well there was one time a mc gang used a bazooka during a gang war . 
  shops was bombed as warnings and stuff like that , it was mostly centred around malm\u00f6 and g\u00f6teborg and there was n't that much disturbances for the normal innocent people though .
