m\u00f6ller is n't even swedish . 
  granted there is n't any common occupational surname here in sweden but i would think a soldier name would still fit better than m\u00f6ller . 
   we 'd go from being a low-value target to being a massive security risk we are any way , we got a naval base placed so if it was manned by enough men it would be a direct threat to st petersburg , which also happens to have the biggest swedish church outside of sweden so it is even culturally relevant to sweden . 
  besides if russia goes to war one if their biggest priorities would norway and guess who would be dragged in then ? 
  yes sweden would . 
  so yea the sweden would be one of the first places russia would invade . 
  crimea , and they are currently annexing half of ukraine would be more apt . 
  yea kinda fun , the only way joining nato would fuck them over would if they planned to invade . 
  actually they worked quite closely with the us and there was a secret defence pact signed . 
  nor is it the same in sweden . 
  well this will get amusing here in sweden when the january cold comes , bet they wished they picked one of thus countries then . 
  sweden and norway got open borders and free trade with each other despite norway not being part of eu . 
  scandinavia is named after skanderna , a mountain chain . 
  depends really , will they attack denmark ? 
  fine in that case . 
  you always where , eastern sweden . 
  yes , hunting rifles are decently common . 
  but guns are pretty rare and is pretty much only owned by the ones who does it for sport . 
  there is actually quite a lot of youth politics here in scandinavia . 
  except it was n't empty . 
  it has been going for a few decades already , it is starting cool of in the recent year . 
  yea they used heavier explosives than hand grenades . 
  they are pretty much correct though . 
  pff , they still mentions us in their national anthem due to the ass kicking we gave them !, 
  and we have n't been to war for 200 years yet that does n't stop us from disliking you danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  i have not said anything else , also in the era this chart was made they occupied a large part of eastern europe . 
  they lived on european land though . 
  they lived on european land though . 
  they where the hq for the orthodox church after byzantine fell . 
  in short all that greek love was taken to russia . 
  eating , ore , persistent , gruesome and i am pretty sure we die on the earth as well . 
  around that time i would n't directly the war virtue 's '' undaunted '' considering the caroleans where pretty much gone , and with them most of the zealousness as well . 
  probably early 18th century , or even late 17th century . 
  caroleans where insanely zealous and pretty much undaunted from anything . 
  after the fall of the swedish empire that was not seen again . 
  and the country was even filled with debauchery for a long time . 
  seen similar butter holding items in sweden . 
  i do n't know anyone who uses them for butter though . 
  considering that fins and balkan is still the 2 biggest immigration groups in sweden and rinkeby was an overambitious 70s build project it is how i created this conjecture . 
  do n't take it as a fact , just a probably accurate guess . 
  i remember that tifu . 
  also saw another one where the wife gave it away to her sister , not knowing it was her husbands . 
  then you trade for stuff with other stuff . 
  value on things is put by the people owning the things , not the government . 
  does that chair cost 20 [ futuremoney ] or is it similar in worth to these books ? 
  just trade !, 
  not legally , never stopped us before though . 
  malm\u00f6 have had a lot of organized crimes from bikers gangs , violent extreme parties and other kind of things . 
  they used fucking bazookas once during the 90s . 
  rinkeby was pretty desolate before immigrants also . 
  people did n't really want to live there before anyway . 
  the 10 % that lived there before the most recent immigrants probably where from balkan or finland themselves . 
  actually sweden is about to become one of the eu countries with the strictest immigration laws . 
  the car was pretty small and it is the only thing destroyed . 
  i would bet it is gang related . 
  no what i meant is that it is n't possible to have a sustainable life in sweden without swedish or being skilled in a specialized field . 
  sure there is exceptions though those are either seasonal ( work tourists and like hell you could live long term here with that abysmal pay ) or eastern european firms . 
  maybe not legally sure , but socially we totally could . 
  if someone does not speak swedish they are extremely unlikely to ever get a job , unless it is about programming , research or other specialized fields where good english would also be accepted . 
  while we do now adhere to the church of sweden ( or did , we do n't do that any longer either ) there is still some places with names from catholic times . 
  there is a stone formation in medelpad that contains some spring water . 
  local myth says st olof took a piss there , which is why the stone is now called st olof 's stone . 
  tbh , missing good alcohol is probably why he failed as an artist . 
  he had crazy part down , as he showed us , but the drunkness ? 
  they are also a member of nato so if they want to hit those ports it would be one reason to do it . 
  that is my point , the only threat sweden posses to russia is the naval base of gotland . 
  if that one properly manned and maintained it would pose a major threat to st.petersburg . 
  but if it was in russian hands it would pose a major threat to northern mainland europe instead . 
  but mainland sweden is only in danger if they want to invade norway . 
  were n't we just talking about who would win a straight up war with the assumption that the swedish army had a realistic way of actually get the troops and feed them ? 
  because if we take into logistic and other stuff there is not even a point to bring out the nk numbers and what they could do the swedish army . 
  it would n't be economically feasible to send an invasion force to nk , too far away . 
  so for the sake of this ridiculous conversation we should just assume they use sk military bases and supply . 
  russia and nk shares a border . 
  the only thing russia want from sweden is probably gotland . 
  the main reason to invade mainland sweden would be to reach norway but at that time they would already have invaded finland and alerted just about everyone in the west . 
  well i do n't see anything that nk that could handle gripen or the diesel-electric subs . 
  well unless you known of it prior to opening the can any sane person would just assume it was rotten fish . 
  denmark is part of scandinavia , finland is not . 
  i do n't know why denmark is included because they are sure as not close to skanderna . 
  fenno-scandinavia includes finland as well . 
  but i do n't see any vodka or knives ? 
  do n't you mean our ex-prime minister 's book from the 90s '' det sovande folket ( eng : the sleeping people ) '' ? 
  it 's cheap . 
  well if we called immigrants trash our impressive 99 % of recycled statistic would go down . 
  it is n't about immigrants . 
  we do import trash to fill our incinerators . 
  because we import trash ? 
  they are not wrong though , we do import a lot of trash . 
  because western part of turkey is in europe ? 
  well we do buy a lot of alcohol in denmark . 
  well of course models and celebrities is good looking , it is their job . 
  we should rather look at the average . 
  worst of the nordic countries ? 
  maybe . 
  but sure as hell better than central and eastern europe . 
  we actively import a lot of europe 's trash to fill our incinerators . 
  no , we import garbage to fill our incinerators . 
  not talking finland 's dislike for russia but rather when sweden lost finland to russia . 
  well tbf the swedes abused the blizzard prior to the battle of narva quite hard as well .
