  well then you simply have n't been bored enough yet . 
  do n't think the joke translates that well into danish . 
  but then again what * does * ? 
  at least i can be glad my country stopped selling weapons and such to saudi arabia . 
  nice hill you got there denmark . 
  that sounds awful , the food quality would probably take a downturn here if food quality was equalised . 
  : / also does ee have the economic capability and a market for higher quality food ? 
  should n't focus first be put on infrastructure so eastern europe can actually produce it without taking significant losses ? 
  we got ta send in sabaton . 
  tbh , i think they would do pretty good . 
  why ? 
  now the greeks can gloat over having more metal bands per 1 million people than turkey can !, 
  well in places like \u00c5nge kommun where corroded and takida is from there is basically 10 metal bands despite not even being 10k people . 
  do n't forget the icehockey on the frozen lakes . 
  varangian guard descendents . 
  unless there is 1 million citizens we are talking about , no it ca n't be . 
  fellow nordics , anyone below 250 metal bands per 1 million people should be thrown out of the nordic council . 
  yea , the other countries are moving in a good direction . 
  drug laws is n't even on the politic agenda here . 
  tastes like shit , but it gets us drunk during november/december . 
  the drug laws up here is pretty draconian in general , while the drug use is n't that high the amount of deaths from ods is still very high . 
  books , tv shows , gaming , coffee , alcohol . 
  that is how we handle the dark months . 
  pretty sure turkey wo n't stop being disliked as long as it moves towards fascism . 
  raml\u00f6sa instead of zeunerts julmust ? 
  sadly enough yes , they are garbage . 
  but this is n't high treason unless it comes that the ones that was responsible for this shit show colluded with russia or something . 
  which i doubt since this is probably just a massive amounts of incompetence . 
  it would probably even be hard to charge them for treason . 
  while the bombings did n't probably help his cause i do n't think gaddafi could have stayed on his throne for much longer either way . 
  unless he got active help from outside sources . 
  i do n't think kd and probably not even mp to survive . 
  getting rid of mp would be a step in the right direction though . 
  i mean , they did put eliasson in charge of the police . 
  no , but our security forces have a love for subterfuge in general historically . 
   the data breach exposed the names , photos and home addresses of millions of swedish citizen , but that is public information anyway , though not photos but with the prevalence of facebook that is pretty moot . 
  the other parts of that paragraph is included from what he said . 
  yes , it is simply protected identity . 
  which unfortunately also where on that server apparently . 
  the problem is that you ca n't be charged for treason if it is n't in wartimes . 
   the weight capacity of all roads as well as bridges is n't this public knowledge though ? 
  but yeah this is such a massive fuck up you ca n't even laugh at the idiots who thought this was a good idea . 
  though apparently the defence force have confirmed that no military secrets where leaked . 
  well tbf , there will be another american civil war sooner or later . 
  just as there will probably be more european wars sooner or later . 
  it is mediterranean , saharan , sub-saharan , tropical rain forests . 
  it is n't exactly that diverse compared to europe . 
  so people at r/earthporn likes frost , cold and ice ? 
  well at least the umbrella business is good over there . 
  bergen ? 
  eh sounds about right from my perspective . 
  breakfast ? 
  coffee or milk . 
  coffee . 
  lunch ? 
  milk . 
  coffee . 
  milk . 
  dinner ? 
  milk . 
  afternoon fika ? 
  milk . 
  what kinda of barbarian put milk into the coffee ? 
  the only thing that one should put into the coffee occasionally is whiskey . 
  except whiskey . 
  nah that is all black coffee . 
  if the spoon does n't get stuck in the coffee it is n't real coffee . 
  milk with vodka sounds about right . 
  0 chance in sweden ? 
  there is like a scale 3 earthquake every 4 years or so . 
  also it is n't as strategically important as say gotland would be . 
  if russia suddenly invaded and took that island i doubt germany and other baltic states would look the other way since that would pretty much give nearly all the control in the baltic sea to russia . 
  i can see the reasoning behind the change here in sweden . 
  disney definitely do not want associate the name '' moana '' to a children 's cartoon since it also happens to be slang for moaning here . 
  or take steps to stop being dependent on russian gas ? 
  well they want to separate a piece of land from ukraine , so yes they are separatists , but that does n't stop them from also being rebels and terrorists as well . 
  because the only true coffee is the coffee that is so strong that the spoon stands straight up if you put in the cup . 
  op 's swedish , was probably drunk as soon as he arrived at the first non-swedish liquor store . 
  yea but if the mob does n't lynch that guy to death he might subvert it and the actual guilty guy gets caught . 
  better to blame it on gods , demons or spirits since they ca n't defend themselves . 
  or the local minority group . 
  aftonbladet writes whatever the shit makes them money . 
  a few years ago that was labeling people even remotely for less immigration for racists , now it is somewhat anti immigration . 
  it is a garbage site , which is why i explained why i linked that site and not another one . 
  it is the popular '' news '' paper in sweden which means they always end up being the first hit on google when you search for news . 
  well it is in swedish . 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nojesbladet/musik/rockbjornen/article22165754.ab read it from another source before though , sadly enough ab always gets the top results on google and i ca n't be arsed spending that much time finding a better source . 
  it is cancelled because it is doing extremely poorly economically for the last 7 years . 
  makes sense , waiters and other service people should be paid chiefly from their wages . 
  tipping should be reserved for outstanding service . 
  well we are energy independent from russia as well . 
  heck sweden has been trying to block russia from building that new pipeline . 
  finland was allied to germany out of necessity because the allies would n't help them . 
  r/askeurope is a fraction of / r/europe 's size and this could very well have been about a pretty big attack . 
  i am really happy that finland managed to fend off the rus . 
  deplorable that the allies just ignored the whole thing . 
  how is it not on topic ? 
  the vma alarm just sounded in stockholm , i think it is n't odd if some english speaking guy in stockholm asks here on reddit why it rings . 
  and they wonder why they ca n't into nordics . 
  the majority of it is game discussion though , memes and jokes is a pretty minor part of the sub .
