  well then it should say the same for russia since they are part of europe as well . 
  there is a big difference between cities and rural areas , just that the poorest norwegian areas is still dark red . 
  they are essentially off the charts . 
  cause russia does n't share statistics often . 
  relevant satw : http://satwcomic.com/wealth-is-such-a-burden, 
  wait until the ice freeze again !, 
  why did you write alcoholic alcoholics ? 
  was just pointing out to everyone not nordic that the happiest bunch is the danish . 
  but doing that would admit sweden is only 4th happiest , which is why it became danskj\u00e4vlar instead . 
  the best ongoing example would probably be the eu-canada trade deal that belgium is holding back . 
  edited : i was kinda 50/50 if it was netherlands or belgium , was n't sure at all . 
  thanks u/hanhan-jabji for the correction !, 
  well they can make trade deals like any other country would do . 
  just they probably would n't be nearly as favourable as the single market would be . 
  basically there is 3 different relations you can have with the eu as an european country . 
  membership in the union 2 . 
  member of the eea where you got access to the singlemarket and got most of the rules of the eu but you are not part of the political stuff , it is mostly just economics . 
  no ties at all , basically relating with the eu as a non-european country would . 
  certain brexit politicians have implied that the uk can access to to the single market without being bound by certain things , like the freedom of movement . 
  which is completely false , freedom of movement is one of the cornerstones of the single market , you will not get access to one without getting the other one as well . 
  this is not negotiable , no matter how much the english politicians acts like it is . 
  it depends if your doctor is a horse or not . 
  but think of the icehockey , we could rule it for a hundred years together !, 
  we do n't build much , but the things we build looks nice !, 
  except the decade we wo n't talk about . 
  at this point i think they are just leaking stuff to take the piss out of this . 
  2018 , swedish election . 
  well 2014 was already the worst election since we created our current system so we probably wo n't be as bad . 
  then again the greens might win ... ( or rather they will probably get tossed out ) in that case r.i.p. 
  ban of snus , logging , saunas and favouring southern countries in general ? 
  yeah sign me up !, 
  was that a bit of jealousy i heard ? 
  it is fine !, 
  you can come here and eat whenever you want !, 
  usa is a pretty young country as well . 
  which is why the siberian unicorn went extinct roughly 30k years ago . 
  this will be the future map . 
  yea exactly , it ai n't got nothing on swedish coffee . 
  democracy is more than an election . 
  united states of europe would still work . 
  it is n't like usa is the only who uses that or something similar . 
  except sweden would still be in majority and both sweden and finland teaches swedish in the school so swedish would still be the dominant language . 
  do n't see it holding for long with those fuckwits in stockholm being in charge though . 
  this oppression does n't sound so bad at all !, 
  a few . 
  sarkozy probably says some good things twice a day . 
  '' this breakfast is delicious ! '', 
  and then '' carbon tax us goods '' . 
  usa is not democratic though , they are an oligarchy . 
  democracy is more than just an election . 
  if trump will hold anything true to his campaign america will certainly lose a lot of influence on the world stage simply because he is advocating isolationism . 
  as always , ca n't trust those danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  before we know it they will invite our government to a banquet in stockholm with a bath as the sideshow . 
  well yeah , kinda ? 
  i do n't mind if it is a different culture , or religion or anything like that but if the person was too religious or the culture would clash too much then it would n't work out . 
  also it does n't help that italians and swedish people do n't tend to agree when it comes to food . 
  did someone say white ? 
  there is sun outside today , scared i might get skin cancer . 
  same here . 
  i do n't care about race at all ( though i do think east asian women are pretty sexy ) but cultures and religion is pretty important . 
  anyone too religious or from a honour culture is a big no-no . 
  this is what i myself considered . 
  where have i said that ? 
  got heritage from sweden , norway , sami , northern germany and belgium . 
  eum , i am sorry but there is some pretty large differences between spanish , scandinavian and eastern european dna . 
  so not really '' pure '' at all . 
  yea but if you are n't used to the heat it will somewhat exhaust them even before the game starts . 
  eu does n't have that good of food standards really , they are trying to get sweden to lower theirs so it will become easier to sell cheap junk . 
  eh , i 'm sure we would still find it cheap . 
  honorary swedish citizenship awarded . 
  he is danish . 
  i rarely see anything about mao , and when i do it is either old chinese propaganda or disgust . 
  they had great looking uniforms , anyone with that great of a fashion sense ca n't be bad right ? 
  right ? 
  he simply stated that different people have different opinions of hitler . 
  some of them would be positive , others would be the regular dislike . 
  he never said which people had what opinions , just that it differed . 
  i do n't think soviet had enough people for lenin to compete with mao in that regard . 
  your welcome brother , ca n't really discriminate when you are facing such oppression like banning bread and coffee . 
  if the eu banned coffee sweden would probably have left the eu by the time of the next fikastund . 
  anti russian hysteria ? 
  they invaded a sovereign country is occupying foreign soil . 
  before that they invaded georgia . 
  and let 's not forget the atrocities that is happening in chechnya . 
  if anything i think that the outcry is far too small and is pretty delayed . 
  we are kinda eurosceptic actually . 
  we tend to be against further federalisation generally . 
  we just see the benefits of staying and the down sides of leaving thus we stay . 
  feels like there is a distinct lack of trees in the swedish area . 
  oh crap , we are fucked are n't we ? 
  oh yeah that is true , we also invented a new torture method during that time called schwedentrunk . 
  oh is that why russia funding various anti eu right wing parties all over europe ? 
  who would have guessed !, 
  well every nation got moments you can be proud off , and then moments you rather forget every happened . 
  like the 30 year war for sweden is something to very proud off when we turned the whole war on it 's head and managed to defend protestantism against the hre . 
  but a few decades we caused the swedish deluge which is n't exactly something to be proud off . 
  i saw a stargate episode about this . 
  i think i got it solved boys . 
  sadly enough we still sell a lot of weapons to countries with pretty shitty attitudes to human rights . 
  but we specifically stopped selling to saudi arabia in 2015 . https://www.thelocal.se/20150310/sweden-to-discontinue-saudi-arabia-deal,
