  because norway is more a northern country than canada ? 
  he probably meant that , but he is danish so he got things wrong . 
  not hard enough it seems . 
  or is the problem that she tries too hard ? 
  additionally people would feel trampled all over since things would largely out of their hands . 
  the nordic countries in the eu got a culture vastly different than the more populated south , a direct democracy would just trample all over that . 
  which is why i said nordic since that includes finland as well . 
  the nice thing about democracy is that it is n't set in stone . 
  opinions change , it is fluid and ephemeral . 
  which is why deciding something major like this with a 50/50 referendum with no minimum required turnout is fucking stupid . 
  at the very least it should have required 80 % + of all eligible voters to have voted yes , no or a blank vote . 
  then an argument could be made for a supermajority as well since one side essentially would be upholding the status quo whereas the other would cause a major upheaval and it would n't really be fair 49 % of the populace got trampled all simply because of a difference of a few hundred thousand compared to the tens of millions on both sides . 
  was n't the majority of migrants from colonies or former colonies that you british let in anyway ? 
  it does n't really have much to do with the rest of eu . 
   btw , how come in scandinavia we have a quite perfect dialect continuum it helps that pretty there has n't been any nordic country not ruled by another nordic country , or being simply independent . 
  besides finland , where we can see swedish getting greatly diminished after russia got their hands on the land . 
  more like a wolf in a sheep 's clothing so fresh that the blood is still dripping from it . 
  while i do think iran is better than saudi arabia by a few miles i would n't go as far to paint them in that much of a good light either . 
  also with iran there is an reasonable chance we can work together and help them to return to their old culture before the revolution . 
  well that is an declaration of war , you ready to get your asses kicked again danskj\u00e4vlar ? 
  though we could settle it over a game of ice hockey as well , we win we get bornholm and you guys win and get sk\u00e5ne ? 
  was n't it some dup member who said homosexuality was worse than sexual child abuse ? 
  the only way catalonia can join eu is if they parted ways with spain in a correct and legal manner . 
  that referendum is not legitimate . 
  not at all since the referendum is illegitimate ? 
  is n't that a bit more of a complicated issue though ? 
  due to the one china vision and all that . 
  i consider myself swedish first , nordic second and european somewhere after that . 
  i do n't think sweden should leave eu despite that . 
  suicide by cop . 
  was he even a terrorist and not just plain old vanilla crazy ? 
  and what the hell would that accomplish ? 
  it is disgusting that may takes this tragedy as an opportunity to push her authoritarian agenda . 
  a more regulated internet wo n't integrate the young people who extremist organisations seek to recruit . 
  it wo n't stop saudi arabia from funding wahhabi mosques around the world . 
  it wo n't rebuild war torn countries where refugees comes from . 
  it wo n't do jack shit except take away freedom from the british people . 
  we only lost nyen then ( nowadays known as st petersburg ) i was referencing mr gustav iv adolf who sided with britain against napoleon and russia which then lost us finland . 
  that is what many countries that has suffered from their hands in history think . 
  i guess a '' sorry '' does n't cut it ? 
  we would n't have lost eastern sweden if a warmongering king did n't instigate fights with russia when the country was weak thinking '' hey if my ancestors could , why ca n't i ? 
  there is always the chance that it is a van that has gone haywire and the driver lost control . 
  they are simply trying to be hopeful it is an '' old regular accident '' . 
  actually , denmark does n't have to adopt the euro or leave it is in the deal they signed . 
  wish we could have signed the deal as well , oh well hopefully indefinite loophole holds for a bit more . 
  ey , this we stand united on southern brother . 
  i would say a nordic union would be more likely . 
  of course it does n't , just that current mainstream rightwing is pretty anti migration ( in most places , not everywhere ) which is why more people associate them with anti migration as well . 
  personally i am bit conversative , not because i am anti science or anything mostly because i think we should preserve our culture and societal norms . 
  ( worker 's rights and so on ) in the face of the economic liberals from the right side . 
  would probably work better than blue and blue flag at least . 
  we should join together again , then we would be unstoppable in icehockey . 
  interesting that they chose to write [ uses a patronymic system ] for iceland and then write andersson , hansen , nielsen for sweden/norway/danskj \u00e4vlarna . 
  it is n't unreasonable to leave eu if you want but the way the uk went about it is laughable . 
  there was so many lies and deception and then the way they try to negotiate afterwards is silly also . 
  then there is the fact why the referendum happened in the first place , it was n't about uk sovereignty , it was a political move to strengthen cameron 's position and when he did n't get the result he wanted he simply quit . 
  it was n't even early june , it was the 23rd of june even . 
  i do n't think sweden is turning communist any time soon , the social democracy system have worked pretty good so far . 
  last year it snowed in june . 
  only a danish person would think 25 degrees is perfect , in fact it is too warm . 
  well it was n't us that caused the stockholm bloodbath now was it ? 
   german lmmigrants made the us less english . 
  no really . 
  a british traveler lamented this fact . 
  particularly in the comedy scene at the time . 
  moved from subtle humor toward slapstick . 
  using migrants makes sense from a business pov though . 
  a german expat will mean he will be proficient in both english and german while someone english would only really be proficient in english most of the time , and if you want to expand into the rest of the european market speaking more than one language becomes pretty useful . 
  whereas it got no real downsides . 
  yea there is a natural circle . 
  but you know , that circle happens over tens or hundreds of thousand years . 
  not over decades and centuries . 
  well if we finishing the job of digging them away soon , yes . 
  ehh , i will go with it . 
  sweden took bornholm , sk\u00e5ne ( + a bit more ) from denmark . 
  i am not sure if it would be close to half the country but it should be close . 
  we gave bornholm back in another peace treaty a few years later . 
  that is why he is the best clown , everyone knows it , no one can deny it . 
  is n't defaming a pretty serious crime ? 
  and there is plenty lies * should * be a crime , like prank calling emergency lines or shouting '' bomb '' in a subway when there is no bomb . 
  though it seems likely this case is just some technically problem and people panicked and trampled other people . 
  religious rights should not extend to bodily harm though . 
  if someone wants to remove their foreskin as an adult because their religion mandates it ? 
  fine , it is their choice . 
  a baby does n't get that choice . 
  if needs removing due to medical reasons ? 
  fine . 
  we can decide it with hockey . 
  you guys win and we act a bit less gay and we win and you guys rejoin sweden as a province . 
  sure , we can do that again . 
  but first got ta set some rules this time . 
  no bloodbaths , no political murders and ultimately the law that makes it legal for danish people to beat swedish people with sticks if they walk over the strait when it freezes needs to be removed . 
  such is the nordic lifestyle . 
  hey i got an idea !, 
  let 's go back to the union days . 
  geothermal heating is '' bergv\u00e4rme '' . 
  modern sweden is typically counted from gustaf vasa 's break off from the kalmar union where sweden and norway in an union under denmark . 
  after the stockholm bloodbath vasa rebelled against denmark and made sweden independent again . 
   but we know what scottish people want because they had a referendum on staying in the uk and voted on it . 
  on the basis that the uk was staying in the eu , now things have changed so they might think otherwise now .
