  when robots have replaced a large part of the work force a lot of the people will be unemployed . 
  work wo n't be a requirement to live , work will be a privilege . 
  and they are old enough to take on some adult responsibilities are n't they ? 
  that is what the uk chooses , the single market can not function in an restricted form . 
  if it did it would n't be a * single * market . 
  free movement is a cornerstone in the single market , you have to accept that . 
  either you get the whole package or you do n't get it , that is how the single market is laid out . 
  we got roughly 10 million people yet we are still competitive in very many areas internationally , we are pretty awesome people . 
  the general populace in sweden is mostly anti immigration ( to the ridiculous degree that we saw in the last 5 years that is ) as well . 
  i would n't call us strongly sceptical either , just we want status quo to remain . 
  the anti eu sentiment will just increase the more centralised it becomes . 
  we just want status quo to remain . 
  do what what we always do , buckle up , sell arms and then if conflict happens we go with the winner . 
  we really just want status quo to be kept . 
  eea if a federation happens sounds reasonable . 
  before the election there was a huge push towards accepting more refugees and label anything anti immigration as racist in an attempt to lower the growth of the far right party . 
  public opinion has n't really been in favour of immigration that much , just that the other parties assumed that they could win by doing the opposite from of the most controversial parties in main stream politics . 
  which back fired . 
  return nyen to swedish control ? 
  sounds promising . 
  i have gone out in that temperature once because we store the meat in a separate locker in another building . 
  every breath i took felt breathing needles , tried to hold my breath as much as possible and only very shallow breaths . 
  it is insanely dry and cold air at that point , if you do an deep inhale your lunges will get frost damaged . 
  around those degrees simply puttin on an extra shirt is enough . 
  there is huge cultural differences between countries , especially when you cross into germanic language group from the latin group . 
  swedes are generally introverted compared to southern europe 's extroverted . 
  simply beautiful . 
  well considering uk was one of the that voted for them to join in the first place it is n't that weird . 
  still wo n't happen because no one else will join . 
  you are waiting for it because it wo n't happen until after you have left the eu . 
  the ( relatively ) minor upheaval you suffered after the poll was because it was the unexpected result from the business people pov . 
  clinton is a venomous snake , trump is an idiot . 
  pick your poison . 
  at least here in sweden any dog who encounters a wolf is a dead dog . 
  well of course she says that when they got money in a russian state owned bank . 
  quite similar in sweden also , because everyone who is baptised is automatically signed into the church of sweden , the baptism is done mostly out of tradition rather than belief and many grow up without even knowing they are part of the church until they have to pay for it . 
  it is n't about abusing power , god and religion is just random mumbojumbo that has no place in a governing body . 
  religion in general ? 
  people can believe whatever the hell they want imo . 
  swedes and russians will have vacation time yet again in finland like in the good ol ` days . 
  you guys want another great northern war ? 
  come at us ye pussies . 
  the problem is that you ca n't charge the phone and use the headphones at the same time . 
  also having an adapter would suck , especially if you use the headphones on multiple things so you just ca n't leave it attached to the headphones . 
  but be careful of the milkman . 
  yea but that still is n't that cold , to get really cold you need north from the polar circle and away from the coast . 
  here in sweden baptism is basically a cultural you do because you have always done them . 
  after being baptised you are automatically signed up for the church of sweden . 
  far less people actually believes in that stuff than are members of it . 
  also some old people sign up for it so grave keeping becomes easier . 
  except for roughly 3 days when it get 's crazy hot , then back to normal levels . 
  having sun all year long helps a lot . 
  nah we got major issues with depression and suicides around november/december since it is so freaking dark . 
  it is very dampening to go up in darkness , go to work/school in darkness , the few sun hours pass by while everyone is stuck at work/school then you go home in darkness . 
  we are still one of the happiest countries in the world though . 
  reporting suicide as something else is a known issue in certain catholic countries . 
  a controversial artists makes a controversial cartoon !, 
  how shocking !, 
  is it in bad taste ? 
  yes . 
  should it be allowed ? 
  yes . 
  everything should be allowed to joke about , even if it is inappropriate . 
  ouch , that sounds hellish . 
  not exactly that knowledgeable about the field but from what i heard and seen the bar is set pretty strict in to get accepted into programs . 
  also since there is such low amount of doctors compared to the demand i guess the ones who work is heavily overworked . 
  sweden here , you will probably get hired as soon as you mention doctor . 
  ha , suck on that danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  did not expect that fnc/og vid outside of / r/leagueoflegends . 
  written swedish and danish/norwegian varies a great deal . 
  yea that would be even closer since we never got around to grab more of the baltic sea . 
   is there a term for exclusively baltics + sweden + finland ? 
  the empire of sweden . 
  catalonia can into swedish empire *, 
  do n't mind them joining at all . 
  after reformations , imprisoning and condemning of erdogan that is . 
  which at this point basically means never . 
  they are not worse in measurable metrics though , since they track the statistics needed for the pissing contest even !, 
  go far enough on the conservatist slider and they will approve of that . 
  there was no evidence of rape , no evidence of lying . 
  both walk away without repercussion . 
  i fail to see how this handled badly ? 
  yea , one of the reasons 2011 was a huge statistical outlier was because one wife had been raped by her husband for the past 7 years several few times a week . 
  they claim our foreign minister is spouting lies about turkey . 
  when in fact she just says the same thing everyone else is about turkey . 
  ie that turkey is claiming that the genocide did n't happen and that their current path is concerning and so on . 
  they simply got mad . 
  scandinavian peninsula does not include denmark and is typically shortened to scandinavia . 
  here in sweden we did it at our school for grades 1-4 as well . 
  sadly it was shoes 100 % after that . 
   black/white portrayal of this where russia is the perennial bad guy , forever , tbf , from a swedish pov together with denmark they are the traditional enemies of sweden . 
  sex slave play ? 
  sure kinda kinky but fine , both morally and legally . 
  sex slave ? 
  as in owning another human being ? 
  no it is n't fine either morally or legally . 
  he is advocating a crime , should n't he be arrested ? 
   maybe that 's why you 've such high equality . 
  feminists are not nazi men-haters . 
  we certainly have more than enough of rabid feminazis .
