  i mean have you seen r/crusaderkings ? 
  a more vile place is hard to find . 
  that far north ? 
  late may till some time around august . 
  sounds like something taken out of a fascist handbook , extremely undemocratic . 
  was n't stalin even worse ? 
  that sounds like a story from / r/crusaderkings, 
  more cities , larger population and more urbanisation . 
  also our policeforce is hotgarbage right now , trust for it is at an all time low hopefully eliasson is replaced soon . 
  we are n't really afraid to say hi to strangers , just we do n't talk if we do n't have a reason to do it and there is rarely any reason to talk to strangers . 
  even the worst places is fairly safe , would n't really feel that unsafe going through it . 
  besides every country got rougher areas . 
  you forgot the oh so important d\u00f6dsknarkarnazist people but i guess we ca n't say that anymore in this god damned country . 
  hebdo whole schtick is to create controversial comics , allah and muslims is just a small part of that . 
  a few years ago he created one after the big earthquake in italy where italians where likened to pancakes after being flattened by falling buildings . 
  whenever catalan independence comes up in this sub the people from catalan seems way more disrespectful and disdainful than the ones from spain . 
  like extremely arrogant and with attitude that seems to say '' we do n't need other people , especially the spanish '' . 
  are n't you guys doing really well and got a lot of autonomy ? 
  why gamble it all on independence ? 
  especially unlawful secession . 
  catalonia would be on bad terms with their big neighbour spain , they would n't be able to join eu or even get close to a favourable trade deal with eu . 
  it feels like an declaring independence from spain without their blessing would only end in disaster for catalonia . 
   and independentist parties won by absolute majority and the turnout was ? 
  unless it was 80 % + it is n't really worth speaking of . 
  spain will block any country who did n't secede legally from their own country . 
  hell they have spoken in favour of scotland joining the eu as long as they secede legally from the uk . 
  of course , sorting out the mess you created yourself is n't good for your career . 
  2/3 and a minimum turn out would be ideal . 
  otherwise you get shit shows like brexit . 
  64 % feels incredibly low for something important like this anyway . 
  well it worked for brexit , right ? 
   and what many people do n't get is that a weaker saudi state , a weaker al-saud , will just give us stronger wahhabis . 
   if the sauds fall , the wahhabis will take the power themselves and saudi arabia will even be more strict and more conservative . 
  and the help for that would be for the saudi 's preaching something else than wahhabi islam though . 
  there is many less violent and extreme schools and branches of islam . 
  sure the abbasids are annoying if you are playing eastern european or byzantium but is still fairly joking at that point . 
  why would they leave already ? 
  they do n't know what deals will be signed in the end and they still get all the benefits they got before the vote happened . 
  * if * they will leave we will only see it after brexit happened . 
  and even then it probably wo n't be an instantaneous shift , just a gradual shift . 
  i do n't get why people expect/want it all to be this dramatic . 
  it would be a shame if the water froze . 
  they where the ones attacking us , and also they kinda had it coming after stockholm bloodbath . 
  also , the danish treated us worse than we did during the war , we kept the genociding to germany/poland/russia . 
  he was walking around in sweden for two months prior to leaving the country , if he was going to get extradited or kidnapped usa had plenty of time to do so . 
  well they * did * drop investigations into this whole ordeal since it is unlikely to get sorted before the time window closes . 
  the last time someone was deus vulting in that area it did n't end well for byzantium though . 
  progress will happen automatically , but just like all graphs there is up and downs at times . 
  this is a very sharp down turn , but never the less only a step back on the grand scale . 
   and our great public postal services so you mean that drugs is on a drastic decline ? 
  well at least postnord is bringing something good into this world . 
  cause there is quite a few mountains in sweden ? 
  even more back when this chart was made because we also owned tr\u00f6ndelag ? 
  you do n't dispute my opinion though . 
  if you got a medical reason the hospital should and will remove the foreskin . 
  if you chose to remove due to whatever reason you can go to a cosmetic clinic and do it there . 
  r/europe is like a sister to / r/crusaderkings . 
  it depends on the course i would say . 
  something about engineering ? 
  chances are it is in english . 
  finland is n't part of scandinavia , scandinavia is sweden + denmark + norway . 
  nordic ( sweden , finland , norway , iceland , denmark ) would be the best option , it is what we call ourselves anyway . 
   vikings finland did n't actually have that much norse . 
  too far north and no good trade routes . 
  unless it is for medical reasons i think circumsision is something you should choose to do as an adult , at an cosmetic surgery place . 
   an extensive group of states or countries ruled over by a single monarch , an oligarchy , or a sovereign state . 
  `` the roman empire '' from google : empire definition . 
  i could dig out my english thesaurus but that is way too much effort for something that can be solved quickly with google . 
  per definition sweden was an empire roughly 300 years ago . 
  we do n't call ourselves that though , it is commonly referred to as '' stormaktstiden '' here in sweden . 
  literal translation would be great power era . 
  i do n't really like the idea of an eu army , i think it is far too soon for it . 
  there is just so many issues that would need to be solved . 
  what would the official language be ? 
  how would the chains of command look like ? 
  i think an eu army right now would lead to a bureaucratic mess full of ineffectiveness . 
  i think tighter military and economic cooperation must be done before a unified army can be done . 
  and then there is the issue of who will manufacture and sell the weapons to eu since it would most likely be standardised . 
  more than a few weapons manufactures in europe wants a slice of that cake and it will be fairly limited . 
  i could for example be see sweden getting pushed towards leaving if saab does n't get a role to play . 
  also foreign policies is vastly different between different countries . 
  some countries interfere a lot in non-eu countries and others got a pretty strict non-interference policy . 
  send your diplomat over and and forge a casus belli . 
  then show up with your armies . 
  that is good and all but if a red haired guy shows up and starts hammering on it then ? 
  it is 100 % correct though , there is a pretty big difference between european and being in the eu . 
  europe = / = eu . 
  well the uk politicians where turkey 's main backer for getting into the eu , so without them it seems pretty unlikely for them to join anytime soon . 
  and if they reform and improve to european standards i do n't see why not . 
  though i probably got a bigger chance of winning the eurojackpot than that happening . 
  yes , they are a part of europe . 
  it got fuck all to do with their fucked up leader . 
  they simply got a bit of land inside of what could be considered europe . 
  nordic-baltic union does n't sound too bad either . 
  eesti is always welcome back to our fold . 
  sweden only at 3rd , expected it to be worse . 
  norway have adopted every single mandate from eu except things related to whaling and fishing i think . 
  hey , how does a nordic union sound like ? 
  fairly sure we could get those pesky danes with us also . 
  no one can take north from us nordic !,
